Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cats at AndrewLoydWebber.com
They also depict axes , and detailed paintings of aircraft and ships .
He also commits this murder to test his own hypothesis that some people are naturally capable of , and even have the right to , do such things .
The area south of Leipzig is a big lignite day mining area , which will be recultivated as a lakeland in the near future .
George Gaylord Simpson ( 16 June 1902 -- 6 October 1984 ) was an American paleontologist .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won the Peace Prize twice for assisting refugees : in 1954 and 1981 .
Titan was discovered on March 25 , 1655 , by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens .
Caroline Bouvier Kennedy ( born November 27 , 1957 ) is an American author and attorney .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 192 Color Sample : Page 29 Plate 3 Color Sample K5 ( Note : The color sample matches the color shown above as Rich Carmine . )
In 2000 , the Derwent Valley Mills were nominated to become a World Heritage Site .
Osceola County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Jorge Manuel Almeida Gomes de Andrade , OIH ( ; born 9 April 1978 ) is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender .
From this date , the album became available for pre-order , in a variety of formats : a high-quality MP3 digital download to be delivered on 21 August 2008 , and a physical CD release on 27 October 2008 .
Twilight ( stylized as twilight ) is a 2008 American romantic vampire film based on Stephenie Meyer 's popular novel of the same name .
ADHD management usually involves some combination of medications , behavior modifications , lifestyle changes , and counseling .
Barley is a cereal grain derived from the annual grass Hordeum vulgare .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Names of roads such as Truswell Road , Headland Road , and Headland Drive are references to the mediaeval open fields that survived in this area into the late 18th century .
The younger sister of pop star Britney Spears , she rose to prominence for her appearances on Nickelodeon shows All That and for playing Zoey Brooks on Zoey 101 .
Despite the number , this is an east -- west highway- the ` H ' - series ( for Hawaii ) numbering reflects the order in which routes were funded and built .
Caswell County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Bey Beach became the capital of Togo when the German rulers transferred capital status from the city Aneho to Lomé in 1897 .
In his younger days he worked for the Liverpool Royal Infirmary , the Joseph Tie Laboratory , and the Royal Commission on Tuberculosis .
Due to , anonymous editing from your school , library , or educational institution 's IP address disabled .
First Capital Connect and Southern provide regular train services to London and Brighton .
Whitbourne , Newfoundland 's first inland town , is named after Sir Richard Whitbourne , one of the most colourful early settlers of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador who wrote a book about Newfoundland that was published in 1620 .
Persian , Chinese , and Mongol records have different accounts of how he died , including succumbing to an arrow wound received by a Chinese archer in the siege , dysentery , and even a cholera epidemic .
Rather , Brithenig started as a thought experiment to create a Romance language that might have evolved if Latin had displaced the native Celtic language as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain .
A July 1 , 2008 estimate placed the population at 387,725 .
The Hiram College Library has provided a welcoming , comfortable , and intellectually stimulating environment for many generations of students , faculty , staff , and community members .
A peridotite is a dense , coarse-grained igneous rock , consisting mostly of the minerals olivine and pyroxene .
Bauer is often in the field for the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit as it tries to safeguard the nation from terrorist threats .
Robert I ( 15 August 866 - 15 June 923 ) , King of Western Francia ( 922 - 923 ) , was the younger son of Robert the Strong , count of Anjou , and the brother of Odo , who became king of the Western Franks in 888 .
To date , he remains the only driver ever to win the Indianapolis 500 ( 1969 ) , Daytona 500 ( 1967 ) and the Formula One World Championship , and , along with Juan Pablo Montoya , the only driver to have won a race in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series , Formula One , and an Indianapolis 500 . No American has won a Formula One race since Andretti 's victory at the 1978 Dutch Grand Prix .
The following year they moved to Brooklyn , New York , where she worked as an elementary school teacher and nurse .
Richard Kemble Marsland ( 5 September 1976 - 6 December 2008 ) was an Australian comedy writer , actor , comedian and radio personality .
A replica of Endeavour was launched in 1994 and is berthed alongside the Australian National Maritime Museum in Sydney Harbour .
Mountains of snow , he observed , could be discerned about 75 m further south .
Jeddah ( also spelled Jiddah , Jidda , or Jedda ; Jidda ) is a Saudi Arabian city located on the coast of the Red Sea and is the major urban center of western Saudi Arabia .
Release and reception '' Naughty Girl '' was released as the fourth and final single from the album , through Columbia Records .
Mello pursued biochemistry and molecular biology as his major at Brown .
The trophy is named in honor of the late Bill Masterton , a Minnesota North Stars player who died on January 15 , 1968 , after sustaining an injury during a hockey game .
Dungannon is classified as a medium town by the NI Statistics and Research Agency ( NISRA ) ( i.e. with population between 10,000 and 18,000 people ) .
In addition , whereas Allied commanders at sea had discretion on how to act , the actions of Italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by Italian Naval Headquarters ( Supermarina ) .
As such , it is a term widely employed in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology , ancient history and Egyptology .
The combination of new weapons and tactics has caused many historians to consider this battle the beginning of the end of classic chivalry .
These claims are also reflected in the variety of names used for the islands and the sea .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
Once the wave begins to carry the surfer forward , the surfer stands up and proceeds to ride the wave . The basic idea is to position the surfboard so it is just ahead of the breaking part ( white water ) of the wave .
On September 27 the Army of the Three Guarantees entered Mexico City and the following day Iturbide proclaimed the independence of the Mexican Empire , as New Spain was to be henceforth called .
Huxley , J. S. Evolution : The Modern Synthesis , Allen and Unwin , 1942 ISBN 0-02-846800-7
Maintenay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense ; here , a mollusc exoskeleton evolved into several sorts of internal structure , the '' cuttlebone '' of cuttlefish being the best-known version .
The Hajj is a demonstration of the solidarity of the Muslim people , and their submission to God ( Allah in the Arabic language ) .
The 1 inch flowers open from the base of the inflorescence , which grows up to 12 inches long .
Mark Henry Raw William Regal When drafted , Regal was the WWF European Champion , making the title exclusive to Raw .
On December 3 , 2009 , the FIA confirmed that Sauber had been granted the entry vacated by Toyota Racing following their withdrawal and would be using Ferrari engines .
The Ultra-Crusaders 's main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth in giant form for a limited span of time , usually not longer than three minutes , owing to a limited supply of energy ( Earth 's atmosphere filters out solar energy ) .
A user with a flag is said to be a member of that flag 's ` user group ' , giving them certain ` permissions ' and the use of certain features of the MediaWiki software .
UEFA ajudged traveling Partizan fans to have been the culprits of the trouble , but Partizan were allowed to play the return leg while the appeal was being processed .
Lithium chloride and lithium bromide are extremely hygroscopic and are used as desiccants . Lithium hydroxide ( LiOH ) is an important compound of lithium obtained from lithium carbonate ( Li2CO3 ) .
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
Hemichordates are classically known to develop in two ways both directly and indirectly .
In his short story collection Maps in a Mirror Orson Scott Card said that Gert Fram was the childhood pen name of his sister-in-law , Nancy Allen Black , and that while the idea for the story was his own , the character Gert Fram and all the '' novels '' she wrote ( except Susan the Jerk ) were created by his sister-in-law as a child .
She was cared for by her younger sister .
January 19 & ndash ; Paul Cézanne , French painter ( d. 1906 )
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
It takes its name from being smaller than the nearby island of Majorca .
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition ; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness , of hope and of yearning .
Finally , an astrologer , Abe no Yasuchika , told the Emperor that Tamamo-no-Mae was the cause of his illness .
Gingivitis ( '' inflammation of the gums '' ) ( gingiva ) around the teeth is a general term for gingival diseases affecting the gingiva ( gums ) .
Jouaignes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Alexander County is a member of the regional Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
It also became increasingly violent .
The song is traditionally sung during the seventh-inning stretch of a baseball game .
Based on observations taken by Voyager and since then with the Hubble Space Telescope , Neptune appears to spend somewhat more than half its time with a Great Dark Spot .
It is located in the west of the country , in the Ezulwini valley , 16 km from Mbabane , in the district of Hhohho .
From 1982 to 1986 he served as deputy to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then as minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
He was dropped from the broadcasting team and was replaced by Bobby Heenan the following week , who remained until December 6 , 1993 , when Gorilla Monsoon kicked him out of the WWF .
March 1 & ndash ; Francisco de Almeida , Portuguese soldier and explorer ( b. c. 1450 )
Taillecavat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It also has maritime borders with Japan ( by the Sea of Okhotsk ) and the United States ( by the Bering Strait ) .
It is found in water 3 to 50 m deep around the southern coastline of Australia , approximately between Port Stephens , New South Wales and Geraldton , Western Australia , as well as around Tasmania .
Slater is a city in Story County , Iowa , United States .
Verdelais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Abbotsford House , Sir Walter Scott 's house in the Scottish Borders
( Stress Remix ) ( featuring Ghostface Killah , Tyga , and Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy ) & ndash ; 4:32
On 15 November 1848 , Johns and an associate named John Williams were arrested near Chepstow for '' ... stealing from the house of Richard Price , three loaves of bread , one piece of bacon , several cheeses , and other goods '' .
Alternatives of the latter type are often the result of education reform and are rooted in various philosophies that are commonly fundamentally different from those of traditional compulsory education .
In 1948 the theatre was renamed the Tyl Theatre ( after dramatist J.K. Tyl ) and would be known as such until 1990 when , at the end of an eight year reconstruction project , it became known again as the Estates Theatre .
New York University Stern School of Business
Scratchbox uses Qemu to emulate an ARM processor or sbrsh to remotely execute instructions .
A device that only holds information is a recording medium .
Worldwide , he is most famous for his role as Emperor Palpatine in the Star Wars live action film series ( both the original and prequel trilogies ) .
The President is directly elected by a two-round system for a five-year term ( since 2004 , after the Constitution was modified in 2003 ) .
He is a four-time Vezina Trophy winner , a five-time Jennings Trophy winner , a ten-time NHL All-Star , a Calder Memorial Trophy winner , and one of only two NHL goaltenders to have scored goals in both the regular season and the playoffs .
Flattening the Earth : Two Thousand Years of Map Projections , John P. Snyder , 1993 , pp .
German battleship Bismarck , German World War II battleship
The 36th Annual Annie Awards , honoring the best in animation for 2008 , were held on January 30 , 2009 at Royce Hall in Los Angeles , California .
is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto , lying on the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures , Japan .
Under this Chapter , the Governor-General is the commander in chief , and may appoint and dismiss the members of the Executive Council , ministers of state , and all officers of the executive government .
Darren Ashley Bent ( born 6 February 1984 ) is an English footballer who plays for Sunderland as a striker .
This decision has paid off as Warner has put up great numbers in leading the Cardinals to a 9-7 regular season record in the 2008 season and the NFC West Division championship , the Cardinals ' first division title since 1975 , when the team played in St. Louis , and the club 's first playoff berth since 1998 .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
The Nobel citation , issued by Sweden 's Karolinska Institute , said : '' This year 's Nobel Laureates have discovered a fundamental mechanism for controlling the flow of genetic information . ''
Tim McIlrath was born November 3 , 1979 in Indianapolis , IN .
He popularized several physically complicated dance moves , such as the robot and the moonwalk .
Independencia ( ) is a province of the Dominican Republic , located in the west , on the border with Haiti .
Fierville-les-Parcs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Virginia , Arkansas , Tennessee , and North Carolina joined the Confederacy , bringing the total to eleven states .
Arthur Golden later used her story to write the book Memoirs of a Geisha .
Torchwood ( ) is a British science fiction television programme , created by Russell T Davies .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
Ophiuroids are generally scavengers or detritivores .
An arm bone provisionally assigned to H. floresiensis is about 74,000 years old .
The Devil Mountain Lakes on the northern portion of the peninsula are the largest maar lakes in the world .
It became a tropical storm that day , and reached its peak of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) before hitting the Lesser Antilles .
Also worthy of note , the popular British New Romantic band , Spandau Ballet takes its name from Spandau .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
For example , America is written Amerika ( America also has its own kanji ( ateji ) or for short , , which literally means '' Rice Country '' -- though the connection with the '' rice '' character , , is purely a phonetic one ) .
It became known as '' tennis '' in English ( see History of tennis ) , and later '' real tennis '' after the derivative game of lawn tennis became the more widely known sport .
Ibrehem and James were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote . Janu wanted to voluntarily leave the game , therefore the vote was invalidated for her removal from the game .
Art models are models who pose for photographers , painters , sculptors , and other artists as part of their work of art .
Mauritius Island is part of the Mascarene Islands , with the French island of Réunion to the southwest and the island of Rodrigues to the northeast .
In April 2006 , Hill succeeded Jackie Stewart as President of the British Racing Drivers ' Club ( BRDC ) .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 46,695,000 km and remarkably takes almost 25 Earth years to make one orbit .
After his death on May 5 , 1885 , in due time the family moved across the country to Lawrence , Massachusetts , under the patronage of ( Robert 's grandfather ) William Frost , Sr. , who was an overseer at a New England mill .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
Over the Rhine are Austria ( state of Vorarlberg ) and Liechtenstein .
The first annual Shirley Jackson Awards for '' outstanding achievement in the literature of psychological suspense , horror and the dark fantastic '' were presented July 20 , 2008 at the Readercon Conference on Imaginative Literature in Burlington , Massachusetts .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al Ain FC won the championship .
References Amerigo Vespucci [ 2009 ] Charles Lester Edwards , Amerigo Vespucci External links Canaday , James A . The Life of Amerigo Vespucci .
NHL career Boston Bruins Thompson began his National Hockey League ( NHL ) career with the Boston Bruins in the 1928 -- 29 season after his contract was purchased by Boston manager Art Ross , who had never seen him play before , owing to his good reputation in Minnesota .
The government of that state estimated the damages caused by the storm to be approximately $ 45 million ( 2005 USD ) .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Paul Warfield Tibbets , Jr. ( February 23 , 1915 - November 1 , 2007 ) was a brigadier general in the United States Air Force , best known for being the pilot of the Enola Gay , the first aircraft to drop an atomic bomb in the history of warfare .
The name '' Penang '' comes from the modern Malay name Pulau Pinang , which means island of the areca nut palm ( Areca catechu , family Palmae ) .
Clarkson has released four albums to date under RCA Records : her double-platinum debut album Thankful (/O2003/O) , her multi-platinum second album Breakaway (/O2004/O) ( which has won two Grammy Awards ) , My December (/O2007/O) , and her latest album All I Ever Wanted (/O2009/O) .
When parent company ILG ceased trading in 1991 Air Europa continued profitably with a larger fleet of Boeing 737s .
Created by Edgar Rice Burroughs , Tarzan first appeared in the novel Tarzan of the Apes ( magazine publication 1912 , book publication 1914 ) , and then in twenty-five sequels , three authorized books by other authors , and innumerable works in other media , authorized or not .
Gene regulation may also serve as a substrate for evolutionary change , since control of the timing , location , and amount of gene expression can have a profound effect on the functions ( actions ) of the gene in a cell or in a multicellular organism .
Takama-ga-hara ( also Takaamahara , Taka-no-amahara , Takamanohara , Takamagahara ) ( ) , literally '' High Heaven 's Plain '' but often translated as the '' High Plain of Heaven , '' is a place in Japanese mythology .
Unique retractile sensory filaments justify the Vampire Squid 's placement in its own order : Vampyromorphida ( formerly Vampyromorpha ) , which shares similarities with both squid and octopuses .
That current is then sent through a cable to a guitar amplifier .
He was the President of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
There are also many on the left who condemn Park for the brutality of his dictatorship and for his service to the Japanese army during World War II .
This field overlaps with other areas of biology and chemistry , particularly genetics and biochemistry .
' stands for Date Table Sorting and is used to correctly sort and display dates in a sortable table ( see Sorting ) .
Contrasting explanations The site of Kerma includes both an extensive town and a cemetery consisting of large tumuli .
Like most of the fig-trees , leaf bud is covered by two large scales .
Bearded dragons come in a wide variety of colors , including brown , grey , reddish-brown , and orange .
Curie point
After Hargreaves ' death in 1988 , his son , Adam Hargreaves , began writing and illustrating new stories involving the Mr. Men and Little Miss characters , including the creation of ten new characters , four of which were inspired by work Roger Hargreaves had produced before his death .
The original campus of Raffles Institution was located along Bras Basah Road , where Raffles City Shopping Centre now stands .
The mathematical expression that relates radioactive decay to geologic time , is
Under the theory of quantum mechanics , black holes possess a temperature and emit Hawking radiation , but for black holes of stellar mass or larger this temperature is much lower than that of the cosmic background radiation .
In literature In literature , particularly in literary criticism , '' mainstream '' is used to designate traditional realistic or mimetic fiction , as opposed to genre fictions such as science fiction , romance novels and mysteries , as well as to experimental fiction .
Genk is a city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt . The municipality only comprises the city of Genk itself .
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase ( born Daveigh Elizabeth Schwallier ; July 24 , 1990 ) is an Annie Award-winning American actress , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing Rhonda Volmer in the HBO series Big Love , Samara Morgan in The Ring and Lilo Pelekai in Lilo & Stitch .
A boyfriend can refer to a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other ; an intimate friend who is usually a man .
In France , it was called the Hyundai Pony .
Deep River is a city in Poweshiek County , Iowa , United States .
The entire community lost power , as did about 15,000 customers in total in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
The service is operated by London Tramlink , part of Transport for London ( TfL ) .
Like '' Tortues , '' this is also a musical joke - the thematic material is taken from the Scherzo from Mendelssohn 's incidental music to A Midsummer Night 's Dream and Berlioz 's '' Dance of the Sylphs '' from The Damnation of Faust .
James Edward Keeler ( September 10 , 1857 -- August 12 , 1900 ) was an American astronomer .
Now it is the administrative center of the Kharkiv oblast ( province ) , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Kharkivskyi Raion ( district ) within the oblast .
Mistaking Shasta for the missing Prince Corin of Archenland , Narnia 's ally , Edmund scolds the young boy for running off and making everyone worry .
Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto 's temporary successor on bass .
Himno Nacional ( '' National Anthem '' ) is the national anthem of the Dominican Republic .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC ( 12 July 1885 & ndash ; 5 August 1916 ) was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
The capital city is Lusaka , located in the southeast of the country .
Roman Fresnedo Siri ( February 4 , 1903 & ndash ; June 26 , 1975 ) was a Uruguayan architect .
Saint-Julien-sur-Calonne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
As of the 2010 census the population of Pocatello was 54,255 . Pocatello is the fourth-largest city in the state , slightly larger than Idaho Falls .
Its eleven member institutions are located primarily in the Midwestern United States , stretching from Iowa and Minnesota in the west to Pennsylvania in the east .
After three major viruses exploited flaws in Windows operating systems within a short time period in 2003 , Microsoft changed its development priorities , putting some of Longhorn 's major development work on hold while developing new service packs for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Skathi ( SKAH-dhee ) , or Saturn XXVII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Oxley named the site Camp Hill .
It is a soft , earthy , usually white mineral ( dioctahedral phyllosilicate clay ) , produced by the chemical weathering of aluminium silicate minerals like feldspar .
It is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen , having chemical formula HN3 .
ECW is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , based on the independent Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001 .
A bass player , or bassist is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass , bass guitar , keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone .
The resulting creatures are a powerful race bent on universal conquest and domination , utterly without pity , compassion or remorse .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
It was occupied by Belgian troops during World War I . After Germany 's defeat , France became the colonial power in eastern Cameroon , and Yaoundé became the capital of French Cameroon .
In the case of the personal digital assistant ( PDA ) the input and output are often combined into a touch-screen interface .
Located in a region called Planalto Central , or Central Plateau , the Federal District is divided in 20 administrative regions .
Figaro manages to evade the question , only to have Antonio , the alcoholic gardener , arrive , complaining about a man jumping out of the window into his plantings , and ruining his carnation flowerpots .
'' Tears Are Falling '' was the only song in the album played regularly on live performances throughout the years .
Square ( album ) , an album by Buck 65
In Estonian it is colloquially called the '' sinimustvalge '' ( literally '' blue-black-white '' ) , after the colors of the bands .
The municipality comprises the towns of Beervelde , Lochristi proper , Zaffelare and Zeveneken .
West Chicago is located at .
It is typically classified as an anxiety disorder and often results in panic attack .
In his last months he was cared for by the local Aborigines .
The naked mole rat ( Heterocephalus glaber ) , also known as the sand puppy , or desert mole rat is a burrowing rodent native to parts of East Africa and the only species currently classified in genus Heterocephalus .
The class was gradually taken out of service from the early 1980s .
On 1 January 2006 the municipality had 4,844 inhabitants .
The dirham was struck in many Mediterranean countries , including Spain , and could be used as currency in Europe between the 10th and 12th centuries .
On April 2 , 1989 at the Clash of Champions in New Orleans , Long blatantly made a fast count allowing Mike Rotunda and '' Dr. Death '' Steve Williams to defeat the Road Warriors for the NWA World Tag Team Championship .
However , no further announcements have been made since . The project seems to have been canceled , as The Little Mermaid : Ariel 's Beginning , Tinker Bell , and its sequels were the last projects for DisneyToon Studios .
Orland Park 's local newspaper is the Orland Park Prairie .
Sydney was incorporated in 1904 and dissolved on August 1 , 1995 , when it was merged into the regional municipality .
To that end the Academy publishes two dictionaries .
Kurt Vonnegut 's experience as a soldier and prisoner of war had a profound influence on his later work .
Joachim and Anne are believed to have given Mary to the service of the Second Temple when the girl was three years old .
In recent years Clunes has undergone a noticeable transformation and rejuvenation following the decision by Wesley College , Australia 's largest co-educational private school , to establish a campus for Year 9 students in the town .
Christian Music News Hawk Nelson wrote the songs , as usual together with Trevor McNevan , but this time also with Richard Marx and Raine Maida .
McComb , Mississippi
It consists of two parts , a rotating armature and fixed field windings surrounding the rotating armature mounted around a shaft .
Nakajima scored another point at the 2008 British Grand Prix , after losing seventh place on the last lap .
The Renault FR1 is a coach produced by the bus division of Renault Trucks from 1987 to 1997 .
August - The BepiColombo spacecraft will be launched to Mercury .
Acetobacter are of particular importance commercially , because :
Years after his marriage to Gemma , he claims to have met Beatrice again ; although he wrote several sonnets to Beatrice , he never mentioned his wife Gemma in any of his poems .
During his National Football League career , Green coached the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals .
From 2005 , Solothurn 's ten districts are merged pairwise into five electoral districts , termed Amtei .
Examples of bromates include sodium bromate , , and potassium bromate , .
Common examples are case endings , which indicate the grammatical case of nouns or adjectives , and verb endings , which form the conjugation of verbs .
A Scanner Darkly ( 1977 ) is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels ; in its story , an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality after falling victim to the same permanently mind altering drug , Substance D , he was enlisted to help fight .
Located in the north of the City of London , England , in the heart of the Barbican Estate , the Centre hosts classical and contemporary music concerts , theater performances , film screenings and art exhibitions .
Sulfur or sulphur ( ; see spelling below ) is the chemical element that has the atomic number 16 .
Retrieved 2008-05-08 .
The primary builders are Samsung Engineering & Construction and Besix along with Arabtec .
Stoicism was a school of Hellenistic philosophy founded in Athens by Zeno of Citium in the early .
The consequences of these attacks include blindness and permanent scarring of the face and body .
But Noah '' was a righteous man , blameless in his generation , and Noah walked with God , '' and God gives him instructions for the construction and exact size of an ark , into which he is told to bring '' two of every sort animal ... male and female ... everything on the dry land in whose nostrils was the breath of life , '' and their food .
Light travels along the fiber bouncing back and forth off of the boundary .
For more details on the sequences of operations used for various quantum algorithms , see universal quantum computer , Shor 's algorithm , Grover 's algorithm , Deutsch-Jozsa algorithm , amplitude amplification , quantum Fourier transform , quantum gate , quantum adiabatic algorithm and quantum error correction .
The extratropical remnants of Barry produced gusty winds alone the Atlantic coastline which peaked at 60 mph ( 97 km\/h ) near Charleston , South Carolina .
As a general rule , with an increase in elevation comes a decrease in temperature and an increase in precipitation .
During the following weeks , Schuschnigg realized that his newly-appointed ministers were working to take over his authority .
The lunar phases vary cyclically as the Moon orbits the Earth , according to the changing relative positions of the Earth , Moon and Sun .
The Class 220 Voyager are a class of diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation in 2000 and 2001 They were introduced in 2001 to replace the 30-year-old Intercity 125 and Class 47 fleets operating on the Cross Country Route for train operating company Virgin Trains .
Nicknamed the '' Oricon comet '' for her success in Japan , she has released eight singles and two albums there with varying degrees of success .
Kim claimed that Park was an obstacle to democracy and that his act was one of patriotism .
What follows is a twist on the classic tale of '' The Six Swans . ''
For quotation of description of the work , see : Martin-Dubost (/O1997/O) , p. 73 .
The city of Concord ( , often mispronounced as '' concorde '' ) is the capital of the state of New Hampshire in the United States .
It has also hosted international football matches and music concerts , most recently Elton John in June 2005 .
A five piece girl group , The Saturdays consist of Frankie Sandford and Rochelle Wiseman , formerly of S Club 8 , along with Mollie King , Una Healy and Vanessa White .
Bulgakov died from nephrosclerosis ( an inherited kidney disorder ) on March 10 , 1940 .
'' This Is the New Shit '' is the second single of Marilyn Manson 's album The Golden Age of Grotesque .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
The 3,000 seat Teatro Farnese , the first permanent proscenium theater , is built into the Great Hall of the Palazzo della Pilotta in Parma , Italy .
Stratovolcanoes or composite volcanoes are tall conical mountains composed of lava flows and other ejecta in alternate layers , the strata that give rise to the name .
Mathaux is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Paradise Crow , Lycocorax pyrrhopterus , also known as the Silky Crow , is a medium-sized ( approximately 34cm long ) crow-like bird of paradise with all-dark , soft and silky plumage .
This is the article about the town in Buckinghamshire , UK .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
Constable McIntyre threw his arms up .
) Tout-Metz , retrieved June 2010 .
Goosebumps was a series of young adult 's horror fiction novellas created and authored by R. L. Stine .
Sexual fetishism , or erotic fetishism , is the sexual arousal a person receives from a physical object , or from a specific situation .
History The Times of India was founded on November 3 , 1838 as The Bombay Times and Journal of Commerce , during the British Raj .
A user who edits through an account they have registered , may immediately create pages in any namespace ( except the MediaWiki namespace , and limited to 8 per minute ) and may also e-mail other users if they activate an email address in their user preferences .
My Fair Lady is a musical based upon George Bernard Shaw 's Pygmalion and with book and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe .
The sublingual glands are a pair of glands located beneath the floor of the mouth anterior to the submandibular glands .
The Australian Antarctic Territory ( AAT ) is the part of Antarctica claimed by Australia and is the largest territory of Antarctica claimed by any nation .
The town was granted its Charter in 1584 by Elizabeth I. Sir John Leman ( died 1632 ) was a tradesman from Beccles who became Lord Mayor of London .
Hannibal departed New Carthage in late spring of 218 BCLancel , Serge , Hannibal , p. 225 He fought his way through the northern tribes to the Pyrenees , subduing the tribes through clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting .
The Saturn Awards were devised by Dr. Donald A. Reed in 1972 , who felt that films within those genres were never given the appreciation they deserved at that time .
Version of 2003-JAN-17 .
The Singaporean government currently discourages the use of Singlish in favour of formal '' official '' English , as it believes in the need for Singaporeans to be able to effectively communicate with the other English users in the world .
Taylor Reuben Hicks ( born October 7 , 1976 ) is an American singer who achieved fame in 2006 , when he won the fifth season of American Idol .
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist group active in England and Wales with two dozen members on trade union executives .
Gustavo Dudamel has been the orchestra 's artistic director since 1999 .
She received +2.20 grade of execution for her triple lutz-triple toe loop combination , the highest ever given for jumps by the ISU in ladies ' figure skating .
Thus , Waterloo station ( since renamed Yau Ma Tei Station ) became the terminus of the Kwun Tong Line , and both Argyle and Prince Edward stations became interchange stations .
The novel was also roundly criticized by slavery supporters .
Since the early 1980s the FIA have required that Formula One entrants own the intellectual rights to the chassis that they enter , and so the terms '' entrant '' and '' constructor '' , and hence also '' team '' , have become synonymous .
The Linux Router Project A defunct floppy-based distribution for routers and firewalls .
Moeller High School 's athletic teams & ndash ; with the exception of boxing , lacrosse , skiing , and volleyball & ndash ; are sanctioned by the Ohio High School Athletic Association ( OHSAA ) and compete in the Greater Catholic League South , along with Elder , St. Xavier and La Salle High Schools .
Higher density microplates ( 384 - or 1536-well microplates ) are typically used for screening applications , when throughput ( number of samples per day processed ) and assay cost per sample become critical parameters , with a typical assay volume between 5 and 50 L per well .
Le Fournet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
'' This Is Me '' , written by Andy Dodd & Adam Watts , is the fourth single from Camp Rock , a Disney Channel original movie , Tommy2 .
He is the only Italian player ever to score in three World Cups .
Judaeo-Georgian , sometimes considered a separate Jewish language , is spoken by an additional 20,000 in Georgia and 65,000 elsewhere ( primarily 60,000 in Israel ) .
Carl Erich Correns ( September 10 , 1864 - February 14 , 1933 ) was a German botanist and geneticist , who is notable primarily for his independent discovery of the principles of heredity , and for his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel 's earlier paper on that subject , which he achieved simultaneously but independently of the botanists Erich Tschermak von Seysenegg and Hugo de Vries .
Originally called Ville-Marie , or '' City of Mary '' , the city takes its present name from Mont-Royal , Mount Royal Park - Montreal 's Mount Royal Park or Parc du Mont-Royal the triple-peaked hill located in the heart of the city , whose name was also initially given to the island on which the city is located , or Mont Réal as it was spelled in Middle French , ( Mont Royal in present French ) .
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon
PbO may be prepared by heating lead metal in air at approx .
Jonathan and Stephenie made a crucial mistake by jumping off the boat and trying to outswim it , but the boat went far ahead of them .
Lorentz , H. A. , Einstein , Albert , Minkowski , Hermann , and Weyl , Hermann ( 1952 ) The Principle of Relativity : A Collection of Original Memoirs .
The Western Branch of the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia is located in Yarmouth .
It may also refer to both an observational reference frame and an attached coordinate system , as a unit .
East Punjab was the part of the Punjab region that went to India following the Partition of the British province of the Punjab between India and Pakistan in 1947 .
Most common of these were the 900 barns painted with ads for Rock City .
The series continues the adventures of paranormal investigators Dr. Peter Venkman , Dr. Egon Spengler , Dr. Ray Stantz , Winston Zeddemore , their secretary Janine Melnitz and their mascot ghost Slimer .
He was awarded the 1958 Academy Award for Best Actor in Separate Tables .
Time reported a high U.S. official as saying '' It is the most incredible , calculated thing since the days of the Nazis in Poland .
It occurs in cool , deep soiled , mostly mountainous areas to altitude with high rainfall of over per year .
Helene Bertha Amalie '' Leni '' Riefenstahl ( ; 22 August 1902 - 8 September 2003 ) was a German film director , actress and dancer widely noted for her aesthetics and innovations as a filmmaker .
He started playing football in his local soccerclub SGA Sirnitz and played for different youth teams .
He says he tried to get a mortal named Xena to do it and Zeus is angry because Ares keeps wanting Xena .
Peter Geach describes and rejects four levels of omnipotence .
Plymouth UA Cornwall Isles of Scilly sui generis UA 15 .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
When she appeared as a guest on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in May 2009 , she praised DeGeneres for being '' an inspiration for women and for the gay community '' .
Gates , Griffin , and Royer joined together in 1968 and signed with Elektra Records , choosing the name Bread in 1969 .
He then completed work on a sequel to The Wind Waker for the Nintendo DS , The Legend of Zelda : Phantom Hourglass .
They are named for their extensible spiny proboscis , which , in some species , may have a shape like that of a human penis .
Hénin-Beaumont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jospin and the '' Plural Left '' ( 1995-2002 ) In the legislature , the PS reconstructed a coalition with other left-wing parties : the PCF , the Greens , the Left Radical Party and the MDC .
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics is instrumental in European Union 's Structural Fund delivery mechanisms .
But it 's not the last remaining dinosaur .
Tidal interactions have also meant that Triton 's orbit , already close to Neptune , is slowly decaying further , and predictions are that some 3.6 billion years from now , Triton will pass within Neptune 's Roche limit . This will result in either a collision with Neptune 's atmosphere or the breakup of Triton , forming a ring system similar to that found around Saturn .
Boston ( pronounced ) is the capital and largest city in Massachusetts , and is one of the oldest cities in the United States .
Ferdinand II , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1620 - 1637 ) .
On 29 September 1918 the German Supreme Command informed Kaiser Wilhelm II and the Imperial Chancellor Count Georg von Hertling at army headquarters in Spa , Belgium that the military situation was hopeless .
Sarah married Andrew Jackson , Jr. , the adopted son of Andrew Jackson , in Philadelphia on November 24 , 1831 .
There are smaller but still significant groups of speakers of Khoisan languages who are not included in the eleven official languages , but are one of the eight other officially recognized languages .
A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic generator which uses a moving belt to accumulate very high electrostatically stable voltages on a hollow metal globe on the top of the stand .
It is claimed that the tower has become a popular site for North Koreans .
The town of Bahawalnagar is the capital of the district .
Usually , compressive stress applied to bars , columns , etc. leads to shortening .
He played for the Japanese national team .
During their conversation , Tod lets it slip that Copper is n't a stray , and Dixie hatches a plan to get Copper out of the band with Tod 's help .
John Biddulph ( Tribes of the Hindoo Koosh ) was amongst the first westerners to study Khowar and claimed that further research would prove Khowar to be equally derived from Zend ( Avestan , Old Persian ) and Sanskrit .
Survivor 's Law II ( Traditional Chinese : ) is a 20-episode TVB drama broadcast between December 2007 and January and January 2008 .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
It won seven Oscars , including Best Picture and Best Director .
After the player has chosen which of these characters to control , the game begins when the spacecraft is shot down by missiles fired from the nearby , supposedly-deserted , titular planet Notrium .
For the similar Indian channel , see WB Channel .
Unlike all the other pieces , pawns may not move backwards .
In a statement released on Knowles ' official website , she wrote : '' I am in a different place right now and I wanted people to see the many sides of me .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 147.52 km , had 4,348 inhabitants , giving a population density of 29.5 inhabitants per km .
The conjecture taunted mathematicians for over three centuries before Andrew Wiles , a Princeton University research mathematician , finally proved it in 1995 , and now it may properly be called a theorem .
For example , the English term uncle carries connotations other than '' brother of a parent '' depending on the writer .
Lord Brocktree is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 2000 .
This article is about the village in North Kent , England .
'' I 'll Always Be Irish ''
He was also a renowned taxonomist , tropical explorer , ornithologist , historian of science , and naturalist .
Her young husband died trying to save her .
After becoming an extratropical cyclone , local National Weather Service offices issued flood watches for portions of South Carolina , much of eastern North Carolina , southeastern Virginia , and southeastern Maryland .
The airport is also a base for charter airlines including Monarch Airlines , Thomas Cook Airlines and Thomson Airways .
There , he became good friends with members of the Bloomsbury Group including James Strachey , Lytton Strachey , Rupert Brooke , John Maynard Keynes , and Duncan Grant , who painted several portraits of Mallory .
The Trialeti culture , named after Trialeti region of Georgia , is attributed to the first part of the 2nd millennium BC .
Because Stowe saw motherhood as the '' ethical and structural model for all of American life , '' and also believed that only women had the moral authority to save the United States from the demon of slavery , another major theme of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is the moral power and sanctity of women .
Albany is a village in Green County , Wisconsin , United States .
Mithril was also called '' true-silver '' or '' Moria-silver '' ; the Dwarves had their own secret name for it .
Two days later , he signed a two-year deal with the Giants .
Infraorder Scincomorpha -- ( skinks , whiptail lizards and common European lizards )
There a brawl arose between the Frisians and the Danes and a battle took place that lasted for three days .
It is located near Bali 's Ngurah Rai Airport .
A helicopter main rotor or rotor system is a type of fan that is used to generate both the aerodynamic lift force that supports the weight of the helicopter , and thrust which counteracts aerodynamic drag in forward flight .
A line slightly longer than the note head is drawn parallel to the staff , above or below , spaced at the same distance as the lines within the staff ( see Figure 1 ) .
Martin David Robinson ( September 26 , 1925 -- December 8 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Marty Robbins , was an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist .
The violence erupted after a majority of eligible voters in the population of East Timor chose independence from Indonesia .
He went on to host his own show on MTV , called The Jon Stewart Show , and then hosted another show on MTV called You Wrote It , You Watch It .
Toru Sano ( born November 15 , 1963 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The Planck length can be defined from three fundamental physical constants : the speed of light in a vacuum , Planck 's constant , and the gravitational constant .
Material Evidence Material evidence of the saltire 's use dates from somewhat later .
This is a chart of regional gross value added for West Yorkshire at current basic prices with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling .
Atop the gate is the Quadriga , a chariot drawn by four horses driven by Victoria , the Roman goddess of victory .
Bellewood is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
For the Commonwealth Games , the stadium featured a single lower tier running around three sides of the athletics track , and second tiers to the two sides , with an open-air temporary stand at one end .
For example , the 20th percentile is the value ( or score ) below which 20 percent of the observations may be found . The term percentile and the related term percentile rank are often used in the reporting of scores from norm-referenced tests .
The Bird and the Bee Sides ( 2008 ) On July 1 , 2008 Relient K released a double EP .
Since 2007 , the Class 21 TOPS classification has been reused for new Vossloh G1206 locomotives acquired by Euro Cargo Rail/EWS .
Called the '' Improved Hard Process '' , Fertilizer International , May-June 2008 , article , page 81 , '' A credible alternative to the Wet Phosphoric Acid Process '' this technology will both make low grade phosphate rock reserves commercially viable and will increase the P2O5 recovery from existing phosphate reserves .
While Robins occasionally overwinter in the northern part of the United States and southern Canada , most migrate to winter south of Canada from Florida and the Gulf Coast to central Mexico , as well as along the Pacific Coast .
Career Threatening match 20:23 6 Beth Phoenix and Melina ( with Santino Marella ) defeated Maria and Ashley .
Depending on the context , nucleosomes can inhibit or facilitate transcription factor binding .
Authorities in the United States have branded some of his films as obscene and filed charges against Danilo Croce , a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida , listed as an officer of a company distributing Fiorito 's films in the United States .
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. .
Nazim is the title in Urdu of the chief elected official of a local government in Pakistan , such as a district , tehsil , union council , or village council .
Under Stewart , The Daily Show has become more strongly focused around politics and the national media , in contrast with the more character-driven focus during Kilborn 's tenure .
Canadian Navy ships headed to the Gulf Coast of the United States , carrying relief supplies to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , were slowed down trying to avoid Hurricanes Nate and Ophelia .
Sausages may be served as hors d'oeuvre , in a sandwich , in a bread roll as a hot dog , wrapped in a tortilla , or as an ingredient in dishes such as stews and casseroles .
However , it was not until late 2001 that Al Jazeera achieved worldwide recognition , when it broadcast video statements by al-Qaeda leaders .
Israeli special forces storm the bus , freeing the hostages ( 1 hostage , 2 hijackers killed ) .
bar :1861 at :7403 fontsize : XS text : 7403 shift : ( -8,5 )
Elephants are the largest land animals now living .
A phenotype is any observable characteristic or trait of an organism : such as its morphology , development , biochemical or physiological properties , behavior , and products of behavior ( such as a bird 's nest ) .
Pond Creek legend has it that the railroad specified a mail stop at Pond Creek so to keep face they merely changed the name of railroad Pond Creek to Jefferson and made government Pond Creek the Pond Creek station .
The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is a large outdoor sports stadium in the University Park neighborhood of Los Angeles , California at Exposition Park that is home to the University of Southern California Trojans football team .
JVC also developed SVHS-ET technology for its camcorders and VCRs , which simply allows standard units to record Super VHS signals onto lower-priced VHS tapes , albeit with a slight blurring of the image .
Enzo Francescoli Uriarte ( born November 12 , 1961 in Montevideo ) is a former Uruguayan football player of Italian and Spanish origin , who retired in 1997 .
The old man with whom he lives has a clouded , pale , blue '' vulture-like '' eye which so distresses the narrator that he plots to murder the old man .
By the time of the Canadiens first game on against the Pittsburgh Pirates , he had lost 35 pounds in a span of six weeks , and had a fever of 102 Fahrenheit .
Marion County is coterminous with the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The former district courthouse ( Amtsgericht ) , the city hall , and the Heimat Museum are together on the main street of Friedrichstrasse .
Death and burial Roddenberry died on October 24 , 1991 , of heart failure at the age of 70 .
Elephant seals ( sea elephants ) are large , oceangoing seals in the genus Mirounga . There are two species : the northern elephant seal ( M. angustirostris ) and the southern elephant seal ( M. leonina ) .
On some occasions , the content can be removed temporarily on the basis of a suspected copyright violation , since the text is often copied from another website and posted anonymously .
Neighboring districts are Trier-Saarburg , Birkenfeld , Kusel , Neunkirchen , Saarlouis , and Merzig-Wadern .
Sam Simon ( born June 6 1955 ) is an American director , television producer and writer , most notable as one of the original developers of The Simpsons , along with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks .
Worms is a city in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany , on the Rhine River .
The year 2010 is pronounced either '' twenty ten '' or '' two thousand ( and ) ten '' .
Norfolk Island ( Norfuk : Norfuk Ailen ) is a small island in the Pacific Ocean located between Australia , New Zealand and New Caledonia .
'' Boeing Gives the 7E7 Dreamliner a Model Designation '' .
Impressed with the group 's material , he brought the trio to the attention of Lorne Michaels , the producer of Saturday Night Live , who agreed to see them .
Some of Sutherland 's more notable movie roles included offbeat warriors in such war movies as The Dirty Dozen , in 1967 , and MASH and Kelly 's Heroes in 1970 , as well as in such popular films as Klute , Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Ordinary People .
Nathaniel Hathorne was born in 1804 in the city of Salem , Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and Elizabeth Clarke Manning Hathorne .
The network takes its name from a slang term for '' head '' or , by extension , '' brain , '' reflecting its original purpose as an educational channel .
Subsequently , four fossil skeletons were found , showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs , providing greater mobility .
The Agency and Director General Mohamed ElBaradei were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 .
Statistics of Austrian first league in the 1925/1926 season .
It is considered unlikely that the term '' passport '' is derived from sea ports , but rather from a medieval document required to pass through the gate ( '' porte '' ) of a city wall of to pass through a territory .
A goldsmith is a metalworker who specializes in working with gold and other precious metals .
In the game , the player controls a lone protagonist , the Guardian , who is on a quest to destroy a large alien-infested world named Naju before it reaches the planet Earth .
This difference in symmetry becomes obvious if someone attempts to shake the right hand of a person using his left hand , or if a left-handed glove is placed on a right hand .
General classification (/O1998/O) Young riders classification ( 1994 , 1995 )
His conducting debut with the Concertgebouw Orchestra was on 7 November 1956 , substituting for Carlo Maria Giulini .
'' The Loco-Motion '' is a 1960s hit song , originally performed by Little Eva and its accompanying dance and covered by Kylie Minogue in 1987 .
Grévy 's zebra ( Equus grevyi ) is the largest type , with a long , narrow head , making it appear rather mule-like .
In 1944 and 1945 , Manchukuo issued coins ( 1 and 5 fen ) made of what the '' Standard Catalog of World Coins '' describes as '' red or brown fiber '' , resembling cardboard .
After Walt Disney 's death , Roy Disney returned from retirement to take full control of Walt Disney Productions and WED Enterprises .
Black Stone Cherry is a rock band formed on June 4 , 2001 in Edmonton , Kentucky , USA .
Subsequently , birders from all over the world have flocked to Cape May to witness the migrations .
In economics , hyperinflation is inflation that is very high or '' out of control '' , a condition in which prices increase rapidly as a currency loses its value .
Virton is the most southerly town in Belgium and the administrative centre of a Walloon municipality ( ) and district ( arrondissement ) of the same name , located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Mongolia is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia .
The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is an order of chivalry founded on 28 April 1818 by George , Prince Regent , later George IV of the United Kingdom , while he was acting as Prince Regent for his father , George III .
Farrokh 2007 : 60 Building projects Many building projects were started during the reign of Darius , the largest being the building of the new capital of Persepolis .
He studied composition under Charles Widor and harmony and counterpoint with André Gédalge .
The idea is commonly treated as an antecedent of separation of powers .
In a dream , the magi were warned not to return to Jerusalem , so they '' left for their own country by another road '' .
These and other artists also appeared at the NME Poll Winners Concert , an awards event that featured artists voted as most popular by the paper 's readers .
People who are moderately lactose-intolerant can consume yoghurt without ill effects , because much of the lactose in the milk precursor is converted to lactic acid by the bacterial culture .
Waveform Audio File Format ( WAVE , or more commonly known as WAV due to its filename extension ) , ( also , but rarely , named , Audio for Windows ) is a Microsoft and IBM audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs .
Code Red and Code Red II were famous ( and much discussed ) worms that exploited vulnerabilities of the Windows Indexing Service of Windows 2000 's Internet Information Services ( IIS ) .
Among these letters are some of the earliest extant Christian documents .
Florina belongs to the periphery of West Macedonia .
The rules of the competition meant that the submission 's copyright would belong exclusively to the Saturday Advertiser , which gave the manuscript to the Dunedin-based Charles Begg & Co to publish , but a nine-month delay in sending it to a publisher was followed by two months of waiting for publication .
By a simple extension of the latter , Wikipedia is not a slang and idiom guide .
Since the bus topology consists of only one wire , it is rather inexpensive to implement when compared to other topologies .
Advancing through the uplands of Etruria , Hannibal provoked Flaminius into a hasty pursuit and , catching him in a defile on the shore of Lake Trasimenus , destroyed his army in the waters or on the adjoining slopes , killing Flaminius as well ( see Battle of Lake Trasimene ) .
Moulin Rouge !
On 5 January 1978 , there was another major fire at RCTV 's studios .
The gonads in males are the testes and the gonads in females are the ovaries .
If records of the commissions existed , and they probably did , they may have been lost along with other documents belonging to the monastry that were destroyed .
The net upward buoyancy force is equal to the magnitude of the weight of fluid displaced by the body .
Dierrey-Saint-Pierre is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The sum of zero and a positive number is positive .
The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , established in 1949 , commonly known as China , has control over mainland China and the largely self-governing territories of Hong Kong ( since 1997 ) and Macau ( since 1999 ) .
He lives in Guilford , Connecticut , with his wife and their two children .
Iocaste
Her gold medal was the only medal for Japan at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
He died of a heart attack in 1968 and was honoured with a memorial service at Westminster Abbey , London .
The basic structure of the cathedral church , the parish church , the monastery , the castle , the palace , the great hall and the gatehouse were all established .
Modern art was introduced to the United States with the Armory Show in 1913 and through European artists who moved to the U.S. during World War I.
Northampton Town Football Club ( ) , ( often simply known as Northampton , or by their nickname The Cobblers , after the local shoemaking industry ) are an English professional football club based in Northampton , Northamptonshire .
Like most expansion teams , the Scouts were terrible , garnering only 41 points in their inaugural season .
Suzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Contemporary skepticism ( or scepticism ) is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes ( rev. ed .
The Cassini mission affirmed the former hypothesis , although not immediately .
Over 1,000,000 people come to watch this festival .
The only economic activity of importance is agriculture .
However , In 1874 Assam , including Sylhet , was severed from Bengal to form a Chief-Commissionership and the Lushai Hills were added to it in 1898 ( The Assam Province in 1912 and was reconstituted into a Chief Commissioners ' province ) .
Silba ( ) is an island in Croatia , northern Dalmatia , south-east of Lo inj , between the islands of Premuda and Olib .
As head of the Scottish Government , the First Minister is directly accountable to the Scottish Parliament for his or her actions and the actions of the wider government .
kor-deh-beu-glh ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The problem with using more disks is that it is more likely that one will fail , but by using error checking the total system can be made more reliable by being able to survive and repair the failure .
Starting from a form called Concerto grosso introduced by Arcangelo Corelli , it evolved into the form we understand today as performance of a soloist with\/against an orchestra .
It is named after the Jordanian royal family -- the Hashemites -- and was established by royal decree in 1992 .
The genus is estimated to be about 2.5 million years old , evolving from Australopithecine ancestors with the appearance of Homo habilis .
Niclas Christian Monberg Jensen ( born 17 August 1974 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a former Danish professional football player and current football agent .
History The history of the town only dates back to April 15 , 2003 , when the town was formed from the merger of the municipalities of Neuendorf bei Wilster and Sachsenbande to the municipality of Bredensee .
The origins of Colorado 's name come from the Spanish language , when the Spanish first called the area '' Colorado '' because of its red colored earth .
See also Prince William , Duke of Gloucester External links Duke of Gloucester See also Earl of Gloucester .
Origins The concept arose in antiquity ; it was used by Cicero .
Fierville-Bray is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
St Benedict Biscop was adopted as the City 's Patron Saint in March 2004 .
Paul Alter and Ira Skutch served as directors of Cullen 's version , while Alter and Marc Breslow directed the Rafferty version .
He was also found by Harvard Scholars as one of the best U.S. Governors in 20th century .
Reeds are pre-tuned to individual tones , and each tone is determined according to the size of reed .
Belgium Bohemia Chile Denmark Finland France Great Britain The 1912 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1912 in Stockholm , Sweden .
It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day .
During this period , the Philharmonic became one of the first American orchestras to boast an outdoor symphony series when it began playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan .
He died on 23 November 1966 , at the age of 84 , fifty years after the Easter Rising that first brought him to prominence .
My Mind 's Eye
In 1994 , Arafat received the Nobel Peace Prize , together with Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres , for the negotiations at Oslo .
Logarithmic scales are either defined for ratios of the underlying quantity , or one has to agree to measure the quantity in fixed units .
Clegg 's first major elected position was as a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the East Midlands from 1999 to 2004 .
She taught this to the people and it became widespread .
Where groupname would be a group identifier such as '' note '' , '' nb '' or '' label '' .
Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge and Herbert Hoover were resoundingly elected in 1920 , 1924 , and 1928 respectively .
Her favorite object is her scooter , which she calls '' scoota '' ( she also calls it '' Po ` cooter ! ''
The project spawned many technologies that are widely used today , such as the X Window System and Kerberos .
was a period in the development of human technology in between the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age and the Neolithic or New Stone Age , in which farming appeared .
She is currently the Secretary of State for Wales , and the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the constituency of Chesham and Amersham in Buckinghamshire .
They can move about in hives unmolested because they mimic the scent of the bees .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
Tropical Storm Barry was a rapidly forming tropical cyclone that made landfall on Florida in early June .
Travertine is a terrestrial sedimentary rock , formed by the precipitation of carbonate minerals from solution in ground and surface waters , and\/or geothermally heated hot-springs .
She filed for divorce on grounds of mental cruelty 274 days after the wedding .
Lila Diane Sawyer ( born December 22 , 1945 ) is the current anchor of ABC News ' flagship program , ABC World News .
Whether you include an explicit license statement or not , however , all of your edits on Wikipedia are also licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License and the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License .
He was President of Germany from 1 July 1999 , until 30 June 2004 , and Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1978 to 1998 .
The total number of Spanish speakers is more than 395 million people .
An officer of arms is a person appointed by a sovereign or state with authority to perform one or more of the following functions : to control and initiate armorial matters to arrange and participate in ceremonies of state to conserve and interpret heraldic and genealogical records .
Dawkins is well known for his straightforward criticism of creationism and intelligent design .
Sugar Ray Robinson ( born Walker Smith Jr. , May 3 , 1921 -- April 12 , 1989 ) was a professional boxer .
( commonly known as the United Kingdom , the UK , or Britain ) is a country and sovereign state located off the northwestern coast of continental Europe .
Christians , living under the new covenant , are not under the old-covenant law but able to fulfill its intent through faith in Jesus Christ .
A Heterotroph ( chemoorganotrophy : Greek heteros = another and trophe = nutrition ) is an organism that uses organic substrates to get its chemical energy for its life cycle .
Building codes will then specify the minimum tread size at the walkline .
The project began to see major contributions after 150,000 + articles in the original English Wikipedia and articles in each of seven other languages had been created .
On April 15 , 1947 , Robinson made his major league debut at Ebbets Field before a crowd of 26,623 spectators , including more than 14,000 black patrons .
The Nuremberg -- Ingolstadt -- Munich High-Speed line with 300 km/h operation opened May 28 2006 , and was fully integrated into the rail schedule on December 10 2006 .
A great circle is the largest circle that can be drawn on any given sphere .
Name The moon was named on 16 September 1991 , IAUC 5347 : Satellites of Saturn and Neptune 1991 September 16 ( naming the moon ) after the mythological Pan , who was ( among other things ) the god of shepherds .
The Armenian alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the Armenian language since the year 405 or 406 .
Sensitive information is information or knowledge that might result in loss of an advantage or level of security if revealed ( disclosed ) to others who might have low or unknown trustability and/or indeterminable or hostile intentions .
Castellar is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
You 're destined to sing . ''
Dunwich , England , United Kingdom -- Lost to coastal erosion .
A posthumous name is an honorary name given to royalty , nobles , and sometimes others , in East Asia after the person 's death , and is used almost exclusively instead of one 's personal name or other official titles during his life .
Oxnard is the 121st largest city in the United States , 21st largest city in California and largest city in Ventura County , California by way of population .
They also appeared in the Doctor Who spin-off Torchwood in its fourth episode , '' Cyberwoman '' ( 2006 ) .
His father was a tenor in the choir of the nearby St. Patrick 's Cathedral , and later worked as the Diocesan Registrar of the church .
January 31 , 2004 : The T ky T yoko Line platform reopens underground .
Barry Dickins ( born 1949 ) is an Australian author , artist and playwright .
Ruth Maria Kelly ( born 9 May 1968 ) is a British Labour Party politician , currently Member of Parliament for the Bolton West constituency , though she will stand down as MP at the next general election .
Marco Pantani ( January 13 , 1970 -- February 14 , 2004 ) was an Italian road racing cyclist , widely considered one of the best climbers in professional road bicycle racing .
Launched later than the competing Boeing 707 , the DC-8 nevertheless established Douglas in a strong position in the airliner market , and remained in production until 1972 when it began to be superseded by much larger designs , including the DC-10 and Boeing 747 . The DC-8 design allowed it to hold slightly more cargo than the 707 .
In England until the 18th Century , this day , Lady Day or the feast of the Annunciation , is accounted the first day of the year and hence New Year 's Day .
Mechanical bulls have existed for decades as a training device for rodeo competitors , as they enable a rider of rough stock ( bucking horses and bull riding ) to enhance rodeo performance and refine skills without the risk and unpredictability of a live animal .
, ' , ' , ' and Superman Returns .
Leipziger Land is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Stephen William Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS , FRSA ( born 8 January 1942 ) is a British theoretical physicist .
Principi served as Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs , VA 's second-highest executive position , from March 17 , 1989 , to September 26 , 1992 , when he was named Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs by President George H. W. Bush .
Programme du Gouvernement , Provincial de Kinshasa , 2007 - 2011 Kinshasa ties with Johannesburg for the status of the second largest city in sub-Saharan Africa and the third largest in the whole continent after Lagos and Cairo .
Path of the Furon ( also known as Destroy All Humans !
In 2008 it was published in Serbian .
He was a native of the Isle of Wight who was a convicted smuggler and joined the HBC in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer .
Forsyth County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia .
In addition to Skaggs , Sutton has toured with the Dixie Chicks , Jerry Douglas , Sam Bush , Béla Fleck , Hot Rize , Chris Thile , Tony Rice and others .
of Zonitoides nitidus has dextral coiling .
Colors =
Also each Pathis have their own significance due to the different activities of Vaikundar at each Pathis .
Similarity can also be explained by shared ancestry , as evolution can only work with what is already there -- thus wings were modified from limbs , as evidenced by their bone structure .
Once the United States entered World War II , she was active on the homefront , co-chairing a national committee on civil defense with New York Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia and frequently visiting civilian and military centers to boost war morale .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
A skateboard is typically a specially designed plywood board combined with a poly urathane coating used for making smoother grinds and stronger durability , used primarily for the activity of skateboarding .
US 19 and US 129 also pass through Cherokee County , providing connections to Atlanta ( to the south ) and Knoxville ( to the north ) .
'' Hate ( I Really Do n't Like You ) '' - 3:47
Polymers are studied in the fields of polymer chemistry , polymer physics , and polymer science .
The last Abbasid Caliph at Cairo , al-Mutawakkil III , was taken into custody and was transported to Constantinople , where he reportedly surrendered the Caliphate to Selim I/O. According to Barthold , the first time the title of '' Caliph '' was used as a political instead of symbolic religious title by the Ottomans was the peace treaty with Russia in 1774 .
The UK 's largest British-owned brewery , Greene King , is situated in Bury , as is the smaller Old Cannon Brewery .
Unione Sportiva Lecce or simply U.S. Lecce is an Italian football club based in Lecce , Apulia who play in the Italian Serie A after being crowned Serie B champions in 2009 - 10 .
Decide which people can tell other people what to do
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
Dall 's Porpoise , Phocoenoides dalli
Another useful ( and dangerous ) effect , primarily involving its use in bombs , was that napalm '' rapidly deoxygenates the available air '' as well as creating large amounts of carbon monoxide causing suffocation .
Unofficial mottoes include : '' The glory of God is intelligence '' Nussbaum , Martha .
Mike Schatz is an American voice actor . He is best known for voicing the Plutonian Emory on the popular Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters .
The females give birth to live young ( ovoviviparous birth ) .
The Great Expulsion of the Acadians begins .
In El Gaucho Goofy , American cowboy Goofy gets taken mysteriously to the Argentinian pampas to learn the ways of the native gaucho .
During the short-lived Xin Dynasty , the city was renamed '' Constant Peace '' ; yet after its fall in AD 23 , the old name was restored .
He was the Republican nominee for president in the 2008 United States election .
On stage 9 , Riis rode into the yellow jersey while Ullrich finished 44 seconds back and also into 5th place overall 1 minute 38 seconds from Riis .
Dark Horse publishes many licensed comics , including comics based on Star Wars , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Aliens , Predator and Who Wants to be a Superhero ?
'' Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' is a song by The Beatles , on the Abbey Road album , with Paul McCartney singing lead .
Australian rules football is a particularly popular sport in Alice Springs in terms of both participation and as a spectator sport .
Quabbin Aqueduct , long tunnel , in Massachusetts , United States .
France is one of the founding members of the European Union , and has the largest land area of all members .
History The county was formed in 1777 from Edgecombe County .
Narvi , or Saturn XXXI , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Fan fiction ( alternately referred to as fanfiction , fanfic , FF , or fic ) is a broadly-defined term for fan labor regarding stories about characters ( or simply fictional characters ) or settings written by fans of the original work , rather than by the original creator .
The ninth named storm , fifth hurricane , and second major hurricane of the season , Isabel formed from a tropical wave on September 6 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean .
The series had been canceled in September 2004 at issue eighteen , but due to high numbers of trade collection sales , Marvel revived the series in February of 2005 .
Pitch is a subjective sensation in which a listener assigns perceived tones to relative positions on a musical scale based primarily on the frequency of vibration .
Portnoy 's personal site its famous refrain , '' Where Everybody Knows Your Name '' also became the show 's tagline .
Many people also find out about the news on breakfast television and breakfast radio .
The following information is cached , and was last updated $ 1 .
Saillans is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the ABA or the NBA for the San Antonio Spurs .
In 2004 , the conservatory had around 275 faculty members and 1,400 students .
A lustrous , silvery gray , tetravalent transition metal , hafnium chemically resembles zirconium and is found in zirconium minerals .
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Silvio Sergio Bonaccorsi Barbato ( 11 May 1959 - 1 June 2009 ) was an Italian-Brazilian opera conductor and composer . He died on board Air France Flight 447 .
In his first race , the Australian Grand Prix , Karthikeyan qualified in 12th position .
The current Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is Gordon Brown , who assumed the position in June 2007 .
Mirza married Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik on 12 April 2010 .
There is not yet a consensus as to which of these groups should count as separate species and which as subspecies .
The ladder is very popular with tourists , is beautifully lit at night and a timed run takes place there every year , with people coming from all over the world to take part .
Hurricane Alicia became the last major hurricane ( Category 3 or higher ) to strike Texas until the stronger Hurricane Bret in 1999 made landfall .
Blay ( ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
This was based on an original story by Sinclair Lewis .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
These same principles apply to editors who decide to cease editing under one account and restart under another .
With this single , she became the second Korean , after BoA , to have broken the Oricon chart 's top 20 .
Churdan is a city in Greene County , Iowa , United States .
Floor plans will include notes to specify finishes , construction methods , or symbols for electrical items .
Werner Heisenberg ( 5 December 1901 - 1 February 1976 ) was a German theoretical physicist who made foundational contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory .
UK '' Mark 7 '' ; Germany '' Seventh generation ''
Eagle ( name ) , a family name and given name ( and list of people with that name )
The Commander-in-Chief , India , who reported to the civilian Viceroy of India , Pakistan 's higher defense organization Defence Journal , January 1999 had some 2,000 officers under his command in 1945 .
The Rolling Stones recorded '' Baby Do n't You Do It '' early in their career while Rod Stewart during his early tenure with Steampacket covered '' Can I Get a Witness '' .
During three periods of ethnic identification work after 1949 , professor Fei Xiaotong , Huang Xianfan , Xia Kangnong and a lot of academic masters and scholars from anthropology and ethnic study circles had made their great contributions .
A sea anchor is an unrelated device : a drogue used to control a drifting vessel .
George Roger Waters ( born 6 September 1943 ) is an English rock musician , singer-songwriter and composer .
Sir Donald George Bradman , AC ( 27 August 1908 -- 25 February 2001 ) , often referred to as The Don , was an Australian cricketer , widely acknowledged as the greatest batsman of all time .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency ( eta _ { th } , ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
Roughly 4-5 % of all main belt asteroids belong to this family .
He developed both the tetraethyl lead ( TEL ) additive to gasoline and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , and held over a hundred patents .
The Evolutionary Synthesis : Perspectives on the Unification of Biology , Harvard University Press , 1998 ISBN 0-674-27225-0
Zub is a game written for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum which was published in 1986 by Mastertronic and was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64 with music on all formats composed by David Whittaker .
At the time of European settlement Araluen was described as a broad alluvial valley with many natural billabongs covered with water lilies .
The Sino-Japanese War in 1894 - 1895 occurred in the Far East .
He was later designated an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2005 '' for services to film and the theater '' .
Guebert attended Lutheran Collegiate Bible Institute in Outlook , Saskatchewan , where his team won the six-man Saskatchewan High School Provincial Football Championship in 1998 .
'' Gizeh '' redirects here .
Strategically located at the crossroads of major north-south and east-west trade routes , it has attracted a succession of invaders including Alexander the Great , in the fourth century B.C. Currently , the United States continues the global war on terrorism there .
The modern Labrador 's ancestors originated on the island of Newfoundland , now part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . The founding breed of the Labrador was the St. John 's Water Dog , ( also a founding breed of the Newfoundland ) , a breed that emerged through ad-hoc breedings by early settlers of the island in the 16th century .
The term also describes the four branches of Judaism ( Orthodox , Conservative , Reform and Reconstructionist ) , and describes the two main branches of Islam ( Sunni and Shia ) .
Crancey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
On one show , Abyss was forced to team with Styles in a NWA World Tag Team Championship match against champions Red Shirt Security , with Abyss and Styles winning the title .
During an assignment to rescue Nico and Bianca di Angelo , Annabeth Chase and Artemis , the goddess of the hunt , go missing .
Much of this period was spent writing his opera Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District ; it was first performed in 1934 and was immediately successful , both on a popular and official level .
Stephen Joseph Harper , PC , MP ( born April 30 , 1959 ) is the 22nd and current Prime Minister of Canada , and leader of the Conservative Party .
In 1882 Reclus initiated the Anti-Marriage Movement , in accordance with which he allowed his two daughters to marry without any civil or religious ceremony .
Barbara Pierce Bush ( born June 8 , 1925 ) is the wife of the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush , and served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
Return to the United States On November 1 , 1939 , he set sail for the United States , which became his permanent home .
Romery is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
After the death of Conrad , the city was destroyed by his brother Manfred in 1259 , but soon rebuilt by Charles I of Anjou , its successor as king of Sicily .
Though Mozart touched on various minor keys in his symphonies , G minor is the only minor key he used as a main key for his numbered symphonies ( No. 25 , and the famous No. 40 ) .
Mariska Magdolina Hargitay ( born January 23 , 1964 ) is an American actress , best known for her role as Detective Olivia Benson on the television program Law & Order : Special Victims Unit .
It is hereby expressed as the intent of the Congress that the authority granted by this Act is not to be construed as approval by the Congress of continuing appointments of military men to the office of Secretary of Defense in the future .
The British government defined its current borders in 1923 and entrusted it to the administration of New Zealand .
Abraham '' Bram '' Stoker ( November 8 , 1847 - April 20 , 1912 ) was an Irish novelist and short story writer , best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel Dracula .
Tabriz is located in a valley to the north of the long ridge of the volcanic cone of Sahand , south of the Eynali mountain .
The film was a U.S. box office failure , but went on to become a cult classic , with high rentals and sales business .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
The list is the same as that used in the 2000 season except for Kirk , which replaced Keith .
Jurchen : an extinct language of the Jin Dynasty of China .
Wolong National Nature Reserve houses more than 150 highly endangered giant pandas .
The actual construction of the monument began in 1848 but was not completed until 1884 , almost 30 years after the architect 's death .
In 2007 , Apple released iWork ' 08 , which contained a new spreadsheet application , Numbers .
The unplaced genera are : Tectona , Callicarpa , Hymenopyramis , Petraeovitex , Peronema , Garrettia , Cymaria , Acrymia , Holocheila , and Ombrocharis .
Kwok has also taken part in charitable work . Most notable he received the '' Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award '' in 2003 .
The College Dropout is the debut album of American hip hop artist Kanye West , released February 10 , 2004 on Roc-A-Fella Records .
Official insignia are often protected by law as to allow their use only by people holding a specific office or staff members acting on behalf of such a person .
There was an important pearling industry from the 1860s until about 1970 when it collapsed in the face of competition from the plastics industry .
He is also known for his voice roles on television programs such as Futurama and King of the Hill .
Kathua district is one of 14 administrative districts that comprise the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India .
San Pietro in Montorio is a church in Rome , Italy , which includes in its courtyard The Tempietto ( a small commemorative martyrium ) built by Donato Bramante .
Vortex may also refer to :
The Werra ( ) is a river in central Germany , the right source river of the Weser .
The Aardvark ( Orycteropus afer ) ( : from Africa ) is a medium-sized , burrowing , nocturnal mammal native to Africa .
March January 1 The legislative union of Great Britain and Ireland is completed under the Act of Union 1800 , bringing about the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Murad I ( 1359 -- 1389 ) succeeds Orhan I ( 1326 -- 1359 ) as sultan of the Ottoman Empire .
The first Maya settlements occurred about 1800 BC , in the Soconusco region .
He has been a senior hurricane specialist there since 1987 and is the longest-tenured senior specialist .
The band 's heavy riffing , grunge reminiscent hard rock music found them immediate success in 1992 with the release of their debut album Core .
Judea -- The Jewish Revolt - Vespasian lays siege to Jerusalem , which was captured the following year by Titus Flavius Vespasianus after Vespasian became emperor .
Around 25 thousand people enjoy the fun and several concerts , electronic music tents , and fashion shows .
With a population rate increase of 4.39 % annually the city has become the 3rd fastest growing in Africa ( 9th fastest in the world ) after Bamako and Lagos , respectively .
Thus , the major peculiarities of the ancient Greek political system were ; firstly , its fragmentary nature , and that this does not particularly seem to have tribal origin ; and secondly the particular focus on urban centres within otherwise tiny states .
Commercial and industrial robots are now in widespread use performing jobs more cheaply or with greater accuracy and reliability than humans .
The RAF was formally founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader , Gudrun Ensslin , Horst Mahler , and Ulrike Meinhof .
, now works as a freelance bounty hunter , and is called on by the Galactic Federation to execute missions '' because of her superior skills and sense of justice '' .
They speak the Kalash language , a member of the Dardic family of Indo-Aryan Languages .
Schama 2004 , p. 505 France declared war on Austria ( 20 April 1792 ) and Prussia joined on the Austrian side a few weeks later .
Renewable energy is energy which comes from natural resources such as sunlight , wind , rain , tides , and geothermal heat , which are renewable ( naturally replenished ) .
The disturbance quickly developed into a tropical depression the next day while hugging the coastline .
PowerPoint FAQ pages Frequently Asked Questions on PowerPoint .
The Vegan Society was founded in 1944 by Donald Watson and Elsie Shrigley in order to organize vegetarians who did not consume dairy or other animal products .
Social Integration Programmes ( SIP ) emerged in Summer 2006 to provide a complex and coherent package of services for socially excluded individuals and families . Now it operates in more than 50 municipalities in the Czech Republic .
Police Academy is a series of American comedy films , the first six of which were made in the 1980s .
The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as '' a desert version of Miami 's South Beach '' and as having '' plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene '' .
This was acquired by the Luftwaffe in 1935 and expanded into Fliegerhorst Kaserne .
Titus is about to show mercy when Vitellia offers her confession as the instigator of Sextus 's plot .
It is illegal in modern China to have more than one spouse .
The Post Office Department was the name of the United States Postal Service when it was a Cabinet department .
According to the prevailing theory , a slight imbalance of matter over antimatter was present in the universe 's creation , or developed very shortly thereafter , possibly due to the CP violation that has been observed by particle physicists .
The Burgess Shale Formation , located in the Canadian Rockies of British Columbia , is one of the world 's most celebrated fossil fields , and the best of its kind .
Amazingly , compared to Mab and Perdita , the recently discovered Uranian satellites , it does not seem to be perturbed .
Railway Manufacturing Kilmarnock had one of the earliest tram railways in the world , running to Troon over the ( recently restored ) Laigh Milton viaduct .
After a short ceremony , Her Majesty bought a 5d ticket ( five old pence = 2.08 p ) and traveled to Green Park .
The adjacent precinct was previously known as simply ` Fox Studios Entertainment Precinct ' , however has since been renamed ` The Entertainment Quarter ' or EQ .
Although these dogs are very helpful , the origins of this arrangement are unknown .
It was originally established with former Elf members , though over the years Rainbow went through many lineup changes with no two studio albums featuring the same line-up .
During the festival bonfires were created in honour of the god , into which live fish or small animals were thrown as a sacrifice , to be consumed in the place of humans .
The Red Pine ( Pinus resinosa ) is pine native to North America .
Rushden & Diamonds Football Club are an association football club based in Irthlingborough , Northamptonshire , England .
The capital is Yokohama .
Louder Than Love spawned the EP Loudest Love and the video compilation Louder Than Live , both released in 1990 . Bassist Ben Shepherd replaced previous bassist Jason Everman and the new line-up recorded Soundgarden 's third album in 1991 .
A woman becoming pharaoh was rare , however ; only Sobekneferu , Neferneferuaten , and possibly Khentkaus I and Nitocris preceded her in known records as ruling solely in their own name .
Lucius took the title Parthicus Maximus , and he and Marcus were hailed as imperatores again , earning the title ` imp .
Ludovic Giuly ( born July 10 , 1976 ) is a French footballer who plays as a winger for Paris Saint Germain .
Donkey Kong spawned the sequels Donkey Kong Jr. and Donkey Kong 3 , as well as the spin-off Mario Bros. . A complete re-make of the original arcade game on the Game Boy , named Donkey Kong or Donkey Kong '94 contained levels from both the original Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr arcades .
Macquigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The 2002 Atlantic hurricane season was an average Atlantic hurricane season , officially starting on June 1 , 2002 and ending on November 30 , dates which conventionally limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean tend to form .
Now considered a classic of English literature , Wuthering Heights met with mixed reviews by critics when it first appeared , mainly because of the narrative 's stark depiction of mental and physical cruelty .
Bedfordshire and particularly Buckinghamshire are not usually considered part of the Midlands and are in the administrative regions of the East of England and the South East respectively , a further illustration of the fluidity of the perceived boundaries of the Midlands .
As a result , many Ainu are indistinguishable from their Japanese neighbors , but some Ainu Japanese feels interested in traditional Ainu cultures .
The FSF maintains a list of '' high priority projects '' to which the Foundation claims that '' there is a vital need to draw the free software community 's attention '' .
Selection as governor As Commander of Lares , he was a very appreciated man of the Spanish Catholic Kings and in particular of Queen Isabella .
Sudbury Town , opened June 28 , 1903 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line July 4 , 1932 .
In the Tibetan language , dakini is rendered khandroma which means ` she who traverses the sky ' or ` she who moves in space ' .
A power trio is a rock and roll band format popularized in the 1960s .
Lina Maria Hahne ( born 15 January 1984 ) is a former Miss Sweden titleholder , who was crowned on June 26 after the original winner Isabel Lestapier Winqvist was dethroned from the title .
The Russian folktale '' The White Duck '' also bears some resemblance to the story of the ballet , and may have been another possible source .
Dante mentioned in his Divina Commedia the free town of Pistoia as the home town of Vanni Fucci , who is encountered in Inferno tangled up in a knot of snakes while cursing God , and Michelangelo called the Pistoiesi the '' enemies of heaven '' .
While manual labourers are described in official reports as '' peasants '' , this may be an oversimplification if applied to his parents - his mother was reportedly a voracious reader , and his father a skilled carpenter .
History The district in its present borders was created in 1975 when the former district of Kleve and Geldern was merged with the Rees District towns of Emmerich and Rees and the Moers District municipality of Rheurdt .
Western Oklahoma State College & ndash ; Altus , Oklahoma
It is smaller , seedier , has a higher acidity , a stronger aroma , and a thinner rind than that of the Persian lime ( Citrus x latifolia ) .
portrait by John Singleton Copley , Adams points at the Massachusetts Charter , which he viewed as a constitution that protected the peoples ' rights .
Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick .
He fought in the Gallipoli Campaign that started on 25 April 1915 , when his new division landed at Anzac Cove on the 26th in the Dardanelles , fighting against Turkish defenders on a narrow beach .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
There are a number of different types of substitution cipher .
Blowfish has a 64-bit block size and a variable key length from 1 bit up to 448 bits . It is a 16-round Feistel cipher and uses large key-dependent S-boxes .
Belleu is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Douglas Noel Adams ( 11 March 1952 - 11 May 2001 ) was an English writer and dramatist .
Cockroaches are generally omnivorous with the exception of the wood-eating species such as Cryptocercus ; these roaches are incapable of digesting cellulose themselves , but have symbiotic relationships with various protozoans and bacteria that digest the cellulose , allowing them to extract the nutrients .
Hargicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He is well known as an author and scholar , and his most famous work , Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum ( The Ecclesiastical History of the English People ) gained him the title '' The Father of English History '' .
This phenomenon is sometimes called the Circular Migration .
George B. McClellan
This group collapsed in 1888 and it was not until 1897 that the third Dunedin Choral Society was formed with James Coombs as conductor .
The Arabic Wikipedia ( W k b dy al - Arabiyya or W k b dy , al-Maws a al - urra ) is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia .
It has a bronze-green back , a pale gray chest and belly , and green flanks .
Revista D & ndash ; PrensaLibre.com
Wissant ( from Dutch '' wit zand '' ; equal to English '' white sand '' ) is a seaside commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
These features would eventually be incorporated into the Fortran 90 standard .
On January 1 , 2006 Marchin had a total population of 5,114 .
Though , on the March 29 edition of Raw , after being traded to SmackDown !
Within the six disability categories , athletes are divided according to their level of impairment , in a functional classification system which differ from sport to sport .
Cena won the match and retained the title after pinning Foley following an FU .
At the end of the season , he was named to the First All-Star team for the first time , and won the Vezina Trophy for the third time , tying George Hainsworth 's all-time mark with three victories .
A remix of the song features rapper American hip hop artist Consequence .
Hand car wash facilities , where the vehicle is washed by employees .
Cover art The cover art was designed by Madefire and Alex Lake , and represents maple leaves falling as on the music video .
Gatorade is a brand of flavored non-carbonated sports drinks manufactured by the Quaker Oats Company , now a division of PepsiCo .
How can you contribute to Wikipedia ?
He is a resident of and most directly involved with the United Kingdom , the oldest realm , while also carrying out duties in and on behalf of the other states of which his mother is sovereign .
Similarly , physical trauma is not accepted as a cause for cervical cancer , breast cancer , or brain cancer .
Slutskaya , known for her athletic ability , was the first female skater to land a triple lutz-triple loop combination .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km .
Oklahoma State University - Oklahoma City & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
They currently play in the Northern Premier League Division One South .
Other actors were seriously considered for other roles , including Alan Alda and Sidney Poitier for the President , Judd Hirsch for Leo , Eugene Levy for Toby , and CCH Pounder for C.J.
It moved across the Florida Straits and the Gulf of Mexico , hitting near the mouth of the Rio Grande on August 18 .
Henry Ian Cusick ( born April 17 , 1967 ) is a Scottish-Peruvian actor of stage , television , and film .
Retrieved on 18 March 2009 Nintendo Power listed it as the seventh best Game Boy\/Game Boy Color video game , praising it for its improvements over Super Mario Land and for having impressive visuals for a handheld game .
Traditionally , the opening and closing ceremonies and the track & field competitions are held in the Olympic Stadium .
American Rifle : A Biography , Alexander Rose (/O2009/O) p. 375-376The SAS Training Manual , Chris McNab , (/O2002/O) pp .
After some time of doing gigs around their home town , Steve Beckett of the dance-electronic label Warp Records got hold of one of these records and decided to sign the band to his label .
There will also be a new railway station built that will link to the broader public transport network with options to connect to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
In 1931 the first Deutschlandtour was held , and it is generally agreed upon that the race was exciting and well organised between 1937 and 1939 , the start of World War II .
Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
He was born in Kyoto on April 15 1944 .
Nikolayevsk-on-Amur was occupied in September 1918 by the Imperial Japanese Army as part of Japan 's Siberian Intervention force .
It was founded in 1928 in Egypt by the Islamic scholar and schoolteacher Hassan al-Banna .
There are an estimated 371,900 speakers in Malta of the language , with statistics citing that 100 % of the people are able to speak Maltese , 88 % English , 66 % Italian , and 17 % French , showing a greater degree of linguistic capabilities than most other European countries .
Because the Pacific plate is the largest of all the tectonic plates on Earth , crustal material at its western edge has had a long time since formation ( up to 170 million years ) to compact and become very dense ; hence its great height-difference relative to the higher-riding Mariana Plate , at the point where the Pacific Plate crust is subducted .
The park features typical outback scenery of flat , reddish-brown landscapes .
A rod is the same length as a perch or a pole .
Wario was designed as another antagonist to Mario ( besides Bowser ) , and first appeared in the 1992 Game Boy title ' as the main antagonist and final boss .
West released his debut album The College Dropout in 2004 , his second album Late Registration in 2005 , his third album Graduation in 2007 , and his fourth album 808s & Heartbreak in 2008 .
The free world is a Cold War-era term often applied to or used by non-communist nations to describe themselves .
( transliterated Korean for Jeju Province , short form of Jeju Special Autonomous Province ) is the only special autonomous province of South Korea , situated on and coterminous with the country 's largest island .
Sparta was first founded in 1887 .
A cathedral ( French cathédrale from Lat .
Dutch delegates , along with twenty-seven Reformed representatives from eight other countries , met at this Synod of Dort , where they collectively summarized their views in what was called the '' Canons of Dort . ''
Around the background is a yellow border , and to its left are 2 vertical stripes of equal size in saffron and green , with the saffron stripe closest to the lion .
Harriet Tubman ( born Araminta Ross ; c. 1820 or 1821 -- March 10 , 1913 ) was an African-American abolitionist , humanitarian , and Union spy during the American Civil War .
An electrode through which current flows the other way ( into the device ) is termed an anode .
The Khulna District is a district of Bangladesh .
Generally , '' first shift '' refers to the day shift , with '' second shift '' running from late afternoon to midnight or so , and '' third shift '' being the night shift .
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information .
Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
However , for non-cyclical non-spiral scales such as S , T , and LL 's , the scale width is narrowed to make room for end margins .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
The name Tillamook is a Chinook term meaning '' people of Nekelim ( or Nehalem ) '' and is also spelled Calamox , Gillamooks and Killamook
Nomenclatura can refer to :
Haute couture is made to order for a specific customer , and it is usually made from high-quality , expensive fabric and sewn with extreme attention to detail and finished by the most experienced and capable seamstresses , often using time-consuming , hand-executed techniques .
Jesse E. Moorland , Black minister , community executive , and civic leader from Ohio , United States
The British ( also known as Britons , informally Brits , or archaically Britishers ) are citizens of the United Kingdom , of the Isle of Man , any of the Channel Islands , or of any of the British overseas territories , and their descendants .
On 1 November 1946 he conferred priestly ordination on Karol Wojty a in the chapel of his episcopal residence .
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic comedy film scripted by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Michel Gondry .
A glacier ( pronounced or ) is a persistent body of ice that flows and originates on land .
History Eschelbronn was already mentioned in the year 788/789 in a deed of donation from the monastery of Lorsch .
A range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions ; some ` high oleic ' types contain a higher level of healthy monounsaturated fats in their oil than even olive oil .
It was released on November 24 , 1998 through Elektra Records .
Soullans is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Victorian Certificate of Education ( VCE ) The VCE program will be implemented in 2012 at the Notre Dame Campus when it commences its Year 11 education .
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
Since 2005 , he also has been deputy chairman of the SPD .
They were frequently the predominant herbivore in their environment , and quickly reached large size , from .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN , ) is a non-profit corporation headquartered in Marina del Rey , California , United States that was created on September 18 , 1998 , and incorporated on September 30 , 1998California Secretary of State , Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers .
Ethnologists believe the Kikuyu came to Kenya from Central Africa together with the other Bantu groups .
Open-book accounting is an accounting principle that aims to improve accounting transparency of organizations .
This is usually done by blocking the mouth , partially or completely , or attempting to prevent the tongue , lips , or jaw from moving in the normal patterns of speech .
At the end of the Revolutionary War , Bayard 's property was confiscated by the Revolutionary Government of New Jersey .
It intersects with NY 9G via an interchange before crossing the stream and gradually turning to the east into a relatively rural area .
is a fable and the sixth album by American songwriter and musician Harry Nilsson about a boy named Oblio , the only round-headed person in the Pointed Village , where by law everyone and everything had to have a point .
Santa Ana hurricane Two weeks later , on July 26 , a powerful hurricane hit near Guadeloupe .
A single-disc album of selected tracks from the Original Soundtrack and three arranged tracks , entitled Final Fantasy VII Reunion Tracks , was released separately .
Viel-Arcy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Anna Kavan ( 10 April 1901 - 5 December 1968 ; born Helen Emily Woods ) was a British novelist , short story writer and painter .
Bogdan Ionu Lobon ( born 18 January 1978 in Hunedoara ) is a Romanian goalkeeper playing for A.S. Roma and the Romanian national team .
At this time , the settlement was a trading center for merchants from Edirne , Enos , and Istanbul .
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1966 ( the first American to earn HHOF membership ) and was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1973 .
In 1691 , Lower Norfolk County was divided to form Norfolk County and Princess Anne County .
Argument The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles expressed in the Virginia Resolutions .
The islands were under the control of the Pakistani Navy until 2006 , when the Karachi city government decided to include the island as part of its plans to renovate the city .
The US government 's Plain EnglishPlain Language : Improving Communications from the Federal Government to the Public lacks the strict vocabulary restrictions of the aerospace standard , but it represents an attempt at a more general writing standard .
On 17 September 2007 , they recorded a set for the PBS show Austin City Limits .
Unusually for a large multi-sport event -- the second largest competition by number of countries and athletes participating -- the shooting events were held in the National Shooting Centre in Bisley , Surrey , some 200 m from the main focus of the Games in Manchester .
The Canal was over 30 miles long and was not completed until 1904 .
In March 1617 , Rolfe and Pocahontas boarded a ship to return to Virginia , however , the ship had only gone as far as Gravesend on the River Thames when Pocahontas became gravely ill/O. .
After receiving the news of the important award , Yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in Bangladesh .
Later on October 14 , the system became much better defined , with increasingly organized shower and thunderstorm activity , as conditions in the upper levels of the atmosphere became significantly more favorable .
The Great Seal of the State of Kansas tells the history of Kansas .
Bohuslav Martin ( ) ( December 8 , 1890 -- August 28 , 1959 ) was a prolific Bohemian Czech composer , who wrote six symphonies , 15 operas , 14 ballet scores and a large body of orchestral , chamber , vocal and instrumental works .
In a combined Reward and Immunity challenge Casaya , despite falling back early , won a barbecue and a trip to a local village , as well as the right to exile someone from La Mina .
When she was 15 , her family moved to Rosarito city , Mexico and then to San Diego where she attended Bonita Vista High School and Chula Vista School of the Creative and Performing Arts .
Andrew is a city in Jackson County , Iowa , United States .
These bacteria have the nitrogenase enzyme that combines gaseous nitrogen with hydrogen to produce ammonia , which is then further converted by the bacteria to make their own organic compounds .
SI electromagnetism units -- common units used in electromagnetism .
Nevertheless , Estudiantes obtained the title at the end of the Apertura 2006 .
Bathing is the immersion of the body in a fluid , usually water or an aqueous solution .
Since independence , the city has grown rapidly and now houses nearly half the national population .
In the show , the four colourful Teletubbies play in the cheerful and fun Teletubbyland .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2013th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 13th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 4th of the 2010s decade .
His soldiers prepare to fight the Thessalonian king , Triopas ( Julian Glover ) .
Ernes is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
These particular animals , such as the American Crocodile and Asian brown tortoise , have evolutionary links to the age of the dinosaurs .
A trolleybus ( also known as trolley bus , trolley coach , trackless trolley , trackless tram or trolley ) is an electric bus that draws its electricity from overhead wires ( generally suspended from roadside posts ) using spring-loaded trolley poles .
While holidaying in Greece , her father went deaf in one ear .
It is the largest inland center and the third most populous city in the state .
Having reigned since 9 June 1946 , he is the world 's longest-serving current head of state and the longest-reigning monarch in Thai history .
Much of the economy around Kaltag is based on subsistence hunting and fishing .
are arching shrubs or twining vines in the family Caprifoliaceae , native to the Northern Hemisphere .
Seats in the House of Commons are distributed roughly in proportion to the population of each province and territory .
The Meccan suras are the chronologically earlier suras of the Qur ` an that were revealed at Makkah .
From June 1999 to 2006 , she wrote columns for the biweekly Novaya Gazeta .
A year later , her role as a trans woman in the independent film Transamerica earned her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination , and was praised by many critics .
Rancé is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Klein , R. (/O1999/O) .
While Kirby : Canvas Curse is a platformer , it does not play like a traditional Kirby video game , as it uses the stylus exclusively .
Tottenham ( ) is an urban area of North London , England in the London Borough of Haringey , situated north-east of Charing Cross .
The next few years saw his popularity reach fever-pitch , and he was soon ranked as one of the '' '' .
It appears the first skateboards to reach public notice came out of the surfing craze of the early 1960 's , probably just wooden boards with roller-skate wheels attached .
Kissing can result in the transmission of diseases , including mononucleosis , allergic reactions to nuts and drugs , and herpes , when the infectious virus is present in saliva .
He is one of the most popular 20th century musicians , especially renowned for his poetic insight in Romantic period piano works , particularly those of Chopin and Schumann .
The city additionally is known as the '' First City of Lights '' , being the first place in the Southern Hemisphere to utilise electric street lights .
Urie performs onstage with the other members of Panic and a Las Vegas showgirls dance group .
See more about the Hydraulis and its further development in pipe organ .
Defying the sentence imposed by his captors , he committed suicide with a potassium cyanide capsule the night before he was to be hanged .
The al , lk and disp parameters are optional .
The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to detect , taste , and smell stimuli , as with many other reptiles , with the vomeronasal sense using a Jacobson 's organ , a sense that aids navigation in the dark .
In 1616 , Ralphe Brooke , York Herald , tricked Garter King of Arms , Segar , into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillings .
The town 's most prominent feature is Jacob 's Ladder with 699 steps , built in 1829 to connect Jamestown to the post on Ladder Hill , still used today .
Here , Hannibal forced the Romans , by virtue of his superior cavalry , to evacuate the plain of Lombardy .
Flavigny-le-Grand-et-Beaurain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Their skin is smooth and usually dark-matte , but some species have colorful skins .
It is considered to be a Neopagan faith by some adherents , along with such religions as Wicca and Germanic neopaganism .
Most fuel stations have two storage tanks ( even those offering 3 or 4 octane levels ) , and you are given a mixture of the higher and lower octane fuel for the intermediate grades . Premium is fuel from the higher octane tank , and the minimum grade sold is fuel from the lower octane tank .
Type-A plugs mate only with type-A receptacles , and type-B with type-B ; they are deliberately physically incompatible .
In the opening volumes of the Histoire naturelle Buffon questioned the usefulness of mathematics , criticized Carl Linnaeus 's taxonomical approach to natural history , outlined a history of the earth with little relation to the Biblical account , and proposed a theory of reproduction that ran counter to the prevailing theory of pre-existence .
Baseball Wistert also earned varsity letters in baseball three years and was selected as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference in 1934 .
Portnoy 's personal site its famous refrain , '' Where Everybody Knows Your Name '' also became the show 's tagline .
Private schools may be for children with special needs when the government does not supply for them ; religious , such as Christian schools , hawzas , yeshivas , and others ; or schools that have a higher standard of education or seek to foster other personal achievements .
If it is necessary to operate in the ultraviolet range ( below 400 nm ) then some modifications to the colorimeter are needed .
The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception , a lack of which is called blindness .
Phoenix City Council members are elected to four-year terms by voters in each of the eight separate districts that they represent .
The Kingdom of Great Britain came into being on 1 May 1707 , as a result of the political union of the Kingdom of England ( which included Wales ) and the Kingdom of Scotland .
In computer storage , disk buffer ( often ambiguously called disk cache or cache buffer ) is the embedded memory in a hard drive acting as a buffer between the rest of the computer and the physical hard disk platter that is used for storage .
Beugin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In general , MC members are elected ( in whole or in part ) by the LCs and are often paid a stipend to work as part-time or full-time employees .
link
It was named Museum after the adjacent Melbourne Museum in the State Library of Victoria complex on Swanston Street .
Les Moutiers-en-Cinglais is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He is the only person to host all three major NBC News programs : The Today Show , NBC Nightly News , and , briefly , Meet the Press .
Other releases are a fourth Analogue Bubblebath ; GAK , derived from early demos sent to Warp Records ; and Classics , a compilation album that includes '' Digeridoo '' and the Xylem Tube EP .
Joseph '' Joe '' Manchin III ( born August 24 , 1947 ) is an American politician from the State of West Virginia .
The major families are :
The President of Romania has the right to name the Prime Minister at his discretion after consulting the political parties in the Parliament and if his proposals are turned down by the Parliament two times in 60 days , except for the last 6 months of neither the first or second term , the President can dissolve the Parliament and call for early elections .
Namur ( Dutch : , Nameur in Walloon ) is a city and municipality in Wallonia , in southern Belgium .
In the feudal system investiture was the ceremonial transfer of a fief by an overlord to a vassal .
When a process is stable and does not trigger any of the detection rules for a control chart , a process capability analysis may also be performed to predict the ability of the current process to produce conforming ( i.e. within specification ) product in the future .
An abiding characteristic is the indiscriminate use of violence against noncombatants for the purpose of gaining publicity for a group , cause , or individual .
Both Michael Servetus and Emanuel Swedenborg have been interpreted as being proponents of Modalism .
Three of these families have no current members outside the Caucasus , and are considered indigenous to the area .
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , from the South Australian border almost to Caiguna , use an unofficial time zone - Central Western Standard Time - which is 45 minutes ahead of the official Western Standard Time .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
Chromates can be formed by the oxidation of chromium ( III ) oxide and another oxide in a basic environment :
A boiling tube is essentially a scaled-up test tube , being about 50 % larger in every aspect .
It borders the English ceremonial counties of Shropshire to the north , Worcestershire to the east , Gloucestershire to the south-east , and the Welsh preserved counties of Gwent to the south-west and Powys to the west .
MySQL is officially ( '' My S-Q-L '' ) ,
Platform 11 is currently not in use and is trackless .
This moved many beachfront homes onto public beach , and the Attorney General 's office declared that they were in violation of the Texas Open Beaches Act and forbade the repair or rebuilding of those homes .
Fayet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy northern France .
The Syria national football team is the national team of Syria and is controlled by the Syrian Football Association .
Antlions are a group of insects in the family Myrmeleontidae ( sometimes misspelled as '' Myrmeleonidae '' ) . The most well-known genus is Myrmeleo .
In one well remembered story , Examiner reporter Winifred Black was admitted into a San Francisco hospital and discovered that indigent women were treated with '' gross cruelty . ''
It was founded at the request of General Charles de Gaulle after the German army was driven from Paris during World War II , and took over the headquarters and layout of Le Temps , which was the most important newspaper in France before but whose reputation had suffered during the Occupation .
The Waterford Steam Electric Station , Unit 3 , also known as Waterford 3 , is a nuclear power plant located on a 3,000-acre ( 12-km ) plot in Killona , Louisiana , in St. Charles Parish .
Casual sex or hooking up refers to certain types of sexual activity outside the context of a romantic relationship .
Many outside influences are found in Maya art and architecture , which are thought to result from trade and cultural exchange rather than direct external conquest .
Pakistani -- British relations are the relations between Pakistan and the United Kingdom .
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical , empirical , inductive , and subjective types , while others revolve around holes in evolutionary theory and order and complexity in the world .
A sliding knife is a knife which can be opened by sliding the knife blade out the front of the handle .
When the Count appears , Cherubino hides behind a chair , not wanting to be seen alone with Susanna .
Due to the fact it took place in Montreal , Canada , the event has been dubbed the Montreal Screwjob .
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl ( 10 May 1890 -- 16 October 1946 ) was a German military commander , attaining the position of Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht , or OKW ) during World War II , acting as deputy to Wilhelm Keitel .
The next version of the suite , iWork ' 08 , was announced and released on August 7 , 2007 at a special media event at Apple 's campus in Cupertino , California .
The reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .
Eizo Yuguchi ( born July 4 , 1945 - February 2 , 2003 ) was a former Japanese football player who won the bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
East Pakistan became the independent state of Bangladesh on 16 December 1971 .
After the closure of the penal colony the site was renamed to '' Carnavon '' .
Wire rope is a type of rope which consists of several strands of metal wire laid ( or ` twisted ' ) into a helix .
Football Club Sochaux-Montbéliard is a French football team which plays in the town of Montbéliard .
They hunt fish , squid , and crustaceans .
These included the School of Sciences , School of Business and Management , School of Humanities and Social Sciences , Tsinghua Law School , School of Public Policy and Management , and the Academy of Arts and Design .
Societies usually limited access to their members , and the only common library was the college 's depository collection of federal government publications ( established in 1874 ) that was stored in the original Hinsdale Hall .
Sisley was born in Paris to affluent English parents .
Vonnegut smoked unfiltered Pall Mall cigarettes , a habit he referred to as a '' classy way to commit suicide '' .
Phosphoric acid , also known as orthophosphoric acid or phosphoric ( V ) acid , is a mineral ( inorganic ) acid having the chemical formula H3PO4 .
Denver is the capital and the most populous city of Colorado .
John Glenn became the first American to orbit the Earth on February 20 , 1962 during the five and a quarter-hour flight of Friendship 7 .
Eve Torres is an American dancer , model , and professional wrestler .
On February 4 , 2003 , it was renamed to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro , and officially abolished the name '' Yugoslavia '' .
Aga Khan III was succeeded as ` Aga Khan ' by his grandson Karim Aga Khan , who is the present Imam of the Ismaili Muslims .
The reindeer ( Rangifer tarandus ) , also known as the caribou in North America , is a deer from the Arctic and Subarctic , including both resident and migratory populations .
Bathsheba becomes pregnant .
Egon Krenz ( born 19 March 1937 ) is a former politician from East Germany ( the German Democratic Republic ) , and that country 's last Communist leader .
Blue Jays can make a large variety of sounds , and individuals may vary perceptibly in their calling style .
It stands on a promontory looking out to the Atlantic , which can be seen through a gigantic glass floor with room for 25,000 worshippers .
He won the Tour de Suisse .
Johansson auditioned for Dream Theater after Kevin Moore left the band in 1994Jens Johansson 's Homepage - Interviews but due to many delays by the band in making a decision he instead joined Finnish Power metal band Stratovarius .
Python is a general-purpose high-level programming language whose design philosophy emphasizes code readability .
The genus was named by Linnaeus after the Jesuit botanist Georg Joseph Kamel from Brno , who worked in the Philippines , though he never described a camellia .
The capital of Sabah is Kota Kinabalu , formerly known as Jesselton .
Created by Steve Ryan for Mark Goodson Productions , the first version debuted on NBC on October 27 , 1980 , and ran until April 23 , 1982 .
A precursor to the modern laser microphone , it worked by using a low power infrared beam from a distance to detect the sound vibrations in the glass windows .
These books are usually considerably smaller than a high school or college yearbook .
This hypothesis is supported in part , because some modern humans who live on Flores , the island where the skeleton was found , are pygmies .
Berezovsky studied at the Moscow Conservatory with Eliso Virsaladze and privately with Alexander Satz .
The 9th century is the period from 801 to 900 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Christian/Common Era .
This means that our understanding of the Cambrian biology surpasses that of some later periods .
He has played for the South Korea national team .
Montmirail , in the Sarthe département
Other kinds of dashi stock are made by soaking kelp , niboshi , or shiitake in water for many hours or by heating them in near-boiling water and straining the resultant broth .
The group gives Wales full access to Special : UserRights .
Randy Duane Couture ( ; born June 22 , 1963 ) is an American mixed martial artist , Greco-Roman wrestler , actor , a three-time former heavyweight champion and a two-time light-heavyweight champion of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Later that year he out-sprinted Jan Janssen and the Spaniard Ramon Saez to become world professional champion at Heerlen , The NetherlandsCycling , UK , 9 September 1967 , p5 .
Sutherland was born Kiefer William Fredrick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland in London , England , the son of Donald Sutherland and Shirley Douglas , both of whom are successful Canadian actors .
Regarding the synthesis : '' More than anything else , it was Stebbins ' book , Variation and Evolution in Plants (/O1950/O) , that brought botany into the synthesis .
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties , and most of his best-known works were produced during his final two years .
It became part of the reconstituted state of Brandenburg with German reunification in 1990 .
Kurt Georg Kiesinger ( ; 6 April 1904 -- 9 March 1988 ) was a conservative German politician and Chancellor of West Germany from 1 December 1966 until 21 October 1969 .
Morehead State University is located here .
.
In Spanish , the word alma means spirit or soul .
As with Latin , Greek is used in the process of new word production in modern languages .
Possibly relevant geographical indicators are common words for '' beech '' and '' salmon '' ( while there is no common word for '' lion '' , for example -- the fact so many European words for '' lion '' are similar-looking cognates is due to more recent borrowings ) .
Along with Hovell in 1824 , Hume was part of an expedition that first took an overland route from Sydney to Port Phillip near the site of present day Melbourne .
Matt Leinart was named the Cardinals ' starting QB going into the 2008 off-season , but Ken Whisenhunt stated that it would be very possible for Warner to be the starter before Week 1 of the regular season .
Euclid , Ohio
Vincent James '' Vince '' McMahon Sr. , better known as Vince McMahon , Sr. ( July 6 , 1914 -- May 24 , 1984 ) was an American professional wrestling promoter .
France vigorously opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq , straining bilateral relations with the US and the UK .
He also produced The Verve album A Northern Soul ( 1995 ) , Ash 's 1977 ( 1996 ) and the debut UK album , For God 's Sake for Thai rock star Sek Loso .
For instance , in times of hardship for a population such as a lack of food , juvenile and eventually adult fecundity has been shown to decrease .
Rounders is a 1998 film about the underground world of high-stakes poker .
Aaron Justin Lennon ( born 16 April 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League and the England national team .
While watching Ulong 's fifth straight Tribal Council , it was revealed that Koror will vote again ; this time to give immunity to one of the Ulong and deny the Ulong the right to vote for that player .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
Within the center of the cosmogram and precisely above the ashes of Hughes are the words My soul has grown deep like the rivers .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 36 .
It is the principal city of and is included in the Valley , Alabama Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Gainesville , GA-AL CSA Combined Statistical Area .
Milton Keynes ( , ) , often abbreviated MK , is a large town in Buckinghamshire , in the south east of England , about north-west of London .
An immense crowd gathered in the Champ de Mars to sign the petition .
Copeland was born on October 30 , 1973 in Orangeville , Ontario , Canada , to Judy Copeland , a single mother , who worked two jobs to support her son .
AES has a fixed block size of 128 bits and a key size of 128 , 192 , or 256 bits , whereas Rijndael can be specified with block and key sizes in any multiple of 32 bits , with a minimum of 128 bits and a maximum of 256 bits .
Grand Canyon University , Phoenix
The lignite also made the area the main industrial area of East Germany .
He joined the US Postal Service team in 2002 , and moved to the Phonak Hearing Systems team in 2005 .
However , only those who did n't feel they needed immunity would partake in the food reward while the others competed for immunity .
The Erfurt massacre was a School massacre that occurred on April 26 , 2002 at the Gutenberg-Gymnasium in Erfurt , Germany .
A castle ( from Latin castellum ) is a type of fortified structure built in Europe and the Middle East during the Middle Ages .
The term describes various Christian denominations ( for example , Eastern Orthodox , Anglicanism , and the many varieties of Protestantism ) .
On 3 September 2007 the CSO studio was dropped in a relaunch which saw a small real set built in TC12 .
A member of the race can only be one who is of German blood , without consideration of creed .
He also appeared as second lead in The Delicious Little Devil (/O1919/O) with star Mae Murray .
Castoreum is also used in small amounts to contribute to the flavor and odor of cigarettes .
Littlest Pet Shop is a video game of the Littlest Pet Shop franchise for the PC , Wii , and Nintendo DS .
Software is also sometimes used in a more narrow sense , meaning application software only .
The first grand piano ever taken across the Allegheny Mountains was carted over for Nevin 's mother .
For the similar Latin American channel , see Warner Channel .
It is located to the southeast of Manchester city center .
Despite being a prime , two is also a highly composite number , because it has more divisors than the number one .
A banquet is a large public meal or feast , complete with main courses and desserts .
Noyen-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II divided the country west of the Oder-Neisse line into four occupation zones for administrative purposes during the period 1945 -- 1949 .
They permit re-use of publicly available code for Device Drivers , Web Servers , Firewalls , and other code .
Kinship is a relationship between any entities that share a genealogical origin , through either biological , cultural , or historical descent .
There are many different varieties but it is typically made with meat , seafood or vegetables in a broth seasoned with gochujang , doenjang , ganjang or saeujeot .
After lobbying against participation in the war , he resigned from Congress in 1939 and started a new party , the All India Forward Bloc .
