In July 2005 , Konchesky signed for West Ham United , having made a total of 169 appearances for Charlton in all competitions , scoring six goals , and 15 appearances for Tottenham .
When he was born , his name was Robert Allen Zimmerman , but he legally changed his last name to Dylan .
Year 1703 ( MDCCIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The woolly monkeys are the genus Lagothrix of New World monkeys , usually placed in the family Atelidae .
- Adsur Tero , sur Afrika .
Anita is a city in Cass County , Iowa , United States .
Corey Todd Taylor , ( born December 8 , 1973 in Des Moines , Iowa ) sometimes known by his number # 8 , is an American musician best known as the vocalist of American heavy metal bands Slipknot and Stone Sour .
Gentoo Linux was initially created by Daniel Robbins as the Enoch Linux distribution .
This was necessary as the trains had already worked for nearly fifty years on the London Underground .
' , a soundtrack album to the film
It was impossible , however , to deny the penitent re-entrance into the Church , and Gregory 's religious obligations overrode his political interests .
He is also known as Henry of Oatland .
It became the capital of the South African Republic ( ZAR ) on 1 May 1860 .
Barnes & Noble Nook is an electronic book reader developed by the company , based on the Android platform .
In keeping with the '' Xena '' nickname already in use for Eris , Brown 's team nicknamed the moon '' Gabrielle '' , after the television warrior princess 's sidekick .
Tagged Image File Format ( abbreviated TIFF ) is a file format for storing images , popular among Apple Macintosh owners , graphic artists , the publishing industry , and both amateur and professional photographers in general .
The gill ( pronouncedNot as in a fish 's gill ) is a unit of measurement for volume equal to a quarter of a pint .
His protest against the torture can be found in the record of the witch-trial of Birstein 1597 : '' As the pastor has violently protested against the torture of the women , it has therefore been stopped this time . '' As a consequence Anton Praetorius was dismissed by the count .
Geography and Climate Bloemfontein is located in central South Africa on the southern edge of the Highveld at an elevation of , bordering on the semi-arid region of the Karoo .
During the dry season the water recedes into rivers , creeks and isolated waterholes or billabongs .
The First Baptist Church of Hammond is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond , Indiana .
Blockbusters is an American game show which had two separate runs in the 1980s .
Retirement match 20:48 8 Tenryu and Kitao defeated Demolition ( Crush and Smash ) ( with Mr. Fuji ) .
It peaked at # 3 in the UK singles chart and was released on March 15 1999 .
One who practises archery is typically known as an '' archer '' or '' bowman '' , and one who is fond of or an expert at archery can be referred to as a '' toxophilite '' .
A regular companion of the Doctor for all of series one and series two , Rose also returned in the programme 's fourth series having developed much in the interval .
An establishment in which pharmacy ( in the first sense ) is practiced is called a pharmacy , chemist 's or ( in the United States ) drug store .
Binter Canarias S.A. is an airline based in Gran Canaria , Spain .
Salvador Ballesta Vialco , aka Salva ( born 22 May 1975 ) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a striker .
Kofi headed a team at November 's Survivor Series against Orton 's team of The Legacy , William Regal and CM Punk which ended with Kofi eliminating Punk and then Orton in quick succession to become the sole survivor while Christian eliminated Rhodes and DiBiase earlier .
The town of Gilgit is the capital of Gilgit District .
Although the term monachos ( '' monk '' ) is of Christian origin , in the English language it tends to be used analogously or loosely also for both male and female ascetics from other religious or philosophical backgrounds .
The term is no longer used , as diseases are now classified according to their more fully understood causes .
The name Celia was later retired and replaced by Carmen in the 1974 Atlantic hurricane season .
He also serves as the Minister for Veterans ' Affairs and the Minister for Multicultural Affairs .
The company was founded for the sole purpose of building engines to the Sauber formula one team .
In August 2005 the Italian Wikipedia overtook the Spanish and Portuguese language editions , becoming the 8th largest edition by article count .
Takaji Mori ( born November 24 , 1943 in Fukuyama , Hiroshima , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player and manager .
Individually , or as a suffix in Scotland and in the far northeast of England , the word is pronounced .
You made a fool of everyone '' ) as he was leaving .
Reception Although Flanders has become a caricature of the Christian right , he is still a favorite of many conservative Christian viewers .
Potassium Chromate is a lemon yellow compound that is in the form of a crystalline solid , and it is very stable .
Clarksville , Indiana , in Clark County
Thanatos ' sisters , the Keres , were the spirits of violent death . They were associated with deaths from battle , disease , accident , and murder .
Gibbes , Gilliard , and ladies-in-waiting Lili Dehn and Anna Vyrubova described Anastasia as lively , mischievous , and a gifted actress .
In the book The Very First Light , John Mather and John Boslough complement and broaden the COBE story , and suggest that George Smoot violated team policy by leaking news of COBE 's discoveries to the press before NASA 's formal announcement , a leak that , to Mather , smacked of self-promotion and betrayal .
Once her magic mirror tells her that Snow White is fairer than she is , she immediately enlists Humbert the huntsman to kill her in the woods .
Angel Island Mouse , Peromyscus guardia ?
In Greek mythology , Menelaus ( Ancient Greek : , Menelaos ) was a legendary king of Mycenaean ( pre-Dorian ) Sparta , the husband of Helen , and a central figure in the Trojan War .
Janko Prunk has written over 400 specialized articles , and 15 books , since 1966 .
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison ( July 25 , 1775 - February 25 , 1864 ) , wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison , was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband 's one-month term in 1841 , but she never entered the White House .
Clayton has resided in County Dublin since the time his family moved to Malahide when he was five years old in 1965 .
Career At age 15 , Vengerov won the Carl Flesch International Violin Competition in London , including First Prize , Interpretation Prize , the Audience Prize , and two others .
Baneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The combined team worked on a new project codenamed Whistler , which was released at the end of 2001 as Windows XP .
The prelude is noted for its repeating A-flat , which appears throughout the piece and sounds like raindrops to many listeners .
I-30 runs from Interstate 20 west of Fort Worth , Texas , northeast via Dallas , Texas , and Texarkana , Texas , to Interstate 40 in North Little Rock , Arkansas .
He is frequently seen racing against his brother , Kurt Busch .
The Society also runs the Royal Society Prizes for Science Books .
After the defeat of the Howard government at the 2007 federal election , he was Shadow Minister for Families , Community Services and Indigenous Affairs until he resigned from Malcolm Turnbull 's shadow cabinet on 26 November 2009 in protest against Liberal Party support for an Emissions Trading Scheme ( ETS ) .
Since their execution , the Twenty Martyrs have been a source of inspiration for thousands of young Armenians through out the world , but most especially to those who joined the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party , fought under its banner , and in its ranks worked for the welfare of all Armenians .
Eid ul-Fitr or Id-ul-Fitr ( ) , often abbreviated to Eid , is a Muslim holiday that marks the end of Ramadan , the Islamic holy month of fasting .
Edgar Cayce ( March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 ) ( ) was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
The list of finite simple groups consists of 18 countably infinite families , plus 26 sporadic groups that do not follow such a systematic pattern .
Sometimes , especially in recent years , newly inaugurated presidents have delivered speeches to joint sessions of Congress only weeks into their respective terms , but these are not officially considered State of the Union addresses .
The canton is almost entirely mountainous , comprising the highlands of the Rhine and Inn river valleys .
Another example is the Australian hornet ( Abispa ephippium ) , which is actually a species of potter wasp .
Aalter is a municipality located between Bruges and Ghent in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The name '' Mato Grosso do Sul '' literally means '' Thick Forest of the South '' in Portuguese , a name inherited from its northern neighbor state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until the 1970s .
Wattles have been extensively introduced into New Zealand .
The Northern League , based in Chicago , is an independent baseball league which operates in the Northern United States and the Canadian province of Manitoba , affiliated with neither Major League Baseball nor the organized minor leagues .
The oldest of the children , Sean , was only twelve years old at the time .
After leaving school aged 15 , Collins took the British Civil Service examination in Cork in February 1906 , and was then employed by the Royal Mail from July 1906 .
Oliver Bierhoff ( born May 1 , 1968 in Karlsruhe ) is a retired German former football striker , who scored the first golden goal in the history of major international football , for Germany in the Euro 96 final .
Palak is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of PakistanAdministrative Units of District Abbottabad .
The stage is set for the final book of the Series , Children of the Mind .
March 11 & ndash ; The Frondeurs ( rebels ) and the French government sign the Peace of Rueil .
Popular commercial servers include the Gizmo Project , Nimbuzz and Google Talk .
Chun Doo-hwan ( born January 18 , 1931 ) was a former ROK Army general and the President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988 .
The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team .
Legends about his death immediately sprang up , including the oft-repeated claim that Teach 's headless body , after being thrown overboard , swam between 2 and 7 times around the Adventure before sinking .
In mathematics Forty-five is a triangular number , a hexagonal and 16-gonal number , a Kaprekar number , and a Harshad number .
The Archbishopric of Salzburg was an ecclesiastical state of the Holy Roman Empire , roughly consisting of the present-day state of Salzburg in Austria .
She developed an interest in Japanese Drama and began to teach herself Japanese .
He is dating Tracy ( Mariel Hemingway ) , a 17-year old high school girl .
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra ( TSO ) is a Canadian orchestra based in Toronto , Ontario .
In Britain and Ireland , a roast of meat may be referred to as a joint , or a leg , if it is a leg .
Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Cyperaceae is a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants known as sedges , which superficially resemble grasses or rushes .
However , these services are no longer available , although the former hotel and service station remain standing and are today used as private residences .
Liturgical calendar Roman Catholics , Anglicans , Eastern Christians , and traditional Protestant communities frame worship around a liturgical calendar .
Two years later , Geoff Melton , a former co-host , joined to help set up the show 's website and the show entered syndication with Dixie Broadcasting Radio Network .
The uniform of the HaNoar HaOved VeHalomed is a blue shirt ( Blue collar ) which symbolises the working class , with red lacing which symbolises Socialism .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
References Aike is a lake on the border between Kazakhstan and Russia .
Ritchie Neville ( born Richard Neville Dobson on 23 August 1979 in Solihull , England ) is an English singer most noted for being a member of the successful boyband Five .
According to December 31 , 2005 official estimates , the city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594 , whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million people .
Both parents were keen amateur musicians : his father sang in church choirs and played the cello and his mother sang songs from her native Wales .
The Battle of Princeton ( January 3 , 1777 ) was a battle in which General Washington 's revolutionary forces defeated British forces near Princeton , New Jersey .
Logano became the youngest winner in Sprint Cup Series history when he won the 2009 Lenox Industrial Tools 301 at New Hampshire Motor Speedway at .
His narratives eschewed individual characters and addressed broad social issues , especially class conflict .
Although these dogs are very helpful , the origins of this arrangement are unknown .
In Patra Christianity arrived quite early , approximately in first century A.D./O. During the middle ages Patra was n't a significant town .
City of London Police .
Some software like TeX or Microsoft Windows use the opposite method for diacritical marks , namely positioning the accent first , and then the base letter on its position .
The NHK Symphony Orchestra in Tokyo , Japan began as the New Symphony Orchestra on October 5 , 1926 and was the country 's first professional symphony orchestra .
The genus is widely distributed across North America , Central America , and South America , though most species are confined to particular regions .
Simultaneous multithreading , often abbreviated as SMT , is a technique for improving the overall efficiency of superscalar CPUs with hardware multithreading .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
p. 125 , C.C.W. Taylor , '' Democritus '' , in C. Rowe & M. Schofield ( eds . )
All of the proposals were rejected by the jury .
He bonded with Allen 's son , T.J. , an aspiring rapper who went under the name '' T-Breezy '' , as Allen begun to shop both of their demo CDs around to music labels .
Courbet was allowed to pay the fine in yearly installments of 10,000 francs for the next 33 years , until his 91st birthday .
Harding has been music director of the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra ( 1997-2000 ) , the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen ( 1999-2003 ) and the Mahler Chamber Orchestra ( since 2003 ) .
Ut mine Stromtid also presents some of the local aspects of the revolutionary movement of 1848 .
The rate has changed twice .
They had two sons , Karl Ulrich Schnabel ( 1909-2001 ) who also became a classical pianist and renowned piano teacher , and Stefan Schnabel ( 1912-99 ) who became a well regarded actor .
In the United Kingdom , Atlantic cod is one of the most common ingredients in fish and chips , along with haddock and plaice .
In 2001 , Benson worked with Golden , Terry Moore , and Eric Powell of Dark Horse Comics to create the Buffy the Vampire Slayer : Willow and Tara comic book titled '' WannaBlessedBe '' .
Those teams which have never made it in franchise history are listed by the season that they entered the league , either as a new franchise or when they merged into the NHL from the WHA .
His début album , Life Thru A Lens , was released in September 1997 .
Among the most notable supporters of the reform were Pope Urban II , UWGB.edu Lambert of Hersfeld , and Richard of Verdun .
The default option , however , is to allow the user to return the computer to its previous state when the live CD is ejected and the computer is rebooted .
Services commenced on 28 April 2008 .
Two of those sincere approval votes do not distinguish between any of the candidates : vote for none of the candidates and vote for all of the candidates .
For more details on these series , see British Rail Regional Multiple Unit Numbering .
Susan Featherly is an actress best known for her appearances in Cinemax TV shows and movies such as Kama Sutra , Lady Chatterly 's Stories and Passion Cove .
The first walls were wood and earth palisades built to defend the Roman fort in AD 79 , although these were replaced by stronger stone walls between the 1st and 3rd century .
The formal study of biological temporal rhythms such as daily , tidal , weekly , seasonal , and annual rhythms , is called chronobiology .
The name ` Red Forest ' comes from the ginger-brown color of the pine trees after they died following the absorption of high levels of radiation from the Chernobyl accident on April 26 , 1986 .
Bronislaw Huberman helped Feuermann and his family escape to British Palestine .
An electronic multiplexer makes it possible for several signals to share one device or resource , for example one A\/D converter or one communication line , instead of having one device per input signal .
Like Puccini , Larson explores a Bohemian enclave in a dense urban area , in this case , New York City at the end of the 20th century .
Mudrick portrayed Austen as isolated , defensive , and critical of her society , and described in detail the relationship he saw between Austen 's attitude toward contemporary literature and her use of irony as a technique to contrast the realities of her society with what she felt they should be .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
They have sometimes been perceived as Satanic by casual observers , although their outright lyrical references to Satanism are few and far between , and use of Satanic imagery has arguably always had more to do with the shock value and mythological usage than any seriously-held beliefs .
Mouscron ( ) is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Jane 's needlework was reported to be beautiful and elaborate ; some of her work survived up to 1652 , when it is recorded to have been given to the Seymour family .
The present-day structure opened in 1909 as Karasumori Station ( ) on the Yamanote Line .
and has been described as the most famous public school in the world .
Note : due to the requirement exclusive '' dtend '' in hCalendar , and the accessibility problems that presents when a date is rendered ( as seen without CSS ) as 28 March 1999 ( 1999-03-29 ) or even 28 February 1999 ( 1999-03-01 ) or 31 December 1999 ( 2000-01-01 ) , the Date end template should not be used for whole-day dates and should have a time of 23:59:59 .
The ISO 3166/MA therefore reserves them , so that they are not used for new official codes during a limited or indeterminate period of time , thereby avoiding any transitional problems or conflicts between the ISO 3166-1 standard and those applications .
In May 1997 , Stallone married Jennifer Flavin , with whom he has three daughters : Sophia Rose ( b. August 27 , 1996 ) , Sistine Rose ( b. June 27 , 1998 ) , and Scarlet Rose ( b. May 25 , 2002 ) .
After installation , the user is required to activate his product within 30 days ( 60 days for Windows Server 2008 ) .
Forbes article on Jordan 's illness On December 7 , 2007 , Tor Books announced that Brandon Sanderson had been chosen to finish the Wheel of Time series .
McGraw graduated in 1975 from Midwestern State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology .
A tornado ( often referred to as a twister or , erroneously , a cyclone ) is a violent , dangerous , rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or , in rare cases , the base of a cumulus cloud .
The guest host and storyline matchmaker of the August 24 episode of Raw was welterweight boxing champion , Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who had a match with The Big Show at WrestleMania XXIV the previous year .
Joshua Paul Davis ( born June 29 , 1972 ) better known as DJ Shadow is an American music producer , DJ and songwriter .
Marco Minnemann ( who has played with Paul Gilbert , Terry Bozzio , Chad Wackerman ) was the official permanent replacement for Hannes .
The Canadian Grand Prix ( known in French as the Grand Prix du Canada ) , abbreviated as gpc , is an annual auto race held in Canada starting in 1961 .
Djimi Traoré ( born 1 March 1980 in Laval ) is a French-born Malian footballer who currently as either a left back or center back for French Ligue 1 club AS Monaco .
Raw eggs are whisked to blend the egg white and yolk into a homogeneous liquid .
Alexey Ivanovich Rykov ( ; 25 February 1881 - 15 March 1938 ) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and Soviet politician , Soviet head of the government from between 1924 to 1930 .
This is a list of characters from InuYasha , the manga and anime series by Rumiko Takahashi .
In 1939 he traveled to Argentina to report on Yugoslavia emigrants , and remained there for the next 15 years as a journalist and explorer .
Shock site , a website that is intended to be offensive or shocking to most viewers
Celebrity milestones this week .
The neighborhood is bounded by Broadway on the east , the Hudson River on the west , Houston Street on the south , and 14th Street on the north .
Rachel Renee Smith ( born April 18 , 1985 in Panama ) is an American beauty queen and television personality from Clarksville , Tennessee , who won the Miss USA pageant in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
TNT is a Norwegian hard rock\/glam metal band from Trondheim , formed in 1982 .
In 2003 , India had only two permanent raceways , one in Chennai ( Irungattukottai ) , and Kari Memorial Speedway in Coimbatore .
Although the series originally aired episodes on Saturdays at 8:00 pm EST , and moved to Mondays at 5:00 pm EST .
Having finished his service , he moved to New York , working in several minor jobs before moving to study television production and journalism at the University of Illinois under the G.I. Bill .
Such conditions also delayed the coming of the Neolithic until as late as 5000-4000 BC in northern Europe .
There may be several minimum spanning trees of the same weight having a minimum number of edges ; in particular , if all the edge weights of a given graph are the same , then every spanning tree of that graph is minimum . If there are n vertices in the graph , then each tree has n-1 edges .
The appendix is located near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine .
She suffered from severe cataracts that affected her eyesight .
Condé - en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This incident famously inspired the song '' Smoke on the Water '' .
flax mill , for flax
An approximation of the milliradian ( 0.001 rad ) , known as the mil is used in gunnery and targeting .
They help Lotso to reach an emergency-stop button , but he leaves them to their deaths .
Newsoms is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Stevenson considered that the concept of reincarnation might supplement those of heredity and environment in helping modern medicine to understand aspects of human behavior and development .
Black pudding or blood pudding is a type of sausage made by cooking blood with a filler until it is thick enough to congeal when cooled .
Later , Wales withdrew his support and asked for Essjay 's resignation from his positions with Wikipedia and Wikia .
He made many recordings throughout his career , of solo , chamber , and orchestral music , also as conductor , but Casals is perhaps best remembered for the recording of the Bach Cello Suites he made from 1936 to 1939 .
H. rudolfensis refers to a single , incomplete skull from Kenya .
Mopti is divided into 8 Cercles encompassing 108 communes :
He won the FIDE Grand Prix 2008 - 2010 , qualifying him for the Candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship 2012 .
Paul Dedrick Gray ( April 8 , 1972 -- May 24 , 2010 ) was an American musician , best known as the bassist , songwriter and one of the founding members of the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Slipknot .
Howstuffworks '' 1911 , 1912 , 1913 Chevrolet Series C Classic Six '' Chevrolet first used its '' bowtie '' logo in 1913 .
The non-scripted nature of the characters means that there are an unlimited number of random quests .
Martin was also successful in the Tag team division , becoming a WWF and WCW Tag Team Champion with Booker T.
See also Islamic Architecture List of mosques Sultan Ahmed Mosque Islam in Iran Google Maps Satellite view References Mimaran-i Iran by Zohreh Bozorg-nia .
Alberich returns , driving his slaves to pile up a huge mound of gold .
One of the Maya nations in this area , the K ` iche ' Kingdom of Q ` umarkaj , is responsible for the best-known Maya work of historiography and mythology , the Popol Vuh .
Puerto Viejo ( D.M. )
His posthumous name literally means '' benign virtue '' .
The majority of bodies fall again into the three broad C , S , and X categories , with a few unusual bodies categorized into several smaller types : C-group of carbonaceous objects including : B-type largely overlapping with the Tholen B and F types .
The Maui Hesperomannia ( Hesperomannia arbuscula ) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to the islands of Oahu and Maui in Hawaii .
Choi-Yuk thought he betrayed them and only cared about himself so she ended the relationship .
Guides are compensated with a base stipend plus bonuses for increased traffic ; according to About.com , several guides are averaging over $ 100,000 per year , although the exact number is not disclosed .
Kolektanto de ielarkoj , novels and poems , originally written in Esperanto , Pise : Edistudio , 1992 , 117 pages , ISBN 88-7036-052-0 .
His father and uncle were violinists in London theatre orchestras , notably the Leicester Square Empire , though they had also played at La Scala , Milan , under Arturo Toscanini .
It was created on December 15 , 1818 .
His father is Algerian while his mother is French .
July 29 -- August 2 & ndash ; a large Crimean Tatar -- Ottoman army which invaded Russia is routed in the battle of Molodi
Prince Rogers Nelson ( born June 7 , 1958 ) , better known as simply Prince , is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and actor .
The Coptic Catholic Church is an Alexandrian Rite particular Church in full communion with the Pope ( it is thus part of the larger worldwide Catholic Church ) .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
After shedding their light faun-colored hair , and with the development of their horns , they become mature at 2 to 3 years of age , although the males continue to grow slowly to about age seven .
The club was founded as a gymnastics club on 1 August 1906 with a strong labor union background and for the first forty years its primary interest remained in gymnastics .
The conquest of Constantinople in 1204 fragmented what little remained of the empire into successor states , the ultimate victor being that of Nicaea .
In Marquesas , the prior votes rule was no longer used ; instead contestants who were not immune would pull rocks colored yellow and purple from a sack .
The population was 59,226 at the census in 2000 .
Freddie Mercury ( born Farrokh Bulsara ( Gujarati : ) , 5 September 1946 -- 24 November 1991 ) was a British musician , best known as the lead vocalist and a songwriter of the rock band Queen .
Parpeville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Overview Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire after its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , commonly referred to today as the Byzantine Empire .
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Dinamo Zagreb are the current champions , having won their fifth consecutive title in the 2009 -- 10 season , and are the most successful club with 12 titles overall , followed by Hajduk Split with 6 titles .
subdivision_name2 =
Morris appears on the cover of ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ?
In 1957 , Robinson lost his title to Gene Fullmer .
It lies west southwest of Bristol , north of Plymouth and northwest of the county town of Exeter .
Most medical schools and universities teach medical students from the beginning , even before they set foot in hospitals , to maintain a professional rapport with patients , uphold patients ' dignity , and respect their privacy .
A multivalent nonmetal of the nitrogen group , phosphorus is commonly found in inorganic phosphate rocks .
The company was formed as Lotus Engineering Ltd. by engineer Colin Chapman , a graduate of University College , London , in 1952 .
The CNS is contained within the dorsal cavity , with the brain in the cranial cavity and the spinal cord in the spinal cavity .
His form that season saw him included in England 's preliminary World Cup squad .
It is responsible for Pakistan 's 1,046 kilometer ( 650 mile ) coastline along the Arabian Sea and the defense of important harbors .
In China , Wang Mang crushes a rebellion by Chai I , and on the winter solstice ( which has been dated January 10 of the following year ) officially assumes the title emperor , establishing the short-lived Xin Dynasty .
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality .
Chopstick rests are found more commonly in restaurants than in homes . They come in various shapes and are made from clay , wood , glass , porcelain or precious stones such as jade .
Nothing is known of his parents .
He would simply be '' featured with '' former Queen members .
It is a unitless measure indicative of a surface 's or body 's diffuse reflectivity .
It is said that many of the recipes were actually plagiarised from earlier writers ( including Eliza Acton ) , but the Beetons never claimed that the book 's contents were original .
The Olive ( ) , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin ( the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa ) as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
Discovery and naming Amalthea was discovered on September 9 , 1892 by Edward Emerson Barnard using the 36 inch ( 91 cm ) refractor telescope at Lick Observatory .
The first verse , as originally composed , had an overtly patriotic stance , which typified its pre-first world war era .
folk art , art by traditionally trained , as opposed to academically trained , artists
Life Birtwistle was born in Accrington in Lancashire and in 1952 entered the Royal Manchester College of Music in Manchester on a clarinet scholarship .
Year 1295 ( MCCXCV ) was a common year starting on Saturday
Depending upon the precise definition of the term mud volcano , the Yellowstone formation could be considered a hydrothermal mud volcano cluster .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
Introduced in 1572 , it is one of the first tricolors and the oldest tricolor still in use today .
Wells is a small cathedral city and civil parish in the Mendip district of Somerset , England , on the southern edge of the Mendip Hills .
NSE has also launched the NSE-CNBC-TV18 media centre in association with CNBC-TV18 , a It is the one of the most important stock exchanges in the world .
The medium of his paintings is usually oil on canvas , but Kolkoutine also made a few sculptures and graphic works .
Taluka Municipal Administration Hyderabad ( Rural ) Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas , the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka .
Following the American Revolutionary War , West Florida was ceded to Spain by treaty while the remainder was organized primarily as the Mississippi Territory , and later the Alabama Territory .
Situated in the Carpathian Mountains landscape of western Ukraine , Zakarpattia Oblast is the only Ukrainian administrative division which borders upon four countries : Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , and Romania .
The First Baptist Church of Hammond is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond , Indiana .
The residents of Puebla , a mere east of the volcano , enjoy the views of the snowy and glacier-clad mountain almost all year long .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
David A. Patterson , Garth Gibson , and Randy H. Katz : A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks ( RAID ) .
The ghee ( clarified butter ) from the milk of a cow is used in ceremonies and in preparing religious food .
Colima is a state in western Mexico .
Ashura is commemorated by Shi'a Muslims on the ninth and tenth day of Muharram on the Islamic Calendar .
Today , the term '' BSD '' is often non-specifically used to refer to any of these BSD descendants , e.g. , FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD or DragonFly , which together form a branch of the family of Unix-like operating systems .
In albums such as Blackwater Park , Still Life and My Arms , Your Hearse , all of the songs are unified under a single theme .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
It is the opening track on his album Imagine , released in 1971 .
He held several senior positions in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I , serving as the commander of Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917 .
The gadgets functionality is provided by the MediaWiki extension .
India is located between two major illicit opium producing centres in Asia - the Golden Crescent comprising Pakistan , Afghanistan and Iran and the Golden Triangle comprising Burma , Thailand and Laos .
The continent is generally delimited on the northwest by the Darién watershed along the Colombia -- Panama border , or ( according to some sources ) by the Panama Canal which transects the Isthmus of Panama .
It plays games from ROM-based media contained in small plastic detachable units called cartridges ( sometimes called carts or Game Paks ) .
The Zakarpattia Oblast has a total area of 12800 k and is located in the Carpathian Mountains region of western Ukraine .
HEADING External Links
Faisal Alam is a gay Pakistani American who founded the Al-Fatiha Foundation , an organization dedicated to advancing the cause of gay , lesbian , and transgender Muslims .
Pichilemu ( , ) , previously known as Pichilemo , is a beach resort city in central Chile .
The Baltoro Muztagh lies to the north and east of the glacier , while the Masherbrum Mountains lie to the south .
The two results are widely interpreted as showing that Hilbert 's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all of mathematics is impossible , thus giving a negative answer to Hilbert 's second problem .
Their name is derived from their original five members ( Zax Wang , Jason Hsu , Sam Wang , Rio Peng and band leader Tony Sun ) , working in six entertainment fields ( singing , movies and dramas , hosting , modelling , commercials , and dancing ) .
IP was founded by Syed Shahabuddin in 1989 as a split from the Janata Party , as a protest against the tie-up between V.P. Singh and Bharatiya Janata Party .
is a Japanese company that designs , licenses and produces products focusing on the kawaii ( cute ) segment of Japanese popular culture .
Dimmu Borgir started as a black metal band in 1993 .
In this case , the previous MPs can not be shown , and the previous party column shows the notional winner of the new seat , based on analysis of the 2001 general election result .
An older woman ( the pantomime dame - often the hero 's mother ) is usually played by a man in drag .
Mercury is the innermost and smallest planet in the Solar System , orbiting the Sun once every 87.969 Earth days . The orbit of Mercury has the highest eccentricity of all the Solar System planets , and it has the smallest axial tilt .
Cuirieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Caniformia , or Canoidea ( literally '' dog-like '' ) , are a suborder within the order Carnivora .
Orton defeated Barrett to retain the title , thus ending Cena 's career ( kayfabe ) in the WWE .
Principia Mathematica ( Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy )
In April 2005 , MGA Entertainment filed a lawsuit against Mattel , claiming that the '' My Scene '' line of Barbie dolls had copied the doe-eyed look of Bratz dolls .
Powderfinger is an Australian rock band .
Florence and the Machine collected the Critics ' Choice Award at the 2009 BRIT Awards after coming third in the BBC 's Sound of 2009 . As well as attention from the BBC , Welch received significant support from NME magazine who included her in their annual NME Awards Tour for 2009 , in which she supported White Lies , Friendly Fires and Glasvegas on the tour .
Accommodation in psychology , the process by which existing mental structures and behaviors are modified to adapt to new experiences according to Jean Piaget , in the learning broader theory of Constructivism
All content for the publication is solicited from the PCLinuxOS user base .
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman , GCB ( 7 September 1836 22 April 1908 ) was a British Liberal statesman who served as Prime Minister from 5 December 1905 until resigning due to ill health on 3 April 1908 .
Caption = Schematic drawing of testicle and epididymis .
Signing with Epic Records In 2000 , Modest Mouse released The Moon & Antarctica , their first album on Epic Records .
Of those , ethanol ( C2H5OH ) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages , and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol .
All living things or organisms are made of cells .
The Norway national football team represents Norway in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Norway , the governing body for football in Norway .
It is mostly known to be used by the New York City Police Department ( NYPD ) , the NYPD Transit Bureau ( was called the New York City Transit Police ) and the NYPD Housing Bureau ( which was called the New York City Housing Authority Police Department ) among other law enforcement agencies when they are at work in New York City .
For example , An alternative notation uses large parentheses instead of box brackets : The horizontal and vertical lines in a matrix are called rows and columns , respectively .
The Department of the Treasury is an executive department and the treasury of the United States federal government .
The WWF scheme is broadly similar to Udvardy 's system , the chief difference being the delineation of the Australasian ecozone relative to the Antarctic , Oceanic , and Indomalayan ecozones .
Polygamy can be defined as any '' form of marriage in which a person [ has ] more than one spouse .
Ub Iwerks died in 1971 of a heart attack in Burbank , California , aged 70 .
Bobby Orr of the Boston Bruins won the award for a record eight consecutive seasons ( 1968 - 75 ) .
In 1794 , Humayun Shah , the rival claimant to the throne of Kabul , was captured near Leiah and brought into the town , where his eyes were put out by order of Zaman Shah .
Julian gathers an army of 60,000 men , a fleet of fifty warships and a thousand transport boats .
Upon finishing school , Lindgren took a job with the a local newspaper in Vimmerby .
On August 17 , it was announced that Tigers would be using the Greenbank Sports Academy in Sefton Park as their home venue which holds a capacity for 800 spectators .
After more than two months of heavy fighting and the total destruction of Warsaw he finally managed to control the city .
Homburg is a municipality in the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Clarence Clyde Seedorf ( born 1 April 1976 in Paramaribo , Suriname ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Serie A club Milan .
Krokus is a Hard Rock band from Switzerland .
In the 1990s , Flannery published The Mammals Of New Guinea ( Cornell Press ) and Prehistoric Mammals Of Australia and New Guinea ( Johns Hopkins Press ) , the most comprehensive reference works on the subjects .
The mid-Eocene saw the rise of large creodont and mesonychid predators to ecological prominence in Eurasia and North America ; the appearance of these new predators coincides with the decline of Gastornis and its relatives .
Although lobster skin has been found in the stomachs of lobsters , this is because lobsters will eat their shed skin after molting .
Marching band is a group of instrumental musicians and usually dance teams \/O/ color guard who generally perform outdoors and incorporate some type of marching ( and possibly onto other movements ) with their musical performance .
Willem-Alexander , Prince of Orange ( given names : Willem-Alexander Claus George Ferdinand ; born 27 April 1967 ) , Prince of the Netherlands , Prince of Orange-Nassau , Jonkheer van Amsberg , is the eldest son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands and the heir apparent to the Dutch throne .
More and more quarterbacks depend on halfbacks as a dump-off receiver when primary targets downfield are covered .
Neoprene or polychloroprene is a family of synthetic rubbers that are produced by polymerization of chloroprene .
Current Biology 17 : R832-R833 Some elephant communities have grown so large , in Africa , that some communities have resorted to culling large numbers to help sustain the ecosystem .
In 2004 , the University of Washington 's Information School completed fundraising for the Beverly Cleary Endowed Chair for Children and Youth Services to honor her work and commitment to librarianship .
Calcium bromate , Ca ( BrO3 ) 2 , is a salt of bromic acid and lime .
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein ( & ndash ; ) was a Russian pianist , conductor and composer .
Plumbing was extremely rare until the growth of modern cities in the 19th century .
Naomi Nari Nam ( born July 6 , 1985 in Anaheim , California ) , is an American figure skater who competed in both single skating and pair skating .
It was released November 17 , 2009 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
Le Petit-Abergement is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Bunichiro Abe ( born 2 April 1985 ) is a retired Japanese football player .
Fraga 's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and the subsequent democracy .
The implication is that Bluetooth does the same with communications protocols , uniting them into one universal standard .
Primary agriculture consists of raising livestock , forestry , fishery and the cultivation of cereals , sugar beets , and potatoes .
During the climax Knowles is seen underwater moving upwards slowly in white clothing and when the chorus begins , Knowles opens her eyes .
Other sources include the morality plays and the '' University drama '' that attempted to recreate Greek tragedy .
As an art form , nude photography is a stylized depiction of the nude body with the line and form of the human figure as the primary objective .
It was in 1971 when Knefler had been employed by Bundesliga side Eintracht Braunschweig and signed Franke once again , this time considering decent backup 's for Horst Wolter , Braunschweig 's regular goalkeeper .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution incorporating genetics .
Fortunately , the change in water level was only 25 cm , causing no damage .
Columbus 's daughter Eleanor ( born 1989 ) appeared as the character Susan Bones in the two Potter films he directed , making her one of only two Americans cast as students , along with cousin Robert Ayres ( Boy in Study Hall # 2 in his second Harry Potter film ) .
So in order to be invincible on the streets they had reasonable , but severe and brutal training .
With the opening of the Provisional Theatre in 1862 , the Theatre of the Estates was dedicated to a German ensemble and renamed the Royal Provincial German Theatre .
The strongest storm of the season was Hurricane Ioke , which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson scale in the central Pacific Ocean ; Ioke passed near Johnston Atoll and later Wake Island , where it caused heavy damage but no deaths .
At Hogwarts , Snape is named the new Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor , with Slughorn becoming the Potions teacher .
She is the wife of Iggy Lee , boss of the Panheads , a motorcycle gang who '' struck fear in everyone , even the cops , '' as Max puts it .
He is best known for playing the lead role in the Nintendo GameCube RPG Baten Kaitos Origins , Sagi .
Gladstone was 84 years old - still physically vigorous albeit with failing hearing and eyesight - when he resigned for the last time , making him Britain 's oldest Prime Minister .
The Cordillera Central ( also called Sierra del Cibao ) is the island 's most rugged and imposing feature and is known in Haiti as the Massif du Nord ( '' Northern Massif '' ) .
A shoulder rest generally follows the curve of the shoulder ; some shoulder rests are bendable , others are made of sponge-like material , and a few have an extension that hooks further over the shoulder for stability .
In 1831 , for example , thirty-two-year-old Miss Eleanor Mure presented a handmade booklet styled , '' The Story of Three Bears '' , metrically related , with illustrations locating it at Cecil LodgeCecil Lodge was the country home of Miss Mure 's father , James Mure .
An older woman ( the pantomime dame - often the hero 's mother ) is usually played by a man in drag .
Coffee substitutes are non-coffee products , usually without caffeine , that are used to imitate coffee .
A trough is the opposite of a crest , so the minimum or lowest point in a cycle .
References The Bradleys Head Fortification Complex is a small fort located on the northern side of Taronga Park Zoo that formed part of a total defence system for Sydney Harbour and recalls a period when the colony of New South Wales became increasingly aware of its isolation and wealth .
After the match , both contestants shook each other 's hand and celebrated together .
Monophysitism ( from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' ) , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
It was , however , his work on anaphylaxis ( his term for a sensitized individual 's sometimes lethal reaction to a second , small-dose injection of an antigen ) that in 1913 won him the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine .
Potential amulets include gems , especially engraved gems , statues , coins , drawings , pendants , rings , plants and animals ; even words said in certain occasions- for example : vade retro satana- ( Latin , '' go back , Satan '' ) , to repel evil or bad luck .
Homo antecessor , Homo heidelbergensis and Homo neanderthalensis ) , with males being significantly larger than females .
A year later , cheekily auditioning with the opening soliloquy from Richard III , he caught the eye of star-maker Laurence Olivier who was recruiting promising spear carriers for his new National Theatre Company .
Le Marais-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The seven islands that came to constitute Mumbai were home to communities of fishing colonies .
Smalltalk creators were influenced by the ideas introduced in Simula 67 , but Smalltalk was designed to be a fully dynamic system in which classes could be created and modified dynamically rather than statically as in Simula 67 .
Several different dates have been proposed for Strabo 's death , but most of them conclude that Strabo died shortly after 23 AD .
The project was initiated due to overcrowding at Quarry Bay and persistent passenger complaints about the five-minute walk from the Island Line platforms to the Kwun Tong Line platform .
For example , the civil time on the east coast of the United States is 5 hours earlier than UTC in winter , but 4 hours earlier in summer .
The New York Comic Con is an annual New York City fan convention dedicated to comics , graphic novels , anime , manga , video games , toys , movies , and television .
Accessed January 4 , 2008 .
The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs , with those on the lower part of the stem up to 15 cm long , decreasing in size higher up the stem .
Shortly after , Undertaker performed a chokeslam , followed by a Tombstone piledriver , on Daivari on the casket .
They were the first extraterrestrial species to officially make first contact with Humans , and later became one of the founding members of the United Federation of Planets .
The Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers-produced '' Selfish Girl , '' is the eighth song of the album containing the reggae elements .
In World War II , he served in the German Wehrmacht on the Western and Eastern Fronts .
Dulliken is a municipality in the district of Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
It is estimated that in the early 18th century , the Bald Eagle population was 300,000 - 500,000 , but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the 48 contiguous states of the US .
The world 's first production turbo diesel automobiles were the Garrett-turbocharged Mercedes 300SD and the Peugeot 604 , both introduced in 1978 .
Jet Black is the owner of the Bebop who has partnered with Spike Spiegel for his diverse combat skills .
Mitchell is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
-- 79 ( Jr. .
Seventh Son ( 1987 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
Idaho Falls is a city in and the county seat of Bonneville County , Idaho , United States , and the largest city in Eastern Idaho .
Waltenschwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Four allotropes of antimony are known : a stable metallic form , and three meta-stable forms : explosive , black and yellow .
Luis Antonio Valencia Mosquera ( born 4 August 1985 ) , commonly known as Antonio Valencia , is an Ecuadorian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Manchester United and the Ecuadorian national team .
The image parameter accepts standard wikicode for displaying an image , e.g. : : :
The football team is one of the country 's oldest , most well known , and best performing clubs , with the unique distinction of having played continuously in top-flight German football since the end of World War I ; the team has never been relegated from any top-flight league and is the only team that has always played in the 1 .
It is Gibraltar 's oldest established daily newspaper and the world 's second oldest English language newspaper to have been in print continuously .
This institution sponsored local unions in each county of the state .
Music written in this key is considered exceedingly difficult to read , leading to infrequent use of D-sharp minor as the principal key center of pieces in the Classical era .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
The paper was published in early 1968 , the authors were honoured by IBM , their work was widely welcomed and subsequently improved upon , and cache soon became standard usage in computer literature .
April 11 -- William III and Mary II are crowned as King and Queen of England , Scotland and Ireland .
The Peugeot 306 is a small family car built by the French car manufacturer Peugeot from 1993 to 2002 replacing the 309 . Peugeot gave the 306 many updates and aesthetic changes to keep up the competition but it was replaced by the 307 in 2001 .
Some Inuit languages such as Inuktitut , appears to have a more secure future in Quebec and Nunavut .
The West is published in tabloid format , as is the state 's other major newspaper , The Sunday Times , a News Limited publication .
A half sibling ( half brother or half sister ) is a sibling with one shared biological parent .
The population of Lasbela presents many features of special interest to the ethnologist .
Sir Ernest Alexander Campbell MacMillan , CC ( August 18 , 1893 & ndash ; May 6 , 1973 ) was an internationally renowned Canadian orchestral conductor and composer , and Canada 's only '' Musical Knight '' .
Note that these treatments need to be prescribed and monitored carefully to avoid harmful side-effects such as neuroleptic malignant syndrome with the antipsychotic medications .
A person who prepares baked goods as a profession is called a baker .
Lauren Bacall ( born Betty Joan Perske ; September 16 , 1924 ) is an American film and stage actress and model , known for her husky voice and sultry looks .
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford ( born April 8 , 1918 ) , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
A frame of reference in physics , may refer to a coordinate system or set of axes within which to measure the position , orientation , and other properties of objects in it , or it may refer to an observational reference frame tied to the state of motion of an observer .
Menai Bridge is a small town and community on the Isle of Anglesey in north Wales .
Likewise , all members of the Nesomyidae are often placed in the family Muridae along with all other members of the Muroidea .
Macleans was the first public school in New Zealand to use the Whanau House System - dividing the school up into ` houses ' of about 300 students each , with two classes of 30 or so students for each year level .
Animal Liberation Orchestra ( also known by the initialism ALO ) is a musical group , currently signed on Jack Johnson 's Brushfire Records label .
George Clymer ( March 16 , 1739 -- January 24 , 1813 ) was an American politician and Founding Father .
As in many families at the time , Wesley 's parents gave their children their early education .
The Bald Eagle is a sacred bird in some North American cultures , and its feathers , like those of the Golden Eagle , are central to many religious and spiritual customs among Native Americans .
In May 2005 , there had been 1 AR4 meeting , with no public information released .
Several years after the Indian Mutiny and the consolidation of Great Britain 's power as the governing authority in India , it was decided by the British Crown to create a new order of knighthood to honor Indian Princes and Chiefs , as well as British officers and administrators who served in India .
Chronic malaria is seen in both P. vivax and P. ovale , but not in P. falciparum .
The classification of the great apes has been revised several times in the last few decades .
It was named a World Heritage site by UNESCO in 1978 .
__ NOTOC __
It is a part of classical mechanics and was formulated in Newton 's work Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( '' the Principia '' ) , first published on 5 July 1687 .
The songs are used to advance the plot or develop the film 's characters , but some musical films ( e.g. Down Argentine Way ) simply plop the songs in as unrelated '' specialties '' ( also called '' production numbers '' ) - as with Carmen Miranda 's numbers .
In the 1960s and '70s , the Black Power and Black Arts Movements attacked the novel , saying that the character of Uncle Tom engaged in '' race betrayal '' , and that Tom made slaves out to be worse than slave owners .
Melinda Marie Doolittle ( born October 6 , 1977 ) is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Violet Baudelaire is one of the main characters in the children 's book series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket and appears in all thirteen books .
Griffith 's experiment , conducted in 1928 by Frederick Griffith , was one of the first experiments suggesting that bacteria are capable of transferring genetic information through a process known as transformation .
The designation of a system as an invest does not necessarily correspond to any particular likelihood of development of the system into a tropical cyclone .
and those who had founded the Scottish Party ( which later merged with the National Party of Scotland to found the Scottish National Party ) .
For this reason , King 's alumni are referred to as ` Non Resident Members ' .
It stars Colin Farrell , Kiefer Sutherland , Forest Whitaker , Radha Mitchell , Katie Holmes and was directed by Joel Schumacher .
Naples is a city in Collier County , Florida , United States .
In November 2006 the National Film and Sound Archive released a new digital restoration which incorporated 11 minutes of material recently discovered in the United Kingdom .
It boots from either a CD or a USB flash drive , into a Fluxbox desktop environment .
O'Brian , Patrick (/O1987/O) Joseph Banks : a life Banks is credited with the introduction to the Western world of Eucalyptus , Acacia , Mimosa , and the genus named after him , Banksia .
A silkworm 's preferred food is white mulberry leaves , but it may also eat the leaves of any other mulberry tree ( ie , Morus rubra or Morus negra ) as well as the Osage Orange .
It currently plays in the Eccellenza Lazio .
He led the Mustangs to the league championship series in 1942 - 43 against the Calgary Currie Army team where injuries to the Mustangs ' goaltenders brought him back onto the ice in March 1943 .
No one is supposed to be granted access to classified information solely because of rank , position , or a security clearance .
In botanical terminology , a single daisy or sunflower for example , is not a flower but a flower head -- an inflorescence composed of numerous tiny flowers ( sometimes called florets ) .
A fight between discordance and traditional tonal music is heard in the final movement .
Events of 1688 January -- June March -- William Dampier makes the first recorded visit to Christmas Island .
-571 ) , the 29th emperor of Japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to assign verifiable dates ; Titsingh , pp .
Over time , the water returns to the ocean , where our water cycle started .
The females have the unusual ability to delay birth of their baby until their previous Joey has left the pouch .
Colchester United Football Club is an English football club based in Colchester .
Taxonomy and distribution Population and TrendsBirdLife International ( 2008 ) ( a ) Location Population Trend Australia 630,000 to 725,000 Stable Total 630,000 to 725,000 Stable The Emu was first described under the name of the New Holland Cassowary in Arthur Phillip 's Voyage to Botany Bay , published in 1789 .
Though the single was a success , it failed to achieve a Silver or better sales certification in the UK - unlike the previous 11 British Oasis singles .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
She is coached by the mother/daughter combination of Albina and Irina Deriugina at the Deriugins School in Kiev .
The dough is folded over , sealed on one edge , salted , then fried .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
They were later joined by guitarist Niklas Sundin , bassist Johann Larsson and vocalist Mikael Stanne ( from Dark Tranquillity ) .
Forbes .
The Cloud spans many borders and '' may be the ultimate form of globalisation '' Computers without borders .
The 14m high structure consists a circular tower rising on a quadratic pedestal .
Jupiter pummeled , leaving bruise the size of the Pacific Ocean .
Alfredo Eduardo Barreto de Freitas Noronha , better known as Noronha ( 25 September 1918 -- 27 July 2003 ) , was a Brazilian football player .
Ze ( , ) is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the consonant .
Retrieved September 21 , 2007 Family Tim and his wife Sue live in Tipton , Michigan ( near Tecumseh ) , where they raised their three children , now adults , Matthew , Heidi and Caleb .
During World War II , Horowitz championed contemporary Russian music , giving the American premieres of Prokofiev 's Piano Sonatas Nos. 6 , 7 and 8 ( the so-called '' War Sonatas '' ) and Kabalevsky 's Piano Sonatas Nos. 2 and 3 .
The Chief Joseph Dam and several dams on the Columbia 's tributaries entirely block migration , and there are no migrating fish on the river above these dams .
In telecommunications , dirty paper coding ( DPC ) is a technique for efficient transmission of digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the transmitter .
He is best known for playing the lead role in the Nintendo GameCube RPG Baten Kaitos Origins , Sagi .
Boy ( album ) , by U2
The film stars Michael J. Fox as Marty McFly , as well as Christopher Lloyd , Crispin Glover , Lea Thompson and Thomas F. Wilson .
The publication was founded by Walt Grealis in February 1964 , supported through its existence by record label owner Stan Klees .
Despite having previously worked with him , she teamed up with him again and wrote the duet '' Hate That I Love You '' .
Fulling or walk mills were used for a finishing process on cloth .
Piper advocates Christian hedonism and teaches that '' God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him '' and that God 's highest pursuit ( '' his glory '' ) and man 's deepest and most durable happiness come together in one pursuit -- namely , the pursuit of joy in God .
The herb is known as Banafsa , Banafsha or Banaksa in India , where it is commonly used as remedy to cure sore throat and tonsilitis .
Wiesbaden , together with the cities of Frankfurt am Main and Mainz , is part of the Frankfurt Rhine Main Region , a metropolitan area with a combined population of about 5.8 million people .
He discovered or co-discovered several comets , including 23P/Brorsen-Metcalf and 97P/Metcalf-Brewington ; he also discovered a number of asteroids .
Crossett is the largest city in Ashley County , Arkansas , United States , with a population of 5,518 , according to 2008 Census Bureau estimates .
In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant , a reference to his home town of Pantanaw .
The 6th century is the time from 501 to 600 .
Taiwan-fu was later renamed to Tainan-fu in 1885 when Taiwan was established as a province .
Alexey Ekimyan ( , ) also Alexey Gurgenovich Hekimyan ( April 10 , 1927 -- April 24 , 1982 ) was a famous Armenian-Russian composer , and author of popular songs .
He first demonstrated the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by accurately estimating the age of wood from an ancient Egyptian royal barge for which the age was known from historical documents .
It is known for its beauty , and in particular , as the location of the Sydney Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge .
Frederick Emory Croxton , Dudley Johnstone Cowden and Sidney Klein ; Applied general statistics , page 625Cornelius Frank Dietrich ; Uncertainty , calibration , and probability : the statistics of scientific and industrial measurement , Page 331Alexander Craig Aitken ; Statistical mathematics , Page 95
It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Both American and Asiatic species are considered sister taxa , and are more closely related to each other than other species of bear .
Eventually , hundreds of pupils of all ages were attracted to his teaching methods .
'' Archives de la Bastille '' collected by francais Ravaisson Mollien , printed by Paris : A. Durand et Pedone-Lauriel , 1866-1904 People of high rank were sometimes held there too , and so the prison ( which could only hold a little over 50 people ) was far less sordid a place than most of the Parisian prisons .
In England cut cress shoots are typically used in sandwiches with boiled eggs , mayonnaise and salt .
Production at Miramax was taken over by Daniel Battsek , who formerly was head of Buena Vista International in the UK . Battsek refocused Miramax to produce films of high quality but low budget .
Before the match got underway , Eugene invited Jim Duggan , Doink the Clown , and Kamala down to ringside .
Kansas City is the largest city in the U.S. state of Missouri .
This client , who is actually Jack the Ripper , murders Lulu , and then on his way out kills the Countess as well , who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain falls .
Kip Winger ( born Charles Frederick Kip Winger , June 21 , 1961 , Denver , Colorado ) is an American rock musician , both a member of the hard rock band , Winger , and a solo artist .
Her father , Benjamin Mayson , died when she was young and her mother , Elizabeth Jerram later married again Henry Dorling , who was a widower and had four children of his own .
Barnstaple ( ) is a town in the local government district of North Devon in the county of Devon in the south west of England .
It is used because the addition of salt to water lowers the freezing temperature of the solution and the heat transport efficiency can be greatly enhanced for the comparatively low cost of the material .
Following the September 11 attacks , and a reported increased terrorist threat to the United Kingdom , security has been stepped up again somewhat , with occasional spot checks on vehicles entering the cordon , although not to previous levels .
, )
Martin St. Louis ( ; born June 18 , 1975 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger and alternate captain currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Most broadly , it refers to the entire mountain range with its surrounding hills and the dissected plateau region .
Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Those countries have been burdened with continuing costs for decontamination and health care because of the accident .
On March 30 , 1993 , it was announced that Gil Stein , who at the time was the president of the National Hockey League , had been inducted into the Hall of Fame .
Ernest Coombs was born in Lewiston , Maine , and pursued a career in children 's entertainment after attending North Yarmouth Academy in Yarmouth , Maine .
Jasenovac was a complex of five subcamps spread over 240 k on the banks of the Sava River .
While playing at the University of Minnesota - Duluth , MacIver earned a communications degree and signed as a free agent with the NHL 's New York Rangers upon graduation .
Gomaespuma organises the '' Flamenco pa tos '' festival , the most important Flamenco festival in Spain and also directs a foundation of the same name .
The three soon find the stone within a pirate skull ; as Penny pries the mouth open with a sword , the mice push it out from within , but soon the oceanic tide rises and floods the cave .
Covariant formulation of Maxwell 's equations In special relativity , in order to more clearly express the fact that Maxwell 's equations in vacuum take the same form in any inertial coordinate system , Maxwell 's equations are written in terms of four-vectors and tensors in the '' manifestly covariant '' form .
Samos is the birthplace of the Greek philosopher and mathematician Pythagoras , after whom the Pythagorean theorem is named , the philosopher Epicurus , and the astronomer Aristarchus of Samos , the first known individual to propose that the Earth revolves around the sun .
Giorgio de Chirico ( ; July 10 , 1888 & ndash ; November 20 , 1978 ) was a pre-Surrealist and then Surrealist Italian painter born in Volos , Greece , to a Genoese mother and a Sicilian father .
Founded in 1993 as All Saints 1.9.7.5 , the group consisted of founding members Melanie Blatt and Shaznay Lewis , and sisters Nicole Appleton and Natalie Appleton .
Night bus routes are often related to the day numerical equivalent , normally running the same route but with an extension at either end of the service .
The tropical storm continued to move towards Florida , and became a hurricane only two hours before it made landfall between Hallandale Beach and Aventura on the morning of August 25 .
Prior to being acquired by Henderson Private Equity in December 2006 , John Laing plc was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index .
The Blue Jay can be beneficial to other bird species , as it may chase predatory birds , such as hawks and owls , and will scream if it sees a predator within its territory .
City of London Police .
When scalar multiplication is defined for complex numbers , the denomination complex vector space is used .
By this time Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 had already passed Jupiter and were also en route to Saturn , so it was decided to target Pioneer 11 to pass through the Saturn ring plane at the same position that the soon-to-come Voyager probe would use in order to test the route before Voyager arrived .
Paintings and other pictures of the Adoration of the Magi may include a depiction of the star in some form .
strength1 = ~ .
Books that discuss the subject include ; Roger Abell 's The Black Shields ( a discussion of black policing in New York ) , Greg Faliis ' Just the Facts Ma'am , and Leslie Glass ' novel , A Killing Gift .
The centrosome replicates during the S phase of the cell cycle .
Most notoriously , while accepting the 1997 MTV Video Music Award for '' Best New Artist '' for '' Sleep to Dream , '' she proclaimed : '' This world is bullshit , and you should n't model your life on what you think that we think is cool , and what we 're wearing and what we 're saying , '' referring to the mainstream music industry .
Nomination for Grand Prix des Amériques Dunia 2005 .
In fact entrepreneur Dietrich Mateschitz had purchased a majority share in the team and Fritz Kaiser joined as commercial director .
Mammaliaformes ( '' mammal-shaped '' ) is a clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives .
The first Games were scheduled to be staged in Buenos Aires in 1943 , but World War II caused them to be postponed until 1951 .
The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind , but the mutual self-defense clause was never invoked during the Cold War .
Winter In the 1880s Portishead Dock was acquired by Bristol Corporation , Visit Bristol website and was managed as part of the Port of Bristol until it closed .
A piece of entertainment is a plaything if it is interactive .
The World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Sainte-Ode is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Clarkson rose to fame after winnning the first season of the television series American Idol in 2002 and would later represent the United States in the World Idol competition in 2003 .
When the pure advection equation , which is free of dissipation , is solved by a numerical approximation method , the energy of the initial wave may be reduced in a way analogous to a diffusional process . Such a method is said to contain ` dissipation ' .
The abbey managed to survive other threats to its existence during the Napoleonic Wars , and also in the period following the Nazi Anschluss that took control of Austria in 1938 , when the school and a large part of the abbey were confiscated by the state .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
In Breaking Dawn , Bella and Edward spend their honeymoon on a fictional '' Isle Esme '' , purportedly off the coast of Brazil .
However , there 's no standard on how this should be achieved .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Mito HollyHock .
Prokofiev died at the age of 61 on 5 March 1953 : the same day as Stalin .
Heretic is a fantasy first-person shooter video game created by Raven Software , published by id Software , and distributed by GT Interactive in 1994 .
Hurricane Jeanne was the deadliest hurricane in the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season . It was the tenth named storm , the seventh hurricane , and the fifth major hurricane of the season , as well as the third hurricane and fourth named storm of the season to make landfall in Florida .
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder MediaPowerpuff Girls 10th Anniversary Interview With Creator Craig McCracken Cold Hard Flash : Flash Animation News , Videos and Links by animator Craig McCracken .
In 960 , Bruno I , Archbishop of Cologne transferred St Patroclus 's relics from Troyes and buried them in 964 at St Patroclus 's Cathedral in Soest , where he is still today venerated .
Gisela M. A. Richter , '' The Pheidian Zeus at Olympia '' Hesperia 35 .2 ( April-June 1966:166 -170 ) p. 166f , 170 .
Hengist ( or Hengest ) and Horsa ( or Hors ) are figures of English , and subsequently British , legend , which records the two as the Germanic brothers who led the Angle , Saxon , and Jutish armies that conquered the first territories of Great Britain in the 5th century AD .
Although the view has been shown incorrect , it was the prevalent theory among paleontologists in Cope 's time .
Cave was an astute businessman .
The shape of the administrative area Warwickshire differs considerably from that of the historic county .
Michael Polakovs ( 23 February 1923 - 6 December 2009 ) , born in Riga , Latvia , was a circus clown who performed in the US under the name of Coco the Clown , a monicker that his father , Nicolai Poliakoff , had made famous in Europe .
Papleux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Jaragua Sphaero ( Sphaerodactylus ariasae ) to the 8 m ( 26 ft. ) Green Anaconda ( Eunectes murinus ) .
Overall , '' ... [ a ] verage earnings ranged from $ 18,900 for high school dropouts to $ 25,900 for high school graduates , $ 45,400 for college graduates and $ 99,300 for workers with professional degrees ( M.D. , D.P.T. , D.O. , J.D. , Pharm .
Roquebrune is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1895 the World introduced the immensely popular The Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault , the first newspaper comic printed with color .
Rocks that are rich in kaolinite are known as china clay , white clay , or kaolin .
The Grammar of Vulgar latin is simmilar to classical latin , except in pronounciation and some vocabulary use .
You see , I have been studying metaphysics for years , and I was able by a few questions , by the facts you gave , to check what is right and what is wrong with a whole lot of the stuff I 've been reading .
Mario & Luigi : Partners in Time , known in Japan as Mario & Luigi RPG 2x2 , is a console role-playing game developed by AlphaDream and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console in 2005 .
The tropopause is the atmospheric boundary between the troposphere and the stratosphere .
This was the only department of the U.S. government to be created through presidential reorganization authority , in which the president was allowed to create or reorganize bureaucracies as long as neither house of Congress passed a legislative veto .
If there are several possible choices for disambiguating with a class or context , use the same disambiguating phrase already commonly used for other topics within the same class and context , if any .
While there are not as many organized leagues for women as there are for men , there exist leagues of all levels , including the National Women 's Hockey League , Western Women 's Hockey League , and various European leagues ; as well as university teams , national and Olympic teams , and recreational teams .
The Melbourne rail network is operated by Metro Trains Melbourne under franchise from the Government of Victoria .
He played for the Brazilian national team in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
The family contains well-known species such as Brassica oleracea ( cabbage , cauliflower , etc. ) , Brassica rapa ( turnip , Chinese cabbage , etc. ) , Brassica napus ( rapeseed , etc. ) , Raphanus sativus ( common radish ) , Armoracia rusticana ( horseradish ) , Matthiola ( stock ) , Arabidopsis thaliana ( model organism ) and many others .
Although not the first designated national park , Yosemite was central to the development of the national park idea , largely owing to the work of people like Galen Clark and John Muir .
Venom ( comics ) , a symbiotic alien-life form and arch-enemy of Spider-Man in the Marvel Comics universe .
The cape is named after American philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup , who helped finance Peary 's expeditions .
TVGuide.com Melinda Dolittle Biography
Fey is married to Jeff Richmond , composer on 30 Rock .
It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Cooking is the process of preparing food by applying heat .
'' Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' , also known as '' The Simpsons Christmas Special '' , is the first full-length episode of The Simpsons to air despite originally being the eighth episode produced for season one .
The First Division will formally dissolve following the completion of the temporary USSF D2 Pro League 2010 season to make way for USL Pro , which will combine the USL First Division and USL Second Division .
It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005 .
The Province of Palermo ( ; Sicilian : Pruvincia di Palermu ) is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily , an island off the coast of Italy . Its capital is the city of Palermo .
The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm currently consists of two completed phases with the possibility of a third phase some time in the near future . The wind farm is in Benton County , Indiana , near the city of Fowler , IN about 30 m northwest of Lafayette and 90 m northwest of Indianapolis .
The taboo held in several parts of Egypt , against eating certain fish which were considered sacred , was lifted during this time , suggesting that a fish species of the Nile was a totem for Anuket and that they were consumed as part of the ritual of her major religious festival .
AIG 's board of directors announced approval of the loan transaction in a press release the same day .
The 19 cm long , 47 g weight Black-headed Grosbeak is a migratory bird , with nesting grounds from southwestern British Columbia , through the western half of the United States , into central Mexico .
On February 22 , 2011 , Anthony was traded to the New York Knicks in a multi-player deal also involving the Minnesota Timberwolves .
By law the anthem may only be sung with its original Malay lyrics , although there exist authorized translations of the lyrics of the anthem in Singapore 's three other official languages : English , Mandarin and Tamil .
The world , without the illumination of the sun , became dark and the gods could not lure Amaterasu Okami out of her hiding place .
The Rocker is a 2008 comedy starring Rainn Wilson , Josh Gad , Teddy Geiger , Emma Stone , Christina Applegate and Jason Sudeikis .
Ferrous ( Fe2 + ) , in chemical science , indicates a bivalent iron compound ( +2 oxidation state ) , as opposed to ferric , which indicates a trivalent iron compound ( +3 oxidation state ) .
A log cabin is a small house built from logs .
When the Spaniards arrived in 1492 , the native population was estimated to be about 500,000 .
The Nagarkutch were defeated due to lack of weapons .
In this work , the product , according to Lange , of a fanatical enthusiasm for humanity , he sought to demonstrate the indestructibility of matter and force , and the finality of physical force .
The album is the first of two albums representing the sixth Joker 's Card in the group 's Dark Carnival mythology .
He and his lover Cleopatra committed suicide shortly thereafter .
Nicknamed El Arquitecto ( The Architect ) he was noted for his perceptive passing and explosive shot and in 1960 he became the only Spanish-born player to date to be voted the European Footballer of the Year .
Only child , Riyo Mori began dancing at the age of 4 .
Their ancestor Bess of Hardwick had taken one of her four husbands , the Earl of Shrewsbury , to '' take the waters '' at Buxton shortly after he became the gaoler of Mary , Queen of Scots , in 1569 , and they took Mary there in 1573 - she called Buxton '' La Fontagne de Bogsby '' , but stayed at the site of the Old Hall Hotel .
The film was followed by three sequels ; Die Hard 2 in 1990 , Die Hard With A Vengeance in 1995 , and Live Free or Die Hard in 2007 .
He is author of '' The Knight in the Panther 's Skin '' ( Vepkhistkaosani ) , the Georgian national epic poem .
The Scaligeri family loses control of Padua ; Alberto della Scala , music patron of the Italian Trecento , moves to Veronica .
To be hanged , drawn and quartered was from 1351 the penalty in England for men guilty of high treason .
Later versions of the standard include Optimal Asymmetric Encryption Padding ( OAEP ) , which prevents these attacks .
Bates College is a highly selective , private liberal arts college located in Lewiston , Maine , in the United States .
He also perceived global warming as a growing , man-made danger and likened it to the natural development of Venus into a hot , life-hostile planet through a kind of runaway greenhouse effect .
Henry Louis '' Lou '' Gehrig ( June 19 , 1903 - June 2 , 1941 ) , nicknamed '' The Iron Horse '' for his durability , was an American Major League Baseball first baseman .
Several institutions in Bulgaria have been named in Vasil Levski 's honor ; these include the football club PFC Levski Sofia , the Vasil Levski National Sports Academy and the Vasil Levski National Military University .
Station employees , including stockmen , who work at a number of different occupations within their work , are also known as '' station hands '' .
Wheat , poultry , dairy , beef , and pork , as well as an internationally recognised foodstuff and wine industry are primary French agricultural exports .
Since D-sharp minor and its enharmonic equivalent both have key signatures of six accidentals , other considerations dictate the choice of key .
Avoise is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Drum and bass ( also written as '' drum 'n' bass '' and commonly abbreviated to D&B or DnB ) is a type of electronic dance music which emerged in the mid 1990s .
Possible role of bubbles Waves breaking on the shore create a delicate foam composed of bubbles .
In telecommunication , a Hamming code is a linear error-correcting code named after its inventor , Richard Hamming .
Bény is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
However neither of them were able to repay their debts , so these lands became integral parts of Guelders .
New York City remained home to Congress until July 1790 , Allen (/O2001/O) , p. 4 when the Residence Act was passed to pave the way for a permanent capital .
Good fliers like flies or honey bees , or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies , have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives acute vision .
Fedora 10 , codenamed Cambridge , was released on November 25 , 2008 .
The Cornell University ILR School houses the Scheinman Institute on Conflict Resolution , which offers undergraduate , graduate , and professional training on conflict resolution .
Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont ( 2 August 1858 -- 20 March 1934 ) was Queen consort of William III , King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg .
The bases used most often are 10 for the common logarithm , e for the natural logarithm , and 2 for the binary logarithm .
The single has been confirmed by MTV and Fueled by Ramen .
The western part of the prefecture is a region famous for producing ceramics and porcelain , particularly the towns of Karatsu , Imari , and Arita .
Polysaccharides have a general formula of Cx ( H2O ) y where x is usually a large number between 200 and 2500 .
Ferdinand Lassalle ( 11 April 1825 -- 31 August 1864 ) was a German-Jewish jurist and socialist political activist .
When frightened , the crest bristles outwards , brushlike .
At 19 , Lawless became pregnant with Garth Lawless ' child .
Laverne & Shirley ( also known as '' Laverne De Fazio & Shirley Feeney '' in the first season ) is an American television situation comedy that ran on ABC from January 26 , 1976 , to May 10 , 1983 .
John Milton was born in Bread Street , London , on 9 December 1608 , as the son of the composer John Milton and his wife Sarah Jeffrey .
His son became the next Inca without any known dispute after Pachacuti died in 1471 due to a terminal illness , but in future generations the next Inca had to gain control of the empire by winning enough support from the apos , priesthood , and military to either win a civil war or intimidate anyone else from trying to wrest control of the empire .
The album won Best British Album at the 1996 Brit Awards , and won the award for the best British Album of the last 30 Years at the 2010 Brit Awards .
He was born at the Royal Chateau at Fontainebleau , the son of Henry II , King of France ( 31 March 1519 & ndash ; 10 July 1559 ) and Catherine de ' Medici ( 13 April 1519 & ndash ; 5 January 1589 ) .
Ace Frehley is a 1978 solo album from the lead guitarist and vocalist of American hard rock band Kiss .
It was created by Whedon with Buffy writer David Greenwalt .
Jeanne Rij-Rousseau ( June 10 , 1870 -- October 22 , 1956 ) was a French Cubist painter and an art theoretician .
Archie 's first appearance in Pep Comics # 22 on December 22 , 1941 , was drawn by Montana and written by Vic Bloom .
Geyser activity , like all hot spring activity , is caused by surface water gradually seeping down through the ground until it meets rock heated by magma .
Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , the seat of the Unna district .
From childhood he showed a predisposition for drawing , so his uncle apprenticed him to an art restorer .
Youngest of 4 Staal Brothers Steps Away From NHL Yahoo Sports , April 3 , 2009 .
It is bounded on the north by Surrey , east by Kent , south by the English Channel , and west by Hampshire , and is divided for local government into West Sussex and East Sussex and the City of Brighton and Hove .
Mitte encompasses Berlin 's historic core and includes some of the most important tourist sites of Berlin ( like the Museum Island , Brandenburg Gate , Unter den Linden and the Reichstag among others ) , most of which were in former East Berlin .
The firm also engages in proprietary trading and private equity deals , and is a primary dealer in the United States Treasury security market .
The seal is inscribed with a stylised calligraphic rendition of the Chinese character ( j ng , meaning ` capital ' , from the name of the host city ) in the form of a dancing figure .
People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , Nepal , and Bhutan to the north ; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east .
International Criminal Court , 1 February 2007 .
Mountain Brook has been listed as one of the 10 wealthiest communities in the United States based on a 2008 survey that calculates wealth above the regular census limit .
This prompted a new boom in elephant gun development and calibers such as the .416 Weatherby Magnum and .416 Remington Magnum arrived in factory offerings .
The Benelux Secretary-General is located in Brussels .
Fundamental tenets According to E.S. Drower , the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features , which appear in various forms in other gnostic sects : A supreme formless Entity , the expression of which in time and space is creation of spiritual , etheric , and material worlds and beings .
On 30 June , the Immortal Seven secretly requested William- then in the Netherlands with Mary- to come to England with an army to depose James .
Foussais-Payr é is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Career Blake gained a reputation as a reliable and humorous illustrator of over 300 children 's books .
For authors who define intervals as subsets of the real numbers , those notations are either meaningless , or equivalent to the open variants .
There is no evidence that Wills played Marn Grook , an Aboriginal game alleged to have similar rules to the first football codes with members of a nearby community as a boy ; however , the connection may have had some influence .
Palak UC is subdivided into the following areas : Arwar , Darwaza , Kala Bon , Longal , Malkot , Palak , Riala ( Riyala ) and Soorjal ( Surajaal ) Palak Union Council .
Thus , FOX told Whedon on a Friday afternoon that he had to submit a new pilot script on Monday morning or the show would not be picked up .
A farmer and seaman represent the traditional reliance on agriculture and the sea by the state .
Worldwide , breast cancer comprises 10.4 % of all cancer incidence among women , making it the most common type of non-skin cancer in women and the fifth most common cause of cancer death .
From there Tyndale moved the publishing process to Worms where the first recorded complete edition of his New Testament was published in 1526 .
Memphis was also known in Ancient Egypt as Ankh Tawy ( '' That which binds the Two Lands '' ) , thus stressing the strategic position of the city between Upper and Lower Egypt .
There is a local campaign for platforms for the Victoria Line to be built at Northumberland Park stationalwaystouchout.com - Victoria Line to Northumberland Park .
Goidelic , including Irish , Scottish Gaelic , and Manx .
When a muscle atrophies , this leads to muscle weakness , since the ability to exert force is related to mass/O. .
But the Senate is elected on a basis of equality among the States : all States elect 12 Senators , regardless of population .
Maidenhead is a town within the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead , in Berkshire , England .
Atlas , named for the Atlas of Greek mythology and the contractor 's parent Atlas Corporation , got its start in 1946 with the award of an Army Air Forces research contract to Consolidated Vultee Aircraft ( later Convair ) for the study of a 1,500 to 5,000 mi .
Steel elements are repaired by welding , usually with stainless steel rods .
Undated The first book in the Lithuanian language is printed ( author , Martynas Mazvydas ) .
It is conventional to state that the first movements of concertos from the Classical period onwards follow the structure of sonata form .
Corner Gas is a Canadian television sitcom series created by Brent Butt .
The song also derives genres from R&B as well as soul , while sampling Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers ' song '' Searching for Soul '' , written by Chuck Middleton .
The emblem of Yorkshire is the white rose of the English royal House of York , and the most commonly used flag representative of Yorkshire is the White Rose on a dark blue background , which after years of use , was recognized by the Flag Institute on 29 July 2008 . Yorkshire Day , held on 1 August , is a celebration of the general culture of Yorkshire , ranging from its history to its own dialect .
Joscelin I succeeds Baldwin of Le Bourg as Count of Edessa .
Microdon larvae are more or less restricted in their ant host species .
Declination in astronomy is comparable to geographic latitude , but projected onto the celestial sphere . Declination is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator .
In 1971 , he made a cello out of three television sets stacked up on top of each other and some cello strings .
They are usually used to construct connective tissues , tendons , bone matrix and muscle fiber .
fr ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Major Oak is a huge oak tree near the village of Edwinstowe in the heart of Sherwood Forest , Nottinghamshire , England .
along with a version with alternate artwork .
It operates through a branch-based structure with additional networks for identity or campaigning groups , as well as accepting open platforms who are allowed to organise within the party .
The first fiberglass Baja kit ( bug eye kit ) was not introduced until 1969 by the Miller-Havens company .
In law :
Chatham County is a county located in thy U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1841 Braidwood Farm had 141 residents .
Veurne proper is the largest center and has the largest population .
Quantum leap of kimchi According to the Jungbo Sallim geongje ( , 1765 ) , gochujang was made by adding powdered red chili peppers and glutinous rice powder to soybean paste , and aging this paste under the sun .
This design process is called the implementation .
Abolitionism was a movement to end the slave trade and emancipate slaves in western Europe and the Americas .
Of the second , more familiar triad , associated with Aphrodite is their origins as emblems of times of life and growth , , Thallo ( , literally '' the one who brings blossoms '' ) ( or Thalatte ) was the goddess of spring , buds and blooms , a protector of youth .
They groom themselves by licking their fur , employing these papillae and saliva .
Arminius , also known as Armin or Hermann ( b. 18 BC\/17 BC in Magna Germania ; d. AD 21 in Germania ) was a chieftain of the Cherusci who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest .
October 25 & ndash ; Charles FitzRoy , 2nd Duke of Grafton , British politician ( d. 1757 )
Front-wheel drive In British English , the term '' drive shaft '' is restricted to a transverse shaft that transmits power to the wheels , especially the front wheels .
The 36th Ryder Cup Matches were held 22 -- 24 September 2006 at The K Club , Straffan , Co. .
Punta de Lobo 's beach length and its locations makes it available for bathing and shore fishing .
Sterile neutrinos may mix with ordinary neutrinos via a Dirac mass/O. .
Serfdom reached Eastern European countries later than Western Europe - it became dominant around the 15th century .
The Battle of Salamis ( September 29 , 480 BC ) was won by the Greek fleet .
Denis Charles Scott Compton CBE ( 23 May 1918 in Hendon , Middlesex - 23 April 1997 in Windsor , Berkshire ) was an English cricketer who played in 78 Test matches , and a footballer .
The city of Aberdeen is chartered by William the Lion .
In comparison , his adulthood , especially the week before his death , is well documented in the Gospels contained within the New Testament .
The road has three current spur routes : I-287 connects with its parent in a 19-mile ( 31 km ) long concurrency near the southern end of the highway , with I-87 signed as south -- north , and I-287 signed as east -- west .
One other major achievement during his time was the move of the CBSO from its former venue , the Town Hall , to a newly built concert hall , Symphony Hall , in 1991 .
In the Middle Ages it was a possession of the Aldobrandeschi family , who held it until the 14th century , when it was acquired by the city of Orvieto .
In their first appearance in The Tomb of the Cybermen , they resembled oversized metallic silverfish and had segmented bodies with hair-like tactile sensor probes along the base of their heads , which were topped with crystalline eyes .
In 2000 , this was released as Windows Millennium Edition ( Windows Me ) .
Chelsea Kane Staub ( born September 15 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer .
Wren designed 55 of 87 London churches after the Great fire of London in 1666 , including St Paul 's Cathedral in 1710 , as well as many secular buildings of note .
'' Manatsu no K sen '' Up-Front Works Discography -- Manatsu no K sen was released in May and was a summer tune .
Braye-en-Laonnois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006 and competed against the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Paul di Resta .
A talk show ( American ) or chat show ( British ) is a television or radio program where one person or group of people come together to discuss various topics put forth by a talk show host .
David Andrew Seaman MBE ( born 19 September 1963 in Rotherham , South Yorkshire ) is a former English football goalkeeper who played for several clubs , most notably Arsenal .
The Volvo S80 is a mid-size executive saloon\/sedan from Swedish automaker Volvo Cars , and was introduced in 1998 to take the place of the rear-wheel drive Volvo 960\/S90 saloons in the model range . The Volvo S80 was built at the Torslanda Plant ( Torslandaverken ) in Gothenburg , Sweden .
He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match , and over the following weeks , Kozlov would go on to easily win several matches , first against local talent and then established names including Colin Delaney , Funaki , Nunzio , Shannon Moore , Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , and Domino .
The 1,338 m Fenghuoshan tunnel is the highest rail tunnel in the world at 4,905 m above sea level .
The Pixies are an American alternative rock band that formed in Boston , Massachusetts in 1986 .
Aurora is the Latin word for dawn , the goddess of dawn in Roman mythology and Latin poetry .
The capital is Port Moresby .
Peake was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
At approximate 12 miles in length , it is one of the longest rivers in the Hawaiian Islands .
Some Protestants will picture Jesus in his human form , while refusing to make any image of God or Jesus in Heaven .
Fraktur is a form of black letter that became the most common German black-letter typeface by the mid 16th century .
Of these settlements above , South Yorkshire has three main urban areas : the Dearne Valley which covers Barnsley and surrounding area ; the Sheffield urban area which covers Sheffield , Rotherham and surrounding area ; and the Doncaster urban area which covers Doncaster and surrounding area .
Cosworth increased its association with Ford in 1969 , by developing a double overhead camshaft ( DOHC ) 16-valve inline four cylinder engine for road use in the Ford Escort .
In 1964 he was appointed King Edward Professor of Music in the University of London ( King 's College ) .
Education The school only teaches Years 7 and 8 at the moment , but will expand to educating Year 7-12 by 2013 .
The pair worked on The Dick Van Dyke Show , The Joey Bishop Show , The Danny Thomas Show , and The Lucy Show .
Hooker spent most of the 1960s playing in Chicago clubs with his band , often with Junior Wells .
When prey passes by or stops to drink , a hungry anaconda will snatch it with its jaws ( without eating or swallowing it ) and coil around it with its body .
The Manchester Ship Canal is a 36 m long river navigation in North West England .
Several holly species are used to make caffeine-rich herbal teas .
Strictly speaking , the 10th edition was only a supplement to the 9th edition , just as the 12th and 13th editions were supplements to the 11th edition .
Malta covers just over 300 km in land area , making it one of Europe 's smallest and most densely populated countries .
The game consists of seven worlds , each containing a set of regular levels , a boss fight , and a Warp Star door ( which enables Kirby to travel from world to world ) .
One example is the '' Separate Prison '' system based on Pentonville prison in London .
Her first television role was in 1991 as the voice of Audrey in Little Shop , a series based on the 1986 film Little Shop of Horrors .
Here the term '' races '' is used as an alternative for '' varieties '' and does not carry the modern connotation of human races -- the first use in the book refers to '' the several races , for instance , of the cabbage '' and proceeds to a discussion of '' the hereditary varieties or races of our domestic animals and plants '' .
The orbit of Thule is unusual .
East Slavic , extant : Russian , Ukrainian , Rusyn ( a language or a dialect of Ukrainian ) , and Belarusian
He is one of Australia 's most successful writers .
Population (/O2005/O) : 150,800 within the city limits ; 236,953 for the greater Dijon area .
The forthcoming version 10.6 is named '' Snow Leopard '' .
A teapot is a vessel used for steeping tea leaves or a herbal mix in near-boiling water .
It exists in two parts : a completed highway from Indianapolis , Indiana , northeast to the Canadian border in Port Huron , Michigan , and a mostly-proposed extension southwest to the Mexican border in Texas .
There is little evidence that vanadium or vanadium compounds are reproductive toxins or teratogens .
The depression drifted southwestward because of the influence of two ridges to its north and with warm water temperatures and a favorable upper-level environment it strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma on October 17 .
Shepreth is a small village in South Cambridgeshire .
ElBaradei is currently a member of both the International Law Association and the American Society of International Law .
Early works often use serial techniques ( for example Sinfonia for chamber orchestra , 1962 ) , sometimes combined with Mediaeval and Renaissance compositional methods .
Originally titled Bears , it was the third and final Disney animated feature produced primarily by the Feature Animation studio at Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando , Florida ; the studio was shut down in March 2004 , not long after the release of this film in favor of computer animated features .
He is best known for his Piano Concerto in A minor , for his incidental music to Henrik Ibsen 's play Peer Gynt ( which includes Morning Mood and In the Hall of the Mountain King ) , and for his collection of piano miniatures Lyric Pieces .
The Curtis R. Priem Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center ( EMPAC ) is a multi-venue arts center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York , which opened on October 3 , 2008 .
The Great Dark Spot ( also known as GDS-89 ) is the name given to a series of dark spots on Neptune similar in appearance to Jupiter 's Great Red Spot .
In response to the Actor Rebellion of 1733 , Fielding produced a revised version of The Author 's Farce , incorporating a new prologue and epilogue .
There , he won the bronze medal , which earned him a spot on the French team to the 2002 Winter Olympics , where he placed 14th .
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a list of a small number of kings of Lower Egypt .
A Florence flask ( also known as a boiling flask ) is a type of flask used as an item of laboratory glassware .
The first recorded European discovery of Sydney Harbour , was by Lt James Cook in 1770 - Cook named the inlet after Sir George Jackson , ( one of the Lord Commissioners of the British Admiralty , and Judge Advocate of the Fleet ) .
Another theory that has recently gained support , is that they were brought much nearer to the site as glacial erratics by the Irish Sea Glacier .
A chassis ( plural : '' chassis '' ) ( ) consists of a framework that supports an inanimate object , analogous to an animal 's skeleton , for example in a motor vehicle or a firearm .
The following tables compare general and technical information including the differences in feature sets between popular IRC daemons .
History Bolsover is mentioned in Domesday Book , where it is described as the property of William Peverel ( or '' Peveril '' ) .
Heathrow Terminals 1 , 2 , 3 , opened 16 December 1977 ( as Heathrow Central ) ; renamed Heathrow Central Terminals 1,2,3 on 3 September 1983 ; renamed 12 April 1986 .
league = Ligue 2
Her trademark weapons are the Amazon fighting staff and later , the sais .
Georges Auguste Escoffier ( 28 October 1846 -- 12 February 1935 ) was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s but with higher-powered engines , having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
Del Toro stated that he considers the story to be a parable , influenced by fairy tales , and that it addresses and continues themes related to his earlier film The Devil 's Backbone ( 2001 ) , to which Pan 's Labyrinth is a spiritual successor , according to del Toro in his director 's commentary on the DVD .
The Neotropic includes more tropical rainforest ( tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests ) than any other ecozone , extending from southern Mexico through Central America and northern South America to southern Brazil , including the vast Amazon Rainforest .
WYSIWYG is an acronym for what you see is what you get . The term is used in computing to describe a system in which content displayed during editing appears very similar to the final output , which might be a printed document , web page , or slide presentation .
From Bet Horon to the Sea is one domain .
Equine Reproduction , p. 563 ( Wiley-Blackwell 1993 ) .
iWork integrates with existing applications from Apple 's iLife suite through the Media Browser , which allows users to drag and drop music from iTunes , movies from iMovie , and photos from iPhoto and Aperture directly into iWork documents .
Ruth Ann Buzzi ( born July 24 , 1936 ) is an American comedienne and actress of theater , film , and television .
The hind legs of some beetles , such as flea beetles ( within Chrysomelidae ) and flea weevils ( within Curculionidae ) , are enlarged and designed for jumping .
On the morning of September 16 , the storm began to develop a ragged eye and strengthened to Hurricane Helene .
ICDO =
Thomas Heatherwick was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Arts by Manchester Metropolitan University - his alma mater - on 21 July 2007 in recognition of his design work across a broad spectrum of architecture , engineering and public art , achieving national and international acclaim for his innovative use of materials , his eclectic range of projects , and the resolution of them in new and exciting ways .
A year after winning the Southeast Division , the Thrashers failed to qualify for the playoffs .
This cargo , though profitable , was really just a form of ballast for the fleet as its true purpose was to transport the year 's worth of silver to Europe .
There are only a few hundred known modern forms , but crinoids were much more numerous both in species and numbers in the past .
The total area is 5.57 km which gives a population density of 1,431 inhabitants per km .
Goldfinger ( 1964 ) is the third spy film in the James Bond series , and the third to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond .
In the 21st century , however , some researchers have claimed that the Dasypodaidae is the basal group , the short , wasp-like mouthparts of colletids being the result of convergent evolution , rather than indicative of a plesiomorphic condition .
Shepreth railway station is on the Great Northern Line , the main line between Cambridge and London .
History Before being taken over by the BBC , the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel , at first operated by United Artists Cable and funded by a consortium of British cable operators .
In urban planning , a city square or urban square is a planned open area in a city , usually or originally rectangular in shape .
The trophy for the winning team in the Women 's Chess Olympiad is known as the Vera Menchik Cup .
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl is a first-person shooter video game by the Ukrainian developer GSC Game World , published in 2007 .
In some cases , material that does not somehow further the goals of the project may be removed ( see below ) , as might edits from banned users .
He also spent a year working as coroner for West Clare .
For instance , a Land constitutional court can write its own budget and hire or fire employees , powers that represent a degree of independence unique in the government structure .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
ICD9 =
The APF-M1000 is an early 8-bit cartridge-based game console released in 1978 by APF Electronics Inc. .
Agavaceae is a family of plants that includes many well-known desert and dry zone types such as the agave , yucca , and Joshua tree .
Maine Road was a football stadium in Moss Side , Manchester , England .
The Saint Petersburg Metro ( ) is the underground railway system in Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
The San Francisco Symphony ( SFS ) is an orchestra based in San Francisco , California .
Of the more than one million properties on the National Register , 80,000 are listed individually .
Computer icon , a pictogram used in a graphical user interface
The attack failed and most of the Japanese troops died , the remaining few only surrendered when the Japanese high command ordered them to do so .
The total area is 72.57 km which gives a population density of 491 inhabitants per km .
The three novels are titled Spider Riders : Shards of the Oracle , Spider Riders : Reign of the Soul Eater , and Spider Riders : Quest of the Earthen .
By choosing to load the relevant older revision from the history page , the wiki page can be added to the book in the same way as before , by clicking the '' Add wiki page '' link in the menu on the left .
A ditch is usually defined as a small to moderate depression created to channel water .
Nestorian monk Rabban Bar Sauma begins his pilgrimage from China towards Jerusalem .
The Long War breaks out in Hungary , between the Habsburgs and the Ottomans .
Responding to the drivers ' feedback , FIA race director and safety delegate Charlie Whiting ordered the high kerbs at Singapore 's turn 10 hairpin be modified ahead of Friday 's free practice .
FreeNAS is a free network-attached storage server , supporting : CIFS ( Samba ) , FTP , NFS , rsync , AFP protocols , iSCSI , S.M.A.R.T. , local user authentication , and software RAID (/O0,1,5/O) , with a web-based configuration interface .
Queen 's Counsel ( postnominal QC ) , known as King 's Counsel ( postnominal KC ) during the reign of a male sovereign , are lawyers appointed by letters patent to be one of '' Her ( or His ) Majesty 's Counsel learned in the law '' .
Wilhelmus Marinus Anthonius Jansen ( born 28 October 1946 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch former association football player and manager .
This raised the possibility that God acts in capricious ways , and Job 's wife urged him to curse God , and die .
Sohrab is being kept at Assef 's home where he is made to dance dressed in women 's clothes , and it seems Assef might have been raping him .
She is also known for her trademark double Biellmann spin with a foot change , which she also invented .
His great-grandfather Charles Blair had been a wealthy country gentleman in Dorset who had married Lady Mary Fane , daughter of Thomas Fane , 8th Earl of Westmorland , and he was supported , as an absentee landlord , by a good income from slave plantations in Jamaica .
He joined the French Resistance and was generally unaffected by the Nazis themselves , who allowed him to continue his work without too much interference .
The Kelly Gang arrived in Glenrowan on 27 June forcibly taking about seventy hostages at the Glenrowan Inn .
Andranik Eskandarian ( Armenian : , born December 31 , 1951 ) is an Iranian-Armenian football ( soccer ) player , who played defender for the New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League .
Comox is a town located on the eastern side of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , in the Comox Valley .
Rolling Stone link
Sometimes called The Virgin Queen , Gloriana , or Good Queen Bess , Elizabeth was the fifth and last monarch of the Tudor dynasty .
Ultimately , more than 200 players wore number 42 , including the entire rosters of the Los Angeles Dodgers , New York Mets , Houston Astros , Philadelphia Phillies , St. Louis Cardinals , Milwaukee Brewers , and Pittsburgh Pirates .
The awards were created by Steven H Silver , Evelyn C. Leeper , and Robert B. Schmunk .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , but left a gnomic trailer : '' Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
The clarinet is a musical instrument in the woodwind family .
Existentional issues Publication history The novel was translated into English ( in 1968 ) , French , Spanish and Italian .
The third digit is the number of engines on the Centaur stage , either ' 1 ' or ' 2 ' .
For the first six periods of the periodic table , the noble gases are exactly the members of group 18 of the periodic table .
Neighbouring areas are the City of Westminster and the City of London to the south , Brent to the west , Barnet and Haringey to the north and Islington to the east .
It is not known what name the ancient Olmec used for themselves ; some later Mesoamerican accounts seem to refer to the ancient Olmec as '' Tamoanchan '' .
It is bordered by Sweden in the west , Norway in the north and Russia in the east , while Estonia lies to its south across the Gulf of Finland .
Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses , trains , trams , express coaches and ferries .
Officially named in French Les internationaux de France de Roland-Garros or Tournoi de Roland-Garros ( the '' French Internationals of Roland Garros '' or '' Roland Garros Tournament '' in English ) , the tournament is often referred to as the '' French Open '' and always as '' Roland Garros '' in French .
At the time of his high school graduation , Sizemore was Cascade 's all-time leader in rushing yards with 3,081 yards and interceptions with 16 .
The first boutique in Geneva was opened by Vacheron Constantin in 1906 .
According to Forbes , she is the highest-paid model in the world and also the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment world , Forbes with an estimated $ 150 million fortune .
Sheila Chesed de Almeida Mello ( born July 23 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian dancer , actress and model .
The new game , which he called '' Criss-Crosswords , '' added the 15-by-15 game board and the crossword-style game play .
McIntire is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
In 1988 , Roraima became a state by decision of the National Congress .
On 9 April 1919 , Miss Marcella Sherwood , who supervised the Mission Day School for Girls was cycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the Kucha Kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded .
First released in Japan on October 21 , 1998 , the Game Boy Color ( abbreviated as GBC ) added a color screen to a form factor slightly larger than the Game Boy Pocket .
It was the first film released after the birth of Pakistan , but certainly not the first to be produced indigenously in the newly-found land .
Working as a performer since he was a small child , he was a superstar as a teenager for the films in which he played Andy Hardy , and he has had one of the longest careers of any actor .
Buxton is twinned with two other towns -- Oignies in France and Bad Nauheim in Germany .
A round bottom wok enables the traditional round spatula or ladle to pick all the food up at the bottom of the wok and toss it around easily ; this is difficult with a flat bottom .
Marl is a town and a municipality in the district of Recklinghausen , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The line-up was completed by vocalist Rod Evans and drummer Ian Paice from The Maze .
The Order originally had only one class ( Companion ) , but expanded to comprise two classes in 1887 .
Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE ( born 17 November 1960 in London , England ) is an English film critic and presenter of radio and television .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
Hassocks is a large village and civil parish in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex , England .
At the end of the performance , Timberlake tore off a part of Jackson 's black leather costume in a '' costume reveal '' meant to accompany a portion of the song lyrics .
He was a combat pilot during World War I and directed his first film Der Knabe in Blau ( ` The Boy in Blue ' ) in 1919 .
Boreion Selas is the Greek name for Aurora Borealis , the '' northern lights '' .
Tokelau ( ) is a territory of New Zealand that consists of three tropical coral atolls with a combined land area of 10 km2 and a population of approximately 1,400 in the South Pacific Ocean .
They used the islands as an outpost from which they expanded sea explorations and trade in the Mediterranean until their successors , the Carthaginians , were ousted by the Romans in 216 BC with the help of the Maltese inhabitants , under whom Malta became a municipium .
In the current parliament elected in 2005 there are 16 overhang seats , giving the Bundestag a total of 614 members .
A fish is any aquatic vertebrate animal that is covered with scales , and equipped with two sets of paired fins and several unpaired fins .
Gay can therefore refer to a person who is sexually interested in people of the same sex .
If not , please consider putting one of the four main spelling banners at the header of the talk page : Technical and stylistic questions If you have a question about English grammar , punctuation , or style , you may wish to seek advice at Wikipedia : Reference desk/Language or Wikipedia talk : WikiProject Grammar .
Meier was born in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada .
Finished goods are goods that have completed the manufacturing process but have not yet been sold or distributed to the end user .
As most gases are difficult to observe directly with our senses , they are described through the use of four physical properties or macroscopic characteristics : the gas 's pressure , volume , number of particles ( chemists group them by moles ) , and temperature .
'' W. P. Courtney , ` Huddesford , George ( bap .
Port forwarding , sometimes referred to as port mapping , is the act of forwarding a network port from one network node to another .
On June 6 , 2005 , WWE Champion John Cena switched brands from SmackDown !
This layer is sometimes called sial due to more felsic , or granitic , bulk composition , which lies in contrast to the oceanic crust , called sima due to its mafic , or basaltic rock .
The church suffered during the Second World War , and in the communist period that followed , especially after 1967 when Albania was declared an atheist state , and no public or private expression of religion was allowed .
Originally , it was the only connection between North and South Korea but that changed in 2007 when a Korail train crossed the DMZ to the North on the new Donghae Bukbu Line built on the east coast of Korea .
The first recorded use of coral pink as a color name in English was in 1892 .
The earliest known critical historical works were The Histories composed by Herodotus of Halicarnassus ( 484 BC ca. 425 BC ) , who became later known as the ` father of history ' ( Cicero ) .
Banding features increased , though southwesterly wind shear and the lack of a well-defined circulation prevented initial strengthening .
As federal minister of economic cooperation and development ( 1961-1966 ) , he brought about the downfall of the Erhard government in late 1966 , when he took the Free Democratic Party , which he led , out of the coalition government .
Published works Life of Malatesta , translated by Adam Wight ( originally published 1936 ) .
A quantum computer is a device for computation that makes direct use of quantum mechanical phenomena , such as superposition and entanglement , to perform operations on data .
The Baskin-Robbins ice cream parlors started as separate ventures from Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins , owning Burt 's Ice Cream Shop and Snowbird Ice Cream respectively .
As always , the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that years WrestleMania , ( in this instance : WrestleMania 23 ) for his choice at either the WWE Championship , the World Heavyweight Championship or the ECW World Championship .
Other inputs may include intermediate goods used in production of final goods , such as the steel in a new car .
and presents a smiling mouth .
Egyptian documents mention that a soap-like substance was used in the preparation of wool for weaving .
About 1906 he began taking modeling lessons at the Cooper Union , and after two years began to study at the National Academy of Design with Leon Kroll , Ivan Olinsky , and Hermon Atkins MacNeil .
Japan replaced its traditional lunisolar calendar with the Gregorian calendar on , but adopted the numbered months it had used in its traditional calendar in place of European names , and continued to use Gengo , reign names , instead of the Common Era or Anno Domini system : Meiji 1 = 1868 , Taisho 1 = 1912 , Showa 1 = 1926 , Heisei 1 = 1989 , and so on .
Technically , brackish water contains between 0.5 and 30 grams of salt per litre -- more often expressed as 0.5 to 30 parts per thousand ( ppt or ) .
Dedicated Klingon enthusiasts , some but not all Star Trek fans , created the Klingon Language Institute , which published multiple magazines in the language .
Mainly focussed on Geneva , Le Courrier is trying to expand into other cantons in Romandy .
Millersburg is a city in Iowa County , Iowa , United States .
BBC One and Two links then moved back into TC9 alongside CBBC Channel in March 2006 as the number of studios available to CBBC was reduced .
A Galilee porch was added under Bishop Eustace ( 1198 - 1215 ) in the Early English Gothic style .
The Smiley name and logo is registered and used in over 100 countries for 25 classes of goods and services .
His father Nicomachus was the personal physician to King Amyntas of Macedon .
Abalone may only be taken using breath-hold techniques or shorepicking ; scuba diving for abalone is strictly prohibited .
Since it sought an equitable remedy the Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial did not apply .
Her work in film music included '' Le Petit Chose '' by Maurice Cloche and a series of documentaries .
She continued to wrestle with the stable when they feuded with The Disciples of the New Church , taking part in an angle with Father James Mitchell kayfabe burning her with a fireball and wrestling in another Clockwork Orange House of Fun match before leaving the company .
Twinkle is a set of JavaScript functions that gives registered users , autoconfirmed users and also confirmed users several new options to assist them in common Wikipedia maintenance tasks , and to help them deal with acts of vandalism .
France ( 1940 & ndash ; 1944 ) - The Vichy French régime of Philippe Pétain had limited autonomy from 1940 to 1942 , being heavily dependent on Germany .
Music performed followed no one particular form , except that it was typically sung by one person accompanying himself on a portable instrument , for example a guitar or an accordion .
She does research and field work related to human fossils in Eastern Africa .
As late as March 2008 , the FBI thought it might have had a breakthrough when children unearthed a parachute within the bounds of Cooper 's probable jump site near the town of Amboy , Washington .
She answered every question posed to her , whether about music , religion or astronomy .
Danny Phantom centers on the life and adventures of 14-year-old Danny Fenton , an unpopular but good-natured boy attending Casper High School in his small American hometown of Amity Park .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
helped The CW claim the top spot in the key demographic ( adults , 18-49 ) for Friday .
Tyutcheva told Nicholas 's sister , Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia , that Rasputin visited the girls , talked with them while they were getting ready for bed , and hugged and patted them .
The tale of Bel and the Dragon incorporated as chapter 14 of the extended Book of Daniel was written in Aramaic around the late 2nd century BC and translated into Greek in the Septuagint .
Successful developers may maintain several teams working on different games for different publishers . Generally , however , third-party developers tend to be small , and consist of a single , closely-knit team .
Dostoyevsky conceived the idea of Crime and Punishment in the summer of 1865 , having gambled away much of his fortune , unable to pay his bills or afford proper meals .
A Perfect Circle has released three albums : Mer de Noms , Thirteenth Step and Emotive .
Wikipedia 's current policy is to include such content , provided it breaches neither any of our existing policies ( especially Neutral point of view ) nor the laws of the state of Florida in the United States , where Wikipedia is hosted .
It is an ancient town on the banks of the river Brahmaputra and is the largest of the north bank towns .
Labor also currently governs in each state and territory except for Western Australia .
Rodney Agatupu Anoa'i ( October 2 , 1966 -- October 23 , 2000 ) WWE Daily Blog Archive Rodney Anoa'i - Yokozuna was an American professional wrestler .
He was succeeded by his younger and more famous half-brother , King Edmund of England .
Matter creation , the appearance of elementary particles , in physical processes such as pair production
Sainte-Terre is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The 1997 Pacific hurricane season was an annual event in tropical cyclone meteorology .
This listing includes notation of three compositions that are heard twice in the course of the film , so there are a total of thirty-six individual music cues .
The city has more than 3,100 years of history , and was known as Chang ` an ( ) before the Ming Dynasty .
Mudskippers are quite active when out of water , feeding and interacting with one another , for example to defend their territories .
His name is also a brand for similar movie scripts written by ghost writers and many series of non-fiction books on military subjects and merged biographies of key leaders .
Superchunk is an American indie rock band from Chapel Hill , North Carolina , consisting of singer/guitarist Mac McCaughan , guitarist Jim Wilbur , bassist Laura Ballance , and drummer Jon Wurster .
The following year they moved to Brooklyn , New York , where she worked as an elementary school teacher and nurse .
Hampigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Since the opening of the Middlesbrough to Redcar Railway in 1846 Redcar became a regular destination for the Victorian tourist . Every year people from North Yorkshire , Leeds and Scotland would come to Redcar for their holidays .
I 'd tie it in knots and then eat it .
Pine Bluff is the largest city and county seat of Jefferson County , Arkansas , United States .
Even when , during the second Persian invasion of Greece , a group of city-states allied themselves to defend Greece , the vast majority of poleis remained neutral , and after the Persian defeat , the allies quickly returned to infighting .
Tarbela Dam ( ) is a large dam on the Indus River in Pakistan .
It has been argued that this change came at the insistence of Edgeworth 's father , rather than the author herself , because her father edited several of her works .
As of the 2007 census , the city population was 6,311 .
However , propelled by its three hit singles , the album was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA , selling over three million copies in the United States .
In the computer field , '' task '' has the sense of a real-time application , as distinguished from process , which takes up space ( memory ) , and execution time .
Ave pia humilitas , sine viro fecunditas , cuius annunciatio nostra fuit salvatio .
The album brought more rock and pop influences to Nickel Creek , just as This Side did .
The metropolitan area , Jabodetabek , is the second largest in the world .
Sussex still retains a strong local identity and the county 's unofficial anthem is Sussex by the Sea .
Warlus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
According to Fodor 's travel guide ,
There is also the Village of Friendship in Adams County .
The Falling action is the part of a story , usually found in tragedies and short stories , following the climax and showing the effects of the climax .
his films include The NeverEnding Story , Enemy Mine , Outbreak , In the Line of Fire , Air Force One , The Perfect Storm , Troy , and Poseidon .
Friday , April 13 -- The asteroid 99942 Apophis ( previously better known by its provisional designation 2004 MN4 ) will pass within 30,000 km ( 18,600 mi ) of the Earth , very briefly appearing as bright as 3rd magnitude .
December 24 & ndash ; John I , Count of Hainaut ( b. 1218 )
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
He was then assistant organist at Southwark Cathedral from 1923 until 1925 , before moving to Keble College , Oxford ( where he was also Organ Scholar to continue his education ( 1925 to 1928 ) .
Larval and larviform female glowworms are predators , feeding on millipedes and other arthropods occurring in soil and litter .
Because he is one of the few Jewish children on the show , Kyle sometimes feels like an outcast between the main group of characters .
Nobuhito Toriizuka is a former Japanese football player who has recently played for Thespa Kusatsu .
Kipling was born in India and spent the first six years of his childhood there .
Uruk ( Cuneiform : , URUUNUG ; Sumerian : Unug ; Akkadian : Uruk ; Biblical Hebrew : Erech ; Greek : , ; ; , ) was an ancient city of Sumer and later Babylonia , situated east of the present bed of the Euphrates river , on the ancient dry former channel of the Euphrates River , some 30 km east of modern As-Samawah , Al-Muthann , Iraq .
The components of the coats of arms were regulated by Queen Wilhelmina in a Royal decree of 10 July 1907 and were affirmed by Queen Juliana in a Royal decree of 23 April 1980 .
Jay is a city in Delaware County , Oklahoma , United States .
A band of Greeks come out of the horse at night , opening the gates to the city , allowing the main army to enter .
Estonia was a member of the League of Nations from 22 September 1921 , has been a member of the United Nations since 17 September 1991 , and of NATO since 29 March 2004 , as well as the European Union since 1 May 2004 .
The 2008 version was announced on August 28 , 2007 , adding support for Windows Vista 64-bit .
Of The Awefull Battle Of The Pekes And The Pollicles Together With Some Account Of The Participation Of the Pugs and the Poms , And The Intervention Of The Great Rumpuscat
Studies also found that some of the patients initially diagnosed with OCD had BDD , as well .
Clark 's untimely death - he crashed a Formula Two Lotus 48 in April 1968 after his rear tyre failed in a turn in Hockenheim - was a severe blow to the team and to Formula One .
Ratchet recovers the robot from the wreckage , nicknaming him '' Clank '' .
Descended from muay boran , Muay Thai is Thailand 's national sport .
Karl Gerok ( 1815 -- 1890 ) , Bishop
The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , Fourth Edition (/O2000/O) , Houghton Mifflin Company : '' A word formed from the initial letters of a name , such as WAC for Women 's Army Corps , or by combining initial letters or parts of a series of words , such as radar for radio detecting and ranging . ''
During a break in recording , Brainard decided to leave the band and was replaced by Jim Root .
id : darkgrey value : gray (/O0.8/O)
A baseball uniform is a type of uniform worn by baseball players .
They start with physical volumes ( PVs ) , which can be either hard disks , hard disk partitions , or LUNs of an external storage device .
A club is essentially a short staff , or stick , usually made of wood , and wielded as a weapon since prehistoric times .
When the tenth Olympic Games were hosted in 1932 , the former 10th Street was renamed Olympic Blvd. .
Since its debut on December 17 , 1989 the show has broadcast 481 episodes and the twenty-second season began airing on September 26 , 2010 .
Funchal is the largest city , the municipal seat and the capital of Portugal 's Autonomous Region of Madeira .
The album was also released in the UK as a limited edition LP on red vinyl limited to 2,000 copies .
Rather than returning to bureaucratic rule after dismissing the national assembly , Frederick William promulgated a new constitution that created a parliament with two chambers , an aristocratic upper house and an elected lower house .
Cruciferae is an older name , meaning '' cross-bearing '' , because the four petals of their flowers are reminiscent of a cross .
It survived the overthrow of the kings in 509 BC , the fall of the Roman Republic in the 1st century BC , the split of the Roman Empire in 395 AD , and the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 AD .
Vero Beach is a city in Indian River County , Florida , USA .
The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m , and corresponds to the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton , two large rocks emerging from the lake which date from the last ice age .
Golfers play at the course of the Kyneton Golf Club on Black Hill Road .
Zeta Orionis , a triple star in the constellation Orion
Dattatreya is usually depicted with three heads , symbolising Brahma , Vishnu , and Shiva ; past , present , and future ; and the three states of consciousness : waking , dreaming , and dreamless sleep .
Mar del Plata is an Argentine city located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean in the Buenos Aires Province , south of Buenos Aires .
The film was released on DVD and Blu-Ray by Walt Disney Home Video on September 18 , 2008 .
A marching band is , in the broadest terms , a group of performers that consist of instrumental musicians and sometimes dance teams / color guard who generally perform outdoors and incorporate some type of marching ( and possibly other movements ) with their musical performance .
Wandsworth is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Wandsworth .
Classes on September 21 were also suspended by the regional education ministry .
Reichstein was the longest-lived Nobel laureate at the time of his death , but was surpassed in 2008 by Rita Levi-Montalcini .
The coat of arms of the Isle of Man dates from 12 July 1996 .
Paul Charles Caravello ( July 12 , 1950 - November 24 , 1991 ) , known as Eric Carr , was an American musician , best known as drummer for the rock band Kiss .
It is the county seat of Muskogee County , and home to Bacone College .
The greenhouse effect was discovered by Joseph Fourier in 1824 , first reliably experimented on by John Tyndall in 1858 , and first reported quantitatively by Svante Arrhenius in 1896 .
Commonly referred to as kraits , there are 12 species and 5 subspecies .
The final event was held in 2008 , with TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs replacing Armageddon in 2009 .
It was named for George Clinton , the first governor of the state of New York .
Bernard Charles '' Bernie '' Ecclestone ( born 28 October 1930 ) is a British sports entrepreneur , as president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration and through his part-ownership of Alpha Prema , the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies .
The Moral Code was adopted at the 22nd Congress of the CPSU in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
It became clear that the theory had prospects of moving ahead finally from Kummer 's century-old results on regular primes .
The Great Lawn , the principal feature of the park , is enclosed by plantings and a circular drive that is lined with trees .
Incandescent light bulbs are gradually being replaced in many applications by other types of electric light such as ( compact ) fluorescent lamps , high-intensity discharge lamps , light-emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , and other devices .
As the war disrupted production and supply , every ADAM user in the city eventually went violently insane .
The mainland section consists of Burma , Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam and Peninsular Malaysia while the maritime section consists of Brunei , East Malaysia , East Timor , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Singapore .
Philip J. Fry ( Billy West ) : Fry is a dim-witted , immature , slovenly yet good hearted pizza delivery boy who falls into a cryogenic pod , causing it to activate and freeze him just after midnight on January 1 , 2000 .
Some areas of the Wasatch Range in the path of the lake-effect receive up to 500 i per year .
Motomachi-Ch kagai Station opened on February 1 , 2004 with the opening of the Minatomirai Line .
In June 2005 , he matriculated in Harvard Law School 's Master of Laws graduate program .
While these reports are often quite influential , with the government enacting some or all recommendations into law , the work of some Commissions have been almost completely ignored by the government .
Ekiga supports both the SIP and H. 323 ( based on OPAL ) protocols and is fully interoperable with any other SIP compliant application and with Microsoft NetMeeting .
The first known rose garden was planted by empress Joséphine de Beauharnais in Malmaison .
Karl Arnold ( March 21 , 1901 -- June 29 , 1958 ) was a German politician .
The Eilat Field School on the outskirts of Eilat offers special hiking tours that focus on desert ecology , the Red Sea , bird migration and other aspects of Eilat 's flora and fauna .
The distillate can be bottled clear , to produce a Blanche or la Bleue absinthe , or it can be colored using artificial or natural coloring .
Irving Kristol ( January 22 , 1920 -- September 18 , 2009 ) was an American columnist , journalist , and writer who was dubbed the '' godfather of neoconservatism '' .
This can include endeavors as varied as consumer electronics , communication , and knowledge transfer objects ( such as a cookbook , a document or online help ) and mechanical objects such as a door handles or a hammer .
Following the success of their debut single '' Sound of the Underground '' , which spent four weeks at number one , the group has achieved a string of twenty consecutive top ten singles ( including four number ones ) and two number one albums in the United Kingdom .
She has received nineteen Locus Awards for her fiction , more than any other author .
