April 27 -- David I succeeds Alexander I to become King of Scotland .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
is a 1990 action film , and the second installment of the Die Hard series .
Seattle Times , 24 January 1999 At 7:06 a.m. local time on January 24 , 1989 , Ted Bundy was executed in the electric chair at Florida State Prison in Starke , Florida .
CRUX CRUX is a lightweight , i686-optimized distribution targeted at experienced users .
Year 1426 ( MCDXXVI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The concept introduced above is called a real vector space .
He was also granted the title of '' King of Han '' by Xiang Yu , when the latter split the former Qin empire into the Eighteen Kingdoms . Liu was known by this title before becoming Emperor of China .
He then , initially under the Sikhs , began expanding his kingdom .
Like Disney 's Touchstone Pictures and Miramax Films brands , it produces films for a more mature adult audience than Walt Disney Pictures .
Phillip named it after Lord Sydney , the British government 's Home Secretary .
Furthermore there are ten urban districts :
The county seat is Newton .
Snow Patrol are an alternative rock band , with members from Northern Ireland and Scotland .
While an undergraduate , Cabell taught French and Greek at the College .
Time Cube is a website created by Gene Ray in 1997 , where he sets out his proposed theory of everything , a description of the nature of the universe .
Glenn D. Paige , Nonkilling Global Political Science .
in Cardiff , Wales ) , is a Welsh singer who found fame in the late 1950s and has continued a successful career since then worldwide .
Maninghen-Henne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
See also Child process Exit Fork Orphan process Parent process Process group Process states Task Thread Wait Zombie process Process management ( computing ) Notes References Gary D. Knott ( 1974 ) A proposal for certain process management and intercommunication primitives ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review .
The movie ends with Eddie being a successful composer who dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to his brother , who is listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand .
In 1855 he founded the Valley Farmer newspaper .
Two towns -- Badajoz and Barcarrota -- claim to be his birthplace .
Louder Than Love became the band 's first album to chart on the Billboard 200 , peaking at number 108 on the chart in 1990 .
Patrick Stewart as Professor Charles Xavier : The founder of the Xavier Institute who has uncharted telepathic powers and is confined to a wheelchair .
'' Boyfriend '' ( Lou Bega song )
Trinity has more members than any other college in Cambridge or Oxford , with around 700 undergraduates , 430 graduates , and over 170 Fellows ( however , counting only the student body but not Fellows , Trinity has somewhat fewer students than Homerton College ) .
The English name of the zoo is Helsinki Zoo .
Official settlement began on 28 December 1836 , when the state was proclaimed at The Old Gum Tree by Governor John Hindmarsh .
Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd. ( operating as Virgin Atlantic ) is a British airline owned by Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group ( 51 % ) and Singapore Airlines ( 49 % ) .
'' My Belarusy '' ( ; ; , '' We Belarusians '' ) is the unofficial title of the national anthem of Belarus and the first line of its lyrics . Officially , '' My Belarusy '' is titled '' the State Anthem of the Republic of Belarus '' .
The Arctic Cordillera mountain system covers much of Ellesmere Island , making it the most mountainous in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
Upon resurrection of the event in 2008 , the first race at the Marina Bay location , which was also Formula One 's first night race , was won by Spanish driver Fernando Alonso driving for the Renault F1 team .
The population was 150 at the 2000 census .
Since the English Football League was the first ever professional football league to form , Deepdale is the oldest continually-used site for league football in the world .
The underside of the fore wing is orange with a pale orange spot rimmed in black in the fore wing cell .
In 1959 , Davis became a member of the famous '' Rat Pack '' , led by his friend Frank Sinatra , which included fellow performers such as Dean Martin , Joey Bishop , Peter Lawford , and Shirley MacLaine .
They also introduced the cacao tree into the West Indies and the Philippines .
The result on the FPA pixel array sensor is an electrical charge at each pixel which is electronically processed and stored in a computer ( raster ) - image file for subsequent display or processing .
A formal presentation is held later , usually on the university campus of the recipient .
The districts are at an intermediate level of administration between the ( German states ) and the local \/O/ municipal levels ( ) .
There was a minor gold rush in the area in the 1880s .
Consider talking to a user before you block them .
Frederick Henry , Prince of Orange , Stadtholder of Holland , Zeeland , Utrecht , Overijssel and Guelders ( 1625 - 1647 ) .
The Texas flag is known as the '' Lone Star Flag '' ( giving rise to the state 's nickname '' The Lone Star State '' ) .
She was also the mother of Stephen , King of England and Henry of Blois , Bishop of Winchester .
It forms a large number of organometallic compounds , including tetraethylgermane and isobutylgermane .
The later stations are notable for their larger size and safety features ( both being attempts to future proof the line ) .
The United Kingdom is made up of four constituent parts : England , Scotland and Wales , forming Great Britain , and Northern Ireland in the north-east of the island of Ireland .
In biology A human 's , animal 's or vegetable 's physical body is made up of organs and tissues and is a part of the total living being which in the human being may also include a psychological or spiritual component .
The 1969 Formula One season included the 20th FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on March 1 , 1969 , and ended on October 19 after eleven races .
Indo-European languages are spoken by almost three billion native speakers , the largest number for any recognized language family .
The ideal cryptographic hash function has four main or significant properties :
James W. Hardy , III ( born December 24 , 1985 in Fort Wayne , Indiana ) is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens .
Actus Apostolorum ) is a book of the Christian Bible , which now stands fifth in the New Testament .
As of October 2009 , the Census population estimate page listed New Haven as having a larger population than Hartford in the 2000 ( most recent ) Decennial Census .
When Peltz was younger , she attended Rye Country Day School in Rye , New York and from there went to Windward School in White Plains , New York .
In 1942 , a new headquarters for No. 3FS was under construction at Wulguru , Queensland , Stuart , Townsville .
The various tones of the color taupe are widely used in fashion , interior design , industrial design , and in graphic design where Pantone ink and RGB hexadecimal specifiers both describe the color as a warm gray .
Back at camp , Ian approached Katie about blindsiding Gregg to prevent a possible tie , much to Katie 's shock .
Place de la Concorde
Wikipedia 's policy against harassment prohibits this .
The 2001 Indian census reported the population of the city to be over 1,500,000 , with that of the entire district numbering just over 3,695,077 .
The Hijra ( ) is the migration of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and his followers to the city of Medina in 622 ( Common Era ) .
March 21 & ndash ; Henry IV enters his capital of Paris for the first time .
Anton Bruckner ( 4 September 1824 11 October 1896 ) was an Austrian composer known for his symphonies , masses , and motets .
The precipitation caused moderate flooding across eastern portions of Harris County ; over 400 homes and 40 businesses were flooded .
The Federated States of Micronesia are located in the region known as Micronesia , which consists of hundreds of small islands divided in eight territories .
The Mediterranean Ridge is a wide ridge in the bed of the Mediterranean Sea , running along a rough quarter circle from Calabria , south of Crete , to the southwest corner of Turkey , and from there eastwards south of Turkey , including Cyprus .
'' God Gave Rock ` N Roll To You II '' , originally recorded for the soundtrack to Bill & Ted 's Bogus Journey , was the last Kiss song to feature a performance by Eric Carr .
In Europe and most of the rest of the world , jewelry is metric , but the increments between standard sizes are similar .
The Latvians are Baltic people culturally related to the Estonians and Lithuanians , with the Latvian language having many similarities with Lithuanian , but not with the Estonian language ( a Finno-Ugric language ) .
An independent clause demonstrates a complete thought ; it is a complete sentence : for example , '' I am sad . ''
The bright planetary nebula Owl Nebula ( M97 ) , named for its appearance , can be found along the bottom of the bowl of the Big Dipper .
It was selected as a penal settlement because it was geographically isolated from the rest of the colony but more easily reachable by sea than the other place of secondary banishment , Macquarie Harbour on the west coast , which could then be closed down .
Miles Davis was born on May 26 , 1926 , to an affluent African American family in Alton , Illinois .
Year 1393 ( MCCCXCIII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In 2001 , Michael Schumacher made a one-off return to karts and competed against Hamilton along with other future F1 drivers Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg .
Wambst died instantly , and Merckx was knocked unconscious .
This is really the source of all the properties of the exponential function , and the basic reason for its importance in applications ... '' - p. 448 of Courant and Robbins , What is mathematics ?
Sarah Sutton ( born 12 December 1961 ) is a British actress best known for her role as Nyssa in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1951/1952 season .
A player begins a serve by tossing the ball into the air and hitting it ( usually near the highest point of the toss ) into the diagonally opposite service box without being stopped by the net .
Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia ( , Velikaya Knyazhna Anastasiya Nikolayevna Romanova ) ( - July 17 , 1918 ) , was the youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia , the last sovereign of Imperial Russia , and his wife Alexandra Fyodorovna .
The Platypus can hunt without using its eyes .
Its county seat is Pensacola .
Wilson 's idealistic internationalism , now referred to as '' Wilsonianism '' , which calls for the United States to enter the world arena to fight for democracy , has been a contentious position in American foreign policy , serving as a model for '' idealists '' to emulate and '' realists '' to reject ever since .
Lysithea did n't receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .
The Professional Wrestlers ' Workout & Instructional Guide ( p. 106 ) Blading the act of cutting ones self or another person open in order to bleed , usually done on the forehead ( also called '' juicing '' ) .
He is also a teacher and director in theater , film and television .
The lower boundary ( starting point ) has not been officially recognized by the International Commission on Stratigraphy , but it is usually set to 3.8 Ga , at the end of the Hadean Eon .
Frederic Ogden Nash ( August 19 , 1902 - May 19 , 1971 ) was an American poet well known for his light verse .
Angelina Jolie ( born Angelina Jolie Voight on June 4 , 1975 ) is an American actress and Goodwill Ambassador for the UN Refugee Agency .
Attractions include the Caudan Waterfront , Port Louis Bazaar , the Mauritian Chinatown and the old Port Louis theatre .
SimCity 4 ( SC4 ) is a city-building simulation computer game developed by Maxis , a subsidiary of Electronic Arts .
His most durable work is his monograph ( with I. A. Richards ) titled The Meaning of Meaning ( 1923 ) , which went into many editions .
According to Nihon Shoki , he was the fourth son of Emperor jin and the father of Emperors Rich , Hanzei , and Ingy .
They have many uses including in call centers and other telephone-intensive jobs and for personal use at the computer to facilitate comfortable simultaneous conversation and typing .
Gabriel Popescu ( born 25 December 1973 ) is a Romanian footballer .
In physics , a change in the direction of velocity also is an acceleration : for rotary motion , the change in direction of velocity results in centripetal ( toward the center ) acceleration ; whereas the rate of change of speed is a tangential acceleration .
Almost all faculties are located on the main campus South of the city center , except for the Faculty of Medicine which has its own campus near the Elbe river East of the city center and the Department of Forestry in Tharandt .
The native range extends across the Canary Islands , North and East Africa , Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Arabia and India .
Cold Lake is a city in northeastern Alberta , Canada , named after the lake it is situated near .
Hollywood stars such as Ava Gardner , Rita Hayworth and Lana Turner tried similar swimwear or beachwear .
Although the coroner , Mr. Swallow , determines the boy 's death to be accidental and clears Grimes without a proper trial , he advises Grimes not to get another apprentice .
There is an additional modern embellishment to The Golden Legend , provided by American Greetings to History.com , and widely repeated despite having no historical basis whatsoever .
The male fertilises the eggs externally by releasing his sperm onto them , and will then guard them for at least three months , until they hatch .
James McHenry ( November 16 , 1753 -- May 3 , 1816 ) was an early American statesman .
Suborder Myomorpha contains 1,137 species of mouse-like rodents , nearly a quarter of all mammal species .
.
A natural satellite or moon is a celestial body that orbits a planet or smaller body , which is called the primary .
Raye-sur-Authie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Claudio Abbado , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRIquirinale .
He was a son of Zebedee and Salome , and brother of John the Apostle .
Predicted and scheduled events January 1 - Romania and Croatia will adopt the Euro .
Several major world languages have undergone wholesale spelling reforms : Spanish ( in the 18th century ) , Portuguese ( in 1910 , in Portugal , and in 1946 and 1972 , in Brazil ) , German ( in 1901\/02 and 1996\/98 ) and Russian ( in 1728 and 1919 ) .
Yomi is comparable to Hades or hell and is most commonly known for Izanami 's retreat to that place after her death .
Charles Grey , 2nd Earl Grey , KG , PC ( 13 March 1764 -- 17 July 1845 ) , known as Viscount Howick between 1806 and 1807 , was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 22 November 1830 to 16 July 1834 .
American Eagle ( game ) , a variation of the British Bulldogs tag game
Sadly , the model never got to the showroom in the United Kingdom .
MSAs are used for official purposes , but they are not the only estimates of metro area populations available .
Alexandra of Denmark ( Alexandra Caroline Marie Charlotte Louise Julia ; 1 December 1844 - 20 November 1925 ) was Queen of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions and Empress of India from 1901 to 1910 as the consort of Edward VII .
The video for the song as well as for the follow-up single '' Queen of the Broken Hearts '' were hugely popular on MTV , and the band embarked on its first tour as headliners .
Another important adaptation that aids breathing while out of water are their enlarged gill chambers , where they retain a bubble of air .
Maley & Taunton exported globally , with its trucks used in the Lisbon trams and in the UK on the Blackpool tramway .
Sir Earle Christmas Grafton Page , GCMG , CH ( 8 August 1880 20 December 1961 ) , Australian politician , was the eleventh Prime Minister of Australia , and is to date the second-longest serving federal parliamentarian in Australian history with 41 years , 361 days in Parliament .
Chicken & Mushroom
Agent Orange is the code name for one of the herbicides and defoliants used by the U.S. military as part of its herbicidal warfare program , Operation Ranch Hand , during the Vietnam War from 1961 to 1971 .
Mainstream is , generally , the common current of thought of the majority .
Examples are computer printers , image scanners , tape drives , microphones , loudspeakers , webcams , and digital cameras .
Overview It was contested by 11 teams , and Hakoah Vienna won the championship .
Clothing in ancient Rome generally consisted of the toga , the tunic , the stola , brooches for these , and breeches .
Wikipedia warns new users not to reveal personal information .
Artist Naoto shima , designer Hirokazu Yasuhara , and programmer Yuji Naka are generally credited with the creation of the character , a blue 15-year-old anthropomorphic hedgehog , who has the ability to run faster than the speed of sound and the ability to curl into a ball , primarily to attack enemies .
She had two older brothers , Robert and William Jr. .
Located on the Persian Gulf , it had a population of 998,651 in 2008 , and is also one of the municipalities of Qatar .
Before that , writers only voted for the best pitcher and used a formula of one point per vote .
Electrolytes commonly exist as solutions of acids , bases or salts .
'' Bronze Age China '' by National Gallery of Art Archaeologists have since uncovered urban sites , bronze implements , and tombs in locations cited as Xia 's in ancient historical texts , but it is impossible to verify that these remains are of the Xia without written records from the period .
A myrmecophile is an organism that lives in association with ants .
The Hugo Awards are given every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year .
The disturbance quickly developed into a tropical depression the next day while hugging the coastline .
Regarding the prostitution of children the laws on prostitution as well as those on sex with a child apply .
Alfred '' Aki '' Schmidt ( born 5 September 1935 ) is a former German football player and manager .
Giorgio Vasari , Lives of the Artists .
The Nationwide Series is currently the only series of the top three to race outside the United States .
It was downgraded to a tropical depression near Clarksville , Tennessee and broke in half .
Forms of wit include the quip and repartee .
Marshall 's illness and recovery , based on a culture of organisms extracted from a patient , fulfilled Koch 's postulates for H. pylori and gastritis , but not for peptic ulcer .
In the second revolution , during October , the Provisional Government was removed and replaced with a Bolshevik ( Communist ) government .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Children need more sleep per day in order to develop and function properly : up to 18 hours for newborn babies , with a declining rate as a child ages . A newborn baby spends almost 9 hours a day in REM sleep .
There are assertions that she was of ethnic Korean ancestry , and that she and her family held Korean passports . Others dispute these claims and following study of her parents ' ancestry , assert that Misora 's background is not Korean , but Japanese .
Loudon Snowden Wainwright III ( born September 5 , 1946 ) is a Grammy Award-winning , American songwriter , folk singer , humorist , and actor .
The Crusades were fought mainly by Roman Catholic forces ( taking place after the East-West Schism and mostly before the Protestant Reformation ) against Muslims who had occupied the near east since the time of the Rashidun Caliphate , although campaigns were also waged against pagan Slavs , pagan Balts , Jews , Russian and Greek Orthodox Christians , Mongols , Cathars , Hussites , Waldensians , Old Prussians , and political enemies of the various popes .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Hurricane Gustav of 2002 was the first Subtropical Storm to receive a name but became tropical shortly after naming . Subtropical Storm Nicole , from the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season was the first subtropical storm that did not become tropical since the policy change .
It is at the mouth of the River Yare , 20 m east of Norwich .
After Lenin 's death on 21 January 1924 , Rykov gave up his position as Chairman of the USSR Supreme Council of National Economy and became Chairman of the Council of People 's Commissars of the USSR and , simultaneously , of the Sovnarkom of the RSFSR , on 2 February 1924 .
Megatrain offers low cost intercity train train travel , using yield management pricing , on East Midlands Trains and South West Trains which are rail franchises in the United Kingdom operated by Scottish-based Stagecoach Group .
Books of our Time : Al-Jazeera at Google Video ; TV programme feat .
The city of Basseterre has established itself as a financial center in the Eastern Caribbean .
Battle of the Kasserine Pass : German General Erwin Rommel and his Afrika Korps launch an offensive against Allied defenses in Tunisia ; it is the United States ' first major battle defeat of the war .
Plate tectonics ( from the Late Latin tectonicus , from the '' pertaining to building '' ) ( Little et al. , 1990
A parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag or aerodynamic lift generated by a parachute canopy shaped like an aerofoil which is able to generate lift by its forward speed through the air .
William '' Bill '' Dodgin ( 17 April 1909 - 16 October 1999 ) was an English football player .
Since the brand extension in 2002 , Heat has been broadcast with only Raw superstars and reverted back to being before RAW .
They remained in the family for 33 years .
Levesque married Stephanie McMahon on October 25 , 2003 .
Religion Chelmsford Cathedral is the second smallest cathedral in England after Derby Cathedral .
Vermand is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
According to figures presented by Prof. Vyron Kotzamanis to a conference of unions and federations representing the ethnic Greeks of Istanbul , the ethnic Greek population of Istanbul was then [ July 2006 ] above the 5,000-person mark .
University of Alaska Southeast , Juneau ( main campus ) , Ketchikan , Sitka
Released on 17 February 2000 , Gates Ushers in Next Generation of PC Computing With Launch of Windows 2000 it was the successor to Windows NT 4.0 , and is the final release of Microsoft Windows to display the '' Windows NT '' designation .
Banknotes currently in circulation are 50 , 100 , 200 , 500 , 1000 and 2000 pesos oros . The 10 and 20 peso denomination bills have been replaced with 10 and 25 coins respectively .
For Aristotle , then , ignoratio elenchi amounts to ignorance of logic .
In these private saunas swimsuits or towels are never worn .
His Waterworld script was thrown out , and only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men .
Official Dress in the popular agriculture club National FFA Organization
Thus , the Postmaster General is no longer a member of the Cabinet and is no longer in Presidential succession .
Armenian Air Defense forces comprise of an anti-aircraft missile brigade and two regiments armed with 100 missile launchers of mostly Soviet and now Russian manufacture .
Chiral molecules can be synthesized , but in the absence of a chiral source or a chiral catalyst , they are formed in a 50\/50 mixture of both enantiomers .
This is just one-tenth the diameter of the full moon as viewed from Earth , smaller than a 1 mm by 1 mm square of paper held 1 meter away , and equal to roughly one thirteen-millionth of the total area of the sky .
Royal Charter The BBC is a quasi-autonomous Public Corporation operating as a public service broadcaster incorporated under a Royal Charter that is reviewed every 10 years .
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for the Gwangju massacre , but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam with the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung , whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier .
For centuries , it formed part of the ancient county divide between Lancashire and Cheshire .
The success of the First Five Year Plan was to encourage Mao to instigate the Second Five Year Plan , the Great Leap Forward , in 1958 .
After the bombing of Pearl Harbor , Takamoto 's family , like many Japanese Americans , was forced to move to an internment camp .
Stone Temple Pilots released their third album , Tiny Music ... Songs from the Vatican Gift Shop , on March 5 , 1996 .
Hurricane David peaked at Category 5 status becoming the first hurricane of such strength to make landfall directly in the Dominican Republic , killing over 2000 people .
One campus of the Ministry of Education Language Centre ( MOELC ) is also located in Bishan , the other being located in Ghim Moh .
The second SAG awards aired live from the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium , while subsequent awards have been held at the Shrine Exposition Center .
Morcote is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino situated about 10 kilometres from Lugano in the district of Lugano on the shore of Lake Lugano .
Together with the Christian Social Union it can be seen as an heir to the Bavarian People 's Party which existed prior to World War II .
Tallinn became the capital of an independent Estonia .
(/O2002/O) , Chuck (/O2004/O) and Underclass Hero (/O2007/O) .
Archway tube station is a London Underground station in north London , underneath the Archway Tower , at the intersection of Holloway Road , Highgate Hill and Junction Road in the area known as Archway .
The current champion is Randy Orton , who is in his fourth reign after defeating Triple H , John Cena and The Big Show in a Fatal Four-Way match to win the vacant title on June 15 , 2009 in Charlotte , North Carolina .
For the ball sport played in the Commonwealth previously known as '' women 's basketball '' , see netball
One is the actual number of prayer services .
During the Spanish Invasion , the Spaniard Francisco Pizarro crossed his path , captured Atahualpa , and used him to control the Inca empire .
Weta was already working on animating the creatures while the film was being shot , and Weta crew members were on-set for all the scenes that involved special effects during the filming .
During the Zhou Dynasty , the origins of native Chinese philosophy developed , its initial stages beginning in the 6th century BC .
The second thus defined is consistent with the ephemeris second , which was based on astronomical measurements .
Flora is the parent body of the Flora family of asteroids , and by far the largest member , comprising about 80 % of the total mass of this family .
'' Picasa '' is a blend of the name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso , the phrase mi casa for '' my house '' and '' pic '' for pictures ( personalized art ) .
In addition , taxis can refuse to take babies and children because of seating legislation .
Sculptures , cave paintings , rock paintings , and petroglyphs from the Upper Paleolithic dating to roughly 40000 years ago have been found , but the precise meaning of such art is often disputed because so little is known about the cultures that produced them .
Momentum is sometimes referred to as linear momentum to distinguish it from the related subject of angular momentum .
On his return voyage , in 1774 he landed at the Friendly Islands , Easter Island , Norfolk Island , New Caledonia , and Vanuatu .
The stadium was constructed in 1995 as a joint venture between Meadowbank Thistle F.C. and the Livingston Development Corporation .
In linguistics , intonation is variation of pitch while speaking which is not used to distinguish words .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Dundalk F.C. won the championship .
Arena football is a variety of gridiron football played by the Arena Football League ( AFL ) .
During the Napoleonic occupation of Italy , commedia dell ` arte was outlawed .
With songwriting partner and Rolling Stones lead vocalist Mick Jagger , Richards has written and recorded hundreds of songs , fourteen of which are listed by Rolling Stone magazine among the '' 500 Greatest Songs of All Time '' .
YCAT was founded in 1984 by Michael Kaye ( following discussions between concert pianist Jack Gibbons and W.H. Smith chairman Sir Simon Hornby ) .
The term yellow dwarf is a misnomer , as G stars actually range in color from white , for early types like the Sun , to only slightly yellow for the later types .
Neither are all extremophiles unicellular ; protostome animals found in similar environments include the Pompeii worm , the psychrophilic Grylloblattodea ( insects ) , Antarctic krill ( a crustacean ) , and the '' water bear '' .
'' Making a Memory '' - 2:49
The Union Army was the army that fought for the Union during the American Civil War .
Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic was selected to grace the cover of this year 's edition of NBA Live .
Podensac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Gandalf arrives at Minas Tirith in Gondor with Pippin to alert Denethor of the impending attack .
The phrase ` advanced composites ' in FRP construction may indicate the addition of carbon fiber , kevlar ( tm ) or other similar materials , but it may also indicate other methods designed to introduce less expensive and , by at least one yacht surveyor 's eyewitness accountsAre They Fiberglass Boats Anymore ?
The district council , the , is the legislative body of the district and is responsible for local self-administration .
The term itself was coined by nineteenth century historians and the distinction between the Old Kingdom and the Early Dynastic Period is not one which would have been recognized by Ancient Egyptians .
Venkatesh Madgulkar ( 1927-2001 ) was one of the most popular and well-known Marathi writers of his time .
Gastritis may also occur in those who have had weight loss surgery resulting in the banding or reconstruction of the digestive tract .
The residents are referred to as Cristolien , and since 1977 , the mayor has been Laurent Cathala .
In June 1998 he was appointed an MBE in the Queen 's Birthday Honours .
The film was directed by Kevin Reynolds and stars Kevin Costner , who also produced it , was co-written by Peter Rader and David Twohy based on Rader 's original 1986 screenplay .
The Ensemble included his wife Marie Leonhardt ( b. 1928 ) and Eduard Melkus ( violins ) , Alice Harnoncourt-Hoffelner ( violin , viola ) , Nikolaus Harnoncourt ( cello ) , and Michel Piguet ( oboe ) .
Robert Roberts Taylor Blyth ( 2 June 1900 & ndash ; 1956 ) was a Scottish professional footballer in the 1920s .
It was the standard epic metre in classical Greek and Latin literature , such as in the Iliad and Aeneid . Its use in other genres of composition include Horace 's satires , and Ovid 's Metamorphoses .
The real origins of the name are thought to trace back to the 1st or 2nd century AD , when it was named ` Vintur ' after a Gaulish god of the summits , or ` Ven-Top ' , meaning '' snowy peak '' in the ancient Gallic language .
Noritada Saneyoshi ( born 19 October , 1972 in Minamiuwa District , Ehime ) is a Japanese former professional football player who spent his entire senior career at Gamba Osaka .
After Dickens ' fame skyrocketed he was able to buy out his agreements with Macrone .
TURF Analysis , a statistical method ( acronym for total unduplicated reach and frequency )
The musket replaced the arquebus , and was in turn replaced by the rifle .
At the time of his death , he was President of the Foreign Policy Centre and a vice-president of the America All Party Parliamentary Group and the Global Security and Non-Proliferation All Party Parliamentary Group .
Celibidache died in La Neuville-sur-Essonne , arrondissement Pithiviers near Paris in 1996 at 84 .
Puck is the largest of small inner moons of Uranus , which orbit inside the orbit of Miranda .
The Ladykillers is a 2004 black comedy film directed , written and produced by the Coen brothers and stars Tom Hanks , with a supporting cast that includes J. K. Simmons , Marlon Wayans , Tzi Ma , Ryan Hurst and Irma P. Hall .
'' I Do n't Want to Be '' is a song by Gavin DeGraw appearing on his 2003 debut album Chariot .
Gairdner ( 1949 ) states that the foreskin protects the glans but some studies show that inflammation of the glans is more common when the foreskin is present .
Torrance Beach lies between Redondo Beach and Malaga Cove .
Because William III died without legitimate children , the principality was regarded as having been inherited by his closest cognate relative on the basis of the testament of Frederic-Henry , Frederick I of Prussia , who ceded the principality -- at least the lands , but not the formal title -- to France in 1713 .
It is often used as an aid in teaching simple addition and subtraction , especially involving negative numbers .
A transverse wave is a moving wave that consists of oscillations occurring perpendicular to the direction of energy transfer .
The Wu-Tang Clan ( ) is a hip-hop group that consists of : RZA , GZA , Method Man , Raekwon , Ghostface Killah , Inspectah Deck , U-God , Masta Killa , and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard .
The Vice Principal is Phor Hoay Guan .
Paolo Mazza ( 1901 -- 31 December 1981 ) was an Italian football manager .
Types There are three main classes of manures used in soil management : Animal manures Most animal manure is feces .
Calumet City is in Illinois ' 2nd congressional district . Calumet City is featured or mentioned in a number of major movies .
Kaohsiung County was a county in southern Taiwan that enclosed but did not include Kaohsiung City .
Farming of both crops and domestic animals was adopted in Britain around 4,500 BC at least partly because of the need for reliable food sources .
Simon F. Green and John K. Davies , while searching Infrared Astronomical Satellite ( IRAS ) data for moving objects , discovered 3200 Phaethon ( 1983 TB ) in images from October 11 , 1983 .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al .
Asparagus officinalis is a flowering plant species in the genus Asparagus from which the vegetable known as asparagus is obtained .
It was released in 1995 for DOS and Apple Macintosh , and in 1996 for the PlayStation .
In 2008 Drezden Olympiad , she played on board 1 , for Georgia , that won the gold medal ( 1st place ) , and she also won gold medal for best performance ( 2715 pt ) .
McCune -- Reischauer romanization is one of the two most widely used Korean language romanization systems , along with the Revised Romanization of Korean , which replaced ( a modified ) McCune -- Reischauer as the official romanization system in South Korea in 2000 .
His joint feast day with Fisher is 22 June .
The single , '' Te wo Tsunaide '' only did slightly better than '' My Lover '' , just making it into the top 50 at # 50 .
From 25 February 2008 to 13 February 2009 , the show was sponsored by ITV Bingo ( powered by Party Gaming ) and from 2 November 2009 to the present day the show is now sponsored by Carpet Right .
Most people and even chemists refer to orthophosphoric acid as phosphoric acid , which is the IUPAC name for this compound .
It may be a technique of decorative art , an aspect of interior decoration , or of cultural and spiritual significance as in a cathedral .
The show 's first two seasons each consisted of 20 episodes , while the third season had 21 .
That all changed , however , in January 1981 when the NWA territory based out of San Francisco , the last remaining promotion outside the Mid-Atlantic territory that recognized its own U.S. Champion , went out of business .
Year 1428 ( MCDXXVIII ) was a leap year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The term '' libretto '' is also sometimes used to refer to the text of major liturgical works , such as mass , requiem , and sacred cantata .
Icon : Jerusalem ( hymn ) Feature : And did those feet ?
It is also the period of recreational and discretionary time before or after compulsory activities such as eating and sleeping , going to work or running a business , attending school and doing homework , household chores , and day-to-day stress .
Norrent-Fontes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A revolt against the Venetian rulers in Crete fails .
Eruptions at the volcano since 1927 have built a new island in the same location , named Anak Krakatau ( which is Indonesian for '' Child of Krakatoa '' ) .
Furthermore , it is of three years duration in Australia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , India , Iraq , Israel , New Zealand , Iceland , Norway , Singapore , the Caribbean , South Africa , Switzerland , and the Canadian province of Quebec .
Radiation hardening is a method of designing and testing electronic components and systems to make them resistant to damage or malfunctions caused by ionizing radiation ( particle radiation and high-energy electromagnetic radiation ) , such as would be encountered in outer space , high-altitude flight , around nuclear reactors , particle accelerators , or during nuclear accidents or nuclear warfare .
Also , another very important topic which somewhat strains ties between Islamabad and Khartoum is the December 2001 transferral of Al-Jazeera photographer Sami al-Hajj at the hands of the Pakistani government to Guantanamo Bay .
Odyssey ( Fischerspooner album )
Brkich defeated fellow competitor and future husband Rob '' Boston Rob '' Mariano who had previously competed in the series ' fourth season , Survivor : Marquesas in a 4-3 vote .
The bishops of Geneva had the status of prince of the Holy Roman Empire since 1154 , but had to maintain a long struggle for their independence against the guardians ( advocati ) of the see , the counts of Geneva and later the counts of the House of Savoy .
The four genera Hydrurga , Leptonychotes , Lobodon , and Ommatophoca form a monophyletic group , the tribe Lobodontini .
The colony decide to go in search of Shade 's father , Cassiel .
This distress signal was first adopted by the German government in radio regulations effective April 1 , 1905 , and became the worldwide standard under the second International Radiotelegraphic Convention , which was signed on November 3 , 1906 and became effective on July 1 , 1908 .
He is believed to be in Pakistan directing the Taliban insurgency against NATO forces and the Karzai administration in Afghanistan .
Dasht
Booting from CD\/HDD\/UFD \/O/ Network
The Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) is the Air Force branch of the Australian Defence Force .
Notrium is a freeware video game for Microsoft Windows .
TU Dresden is a campus university in most aspects .
Several of the tracks were written in Lavigne 's youth .
Spinosaurus was in the 2001 film Jurassic Park III .
By Topic Religion Fatimid Caliph al-Hakim orders the destruction of all Jewish and Christian places of worship .
Pohjola is a Steinway Distinguished Artist since 1997 , and a major visiting artist at Berklee College of Music since 2006 .
Adolf Hitler , who had been sworn in as Chancellor of Germany four weeks before , on 30 January , urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency decree to counter the '' ruthless confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany '' .
The first four Crash Bandicoot games were developed by Naughty Dog .
The history of the Four Color Theorem contains examples of false proofs accidentally accepted by other mathematicians at the time .
On his eleventh birthday , Harry learns he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid arrives to tell him that he is to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
The Strategic Defense Initiative ( SDI ) was a proposal by U.S. President Ronald Reagan on March 23 , 1983Federation of American Scientists .
Pleine-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Distinctives of Digambar Digambara is one of the two main sects of Jainism , the other being Svetambar .
Sitooterie II , Barnards Farm , West Horndon , Essex .
History The district was created in 1938 , when the two former districts Bensheim and Heppenheim were merged .
After completing his studies Dukas worked as a music critic and orchestrator .
Cristiano Doni ( born April 1 , 1973 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Atalanta BC , as an attacking midfielder .
Tenet held the position as the DCI from July 1997 to July 2004 , making him the second-longest-serving director in the agency 's history- behind Allen Welsh Dulles- as well as one of the few DCIs to serve under two U.S. presidents of opposing political parties .
Esquay-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from starwort , remaining absolutely silent until the last one has been completed , she can free her brothers from Oonagh 's spell .
This includes 8 cards which are available as a result of a Burger King cross-promotion ; such cards are marked with the code ABK ( Avatar Burger King ) .
The magazine debuted in July 1980 , with Johnny Winter appearing on the cover .
With multiple staging , they can achieve extremely high output pressures greater than .
Her father secured her a place as maid-of-honour to the King 's sister , Princess Mary Tudor , who was going to Paris to marry King Louis XII of France .
The Lorentz factor or Lorentz term appears in several equations in special relativity , including time dilation , length contraction , and the relativistic mass formula .
It is located some 25 kilometers north of Geneva 's downtown , and since the 1970s it has become part of the Geneva metropolitan area .
Ghillie suits vary with the terrain in which the sniper wishes to blend with .
Other members of the Nevin family showed musical inclinations as well ; Nevin 's younger brother , Arthur , also achieved some renown as a composer , as did his cousins George and Gordon Balch Nevin .
In October 1451 , Bogdan was assassinated and Vlad fled to Hungary .
In 1997 she appeared on Ken Russell 's '' In Search of English Folk Song '' broadcast of Channel 4 .
Millbury is a town in Worcester County , Massachusetts , United States .
The Pakenham railway line in Melbourne , Australia is the suburban electrified portion of the railway to Bairnsdale in eastern Gippsland .
Some of the more notable events of the early modern period included the Reformation and the religious conflicts it provoked ( including the French Wars of Religion and the Thirty Years ' War ) , the European colonization of the Americas and the peak of the European witch-hunt phenomenon .
Later that night , Michaels faced off against the Spirit Squad in a Steel Cage match .
The show features the efforts of Ares , the god of war , played by Kevin Tod Smith , who attempts often to destroy his younger half-brother to win over Zeus ' good graces .
In 1957 there were only 260 deaths in the whole country attributed to abortions of any kind , second , and even more important , the conference abortion sponsored by Planned Parenthood estimated that 90 percent of all illegal abortions are presently being done by physicians .
Milk simply labeled '' pasteurised '' is usually treated with the HTST method , whereas milk labeled '' ultra-pasteurised '' or simply '' UHT '' has been treated with the UHT method .
Known as '' The Magician from Riga '' , Tal was the archetype of the attacking player , developing an extremely powerful and imaginative style of play .
Stylistically , his music can be heard as a mid-point between the simplicity and homophonic textures of Dufay and Binchois , and the pervading imitation of Josquin and Gombert .
Operation Searchlight was a planned military extermination carried out by the Pakistan Army to curb the Bengali nationalist movement in erstwhile East Pakistan in March 1971 .
The Rufous-Crested Coquette ( Lophornis delattrei ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Phenix City is a city in Russell County in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Prior to this , the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to hang a banner stating '' NHL League Champions '' .
During the first four seasons of the show , he works as a private detective in a fictionalized version of Los Angeles , California , where he and a variety of associates work to '' help the helpless '' and to restore the faith and save the souls of those who have lost their way .
In the second act , Luckless seeks assistance to help finish his play , The Pleasures of the Town , but is poorly advised , and the work is rejected by his local theater . Luckless revises his play and succeeds in finding an alternative venue , leading to the third act , in which the work is performed as a puppet show , with actors taking the place of the puppets .
Religious tolerance for Catholics with an established Church of England was policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule .
In 1866 Lord Robert , now Viscount Cranborne after the death of his older brother , entered the third government of Lord Derby as Secretary of State for India .
Gupta dynasty rulers The main branch of the Gupta dynasty ruled the Gupta Empire in India , from around 320 to 550 .
Todire ti is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
It is concerned with threats to the overall health of a community based on population health analysis . The population in question can be as small as a handful of people or as large as all the inhabitants of several continents ( for instance , in the case of a pandemic ) .
The very term liturgy is derived from the Greek leitourgia meaning '' public service '' and is formed by two words : '' laos '' ( people ) and '' urgos '' ( work ) , literally '' work of the people '' .
Originally named Warsaw , the band primarily consisted of Ian Curtis ( vocals and occasional guitar ) , Bernard Sumner ( guitar and keyboards ) , Sumner was also credited as '' Bernard Dicken '' , '' Bernard Albrecht '' and '' Bernard Albrecht-Dicken '' on Joy Division releases Peter Hook ( bass guitar and backing vocals ) and Stephen Morris ( drums and percussion ) .
Serving as Nintendo 's mascot and the main protagonist of the series , Mario has appeared in over 200 video games since his creation .
The precise pathogenesis , or cause , of vitiligo is complex and not yet fully understood .
The CPU and hard drive frequently use a cache , as do web browsers and web servers .
There are a number of terrestrial and amphibious limbless vertebrates and invertebrates .
National Football Teams profile He was part of the Brazil squad that won the Football World Cup 1970 , having himself contributed to the famous goal by Carlos Alberto Torres against Italy in the final : Clodoaldo dribbled past four of the opposition 's players in his own half before starting a series of passes that ended in the goal .
Arthur '' Art '' Blakey ( October 11 , 1919 - October 16 , 1990 ) , known later as Abdullah Ibn Buhaina , was an American jazz drummer and bandleader .
A simple example is when equally-spaced divisions on the vertical axis of a chart are labeled 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , instead of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .
His family moved to Paris to escape the Franco-Prussian War .
The gluten bonds in the maize are weakened and starch is released .
The area of the present district of Unna was formerly part of the County of the Mark , which later belonged to Prussia .
Following several years of work , Louis Essen from the National Physical Laboratory ( Teddington , England ) and William Markowitz from the United States Naval Observatory ( USNO ) determined the relationship between the hyperfine transition frequency of the cesium atom and the ephemeris second .
Colomieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
An Inuk is an Inuit person .
It was officially named after the mythological Adrastea , foster mother of Greek god Zeus -- the equivalent of Roman god Jupiter .
Walters attached the balloons to his lawn chair , filled them with helium , put on a parachute , and strapped himself into the chair in the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro He took his pellet gun , a CB radio , sandwiches , cold beer , and a camera .
His eye-rolling song-and-dance routines eventually led to his nickname , '' Banjo Eyes '' . In 1933 , the artist Frederick J. Garner caricatured Cantor with large round eyes resembling the drum-like pot of a banjo .
Joint custody is an arrangement whereby both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have physical custody .
The largest animals generally eat first , while the smaller ones follow a hierarchy .
Cattle are also grazed in the province , which was , until 1975 , part of the Oriente province that was divided into five smaller provinces by the Cuban government .
If Psyche is the core remnant of a larger parent body , we might expect other asteroids on similar orbits .
Edmund accompanies everyone , except Susan , into Aslan 's country .
Because of its higher signaling voltages , SAS can use cables up to long , SATA has a cable-length limit of .
( prounounced '' Zeh-vee-us '' as per the phonetics of the original Japanese ( katakana ) rendering , '' Zee-vee-us '' as per television advertising by the American licensor ) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game by Namco , released in 1982 .
As it developed , Terry found the idol and never needed to use it at a vote , but his possession of it appeared to influence how several other people voted .
A text box 's purpose is to allow the user to input text information to be used by the program .
Henry Cleere .
The virus is prevalent in late summer and autumn .
Kei Omoto ( born July 21 , 1984 in Chiba ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu .
This species is a widespread summer migrant to Europe and Asia , and winters in Africa .
Her most notable characters on The Simpsons include Agnes Skinner , Brandine Spuckler , and Lindsey Naegle , while her performance as Mom is her most notable Futurama role .
However , older definitions , and many older maps , place its start a few miles up the Goyt ; for example the 1911 Encyclopedia Britannica states '' It is formed by the junction of the Goyt and the Etherow a short distance below Marple in Cheshire on the first-named stream . ''
Although now called rondo form , the form started off in the Baroque period as the ritornello , from the Italian word ritornare meaning '' to return '' - indicating the return to the original theme or motif ( '' A '' ) .
Peter Tatchell has accused Stonewall of endorsing discrimination by holding champagne receptions for celebrities and politicians supported by HSBC , despite its being sued by Peter Lewis in 2005 for unfair dismissal on grounds of sexual orientation .
Throughout the series , she executes missions given to her by the Galactic Federation while hunting the antagonistic Space Pirates and their leader , Ridley , along with the energy-draining alien parasites called Metroids .
The number 893 can also refer to Japanese traditional organized crime groups , Yakuza .
Caroline Flint ( L )
Numbers between 2,000 and 4,000 exist in the wild .
Besides counts of fruit , addition can also represent combining other physical and abstract quantities using different kinds of numbers : negative numbers , fractions , irrational numbers , vectors , decimals and more .
A backstage segment took place , with Triple H seen having his ribs iced . Vince McMahon then made the announcement that Randy Orton was using his rematch clause to allow him a rematch for the WWE Championship that night .
The founding of the Gordon Robertson Educational Centre , now Inuksuk High School , in the early 1970s at Iqaluit confirmed the government 's commitment to the community as an administrative center .
As of 2006 , the city had a total population of 65,793 .
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
Solutions of sulfate salts such as Epsom salts or sodium sulfate may be given as first aid for barium poisoning , as they precipitate the barium as the insoluble ( and non-toxic ) barium sulfate .
Pakenham is classed as a Premium Station , is in Metcard Zone 2 and is the terminus for Pakenham line .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released May 30 , 2007 , on Def Jam Recordings .
The Ancient Greeks covered their bread with oils , herbs and cheese .
Stoke City Football Club is a football club based in Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire , England .
Meanwhile a water melon and Neil Peart keep watching everything the Aqua Teens do in the water melon 's ship .
She has written novels , poetry , children 's books , essays , and short stories , most notably in the genres of fantasy and science fiction .
Alfred Tayler and his wife moved to Kermanshah , Iran , in order to take up a job as a clerk for the Imperial Bank of Persia and it was here that Doris was born in 1919 .
Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro won the constructors ' title .2008 FIA Formula One World Championship Classifications Retrieved from www.fia.com on 13 November 2008 In winning the title , Hamilton became the youngest driver ever to win the title and the first black driver to do so .
The population was 170 at the 2000 census .
In water sports : small rope
Virginia In Virginia , a town is an incorporated municipality similar to a city ( though with a smaller required minimum population ) , but while cities are by Virginia law independent of counties , towns are contained within a county .
The provinces of Goryeo ( modern-day Korea ) are redistributed .
Like any free software license , the Apache License allows the user of the software the freedom to use the software for any purpose , to distribute it , to modify it , and to distribute modified versions of the software , under the terms of the license .
The placebo effect has sometimes been defined as a physiological effect caused by the placebo , but Moerman and Jonas have pointed out that this seems illogical , as a placebo is an inert substance which does not directly cause anything . Instead they introduced the word '' meaning response '' for the meaning the brain associates with the placebo , which causes a physiological placebo effect .
She is/was the younger sister of Hanna-Elise Krabbe , another terrorist .
Personal life Bell was born in Orange County , California .
Beekes shows that Thieme 's derivation from \* som wid - is semantically untenable .
He was nominated to the see of Rochester on 8 January 1472 and consecrated Bishop of Rochester on 15 March and was successively translated to the see of Worcester on 15 July 1476 and the see of Ely on 6 October 1486 .
In 1843 , white missionaries arrived in Coweta to teach the Indian children .
Holborn is also the name of the area 's principal east-west street , running as High Holborn from St Giles 's High Street to Gray 's Inn Road ( the junction being roughly where Holborn Bar - the entrance to the City of London - was ) and then on to Holborn Viaduct .
The National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain ( NYO ) is an orchestra of about 150 young musicians from the United Kingdom .
Vilnius International Airport serves most Lithuanian international flights to many major European destinations .
It lies on the southern coast of Santiago island in the Sotavento group .
His best known works concerned the recurring character Philip Collin , who was simultaneously a detective and a thief .
This was subject to a successful take-over by Whitbread PLC in the autumn of 2000 .
The fruit is not very well known outside of South America and a few backyard growers in South Florida .
In Jacksonville , the stadium was padlocked shut without warning on game day , by order of the city 's Parks and Public Property director .
Thus far , the first six books have been made into a series of motion pictures by Warner Bros. , with the sixth , Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , released on 15 July 2009 .
Events of 1686 May 4 -- The Municipality of Ilagan is founded in the Philippines .
The word pedal comes from the Latin ( pes , Pedis ) and relates to the foot .
It was first titled Bambi and the Great Prince , but was renamed Bambi and the Great Prince of the Forest and later Bambi II .
June Tabor ( born 31 December 1947 in Warwick , England ) is an English folk singer .
Euroa contains several retirement villages , one high school , and two primary schools ( one Catholic ) .
The band continued their success with their third album Big Game .
Melbourne Central is a large shopping , office , and public transport hub in the city of Melbourne , Australia .
The doctrinal decisions of the council are divided into decrees ( decreta ) , which contain the positive statement of the conciliar dogmas , and into short canons ( canones ) , which condemn the dissenting Protestant views with the concluding '' anathema sit '' ( '' let him be anathema '' ) .
It provided the country with a constitution and was the building block of the German Empire , which adopted most parts of the federation 's constitution and its flag .
The show has become a popular internet phenomenon since its debut and has also won a cult following .
Johann Heinrich Schmelzer ( c. 1620 23 between 29 February and 20 March 1680 ) was an Austrian composer and violinist of the Baroque era .
For example , a divided by b is written This can be read out loud as '' a divided by b '' , '' a by b '' or '' a over b '' .
Tekken is a fighting game and is the first of the series of the same name .
John Grisham 's Biography The book also became the 7th bestselling novel of 1991 .
Grant made his headquarters with the Army of the Potomac , and put Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman in command of most of the western armies .
Wallpapers can come either plain ( so that it can be painted ) , or with patterned graphics .
Despite observations made in the 1990s by the Galileo spacecraft , very little is known about the moon 's physical characteristics outside its size and the fact that it is tidally locked to Jupiter .
Shirley MacLaine ( born April 24 , 1934 ) is an American film and theater actress , dancer , activist , and author , well-known for her beliefs in new age spirituality and reincarnation .
Buffy receives guidance from her Watcher , Rupert Giles ( played by Anthony Stewart Head ) .
Another city motto states : Never other weapons we shall take that those we elect ; and we claim for encouragement : we want Freedom or death .
The Axel is a figure skating jump with a forward take-off .
After winning the 2008 match , John Cena became the first superstar to use his championship opportunity at an event ( No Way Out 2008 ) other than WrestleMania .
New France became a Royal Province in 1663 under King Louis XIV of France with a Sovereign Council that included intendant Jean Talon .
It is frequently the day of the Autumnal Equinox in the Northern Hemisphere , and the Vernal Equinox in the Southern Hemisphere .
The Late Jurassic Morrison Formation is found in several U.S. states , including Colorado , Utah , Wyoming , Montana , New Mexico , Oklahoma , South Dakota , and Texas .
The record was released on July 7 , 2009 and titled Nothing Personal .
Remembering Theeran Chinnamalai Tamil Nadu government constructed a '' Mani Mandapam '' ( memorial ) for Theeran Chinnamalai in Arachalur , Erode district at a cost of about Indian Rupee 30 lakhs .
The Mets play in Hunter Wright Stadium named after former Mayor Hunter Wright .
He was pronounced dead in the hospital at 10:10 p.m. JST .
They separate the Iberian Peninsula from the rest of continental Europe , and extend for about from the Bay of Biscay ( Cap Higuer ) to the Mediterranean Sea ( Cap de Creus ) .
It is focused on readers who tend to be quite different from the typical Wikipedia reader with different needs , for example , people for whom English is not a first language , students , children , translators , and people with learning disabilities or those who read below a proficient level .
Saint-Martin-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The mall is organized into four different zones , each with its own decorative style .
Supporters of Tottenham Hotspur ( and the club itself ) have campaigned for a surface station to be opened next to Northumberland Park Station , adjacent to the line 's depot .
After failing to capture the Intercontinental Championship from Johnny Nitro over the next few weeks , including at Unforgiven , Hardy finally defeated Nitro to win his second Intercontinental Championship on the October 2 episode of Raw .
Saint-Denis ( or unofficially Saint-Denis de la Runion for disambiguation ) is the prfecture ( administrative capital ) of the French overseas rgion and overseas dpartement of Runion , in the Indian Ocean .
Nelsons was born in Riga .
Yuya Nakamura is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Same-sex marriage is a term used to describe a legally or socially recognized marriage between two persons of the same biological sex or social gender .
Eventually , though , the Games were canceled .
The Town of Southbridge is a town in Worcester County , Massachusetts , United States .
Hallines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The peanuts , or groundnut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , is a species in the legume '' bean '' family ( Fabaceae ) .
'' Billboard Hot 100 ( 46\/2006 ) : Charts '' .
Their name is derived from their original five members ( Zax Wang , Jason Hsu , Sam Wang , Rio Peng and band leader Tony Sun ) , working in six entertainment fields ( singing , movies and dramas , hosting , modelling , commercials , and dancing ) .
Parallel evolution occurs when two independent species evolve together at the same time in the same ecospace and acquire similar characteristics -- for instance extinct browsing-horses and paleotheres .
Abstract algebra is the subject area of mathematics that studies algebraic structures , such as groups , rings , fields , modules , vector spaces , and algebras . The phrase abstract algebra was coined at the turn of the 20th century to distinguish this area from what was normally referred to as algebra , the study of the rules for manipulating formulae and algebraic expressions involving unknowns and real or complex numbers , often now called elementary algebra .
The United Kingdom general election , 1997 was held on 1 May 1997 , more than five years after the previous election on 9 April 1992 , to elect 659 members to the British House of Commons .
P. platyops
However , it can also be used to write other languages , such as English ( most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English ) .
Schapelle Leigh Corby ( born 10 July 1977 ) is an Australian convicted of drug smuggling who is imprisoned in Indonesia .
John ( '' Sid '' ) and his mother moved to the island of Ibiza .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
In the fall of 1984 , Ebersol departed from tradition by adding several cast members with established comedic careers , including Billy Crystal , Martin Short , and Harry Shearer .
The duration of an exposure is referred to as shutter speed , often even in cameras that do n't have a physical shutter , and is typically measured in fractions of a second .
It was written and directed by Steven Lisberger .
A sandpit or sandbox is a low , wide container or shallow depression filled with sand in which children can play .
The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays , a veteran of the American Revolution who led the rebels , known as '' Shaysites '' or '' Regulators '' .
He was one of the few members of the RAF movement who did not attend a university .
As a breeding stallion he sired seven crops , or years , of foals , among whom Doc Bar was the best known .
To be classified as a true mineral , a substance must have a crystal structure with uniform physical properties throughout .
Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun ( March 23 , 1912 & ndash ; June 16 , 1977 ) was a German-American rocket scientist , engineer and space architect , becoming one of the leading figures in the creation of rocket technology in Germany and the United States .
Today , Salt Lake City is still home to the headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS , also known as the Mormon Church ) .
Pant is a village in Shropshire , England .
This line of the Berlin S-Bahn connected Bernau with the Stettiner Bahnhof ( today Berlin Nordbahnhof ) in Berlin .
He is widely regarded as being Canada 's pre-eminent musician , from the 1920s through the 1950s .
Origanum is a genus of about 20 species of aromatic herbs in the family Lamiaceae , native to the Mediterranean region east to eastern Asia .
Transportation Transportation to and from Sartell is limited to surface roads , mainly U.S. Route 10 and Minnesota State Highway 15 , both of which pass along the outskirts of the city .
where F is the resultant force acting on the body , m is the mass of the body , and a is its acceleration .
In linguistics and pedagogy , an interlinear gloss is a series of brief descriptions or definitions ( in one or two words ) placed between a line of original text ( or its transliteration ) and its translation in another language , so that each line of the original text acquires multiple lines of transcription known as an interlinear text or interlinear glossed text ( IGT ) interlinear for short .
The City of Groton is a dependent political subdivision of the Town of Groton in New London County , Connecticut , United States .
During the autumn of 2008 , the band went on a short tour of North America , which included an appearance at the Virgin Mobile Festival in Toronto on 6 September 2008 , as well as the band 's first ever American college show at Syracuse University .
The Greeks ' understanding of acoustics compares very favourably with the current state of the art , as even with the invention of microphones , there are very few modern large theaters that have truly good acoustics .
You could see her there ev'ry day , Shout '' Hurray '' When they 'd play .
For administrative purposes , Pianosa forms part of the Elba island municipality .
The state also holds many hydroelectric power plants , including Furnas .
An ion consisting of a single atom is called a monatomic ion .
Tab key ( abbreviation of tabulator key ) on a keyboard is used to advance the cursor to the next tab stop .
Melina made her WWE singles debut in 2005 , and is a three-time WWE Women 's Champion , winning the belt twice in 2007 and once in 2009 .
They recruited drummer Brett Reed and formed Rancid .
In this aspect , Amrita is similar to the Greek ambrosia ; both is what the gods drink , and what made them deities .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
It has also the only yaks in the Finland .
The city is located approximately 50 miles north of Medellin , the department capital .
It could accommodate 40 inmates , and accepted paupers from other parishes , including Melbourne , Pentrich , Willington , Mercaston and Denby .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
Thus , he advocates the usage of both '' Hmong '' and '' Mong '' when referring to the entire ethnic group .
The original lineup of Gene Clark , Michael Clarke , David Crosby , Chris Hillman and Roger McGuinn was honored at this induction .
Another example is the term civil war , which is not an oxymoron , but can be claimed to be so for humorous effect , if civil is construed as meaning ` polite ' rather than ` between citizens of the same state ' .
It was first released in Japan , and was later released in North America .
It is the third game in the main Jak and Daxter series .
Susan Blakeslee as Cruella de Vil ( credited as Susanne Blakeslee )
There is a tendency for people to assume that their own opinions , beliefs , preferences , values and habits are ` normal ' and that others also think the same way that they do .
John Stuart Mill , in his work , On Liberty , was the first to recognize the difference between liberty as the freedom to act and liberty as the absence of coercion .
Maricopa County Community College District
Solvay-based chemical plants now produce roughly three-fourths of this supply , with the remainder being mined from natural deposits .
Since 1989 , he has been visiting professor at the Royal College of Art .
Italian opera seria ( invariably to Italian librettos ) was produced not only in Italy but also in Habsburg Austria , England , Saxony and other German states , even in Spain , and other countries .
Foot-Ball Brindisi 1912 is an Italian football club located in Brindisi , Apulia .
MeshName = Liver
Chronic phase CML is treated with inhibitors of tyrosine kinase , the first of which was imatinib mesylate ( marketed as Gleevec or Glivec ; previously known as STI-571 ) .
For example , some binary groups such as alt .
Two-note combinations are also called dyads .
Industries/Jobs Mining Apple Farming Fishing Railways Par is Golant 's nearest main line station , Golant railway station was situated alongside the river to the south of the village .
January 4 & ndash ; WWII : The Battle of Monte Cassino begins .
This was followed by a television series , Lilo & Stitch : The Series , which ran from September 20 , 2003 to July 29 , 2006 .
Barium carbonate ( BaCO3 ) , also known as witherite , is a chemical compound used in rat poison , bricks , ceramic glazes and cement .
In October 2008 the team confirmed that they would stick with Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld as their drivers for the season .
Linus was discovered on August 29 , 2001 by Jean-Luc Margot and Michael E. Brown , while another team led by William Merline also independently detected the moon 3 days later .
The present-day species are native to South Asia and can be found from and Sri Lanka to southern China , Taiwan , Japan ( Boso Peninsula and Oshima Island ) , India and Indonesian islands .
Because it is composed of nine triangles , it is known as the Navayoni Chakra .
The New Zealand Nuclear Free Zone , Disarmament , and Arms Control Act 1987 prohibits the stationing of nuclear weapons on the territory of New Zealand and the entry into New Zealand waters of nuclear armed or propelled ships .
p. 172
Stoker 's novel was merely the culminating work of a long series of works that were inspired by the reports coming from the Balkans and Hungary .
Their lyrics often include an atheistic theme , in particular their second album 's title track , '' Wall Of Arms '' .
Gebhard thus suffered a nine year exile , and was allowed to return shortly before his death and was buried in Admont .
Uwe Rahn ( born May 21 , 1962 in Mannheim ) is a former German football player .
They are the only German islands not in the immediate vicinity of the mainland and are approximately three hours ' sailing time from Cuxhaven at the mouth of the River Elbe .
California , with the highest median home price in the nation and home prices that far outpaced incomes , only ranked eighth with a median household income of $ 59,948 .
The Niagara IceDogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada .
Currently , in Canada , Thanksgiving is celebrated on the second Monday of October and in the United States , it is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November .
Some of the voice actors who voiced the characters in the films were unable to reprise their roles for the series .
In the United States many states have laws restricting public profanity , excessive noise , and disorderly conduct .
The town 's Australian Rules football\/Netball team is the Clunes Magpies , competing in the Central Highlands Football\/Netball League .
The contents of the axilla include the axillary vein and artery , as well as the brachial plexus , lymph nodes and fat .
For this achievement Titus was awarded a triumph ; the Arch of Titus commemorates his victory to this day .
His father died in 1877 when List was 29 years old .
The United States Attorney General is the head of the United States Department of Justice ( see ) concerned with legal affairs and is the chief law enforcement officer of the United States government .
After the Spanish Reconquista , it once again became a Roman Catholic church , with a Gothic cathedral later inserted into the center of the large Moorish building .
A crest is the point on a wave with the maximum value or upward displacement within a cycle .
It appears that females are less likely to masturbate while in an active heterosexual relationship than men .
On the evening of May 27 , 1971 , shortly after 21:00 , a train made up of two Class VT 95 railbuses of the Deutsche Bundesbahn was running as special service Eto 42227 ( units 795 375 + 995 325 ) on the single-track line between Wuppertal-Oberbarmen and Radevormwald , the so-called Wupper valley line .
Several PETA undercover investigations and videos of these and other KFC suppliers purporting to show chickens being beaten , ripped apart , and thrown against walls contradict KFC 's claims .
Floyd Landis is the second child and oldest son of Paul and Arlene Landis . His childhood home is located in the village of Farmersville in West Earl Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
The company was founded in 1935 as a merger between Fox Film Corporation and 20th Century Pictures .
Edward Theodore Gein ( ; August 27 , 1906 -- July 26 , 1984 ) was an American murderer and grave robber .
On the June 10 , 2002 edition of Raw , Vince McMahon became the sole owner of World Wrestling Entertainment when he defeated Flair in a No Holds Barred match .
In 1995 , Tesco overtook Sainsbury 's to become the market leader , and Asda became the second largest in 2003 , demoting Sainsbury 's into third place .
The club initially played at Park Hollow in the grounds of the old Nottingham Castle .
The bugle is used mainly in the military where the bugle call is used to indicate the daily routines of camp .
They occur at depths ranging to about 400 metres , but mainly between 0 to 70 metres .
Earlier , the waste disposal system merely consisted of collecting waste and dumping it on ground or into a river .
Japan had plans for other puppet states .
Other window managers can be downloaded using APT .
Wine has been made in India for many thousands of years according to some Vedic scripture .
At one point during the season , the storm was one of four simultaneous Atlantic tropical systems , along with Humberto , Iris , and Karen .
Governor of Virginia Jefferson served as governor of Virginia from 1779 -- 1781 .
Because he is poor , however , this relationship collapses as well ; Rosalind decides to marry a wealthy man instead .
The band was formed by guitarist Dexter Holland and bassist Greg Kriesel , who met on their high school cross-country team , under the name '' Manic Subsidal '' .
At the end of the century French troops led by Napoleon Bonaparte conquered Arezzo , but the city soon turned into a resistance base against the invaders with the '' Viva Maria '' movement , winning the city the role of provincial capital .
The term is sometimes popularly taken to mean '' knowledge meant only for certain people '' or '' knowledge that must be kept hidden '' , but for most practicing occultists it is simply the study of a deeper spiritual reality that extends beyond pure reason and the physical sciences .
The book and its sequel , The Road Back , were among the books banned and burned in Nazi Germany .
On returning to England he was in Jesuit orders for a while , before working as a secular priest .
Danville Schools serves the city of Danville .
Anbangbang Billabong lies in the shadow of Nourlangie Rock and is inhabited by a wide range of wildlife which would have sustained traditional Aboriginal people well .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the acquisition and sale of animal fur .
The original 1:2 head to height ratio became 1:2.5 .
Mbombela Stadium is a newly built , all-seater , 40,929-seat stadium and was one of the ten venues for the FIFA World Cup 2010 .
It sold 2.5 million copies in twenty-five languages in its first eighteen months in print .
Politics The cantonal executive ( Regierungsrat ) is composed of seven members .
Eggs are usually laid according to the substrate the larva will feed on upon hatching .
Its purpose , in a building or an automobile , is to provide comfort during either hot or cold weather .
For several years prior to the staged November 2008 Mumbai attacks , Pakistan 's relations with India had been gradually improving , which opened up Pakistan 's foreign policy to issues beyond security .
After ' in 1991 , the series went in hiatus until 1997 , when it resumed with The Curse of Monkey Island .
The Boeing 747 is a widebody commercial airliner and cargo transport , often referred to by the nickname Jumbo Jet '' Woman to build house out of 747 . ''
Bossugan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
This situation is known as a cache hit .
It lies in the heart of the Thar Desert and has a population of about 78,000 .
It is part of the Knight of the Swan tradition .
Harare ( or , before 1982 known as Salisbury ) is the largest city and capital of Zimbabwe .
Kwanzaa is a celebration that has its roots in the black nationalist movement of the 1960s , and was established as a means to help African Americans reconnect with their African cultural and historical heritage by uniting in meditation and study of African traditions and Nguzu Saba , the '' seven principles of blackness '' which Karenga said '' is a communitarian African philosophy '' .
It quickly became the second city of the Kingdom of Naples .
On 25 January 2010 , the team 's livery was publicly unveiled at the Mercedes museum in Stuttgart , with Schumacher and Rosberg in attendance .
Randy Duane Couture ( ; born June 22 , 1963 ) is an American mixed martial artist , Greco-Roman wrestler , actor , a three-time former heavyweight champion and a two-time light-heavyweight champion of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
The shoulder rest is an accessory that can be found on violins and violas .
As a result , the city has the highest income level .
Some of the more prevalent today and historically are ( chronologically by apparent date of development ) : straight rail , cushion caroms , balkline , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
The type has been produced in side valve , overhead valve and overhead cam configurations .
An official soundtrack was released in Japan on July 21 , 1994 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan .
Skor is a candy bar produced by The Hershey Company .
Cerizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Dole is currently special counsel at the Washington , D.C. office of law firm Alston & Bird .
History After the 1815 Congress of Vienna Saxony had to cede large amounts of its territory to Prussia .
It has approximately 704 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
Tsukasa Hosaka ( born March 3 , 1937 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
BBC News - '' Azores escape worst of hurricane '' Spain Gordon hit the northwestern province of Galicia as an intensifying extratropical storm early on September 21 .
Champ-du-Boult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The center of population of Utah is located in Utah County in the city of Lehi .
She was also known for her affair with Louisiana governor Earl Long .
Baldwin County , due to its proximity to the Gulf of Mexico frequently endures tropical weather systems which often are Hurricanes .
Besides its economic and political significance Cologne also became an outstanding center of medieval pilgrimage , when Cologne 's Archbishop Rainald of Dassel gave the relics of the Three Wise Men to Cologne 's cathedral in 1164 ( after they in fact had been captured from Milan ) .
The only incorporated municipality centered in Durham County is the city of Durham .
Gilmore City is a city in Humboldt and Pocahontas Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Bold stations are termini , italic stations are staffed at least part time ( this has been confirmed ) .
The stadium is jointly owned by the State of California , Los Angeles County , and the City of Los Angeles ; it is currently managed by the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Commission , which has board members drawn from the three ownership interests .
Misora recorded 1,200 songs , and sold 68 million records .
U-235 is used for fission in nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons .
His family moved often during his childhood , living in Eureka , California , Seattle , Ottawa , the Netherlands , and Switzerland .
Early life Steinmeier was born in Detmold .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
This is roughly the activity of 1 gram of the radium isotope 226Ra , a substance studied by the pioneers of radiology , Marie and Pierre Curie , for whom the unit was named .
The type specimen was the Taung Child , an Australopithecine infant discovered in a cave .
Hundreds of bone fragments belonging to more than 90 persons , as well as wooden weaponry and flintstone arrowheads have been discovered .
The sweet pulp is used to make juice as well as candies , sorbets , and ice cream flavorings .
There are various differences between XHTML and HTML .
Portable Document Format ( PDF ) is an open standard for document exchange .
It was headed by the Postmaster General .
She believes he 's thinking of having an affair , which she calls , '' evil on your mind '' .
Karajan and Anita divorced in 1958 .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
From 1934 until 1938 Murray was the Commanding Officer of the Australian Army Service Corps , 1st Division , and he continued to draw his civilian business and military interests more closely together .
San Felipe de Puerto Plata
The Carnac stones are an exceptionally dense collection of megalithic sites around the French village of Carnac , in Brittany , consisting of alignments , dolmens , tumuli and single menhirs .
However , unlike in modern-style rectrices ( tail feathers ) , the vanes were not branched into individual filaments but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet .
In the episode , Homer makes a wish for Ned Flanders 's new left-handed store to go out of business .
This is a category to help keep count of the total number of articles with the template .
All animated produced direct-to-video films were created by DisneyToon Studios and/or Walt Disney Television Animation .
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders fell from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall and the high-powered , high offence , Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
However , while working as a '' studio boy '' in commercial design firm Askew-Young in London 1932-36 , he was attending night classes in life drawing .
Welsh people are people that come or came from the county of Wales , which is part of the United Kingdom .
Henry IV ( German , Heinrich IV ) ( 11 November 1050 7 August 1106 ) was King of Germany from 1056 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1084 until his forced abdication in 1105 .
Hiroki Kobayashi ( born May 24 , 1977 in Shizuoka , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
While she secretly likes Teppei , she frequently gives helpful advice to Riko to help her maintain her relationship .
Facial air sacs under their skin cushion the impact with the water .
Dallas Observer , January 11 , 2007 .
He was in Germany at the start of World War I and was interned in Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
The fortresses thus lost their importance .
Afterwards he became conductor of several orchestras , including a period as music director of the orchestra in Karlsruhe from 1926 to 1933 .
The workman gave it to Professor Otto Schoetensack from the University of Heidelberg , who identified and named the fossil .
Each of its seven seasons earned a nomination for the award .
The St. Thomas Christian Encyclopaedia of India , Ed .
The caper story is a subgenre of crime fiction .
Mauritanian MPs pass slavery law In Niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
VIII , p. 264 ) .
The O.C. is an American teen drama series that originally aired on the Fox network in the United States from August 5 , 2003 , to February 22 , 2007 , running a total of four seasons .
Hyrrokkin ( hirr-ROK-in ) or Saturn XLIV ( provisional designation S\/2004 S 19 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
During his second term he visited many nations in Europe and addressed the United States Congress in 1959 .
Vanessa Redgrave , CBE ( born 30 January 1937 ) is an English actress of stage , screen and television , as well as a political activist .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
Condensation is a crucial component of distillation , an important laboratory and industrial chemistry application .
He was cheated of victory in the 1995 national elections after running for another term as senator ; he took the case to the Supreme Court eventually winning the suit in 2004 .
In the most common arrangement , an internal electrical generator is run by a mainspring , which is wound by a hand crank on the case .
Soulitr is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
His father was member of the Carboneria in 1821 , one of his brothers and a brother-in-law were deputies , while Carlo Cafiero was always considered the ` black sheep ' of the family .
There are currently 208 FIFA members , each one with its unique country code .
Labor human effort used in production which also includes technical and marketing expertise .
Summer and winter are the driest seasons , with most rainfall occurring in the autumn and spring .
Both of Keynes 's parents outlived him : father John Neville Keynes ( 1852 - 1949 ) by three years , and mother Florence Ada Keynes ( 1861 - 1958 ) by 12 years .
Many species have leaves with structures that attract ants that protect the plant from herbivore insects ( a form of mutualism ) .
It moved northwestward , parallel to the coast of Mexico , and steadily intensified in an area conducive to further strengthening .
From 1970 onward , it was almost identical to the German-market Ford Taunus ( being built on the same platform ) which was originally a different car model .
Founded in 1786 , Knoxville is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee , behind Memphis and Nashville , and is the county seat of Knox County .
Bluetooth is commonly used to transfer sound data with telephones ( i.e. , with a Bluetooth headset ) or byte data with hand-held computers ( transferring files ) .
Since the 1980s , having branched away from stand-up comedy , he has become a successful actor , playwright , pianist , banjo player , and juggler , eventually earning Emmy , Grammy , and American Comedy awards .
Ingrid Reichel grew up in Kabul\/Afghanistan and between 1967 and 1981 in Paris\/France .
The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were captured from the Marathas at the conclusion of the Third Anglo-Maratha War in 1818 .
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland .
Alban Maria Johannes Berg ( February 9 , 1885 -- December 24 , 1935 ) was an Austrian composer .
Mi Fu ( , 1051 -- 1107 ) Barnhart : 373 .
Most religions condemn the practice , and present-day secular laws treat it as murder .
While their thorns make them less tractable , and their thin yellow rind more perishable , key limes are more tart and aromatic than the common Persian limes seen year round in most U.S. grocery stores .
San Bartolomeo in Pantano ( 12th century ) .
A name change in 1985 to Wesfarmers Limited coincided with its restructuring from a co-operative to a public company when it was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange .
Kupwara District is located in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Isabella Mary Beeton ( ne Mayson ) ( 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 ) , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
The purpose of S.M.A.R.T. is to warn a user or system administrator of impending drive failure while there is still time to take preventative action , such as copying the data to a replacement device .
The district contains the following municipalities :
Abruzzo borders the region of Marche to the north , Lazio to the west and south-west , Molise to the south-east , and the Adriatic Sea to the east .
It is a texturally immature sedimentary rock generally found in Palaeozoic strata .
The compound is prepared by treating selenium with chlorine : When the reacting selenium is heated , the product sublimes from the reaction flask . The volatility of selenium tetrachloride can be exploited to purification of selenium .
Cosworth has had a long relationship with Ford Motor Company , which began when Cosworth started manufacturing racing engines in 1959 .
Toby McKeehan ( born Kevin Michael McKeehan ; October 22 , 1964 ) , better known by his stage name TobyMac ( styled tobyMac ) , is a Christian recording artist , producer and songwriter .
Year 1781 ( MDCCLXXXI ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The main factors in RC4 's success over such a wide range of applications are its speed and simplicity : efficient implementations in both software and hardware are very easy to develop .
The typical caper story involves one or more crimes ( especially thefts , swindles , or occasionally kidnappings ) perpetrated by the main characters in full view of the reader .
A chordophone is any musical instrument that makes sound by way of a vibrating string or strings stretched between two points .
school_tradition = UtilitarianismLiberalism
Sadness is an emotion characterized by feelings of disadvantage , loss , and helplessness .
In another development , the synthesis and properties of semiconductor nanocrystals was studied ; this led to a fast increasing number of metal and metal oxide nanoparticles and quantum dots .
The other participants and commentators were unaware that he was a participant in the match until the referee counted the pin and awarded him the belt .
Lei grew up with an interest with a fascination with women ; her father worked as a photographer and she would steal some of the photos he shot of nude women .
libretti ) , from Italian , is the diminutive of the word '' libro '' ( book ) .
The team 's home field is the 45,596-seat Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium , owned by the District of Columbia and located on the Anacostia River .
Since the lowest water was devoid of oxygen , many ordinary scavengers were absent .
This is the world 's rarest goose .
This was famously disapproved of by Tanenbaum in the Tanenbaum-Torvalds debate .
Shortly after his execution , numerous supporters of Ferrer 's ideas in the United States formed what were called Modern Schools , or Ferrer Schools , modeled after la Escuela Moderna .
It is one of the most common property crimes dealt with by police and courts .
During the 1930s and 1940s , when Austen 's works were canonized and accepted within the academy , the term began to change meaning .
Some kleptomaniacs may not even be aware that they have committed the theft .
The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Detroit Red Wings four games to none in the final series .
Population900 ,000 (/O1991/O)
For instance , standards for encoding data ( e.g. , country codes ) , but more significantly some encryption standards , such as the Data Encryption Standard ( FIPS 46-3 ) and the Advanced Encryption Standard ( FIPS 197 ) In 1994 , NOAA began broadcasting coded signals called FIPS ( Federal Information Processing System ) codes along with their standard weather broadcasts from local stations .
Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer .
Line ( electrical engineering ) , a circuit or loop
The strings ( located offstage ) play very slow , chorale-like music throughout the piece while on several occasions the trumpet ( positioned behind the audience ) plays a short motif that Ives described as '' the eternal question of existence '' .
Damming the Colorado River caused the Glen Canyon , which lies to the north of the dam , to become flooded and has subsequently created the large reservoir called Lake Powell .
The term wild card refers broadly to a tournament or playoff berth awarded to an individual or team that has not qualified through normal play .
This left no category below Formula A\/Formula 1 , so Formula Two ( originally known as Formula B ) was first formally codified in 1948 by FIA as a smaller and cheaper complement to the Grand Prix cars of the era .
The politics of Andorra take place in a framework of a parliamentary representative democracy , whereby the Prime Minister of Andorra is the head of government , and of a multi-party system .
The brothers share a secret with Scarlett : Ashley Wilkes ( Leslie Howard ) , whom Scarlett secretly loves , is to be married to his cousin , Melanie Hamilton ( Olivia de Havilland ) .
Boykins is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
The term '' Gothic '' , when applied to architecture , has nothing to do with the historical Goths .
MiG-25 '' Foxbat '' , 1970 , interceptor fighter and recce\/strike aircraft
Her kidnapping received worldwide coverage , particularly in France , because of her dual French citizenship .
Andrees Allgemeiner Handatlas ( Germany , 1881 -- 1939 ; in the UK as Times Atlas of the World , 1895 )
There must be no lumps left in the liquid , and no ground tea should remain on the sides of the bowl .
The 2006 Commonwealth Games were held in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia between 15 March and 26 March 2006 .
The historic town of St Andrews is located on the northeast coast of Fife .
Malena Ernman is a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Music .
Boyz II Men is an American R&B vocal group best known for emotional ballads and complex , intricate a cappella harmonies .
By coming in 1st at M-Tel 2009 , he was also given the opportunity to play in the Grand Slam Chess Final 2009 in Bilbao where he will meet Levon Aronian , Sergey Karjakin ( winner of Corus 2009 ) , and Alexander Grischuk ( winner of Linares 2009 ) .
Lisa Gerrard Her vocals have been variously described as rich , jaw-dropping , unique , deep , dark and mournful .
The earthquake occurred along the Chelongpu Fault ( ) in the western part of the island of Taiwan .
Clapton railway station is on a suburban line operated by National Express East Anglia located on Upper Clapton Road .
Ayers writes : Although the bomb that rocked the Pentagon was itsy-bitsy - weighing close to two pounds - it caused ` tens of thousands of dollars ' of damage .
It is the final Castlevania title to be produced for the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
Bob Jones University Museum and Gallery , the second largest collection of religious Christian art in the world , is located on the campus of Bob Jones University .
The gases evolved during the melting of Earth 's mantle have a large effect on the composition and abundance of Earth 's atmosphere .
Athenagoras of Athens names Endoeus , a pupil of Daedalus , as the sculptor of the main statue of Artemis in Ephesus .
His musical influences include Metallica , Joe Cocker and Rod Stewart .
Visitors can take the '' Tower Tour '' where the interior of the hollow spire , with its ancient wood scaffolding , can be viewed .
Traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still of importance .
For orchestration of piano music , some theorists recommend transposing to D minor or E minor .
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
Comfort started Living Waters Publications and The Way of the Master in Bellflower , California and has written a number of books .
kdfrek ; While in London Pavlova was influential in the development of British ballet , most notably inspiring the career of Alicia Markova .
History Before becoming a member of HammerFall , he was the guitarist in the band Highlander .
Worth gave his customers luxurious materials and meticulous fit .
Julius Kambarage Nyerere ( April 13 , 1922 - October 14 , 1999 ) served as the first President of Tanzania and previously Tanganyika , from the country 's founding in 1961 until his retirement in 1985 .
Beverly Cleary ( born Beverly Atlee Bunn on April 12 , 1916 ) is an American author from Oregon .
The final jury saw both Aras and Danielle as capable players but ultimately voted Aras as sole survivor , five votes to two .
That same year , he wrote The Book of Bond , or , Every Man His Own 007 , a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a sophisticated spy , under the pseudonym '' Lt Col. William ( ` Bill ' ) Tanner '' , Tanner being M 's Chief of Staff in many of Fleming 's Bond novels .
These western lands were to be of vital importance because they included the Ruhr Area , the centre of Germany 's fledgling industrialisation , especially in the arms industry .
The Fishburn was the largest of the three First Fleet storeships .
Haute-Vienne is a French department named after the Vienne River . It is one of three departments that together constitute the French region of Limousin .
In computability theory , the halting problem is a decision problem which can be stated as follows : Given a description of a program , decide whether the program finishes running or continues to run , and will thereby run forever .
As this was still not enough room the elders decided to move permanently to a larger premises .
, The Prime Ministers .
Giuseppe Furino ( born on July 5 , 1946 in Palermo ) is a retired football player .
Southern Hairy-nosed Wombat ( Lasiorhinus latifrons )
This is the largest distance between any two points on the circle .
The New Zealand designed Rocna has been produced since 2004 .
David Nizam '' Brownsound '' Baksh ( born 26 July 1980 in Ajax , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian guitarist , singer and producer of Indo-Guyanese descent , best known as the ex-lead guitarist of punk band Sum 41 , but has since became a singer\/guitarist in his own heavy metal\/reggae project Brown Brigade .
He usually wears a sailor shirt , cap , and a red bow tie , but no trousers ( except when he goes swimming ) .
From 1855 to 1872 he researched on color blindness .
Swagger cashed in the contract during the SmackDown taping on March 30 , 2010 , after the World Heavyweight Champion Chris Jericho had been speared by Edge .
Carrefour operates mainly in Europe , Argentina , Brazil , China , Colombia and in the Dominican Republic , but also has shops in North Africa and other parts of Asia .
Cardan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Brasilia - place where the three branches of the Federal Government are located - is the main attraction of this dry area and climate with only two seasons .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
This firm had previously been involved in transporting slaves to North America .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York : 1930 McGraw-Hill Page 192 ; Color Sample : Page 31 Plate 4 Color Sample J6 -- Cerise However , it was used at least as early as 1846 in a book of crochet patterns .
Sometime between 48 and 45 BC , however , Cassius famously converted to the school of thought founded by Epicurus .
The advantage of this setup is that users can test the operating system and install the drivers before they install it to a dedicated partition ( and avoid booting and functioning risks ) .
Letters to a Socialist , 1913
The town is located approximately 800 kilometres north-west of Sydney , on the south bank of the Darling River .
PIN is one of the largest organizations of its kind in post-communist Europe ( 2008 : budget over 13 million of Euro with staff about 500 all over the world ) .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality had 10,633 inhabitants .
Karel Svoboda ( 19 December 1938 & ndash ; 28 January 2007 ) was a Czech composer of popular music .
Grace Anna Goodhue Coolidge ( January 3 , 1879 -- July 8 , 1957 ) was the wife of Calvin Coolidge and First Lady of the United States from 1923 to 1929 .
Heinrich d'Arrest , a student at the observatory , suggested to Galle that they could compare a recently drawn chart of the sky in the region of Le Verrier 's predicted location with the current sky to seek the displacement characteristic of a planet , as opposed to a fixed star .
Geography Cevio lies 23 km northwest of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia .
An important symbol for Corinthians is Saint George .
Strong acids dissolve gallium , forming gallium ( III ) salts such as ( ( gallium ( III ) sulfate ) ) and ( ( gallium ( III ) nitrate ) ) . Aqueous solutions of gallium ( III ) salts contain the hydrated gallium ion , .
Out of 27 stations served , 13 are below ground .
It was accompanied by a CV describing a rich and wholly imaginary theater career - and he was taken on .
The label was formed in 1990 by industry icon Lou Maglia ( former president of Island Records ) .
International career with Wales Charles first played for the Wales national team shortly after his 18th birthday .
The Western Long-beaked Echidna is present in New Guinea , in regions of elevation between 1300 a ; it is absent from the southern lowlands and north coast .
Rodrigo 's music counts among some of the most popular of the 20th century , particularly his Concierto de Aranjuez , considered one of the pinnacles of the Spanish music and guitar concerto repertoire .
January 6 -- Gilbert de Clare , 1st Earl of Pembroke ( b. 1100 )
The Artemis Fowl Files ( companion book ; 2004 )
Leonardo would have been exposed to both theoretical training and a vast range of technical skills including drafting , chemistry , metallurgy , metal working , plaster casting , leather working , mechanics and carpentry as well as the artistic skills of drawing , painting , sculpting and modelling .
Liza is currently helping out in Florida with the Lilly Pullitzer Brand .
The city was once the capital of the ancient , Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that controlled a large part of what is now Malaysia and Indonesia .
See Kadikoi for the village on the Crimean peninsula , in Ukraine .
Czanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
The two species are : Pale Kangaroo Mouse - Microdipodops pallidus Dark Kangaroo Mouse - Microdipodops megacephalus Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems , and forage for seeds and vegetation amongst the scrub brush of their native habitat .
Reid p. 278 In May 1941 Sargent conducted the last performance held in the Queen 's Hall .
Since then , the only major change has been the adoption of Central Standard Time in Broken Hill , New South Wales , and the use of GMT +10:30 on Lord Howe Island .
Since the first round of the NHL playoffs consist of 8 series ( 16 teams ) , there will always be 22 teams in this list - the 14 teams that do n't make the post-season in the last season plus the 8 teams that lost the first round playoffs .
Theorems have two components , called the hypotheses and the conclusions .
Tramp is married to Indonesian actress Ayu Azhari , with whom he has two children : Isabelle and Lennon .
The World Ends with You , released in Japan as , is an action role-playing game developed by Square Enix 's Kingdom Hearts team and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS handheld console .
Liuzzi had raced part time for Red Bull Racing in 2005 , while Speed entered F1 following the Red Bull Driver Search in the United States .
Curtis is the third studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released September 11 , 2007 , on Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records .
Although he lied that she did not give him oral sex , he was found to have done nothing wrong by the U.S. Senate in February 1999 .
Some of the important historical Mesopotamian leaders were Ur-Nammu ( king of Ur ) , Sargon ( who established the Akkadian Empire ) , Hammurabi ( who established the Old Babylonian state ) , and Tiglath-Pileser I ( who established the Assyrian Empire ) .
The United States funded STS development and shuttle operations .
As of 2006 , 93.70 % of the population was Italian .
It involves a diverse range of issues including but not limited to : globalization , state sovereignty , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , terrorism , organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism and human rights .
History Until a last minute decision was made in 1961 , it had been intended to build the Victoria Line past Walthamstow Central station to Wood Street , where the line would surface to terminate next to the British Railways station , on land previously used as a coal depot .
Perm Krai ( , Permsky kray ) is a federal subject of Russia ( a krai ) that came into existence on December 1 , 2005 as a result of the 2004 referendum on the merger of Perm Oblast and Komi-Permyak Autonomous Okrug .
For instance , many of them have more or less separate legal systems from the governing States .
Wooden ceilings and panelling were usually brightly colored .
In 1960 , following the Samyukta Maharashtra movement , a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as capital .
Analysis of her visions is problematic since the main source of information on this topic is the condemnation trial transcript in which she defied customary courtroom procedure about a witness 's oath and specifically refused to answer every question about her visions .
The number of deaths during 2008 was 363,500 greater than the number of births .
Hornsby is located 25 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district and is the administrative center of the local government area of Hornsby Shire .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
Vampire Squid have been found among the stomach contents of large deepwater fish , deep diving whales , and pinnipeds such as sea lions .
The University of Alabama offers programs of study in 12 academic divisions leading to bachelor 's , master 's , Education Specialist , and doctoral degrees .
Martinsville is an independent city which is surrounded by , and the county seat of , Henry County , Virginia , United States .
Oat straw is prized by cattle and horse producers as bedding , due to its soft , relatively dust-free , and absorbent nature .
In the course of his examination of the animal world , Buffon noted that despite similar environments , different regions have distinct plants and animals , a concept later known as Buffon 's Law , widely considered the first principle of biogeography .
Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Margival is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Stephen I of Hungary invades Transylvania and organises the Diocese of Transylvania ( possible date ) .
Singaporean English is based on British English , and forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin known as Singlish . Singlish is heavily discouraged by the government .
Chicano rock is rock music performed by Chicano groups or music with themes derived from Chicano culture .
It is notable for being the only other exclusively radioactive element besides technetium which is followed by chemical elements that have stable isotopes .
War communism or military communism ( , 1918 - 1921 ) was the economic and political system that existed in the Soviet Russia during the Russian Civil War , from 1918 to 1921 .
During World War II , he led research for the American government on low-dose radiation safety .
Brook Thomas , p. 149 -- quoting Rupert Furneaux and '' murder trial of the century '' .
De Stijl ( 2000 ) The White Stripes ' second album , De Stijl ( Dutch for '' The Style '' ) , was released on the Sympathy for the Record Industry label on June 20 , 2000 .
The song was included in all of Selena 's live performance , beginning in 1992 , as the starting number or the final song of the night .
It is clear she has tired of him .
Don Burke conducted part of the show from inside the bunker .
In some parts of the world , it is called railway time or continental time .
The shallow crest is alternately spotted yellow and black .
Damvix is a commune in the Vende department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Raymond James O'Connor ( born 6 March 1926 ) was the 22nd Premier of Western Australia .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
-- David Gilmour , Record Collector , May 2003 Track listing All lead vocals performed by Roger Waters unless otherwise stated .
It can be distinguished from other members of the genus by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet : it has five claws on its fore feet and four on its hind feet .
When there is an enemy piece one square diagonally from the pawn ( either left or right ) , then the pawn may capture that piece .
Hornsby is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
This album = Sound the Alarm (/O2006/O)
They are usually served as a sweet breakfast food , topped with butter and various syrups , but are also found in many different savory dishes , such as fried chicken and waffles or topped with kidney stew .
It is one of the several oval or circular apertures in the base of the skull ( the foramina ) , through which the medulla oblongata ( an extension of the spinal cord ) enters and exits the skull vault .
FNB Stadium , known as Soccer City during the 2010 FIFA World Cup , is a stadium located in Nasrec , the Soweto area of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Michael starts to notice that E.T. 's health is declining and that Elliott is referring to himself as '' we . ''
The gearbox became operational again after Hamilton switched settings on his steering wheel , but he lost 40 seconds while his car was coasting .
Opposition to uranium mining has played a central role in Pino 's life .
Given the proximity of Gateshead to Newcastle , just south of the River Tyne from the city center , it is sometimes referred to as being a part of Newcastle .
Shields continued in use even after gunpowder powered weapons made them essentially obsolete on the battlefield .
Beech ( Fagus ) is a genus of ten species of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae , native to temperate Europe , Asia and North America .
Its extratropical remnants flared up briefly over northern Mexico and the U.S. state of Texas , but otherwise soon lost their identity .
Mulhal Mughlan is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
In economics , accounting and Marxian economics , capital accumulation is often equated with investment of profit income or savings , especially in real capital goods . The concentration and centralisation of capital are two of the results of such accumulation ( see below ) .
The notion of computability of a function can be relativized to an arbitrary set of natural numbers A/O. A function f is defined to be computable in A ( equivalently A-computable or computable relative to A ) when it satisfies the definition of a computable function with modifications allowing access to A as an oracle .
This is the so-called ` Nexus ' , which is designed to prevent swamping of the senate 's power in the case of a joint sitting ( see Section 57 below ) .
Snowmobile stud , a steel , carbide tipped piece installed in a snowmobile track .
He decides to send for Sextus first , attempting to obtain further details about the plot .
After spending the night alone , she was instructed to travel to Koror , and was given a Koror buff instead of a typical tribal merge .
It is approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) wide along most of its length , bounded on the west by the San Jacinto Mountains and the Santa Rosa Mountains and on the north and east by the Little San Bernardino Mountains .
Queen + Paul Rodgers was a collaboration between Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen and Paul Rodgers ( formerly of Bad Company , Free , The Firm and The Law ) .
Most marching bands use some kind of uniform ( often of a military style ) that include the school or organization 's name or symbol , shakos , pith helmets , feather plumes , gloves , and sometimes gauntlets , sashes , and\/or capes .
The lake lies in the extreme north of the Kaghan Valley at N35 .0185 E74 .0895 and is about a four hour drive from the chief town Naran .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
Carpenters usually make very good foremen on larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
Individuals who are descended from the Electress Sophia , but are excluded from the line of succession for various reasons are marked with an asterisk '' * '' .
Judas received money ( 30 pieces of silver ) for betraying Jesus and told the guards that whomever he kisses is the one they are to arrest .
The same subdialect of Shtokavian is also the basis of standard Croatian , Serbian , and Montenegrin , so all are mutually intelligible .
He formed the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and led the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War until his death .
This saw Michaels and Triple H reform D-Generation X since their teased reunion in 2002 .
Gadgets can be installed after discussion at by s in the following way :
After Sky Sports withdrew their interest in the SPL when their offer for # 45m to continue ownership of the live TV rights were declined by the SPL on the grounds of not being substantial enough , discussions began in 2002 for a new pay-per-view satellite television channel , dubbed '' SPL TV '' .
It was discovered by N. R. Pogson on November 17 , 1868 and named after Camilla , Queen of the Volsci in Roman mythology .
Having graduated she agreed , and they were married at Harvard University , where he attended liberal arts studies for two years .
Buzz Aldrin ( born Edwin Eugene Aldrin , Jr. , January 20 , 1930 ) is an engineer , retired United States Air Force pilot and astronaut who was the Lunar Module pilot on Apollo 11 , the first lunar landing .
The other characters give Alice many riddles and stories .
Royal Rumble ( 2010 ) was the twenty-third annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
He won five races , scored 100 points and became the category 's first champion .
They are part of the Southern Carpathians group of the Carpathian Mountains .
The landslide killed twenty people , buried and inundated the Karakoram Highway and blocked the flow of the Hunza River for five months .
He provided a voice in the Family Guy episode '' Prick up your ears . ''
In philosophy , logic , and computer science :
Luigi Apolloni ( born 2 May , 1967 in Frascati ) is an Italian retired football player , and currently a manager .
The original party was renamed the Jammu & Kashmir National Conference in 1939 to suit the secular nature of Kashmiri culture .
IAUC 4867 discovery IAUC circular The discovery was announced ( IAUC 4867 ) on September 29 , 1989 , but the text only talks of '' 25 frames taken over 11 days '' , giving a discovery date of sometime before September 18 .
Heesters has five grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren As of 2004 .
The municipality comprises the city of Tienen proper and the towns of Bost , Goetsenhoven , Hakendover , Kumtich , Oorbeek , Oplinter , Sint-Margriete-Houtem and Vissenaken .
In thermodynamics , a heat engine performs the conversion of heat energy to mechanical work by exploiting the temperature gradient between a hot '' source '' and a cold '' sink '' .
This inexperience with romance was a factor in Harry 's failed relationship with Cho .
Marburg-Biedenkopf is a Kreis ( district ) in the west of Hesse , Germany .
The Summer Palace is mainly dominated by Longevity Hill ( 60 meters high ) and the Kunming Lake .
He left the band in August 1969 and was replaced by John Mayhew .
Beautiful , also , are the souls of my people .
One of Britten 's most noteworthy works from the 1930s was Variations on a Theme of Frank Bridge for string orchestra , Op .
Former U.S. president Bill Clinton was a vocal advocate for the awarding of the Nobel Prize to Muhammed Yunus .
Emigration is the act of leaving one 's native country or region to settle in another .
The wind blows at 90 + km\/h ( 56 + mph ) 240 days a year .
The pay-per-view is part of WWE 's '' Big Four '' , along with WrestleMania , SummerSlam , and Survivor Series .
The Battle of Damascus ( 18 - 21 June 1941 ) was the final action of the Allied advance on Damascus in Syria during the Syria-Lebanon campaign in World War II .
This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Thursday ( dominical letter DC ) , such as 2004 or 2032 .
Agny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The Genoese felt the need for shelter from the sea storms and began to construct , in the time of governor Leonello Lomellini , in 1380 , a bastiglia , also known as a stronghold or citadel .
( x + y ) ^ n & = { n choose 0 } x ^ n y ^ 0 + { n choose 1 } x ^ { n-1 } y ^ 1 + { n choose 2 } x ^ { n-2 } y ^ 2 + { n choose 3 } x ^ { n-3 } y ^ 3 + cdots
Biblical studies is the academic study of the Judeo-Christian Bible and related texts .
These include IBM , Credit Suisse , the HMRC , the Army and the Royal Navy .
The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional football team based in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
References and further reading '' Chorale '' , in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , ed .
The emission spectrum of a chemical element or chemical compound is the spectrum of frequencies of electromagnetic radiation emitted by the element 's atoms or the compound 's molecules when they are returned to a lower energy state .
Lee Hyori ( , also romanized as Lee Hyolee and officially E Hyo-lee ) ( born May 10 , 1979 ) is a South Korean singer and actress .
He was born circa the beginning of the 3rd century in North Africa , perhaps at Carthage , where he received a classical education .
In 2008\/9 , Leeds was the busiest railway station in the North of England and the third busiest in the United Kingdom outside London , after Birmingham New Street and Glasgow Central .
Yerba mate in Argentina Uruguay , Paraguay , southern Chile , eastern Bolivia and southern and western Brazil Basic guide to yerba mate .
Art Nouveau 's fifteen-year peak was most strongly felt throughout Europe- from Glasgow to Moscow to Madrid- but its influence was global .
A very small current-carrying loop is approximately a magnetic point dipole ; the magnetic dipole moment of such a loop is the product of the current flowing in the loop and the ( vector ) area of the loop .
After this date , when he had moved to Frankfurt , his monogram became ` HSB ' .
If a distinction is to be made between divination and fortune-telling , divination has a formal or ritual and often social character , usually in a religious context , as seen in traditional African medicine ; while fortune-telling is a more everyday practice for personal purposes .
Cotton is a soft , fluffy staple fiber that grows in a boll around the seeds of the cotton plant ( plants of the genus Gossypium ) .
After the war , it was reused as a state prison , with Louis XIII the first king to send prisoners there .
Christian houses of assembly were destroyed , for fear of sedition in secret gatherings .
The humorous and artistically high-ranking variety-style shows still have fame among Copenhagen homosexuals .
These airlines are in the process of merging their operations under the name United Airlines .
Each part of the qin has meaning , some more obvious , like '' dragon pool '' and '' phoenix pond '' .
A residential area , it comprises largely of terraced houses , has a significant student population and is home to Crookes Valley Park which also includes the Dam House .
The Asuka period is also distinguished by the change in the name of the country from to .
The 2001 Atlantic hurricane season was a fairly active Atlantic hurricane season that produced 17 tropical cyclones , 15 named storms , nine hurricanes , and four major hurricanes .
Ability to Speak English by Language Spoken at Home : 2000 .
When India became independent in 1947 , Madras Presidency became the Madras State , comprising present-day Tamil Nadu , coastal Andhra Pradesh , northern Kerala , and the southwest coast of Karnataka .
This article is about the 18th-C .
Concevreux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This is most commonly observed when a wave passes from one medium to another .
Dromore is classified as a village by the NI Statistics and Research Agency ( NISRA ) ( ie with population between 1,000 and 2,250 people ) .
Bertincourt is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Equivalent to the English word Indian , okla humma was a phrase in the Choctaw language used to describe the Native American race as a whole .
These included the Sauropterygia , which featured pachypleurosaurs and nothosaurs ( both common during the Middle Triassic , especially in the Tethys region ) , placodonts , and the first plesiosaurs ; the first of the lizardlike Thalattosauria ( askeptosaurs ) ; and the highly successful ichthyosaurs , which appeared in Early Triassic seas and soon diversified , some eventually developing to huge size during the late Triassic .
At the 2000 census the population was 3,630 .
Body ( publishing ) , the main part of an article
The-Dream also helped with penning the songs '' Breakin ' Dishes '' , '' Sell Me Candy , '' and '' Lem/Ome Get That '' on the album .
Hewitt later had roles in several short-lived television series , such as Fox 's Shaky Ground ( 1992 -- 1993 ) , ABC 's The Byrds of Paradise (/O1994/O) , and McKenna ( 1994 -- 1995 ) , and finally became a young star after landing the role of Sarah Reeves on the popular Fox Television show Party of Five ( 1995 -- 1999 ) .
State Road 540 is a west -- east route in Central Florida , serving Polk County .
It was first performed at Teatro La Fenice , Venice on 12 March 1857 .
Key components of games are goals , , , and interaction .
South Australia is a state of Australia in the southern central part of the country .
Key Plaintext Ciphertext Key Plaintext BBF316E8D940AF0AD3 Wiki pedia 1021BF0420 Secret Attack at dawn 45A01F645FC35B383552544B9BF5 Security RC4 falls short of the standards set by cryptographers for a secure cipher in several ways , and thus is not recommended for use in new applications .
The Black Saturday bushfires , were a series of bushfires that ignited or were burning across the Australian state of Victoria on and around Saturday 7 February 2009 during extreme bushfire-weather conditions , resulting in Australia 's highest ever loss of life from a bushfire .
Part I is based on the Latin text of a 9th-century Christian hymn for Pentecost , Veni creator spiritus ( '' Come , Creator Spirit '' ) , and Part II is a setting of the words from the closing scene of Goethe 's Faust .
The series , Great Britons , included individual programs on the top ten , with viewers having further opportunities to vote after each program .
His elder brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state in the region , based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances .
Jetstar Airways is an Australian low-cost airline headquartered in Melbourne , Australia . It is a subsidiary of Qantas , created in response to the threat posed by low-cost airline Virgin Blue Airlines .
The Shi'ite or Shi'a Crescent is a recent geo-political term used to describe a region of the Middle East where the majority population is Shi'a , or where there is a strong Shi'a minority in the population .
The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek ( 2001 -- 2002 ) The band released their second album , The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek , in 2001 .
September -- Alaric , King of the Visigoths , lays siege to Rome .
It has sold more than 70 million copies . In January 2010 , it was announced that Tetris has sold more than 100 million copies for cell phones alone since 2005 .
The upper part of the mantle is composed mostly of peridotite , a rock denser than rocks common in the overlying crust .
They had been experimenting for many years with gliders and similar vehicles before their first powered flight .
Johan Rudolph Thorbecke ( January 14 , 1798 -- June 4 , 1872 ) was a Dutch politician and statesman of Liberal signature who is considered as one of the most important Dutch politicians of the 19th century .
The current bridge opened on 17 March 1973 and is the latest in a succession of bridges to occupy the spot and claim the name .
Wailly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Youth Empowerment Scheme , a children 's charity in Belfast , Northern Ireland
The game is the sequel to the original PC game , Barbie Fashion Show .
While the Chapel is open to the public at selected times , the palace is not accessible to the public .
Tennis has also become increasingly popular , owing to the victories of the India Davis Cup team and the success of Indian tennis players .
In addition to having a large central dome , a common feature is smaller domes that exist off-center over the prayer hall or throughout the rest of the mosque , where prayer is not performed .
In May 2004 , he had an esophagus operation to cure stomach ache suffered since he was young .
The Cholas , who re-emerged from obscurity in the ninth century by defeating the Pallavas and the Pandyas , rose to become a great power and extended their empire over the entire southern peninsula .
Agnew is the only Vice President in U.S. history to resign because of criminal charges .
Though Polydor 's American branch is defunct , in the United Kingdom Polydor continues to sign chart-topping acts .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement , a copyleft-based movement which aims to promote the universal freedom to create , distribute and modify computer software .
He twice held the office of Lord Chancellor , once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487 .
One of the most learned men of his age , he had been invited to lecture on advanced algebra at the University of Paris while still in his early twenties .
From 1998 to 2002 , he was the president of the Japan Football Association .
While Papa Smurf would sometimes prefer not to have to constantly fix problems , he came to realize it was his calling . One time he said that because he may not be able to be the village leader forever , every Smurf should have a brief experience of commanding the village , which was signified by him handing over his signature red hat and having the designated Smurf wear it and direct others on a construction project .
Phycology includes the study of prokaryotic forms known as blue-green algae or cyanobacteria .
Call Types
in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) .
Vera Menchik ( ; ) ( 16 February 1906 -- 27 June 1944 ) was a British-Czech chess player who gained renown as the world 's first women 's chess champion .
The United States Capitol is the meeting place of the United States Congress , the legislature of the federal government of the United States .
It is also known as the tibial collateral ligament , or abbreviated as the MCL .
This right has its roots in a longstanding Western tradition -- although it was already recognized by the Egyptians , the Greeks and the Hebrews -- Descartes went to the Netherlands , Voltaire to England , Hobbes to France ( followed by many English nobles during the English Civil War ) , etc. ; each state offered protection to foreign persecuted persons .
The film was released in North America on September 30 , 2005 by Universal Pictures .
Aside from the United Nations , the country is also a founding , and active member of ASEAN ( Association of Southeast Asian Nations ) with the intention of strengthening relations with its Southeast Asian neighbors , and promoting economic , and cultural growth between member states .
It has an area of 96.60 km , an altitude of 424 m , and a population of 5709 .
White City Stadium - London (/O1908/O)
It possesses a strong ammonium smell , and on digestion with alcohol the carbonate is dissolved and a residue of ammonium bicarbonate is left ; a similar decomposition taking place when the polycarbonate is exposed to air .
Overijssel ( Dutch Low Saxon : Oaveriessel ) is a province of the Netherlands in the central eastern part of the country .
Lucy was born 8 weeks premature , with spina bifida and cerebral palsy .
Small pieces , normally roughly cubic , of stone or glass of different colors , known as tesserae , ( diminutive tessellae ) , are used to create a pattern or picture .
Her film work includes starring roles in I Know What You Did Last Summer (/O1997/O) , Cruel Intentions (/O1999/O) ; Scooby-Doo (/O2002/O) ; the American remake of Japanese horror film The Grudge (/O2004/O) ; and The Return (/O2006/O) .
These Furbys , according to the story they come packed with , are from Furby Island .
In the 2001 general election he was elected to Parliament for the Labour stronghold of South Shields .
Under the Moldovan constitution , Urechean - elected to parliament in 2005 - was unable to hold an additional post to that of an MP .
Peter Henlein ( or Heinlein or Henle or Hele ) ( 1479\/1480 -- August 1542 ) , a locksmith and watchmaker from Nuremberg , is often considered the inventor of the portable timekeeper , making him the inventor of the watch , but this claim is disputed .
He has since written many novels and other works , and his fiction has been adapted into motion pictures , notably the Hellraiser series .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game available for PlayStation 2 , Game Boy Advance and Xbox , based on the Barbie line of dolls by Mattel .
Songs About Jane contained four hit singles : '' Harder to Breathe '' , '' This Love '' , '' She Will Be Loved '' and '' Sunday Morning '' .
Viruses , computer worms , and trojans typically propagate by sending themselves rapidly through the infected user 's buddy list .
SNEP was established in 1922 , and has 48 member companies .
After your first edit , you will probably get a post on your userpage listing the '' Five Pillars of Wikipedia '' .
