Cena grabbed his signature chain and tried to attack Big Show with it , however the referee saw Cena with the chain and confiscated it due to it being illegal in the match .
The team 's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen , and Drew Carey .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
May 22 -- The Hashshashin attempt to murder Saladin near Aleppo .
Owen Robert Spencer-Thomas MBE is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades , but he has also done a wide range of philanthropric work as volunteer charity fundraiser , pioneer and campaigner for people with autism and other disabiliies .
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document , but changing it is not allowed .
In 2008 he was considered the most popular leader in all Ibero-America .
Retrieved on 16 August 2006 .
The Chinese calendar is a lunisolar calendar , incorporating elements of a lunar calendar with those of a solar calendar .
Marking a notable shift in direction from their earlier work , Queen employed many elements of disco , pop music , R&B and dance music on Hot Space , being partially influenced by the success of their 1980 hit '' Another One Bites the Dust '' .
The real trial began on 30 May 2001 , a month after Monica Coghlan 's death .
Picasa is an image organizer and image viewer for organizing and editing digital photos , plus an integrated photo-sharing website , originally created by Idealab and owned by Google since 2004 .
In March 2003 , SCO filed suit against IBM alleging that IBM 's contributions to various free software , including FSF 's GNU , violated SCO 's rights .
The RAF described itself as a communist and anti-imperialist '' urban guerrilla '' group engaged in armed resistance against what they deemed to be a fascist state .
However , they are much less toxic than their predecessors , the barbiturates , and death rarely results when a benzodiazepine is the only drug taken .
In 1967 , the program received the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences .
On 15 May 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped as part of a $ 36 million dollar project .
The signing of the document ended the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 , and led to the formation of Bangladesh .
This may be due to a number of causes .
References NOAA FAQ : Saharan Air Layer Real Time SAL data SAL over the Atlantic , current graphic display Research : Aerosols Slow Wind Calima on Winds of the World HA !
Credited to Lennon\/McCartney , the song comprises distinct segments written independently by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , with orchestral additions .
Its Active Places website is designed to help the public find sports facilities anywhere in England .
In 1855 , he took up a counterpoint course with Simon Sechter .
AOL assisted in the initial creation of the Mozilla Foundation , transferring hardware and intellectual property to the organization and employing a three-person team for the first three months of its existence to help with the transition .
At the time of the Anschluss in 1938 , Walter was at a recording session in Paris ; France offered Walter citizenship , which he accepted .
The geyser , as well as the nearby Old Faithful Inn , is part of the Old Faithful Historic District .
Lick It Up is an album by the U.S. hard rock\/heavy metal band Kiss .
As of 2009 , there have been over 44 Tamagotchi versions released since their creation in 1996 .
Stephen Glenn '' Steve '' Martin ( born August 14 , 1945 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , playwright , producer , musician and composer .
However , he subsequently hears from Max that she is alive , and , encouraged both by a vision of Max singing '' Hey Jude '' to him and by his understanding mother , he arranges to legally return to the United States .
One example is the '' Separate Prison '' system based on Pentonville prison in London .
Australia uses Standard time , i.e. the same well defined time for a region .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
Due to significant South Korean political and popular pressure , the US forces began withdrawing its forces , beginning in 2006 .
For the similar Latin American channel , see Warner Channel .
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Women 's World Champion title ; ( +3 -- 1 = 0 ) at Rotterdam 1934 , and ( +9 -- 2 = 5 ) at Semmering 1937 .
It lies roughly 10 km south of Frankfurt am Main and with more than 40,000 inhabitants is the district 's second biggest town .
The peak gust recorded at La Palma was 95 mph ( 152 km\/h ) , and at Tenerife the maximum gust was 90 mph ( 147 km\/h ) .
Dashi forms the base for miso soup , clear broth , noodle broth , and many kinds of simmering liquid .
Athletic Club , commonly known as Athletic Bilbao , is a football club from Bilbao in Biscay , Basque Country , Spain .
On July 26 a storm hit Martinique and Barbados .
Knappertsbusch was born in Elberfeld , today 's Wuppertal .
Brouay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Large populations of dugongs live there .
The Count of Blois returned to France in 1100 bringing with him several cartloads of maps , jewels and other treasures , which he deposited at Chartres .
Low resolution images were acquired of the planet and a few of its moons ; the resolution of the images was not good enough to discern surface features .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassini- Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Blankets are subdivided into many types , including quilts , duvets , and comforters , depending on their thickness , construction and\/or fill material .
The 1190s decade ran from January 1 , 1190 , to December 31 , 1199 of the 12th century .
Andrea Orlandi Stabilin ( born 3 August 1984 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish football winger .
Lipkin and Burson 's script was the first major purchase by the network 's new entertainment president Sue Naegle in April 2008 .
Georgia covers a territory of 69,700 km and its population is more than 4.6 million .
A patient who has such an illness may be referred to as a terminal patient or terminally ill/O. .
Ferdinand II served as the latter 's regent during her absence in the Netherlands , ruled by her husband Archduke Philip .
Campo is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The name derives from the deity of the Hindu temple at the center of the city .
Temperatures on the centigrade scale were often reported simply as degrees or , when greater specificity was desired , as degrees centigrade .
In some Levantine countries , the condiment za'atar ( Arabic for thyme ) contains thyme as a vital ingredient .
According to the American magazine Reader 's Digest , Curitiba is the best place to live in Brazil .
After the Union of the Crowns James was the first to style himself '' King of Great Britain '' , but the title was opposed by both the English and Scots parliaments , and its legal basis was questionable .
Patricia '' Tricia '' Nixon Cox ( born February 21 , 1946 , in Whittier , California ) is the first daughter of the 37th U.S. president Richard M. Nixon and his wife , Patricia Ryan Nixon .
The cecum is a pouchlike structure of the colon .
He was the first to apply statistical methods to the study of human differences and inheritance of intelligence , and introduced the use of questionnaires and surveys for collecting data on human communities , which he needed for genealogical and biographical works and for his anthropometric studies .
Paul Michael London ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Gooding is the county seat and largest city of Gooding County , Idaho , United States .
Robert ( Bob ) Chiarelli ( born September 24 , 1941 in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian politician .
As the climber moves on the climb , the belayer must make sure that the climber has the right amount of rope by paying out or pulling in excess rope . If the climber falls , then they will free-fall the distance of the slack or unprotected rope before friction applied by the belayer will start to slow their descent .
Edo Period ( 1603-1867 ) 108 1611 to 1629 Emperor Go-Mizunoo ( a.k.a. Emperor Go-Minoo ) Kotohito Traditional dates .
New settlers arrived during the 1850s and 1860s in Minneapolis from New England , New York , and Canada , and during the mid-1860s , Scandinavians from Sweden , Finland , Norway and Denmark began to call the city home .
In all , Agatha caused 190 fatalities , and roughly $ 1.1 billion in damage throughout Central America .
Finnix is a relatively small distribution , with an ISO download size of approximately 100 MiB , and is available for the x86 , x86-64 and PowerPC architectures , and paravirtualized ( User Mode Linux and Xen ) systems .
In humans , the nose is located centrally on the face ; on most other mammals , it is on the upper tip of the snout .
Popup windows '' are scoped to the tab they came from '' and will not appear outside the tab unless the user explicitly drags them out .
Lupfig is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A varsity letter ( or monogram ) is an award earned in the United States for excellence in school activities .
The band earned a growing fan base in the underground music community and critical acclaim , with their 1988 album Suffer cited by some critics as one of the most important punk rock albums of all time .
Gerolamo Cardano or Girolamo Cardano ( French Jerome Cardan , Latin Hieronymus Cardanus ; September 24 , 1501 -- September 21 1576 ) was an Italian Renaissance mathematician , physician , astrologer and gambler .
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Karelin , or simply Alexander Karelin , ( ; born September 19 , 1967 in Novosibirsk , Russian SFSR ) is a Hero of the Russian Federation and was a dominant Greco-Roman wrestler for the Soviet Union and later , after its dissolution , for Russia .
Harold George '' Harry '' Belafonte , Jr. ( originally Belafonete ; born March 1 , 1927 ) is an American of Jamaican and Martiniquan descent who is a singer , actor , and social activist .
Songs and dances , love triangles , comedy and dare-devil thrills are all mixed up in a three-hour-long extravaganza with an intermission .
The Battle of Leyte Gulf (/O1944/O) was arguably the largest naval battle in history ; it was also the last battle in which battleships played a significant role .
Birote Kalan or Birote is one of the 51 Union councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Because these events constitute the majority of the population and because they tend to have the brightest afterglows , they have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts .
This is a category for people from the province of Saskatchewan , Canada .
At , Ashland is Alabama 's highest elevated county seat .
Year 1434 ( MCDXXXIV ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) is the United States government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects deemed worthy of preservation .
He was appointed that conductor 's repetiteur at the Leipzig opera and debuted as a conductor in 1904 with Offenbach 's The Tales of Hoffmann .
During the last four decades a large number of people from this district have gone abroad , especially to United Kingdom to earn their livelihood .
Laurent Clerc ( born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc ) ( 26 December 1785 -- 18 July 1869 ) was called '' The Apostle of the deaf in America '' and '' The Father of the Deaf '' by generations of American deaf people .
Traces of gold were discovered in 1851 and lead and silver mines also flourished briefly .
However , the concept is also applicable to water , soil , and any other aspect of an ecosystem which can be both harvested and renewed - the so-called renewable resources .
Alfred Kelbassa ( 21 April , 1925 in Gelsenkirchen-Buer - 11 August , 1988 in Dortmund ) was a German football player .
In 1972 Rag p Zarakolu was sentenced to 2 years ' imprisonment for his article in the journal Ant ( Oath ) on Ho Chi Minh and the Vietnam War .
A single manic episode is sufficient to diagnose Bipolar I Disorder .
Although she attended his wedding to Alice Hathaway Lee in 1880 , their lives ran separately until 1885 .
There was no financial support for the development from HM Treasury , but aid was found through the Mutual Weapon Development Project ( MWDP ) of NATO .
Founded by former minister of defense Vidkun Quisling and a group of supporters such as Johan Bernhard Hjort - who was to lead the party 's paramilitary wing ( the Hird ) for a short time before leaving the party in 1937 after internal conflict .
When the blood-red moon appears again Wozzeck , fearing that he has not thrown the knife far enough from shore and also wanting to wash away the blood staining his clothing and hands , wades into the pond and drowns .
As of their formation , the group has released five full-length albums and three EPs .
Coriander is native to southern Europe and North Africa to southwestern Asia .
As Japan is an island nation its people eat much seafood .
Law and government Alleghany County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
In the 1980s and 1990s , biologists found that microbial life has an amazing flexibility for surviving in extreme environments - niches that are extraordinarily hot , or acidic , for example - that would be completely inhospitable to complex organisms .
He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers ' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion and drove in Formula One in 2009 .
Though various organizations have been formed in subsequent years as proposed national networks for left-wing student organizing , none has approached the scale of SDS , and most have lasted a few years at best .
John Nance Garner IV ( November 22 , 1868 -- November 7 , 1967 ) , was the 44th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives ( 1931 - 33 ) and the 32nd Vice President of the United States ( 1933 - 41 ) .
Bulgaria borders five other countries : Romania to the north ( mostly along the Danube ) , Serbia and the Republic of Macedonia to the west , and Greece and Turkey to the south .
Kane relocated to Michigan where he lived with former NHL player , Pat Verbeek , having been convinced to play for the Honeybaked AAA hockey club in Detroit .
Examples of salt lakes include Great Salt Lake , the Aral Sea and the Dead Sea .
Completed in 1975 , it commemorates the semicentenary of Afrikaans being declared an official language of South Africa separate from Dutch .
Mede borders the following municipalities : Frascarolo , Gambarana , Lomello , Pieve del Cairo , Sartirana Lomellina , Semiana , Torre Beretti e Castellaro , Villa Biscossi .
The ward was founded on March 15 , 1947 through the administrative amalgamation of the former Ebara Ward with the former Shinagawa Ward .
Damming the Colorado River caused the Glen Canyon , which lies to the north of the dam , to become flooded and has subsequently created the large reservoir called Lake Powell .
After a detailed study , three researchers determined two typhoons , Angela in 1995 and Gay in 1992 , maintained higher Dvorak numbers than Tip , and believed that one or both of the two may have been more intense than Tip .
It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea at elevations between .
Below is a list of recent deletions and restorations .
He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood , the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy and first cousin of Snoop Dogg .
After incorporation as a private for-profit company in 1999 , craigslist expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000 , four each in 2001 and 2002 , and 14 in 2003 .
Artificial evolution became a widely recognized optimization method as a result of the work of Ingo Rechenberg in the 1960s and early 1970s , who used evolution strategies to solve complex engineering problems .
Martillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
While some may try to use an annulment to get around the '' no divorce '' rule ( see Christian views on divorce ) , that is not the reason the Church gives for the availability of annulment .
Her own mother 's death on 30 December 1990 inspired Rowling to write Harry Potter as a boy longing for his dead parents , his anguish becoming '' much deeper , much more real '' than in earlier drafts because she related to it herself .
Jurandir de Freitas ( born 12 November 1940 - 6 March 1996 ) , nicknamed Jurandir , was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
There is , at present , no official system of promotion and relegation between any of the three leagues .
Andris Nelsons ( born November 18 , 1978 ) is a Latvian conductor .
British Columbia 's capital is Victoria , located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island .
The beauty pageant has been broadcast on BBTV ( channel 7 ) until 2000 , then moved to ITV , which later was transformed into TITV ( Thailand Independent Television ) and TPBS ( Thailand Public Broadcasting Service ) .
The intellectual roots of the reform , liberal , reconstructionist , and progressive Judaism lie in what is commonly called the Reform movement in Judaism .
After one year and four months of service on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals , Bush nominated Thomas to fill the seat on the United States Supreme Court being vacated by Thurgood Marshall .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
This species may be seen flying from April- October in the south , while in the north it flies from summer to early fall .
Edwards is still touring the country performing , and is the author of one book , The World Do n't Owe Me Nothin , published in 1997 by Chicago Review Press .
She continues to write and speak on feminist issues , including a recent memoir and history of Second Wave radical feminism . In Our Time : Memoir of a Revolution ( 1999 ) .
In China , for example , owners of those clinics do not have formal medical education .
However , a possibility remained that during the 2029 close encounter with Earth , Apophis would pass through a gravitational keyhole , a precise region in space no more than about 600 meters across , that would set up a future impact on April 13 , 2036 .
In 2008 , it was the world 's 28th busiest airport in terms of passengersACI Passenger Movements for 2008 and 9th busiest in terms of international passengers .
The Gunnedah Colliery Company was registered in May 1899 and by 22 June a private railway some 5.7 k in length had been completed from the railway station to their mine .
He was born on , and raised in Seoul .
Google '' ( believes ) that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' , and it hopes that '' knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
Country Joe and the Fish were paid $ 5,000 not by the festival itself , but from revenue generated from the D.A. Pennebaker documentary .
In 1996 , 70 Virginis was discovered to have an extrasolar planet in orbit around it .
The Mayor has no administrative duties , as the City Manager serves as the CEO .
Jeffersontown is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Their lives of petty crime are interrupted by a psychic passenger who harbors a dangerous secret .
The Puerta de Europa towers ( Gate of Europe or just Torres KIO ) are two twin office buildings in Madrid .
In 1913 it moved into the Konzerthaus , Vienna .
He started piano lessons at the age of five with his mother , continuing to study with his father Enrique , who remained his only teacher .
Formerly placed in the steeple of the Pennsylvania State House ( now renamed Independence Hall ) , the bell was commissioned from the London firm of Lester and Pack ( today the Whitechapel Bell Foundry ) in 1752 , and was cast with the lettering ( part of Leviticus 25:10 ) '' Proclaim LIBERTY throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
Circular slide rules come in two basic types , one with two cursors ( left ) , and another with a free dish and one cursor ( right ) .
A highly radioactive metallic transuranic element of the actinide series , fermium is made by bombarding plutonium with neutrons and is named after nuclear physicist Enrico Fermi .
Following Stanky 's trade to the Boston Braves in March 1948 , Robinson took over second base , where he logged a .980 fielding percentage that year ( second in the National League at the position , fractionally behind Stanky ) .
Trango Glacier is a glacier in the Baltoro Muztagh range of the Karakorams in Baltistan , Northern Areas of Pakistan . It flows from north to south on the west side of the Trango Towers and joins the Baltoro Glacier .
Pistou is used in the typical soupe au pistou , a hearty vegetable soup with pistou flavor .
Eagle Grove is the largest city in Wright County .
Nogent-l ` Artaud is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This reformation caused a significant alteration in the forecast models , which now indicated a landfall in Louisiana .
The storm attained peak winds of 65 m before moving ashore near Sabine Pass in Texas .
Another conurbation is the combination of the metropolitan areas of San Francisco , Oakland and San Jose and several minor urban centers , known as the San Francisco Bay Area .
Raw eggs are whisked to blend the egg white and yolk into a homogeneous liquid .
In 870 the church of the women 's collegiate foundation ( Stift ) of St. Margaret 's ( Gerresheim Abbey ) was founded by a frankish nobleman called Gerricus .
The population was 123,564 in 2008 United States Census .
The second generation Fabia ( internal type code 5J ) was officially presented at the Geneva Auto Show in March 2007 and was sold from April 2007 .
Shilpa is currently judging a reality show '' Zara Nachke Dikha '' along with two other judges Arshad Warsi and Vaibhavi Merchant aired in Starplus .
It is variously transliterated as madrasah , madarasaa , medresa , madrassa , madraza , madarsa , medrese etc./O.
They were built in the late 1980s and early 1990s by BREL ( which became part of ABB in the 1990 's ) .
It can export Portable Document Format ( PDF ) files with no additional software , and can function as a basic WYSIWYG editor for creating and editing web pages .
A newly constructed East Wing was used as a reception area for social events ; Jefferson 's colonnades connected the new wings .
People-elected mayors and municipal councils administer the National District ( Santo Domingo ) and the 103 municipal districts .
John Calvin Coolidge , Jr. ( July 4 , 1872 January 5 , 1933 ) was the 30th President of the United States ( 1923 1929 ) .
Some carbonated beverages , not described as fruit juice , contain fruit juice ( such as Mountain Dew , which contains orange juice ) .
Founded in its present form in 1818 , as the linear succesor of earlier academic institutions , the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany .
Mr. Muhammed Hashim Gazdar was among the Legislating members who represented Sindh in the first session of Pakistan 's first Constituent Assembly , convened for the purpose of legislation in Sindh Assembly Building , Karachi on 10 August , 1947 , four days before Pakistan 's independence and formation was imminent .
It gets its name from its earlier appearance in Lorentzian electrodynamics .
They allow processors to fetch and execute instructions without waiting for the branch condition to be resolved .
In the US city is used for much smaller settlements .
Exceptions include overtime during the regular season and when a team is shorthanded ( i.e. has been assessed a penalty ) , in which two defencemen are typically joined by only two forwards and a goaltender .
The game 's popularity has resulted in a novel and manga series based upon it and an international version called Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix , released in March 2007 .
France : Virgin Radio France
When he used the Bible in his preaching , many of people thought about what Jesus had said .
In other cases , carefully following Wikipedia 's neutral point of view policy and other policies may help counteract biased editing .
When free and open source Unix-like operating systems such as Linux and 386BSD became available in the early 1990s many volunteer software developers abandoned MINIX in favour of these .
Colt purchased the rights to the AR-15 from ArmaLite and currently uses that designation only for semi-automatic versions of the rifle .
Phoronids are worm-shaped , but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth , instead of running the length of the animal , as in annelids ( and many vertebrates ) .
This is a major part of the gameplay of the series .
It overwinters in conifer groves .
Alexander was born at Roxburgh , the only son of Alexander II by his second wife Marie de Coucy .
The Province of Ragusa ( ; Sicilian : Pruvincia i Rausa ) is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy , located in the south-east of the island . Its capital is the city of Ragusa , which is the most southerly provincial capital in Italy .
A demo version of '' Love Machine '' was also included on the tracklisting , but instead appeared on the ' compilation .
Early on October 6 , the NHC issued their final advisory on Grace as it merged with a frontal system over the northeastern Atlantic .
The wine is made primarily from the Sangiovese grape varietal ( known locally as Prugnolo gentile ) ( minimum 70 % ) , blended with Canaiolo Nero ( 10 % -- 20 % ) and small amounts of other local varieties such as Mammolo .
There are a number of shelters in amongst this large outcrop linked by paths and stairways .
Scott William Raynor , Jr. ( born May 23 , 1978 ) is an American drummer best known for being a founding member of the band Blink-182 .
On October 25 , 2008 , Hollister Co. opened its first store outside of the U.S. and Canada in Brent Cross , London .
While the municipality itself ( city center ) has a population ( as of ) of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
Tervuren is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Proud of his accomplishment , he proposed marriage to Elinor Miriam White , but she demurred , wanting to finish college ( at St. Lawrence University ) before they married .
On August 12 , 1949 , further revisions to the existing two Geneva Conventions were adopted .
When Peter , having miraculously escaped from prison , must flee Jerusalem due to Herod Agrippa 's persecution , he asks that James be informed ( Acts 12:17 ) .
He has appeared on lunch boxes , t-shirts , magazines , commercials ( notably , in a Got Milk ?
The Olympic Flight Museum is an aviation museum at the Olympia Airport in Olympia , Washington , USA .
Bomy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Records He is the all-time leader in professional ( including both NHL and WCHL/WHL ) shutouts with 104 .
A mass rally and a student strike then closed the university for several days .
He was appointed organist at the church of La Trinité in Paris in 1931 , a post he held until his death .
The Avas is a hill ( 234 m ) in the heart of Miskolc .
One day , a mysterious alien named Tatanga appears and hypnotizes the inhabitants of Sarasaland , including Daisy . He kidnaps Princess Daisy in order to marry her .
The browser is a descendant of Galeon , which was created after disagreements about the browser 's target audience .
Known for his acute analysis of his characters ' psychology , he is considered one of the earliest and foremost practitioners of realism in his two novels Le Rouge et le Noir ( The Red and the Black , 1830 ) and La Chartreuse de Parme ( The Charterhouse of Parma , 1839 ) .
The states are divided into smaller administrative regions , called counties in all but two states -- exceptions being Alaska ( parts of the state are organized into subdivisions called boroughs ; the rest of the state 's territory that is not included in any borough , known collectively as the Unorganized Borough , is divided into '' census areas '' ) , and Louisiana ( which is divided into county-equivalents that are called parishes ) .
There were only minor effects on land from Tropical Storm Franklin and no damages were caused .
John Richard Schlesinger , CBE ( 16 February 1926 - 25 July 2003 ) was an English film and stage director and actor .
SummerSlam ( 2010 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , that took place on August 15 , 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California for the second consecutive year .
The northern part of Derbyshire overlaps with the Pennines , a famous chain of hills and mountains .
Rye bread , including pumpernickel , is a widely eaten food in Northern and Eastern Europe .
During the wet season hunting ceased because the ground was too muddy to pursue buffalo and the harvested hides would rot .
Arthur Spooner ( played by Jerry Stiller ) : Carrie 's widowed father Arthur is the classic oddball of the family .
In career ( 1979 -- 1998 ) he played for a several number of clubs , including Fluminense , Internacional-RS , Vasco da Gama , Botafogo , Bangu , Vila Nova , América Rio , Portuguesa-RJ and in Portugal with FC Porto .
The resulting film The Secret Policeman 's Other Ball ( US Version ) was a successful release for Miramax in the summer of 1982 .
Temu ino , la filo de la stepo , novel for the young , translated from Serbian by Tereza Kapista , Belgrade 1993 , 68 pages , ISBN 8690107347 .
He has since appeared in MTV 's Viva La Bam and Bam 's Unholy Union , all three , and ' and ' , both of which he co-wrote and directed .
Obituary Variety , March 11 , 1991 .
Their debut album , Disorder , was released in October and made it to the top 5 of the indies Oricon Daily Charts .
The north side of the perimeter wall is still standing ; the distinctive triangular brick wedges at each end are modern additions , having been constructed in the early 19th century to shore up the wall .
Despite the number , this is a north & ndash ; south interstate -- the ` H ' - series ( for Hawaii ) numbering reflects the order in which routes were funded and built .
When travelling abroad , the governor-general is seen as the representative of Australia , and of the Queen of Australia , and is treated as a head of state .
History The county was formed on April 17 , 1881 , from parts of Orange County and Wake County , taking the name of its own county seat .
It is about 3 km long and less than 1 km wide .
The song was first sung by Norworth 's then-wife Nora Bayes and popularized by many other vaudeville acts .
Bret Hart faced Yokozuna later in the evening and won the championship by pinning Yokozuna .
Although the term '' metallic bond '' is often used in contrast to the term '' covalent bond '' , it is preferable to use the term metallic bonding , because this type of bonding is collective in nature and a single '' metallic bond '' does not exist .
In July 2008 , it was revealed that Chandler was on Florida 's short-list of executions .
Number of valence electron is also important for determines a group of element in Periodic table group , because element 's number of valence electron is the same to number of group in Periodic
They separated in February 2010 ; she divorced him in September 2010 .
Timpani is an Italian plural , the singular of which is timpano .
In television , he appeared as Lynn McGill in the fifth season of 24 .
The council area was created in 1996 , under the Local Government etc. ( Scotland ) Act 1994 , with the boundaries of the East Lothian district of the Lothian region .
Specification standards Chips and modules For use in computers , DDR2 SDRAM is supplied in DIMMs with 240 pins and a single locating notch .
Local residents often call it '' the Abbey '' , although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey .
Fleury-les-Aubrais is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .
In September 2007 , tardigrades were taken into low Earth orbit on the FOTON-M3 mission and for 10 days were exposed to the vacuum of space .
Arsenic trioxide is the inorganic compound with the formula As2O3 . This commercially important oxide of arsenic is the main precursor to other arsenic compounds , including organoarsenic compounds .
Santiago and the rest of the country are in the Caribbean and have a tropical climate , which , when coupled with the city 's altitude , 183 meters above sea level , causes cloudy conditions to persist through much of the year .
It is also an assertion of what is known as the '' right of revolution '' : that is , people have certain rights , and when a government violates these rights , the people have the right to '' alter or abolish '' that government .
Since then , the basic shape of both the men 's and women 's kimono has remained essentially unchanged .
The incandescent light bulb , incandescent lamp or incandescent light globe is a source of electric light that works by incandescence ( a general term for heat-driven light emissions , which includes the simple case of black body radiation ) .
The United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II .
Cowra is a a large town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia in Cowra Shire .
Inchy-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His brother Dan was born in the house .
Auto-Tune was used to produce the prominent altered vocal effect on Cher 's '' Believe '' , recorded in 1998 , the first major hit song to employ the software for this purpose .
Star Trek : The Motion Picture is a 1979 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures .
Harris fire burning unchecked , heads for Otay Lakes and Chula Vista , SignonSanDiego.com , 22 October , 2007 Many communities were evacuated , with evacuation centers set up at a nearby high school and community center .
Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager from Microsoft , available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite . The current version is Microsoft Outlook 2010 for Windows and 2011 for Mac .
Compulsive masturbation is regarded as one of the symptoms of sexual addiction by proponents of that concept .
Cherbourg-Octeville is a city and commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France .
Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram range .
He noted that the event was a fundraiser for a local singer for which the Council bought a table , an explanation later supported by the artist .
Binchois , however , rarely wrote in strophic form , but instead shaped his melody independently of the verse 's rhyme scheme .
The Book of the Dead was intended to assist the deceased in the afterlife and comprised a collection of hymns , spells and instructions to allow the deceased to pass through obstacles in the afterlife .
Polly Pocket is a 1990s toy line of miniature dolls and accessories .
It can also be prepared by treating bromides with non-oxidising acids like phosphoric or acetic acids .
Blue Jays have strong black bills used for cracking nuts and acorns , and for eating corn , grains and seeds , although they also eat insects such as beetles , grasshoppers , and caterpillars .
In addition to voicing the Ent Treebeard in Lord of the Rings , Rhys-Davies has also lent his distinctive deep , Welsh voice to many video games and animated television series , including playing the role of Hades in Justice League and numerous times in Gargoyles ( 1994 -- 1996 ) , as the character Macbeth .
The advertisement aired during Game 4 of the 2006 World Series .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
Spokane is the principal city of the Spokane Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is coterminous with Spokane County .
Early on November 2 , Tropical Storm Tomas re-intensified slightly , but later weakened to a tropical depression .
They are increasingly , though rarely , found on North American packaging , especially in Canada on imported European products .
Press conference held in Chile February 2008 Way wrote the song '' Skylines and Turnstiles '' to express his feelings about September 11 and shortly thereafter , Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way could n't sing and play the guitar at the same time .
Biogas is produced by anaerobic digestion or fermentation of biodegradable materials such as biomass , manure , sewage , municipal waste , green waste , plant material and energy crops .
One of Livingstone 's challenges as Mayor of London was dealing with the city 's ageing transportation infrastructure .
Moore is a self-described liberal who has criticized globalization , large corporations , gun ownership , the Iraq War , U.S. President George W. Bush and the American health care system in his written and cinematic works .
The Pintail or Northern Pintail ( Anas acuta ) is a widely occurring duck which breeds in the northern areas of Europe , Asia and North America .
leader_name = Gabriel Boriga
Bolken is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The storm churned the ocean for several days ; a wave 101 f in height was reported by an offshore buoy .
For the term trimester used in academic settings , see Academic term Pregnancy is typically broken into three periods , or trimesters , each of about three months .
Lulu is now working as a successful dancer . She is sitting in her dressing room with Alwa .
Originally , Brooks wanted Groening to adapt his Life in Hell characters for the show .
The Jungle Book 2 is a 2003 American animated film produced by the DisneyToons studio in Sydney , Australia and released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
.
Although Lana goes on to date and marry Lex Luthor , the two divorce when Lana learns that Lex faked her pregnancy to get her to marry him , Lana once again dating Clark after he admits his secret to her .
Hydrogen ( ) is the chemical element with atomic number 1 .
Lapeyrouse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
The egg was a symbol of the rebirth of the earth in celebrations of spring and was adopted by early Christians as a symbol of the resurrection of Jesus .
A declaration of independence is an assertion of the independence of an aspiring state or states .
In September 2008 , Colfer was commissioned to write the sixth installment of the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series , entitled And Another Thing ...
Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Kirkkonummi ( , , ) is a municipality of inhabitants ( ) in southern Finland .
Osceola is a city in Clarke County , Iowa , United States .
Henri Troyat ( 1 November 1911 - 2 March 2007 ) was a Russian born French author , biographer , historian and novelist .
The Light Rail Transit Association ( LRTA ) is an association whose purpose is to advocate and encourage research into the retention and development of light rail and tramway/streetcar systems .
John Frederick IJohann Friedrich I 16 August 1532 19 May 1547 Nicknamed '' the Magnanimous . '' Son of John the Steadfast .
It was chosen by the state 's first governor , Henry Hastings Sibley , and was adopted in 1861 , three years after admission of Minnesota to the union .
Note that this formula assumes that the pressure at the free surface is zero , and that surface tension effects may be neglected .
Some water turbines are designed for pumped storage hydroelectricity .
The band had a brief period of high-profile domestic success in which their debut album Vehicles and Animals was a platinum seller in 2005 after a 2003 release and Mercury Music Prize nomination , with this followed up by Tourist which reached # 1 and sold over 500,000 copies allowing this album to also go platinum .
In February 1817 two more bushrangers were shot and another captured , and in the following month Howe left the party accompanied only by an indigenous Australian girl .
Hedda ( Hedvig Katarina ) Hjortsberg ( 15 June 1777 & ndash ; 3 October 1867 ) was a Swedish ballerina who starred for the Royal Swedish Ballet .
It is similar to 53 other small - and medium-sized cities with a population under 300,000 people in South Korea .
In ) North America , women play in National Women 's Hockey League and the Western Women 's Hockey League .
Designed by Ronald Rivest in 1994 , RC stands for '' Rivest Cipher '' , or alternatively , '' Ron 's Code '' ( compare RC2 and RC4 ) .
Unlike most instant messaging protocols , XMPP is an open standard .
Randalstown ( ) is a small town in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , located between the towns of Antrim and Toome .
Guerrero and Barr 's first break would come when they were noticed in late 1994 by the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , Paul Heyman , and were approached about wrestling for him in 1995 .
provinciae ) was the basic , and until the Tetrarchy ( circa 296 ) , largest territorial and administrative unit of the empire 's territorial possessions outside of Italy .
The population was 2,220 at the 2000 census .
If it moves counterclockwise then it represents a heat pump , and W will be negative .
The word is most frequently applied to a break of communion between two sections of Christianity that were previously a single body , or to a division within some other religion .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Shamrock Rovers F.C. won the championship ( 2nd Title ) .
Its Headquarters are Located in the Muridke city .
It features eight-to-twelve pages , two of which have full color , and a variety of content , including news , features , sports and cultural information .
In the first days of Baldwin County , the Town of McIntosh Bluff ( now in Washington County , Alabama , West of Baldwin County ) on the Tombigbee River was the County Seat .
Johnson similarly places Austen in an 18th-century political tradition , however , she outlines the debt Austen owes to the political novels of the 1790s written by women .
The unit measures the rate of energy conversion .
Country blues ( also folk blues , rural blues , backwoods blues , or downhome blues ) refers to all the acoustic , mainly guitar-driven forms of the blues .
Tokugawa Yoshinobu reluctantly became head of the Tokugawa house and shogun .
Her sisters were Iphigeneia and Chrysothemis , and her brother Orestes .
Her first starring role was in the 2007 film Bratz : The Movie , and is best known for playing Stella Malone on the Disney Channel Original Series , JONAS .
Named in August 2003 after the giant SiarnaqIAUC 8177 : Satellites of Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus August 8 , 2003 ( naming the moon ) ( also known as Sedna ) in Inuit mythology , it is the largest member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites .
Director Takashi Miike intended for the author of the original manga , Hideo Yamamoto , to write a script entirely in manga form , but the idea fell through when Yamamoto felt he could not complete it due to writer 's block .
Celestus is a genus of Anguid lizards .
Verchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Pasithee ( , spelling pronunciation , or as in Greek ) , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
There are two types of Japanese traditional dance : Odori , which originated in the Edo period , and Mai , which originated in the western part of Japan .
Riker , The Justification of Bicameralism , 101 To pass legislation , a majority of Members of Parliament must vote for a bill ( proposed law ) in each house .
Pakistan is an active member of the United Nations .
Formalization The use of the SOS signal was first introduced in Germany as part of a set of national radio regulations , effective April 1 , 1905 .
In the United States , the album 's artwork features a green toned background instead of the original 's gray toned background .
The most well-known example is Finnish modernist architect Alvar Aalto who would create aesthetic effects in the facades of his buildings through the combination of different types and sizes of louvers , some fixed some moveable , and made mostly from wood ( e.g. the various buildings of the Helsinki University of Technology ) .
The name is also used to describe other edible seeds from the Fabaceae such as the pigeon pea ( Cajanus cajan ) , the cowpea ( Vigna unguiculata ) , and the seeds from several species of Lathyrus .
This created resentment toward Newcastle and toward the monarchy .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension ( PH or PHT ) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .
Harbin , China Li Zhanshu , governor of Heilongjiang has stated that '' If we fail again for the 2018 Games , we are determined to win the 2022 Winter Games .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 animated film based on the popular Nickelodeon television series SpongeBob SquarePants .
The line started service on 10 May 1982 with a total cost of construction ( not adjusted for inflation ) at HK$ 4.1 billion ( US$ 526 million ) .
It was also the first year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century as there was no year zero in the Gregorian calendar .
Sabah is one of 13 member states of Malaysia . It is located on the northern portion of the island of Borneo .
Baldwin of Le Bourg succeeds his cousin Baldwin I as king of Jerusalem .
Under the direction of founder and Chief Designer Colin Chapman Lotus was responsible for many innovative and experimental developments in critical motorsport , in both technical and commercial arenas .
The name Penang may refer either to the island of Penang ( Pulau Pinang ) or the state of Penang ( Negeri Pulau Pinang ) .
The world church is governed by a General Conference , with smaller regions administered by divisions , union conferences and local conferences .
His control of the sport , which grew from his pioneering the sale of television rights in the late 1970s , is chiefly financial , but under the terms of the Concorde Agreement he and his companies also manage the administration , setup and logistics of each Formula One Grand Prix .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
Nasirabad Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
Draughts ( ; British English ) or checkersWhen this word is used in the UK , it is usually spelt chequers ( as in Chinese chequers ) ; see further at American and British spelling differences .
Crack cocaine is popularly thought to be the most addictive form of cocaine , and one of the most addictive forms of any drug .
_ Smoot
The Coscoroba Swan ( Coscoroba coscoroba ) is a species of waterfowl inhabiting southern South America .
This catalysed the affirmation of Crass ' consistently stated intention to split up in 1984 .
The title characters in Robert Louis Stevenson 's thriller Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde represent an exploration of the concept that good and evil exist within one person , constantly at war .
Research Infosource , Canada 's leading provider of research intelligence evaluation , named SFU the top comprehensive university in Canada for '' publication effectiveness '' in 2006 .
Liverpool Football Club is an English professional football club based in Anfield , Liverpool .
The 1990 -- 91 NHL season was the 74th season of the National Hockey League .
The American League champion plays in the World Series against the National League champion after the end of every season .
Michelangelo responded by completing his most famous work , the Statue of David in 1504 .
G : The lateral adjustment lever is used to adjust the iron by skewing it so that the depth of cut is uniform across the mouth .
Wing Commander Rakesh Sharma , AC , ( born January 13 , 1949 ) is a former Indian Air Force test pilot , and Cosmonaut who flew in space aboard Soyuz T-11 as part of an Intercosmos Research Team . Sharma was the first Indian and 138th person to travel in space .
The majority of the Danish pharmaconomists works at community pharmacies ( chemists ' shops or drugstores ) and at hospital pharmacies and hospitals .
It flows south across the glacial plain of central Wisconsin , passing Wausau and Stevens Point .
It occurs , with variations , in nearly all organisms , both aerobic and anaerobic .
Taylor Reuben Hicks ( born October 7 , 1976 ) is an American singer who achieved fame in 2006 , when he won the fifth season of American Idol .
In the first part of the 1950s , the young Havel entered into a four-year apprenticeship as a chemical laboratory assistant and simultaneously took evening classes ; he completed his secondary education in 1954 .
She is the elder sister of actress Joan Fontaine .
The 1999 East Timorese crisis began with attacks by anti-independence militants on civilians , and expanded to general violence throughout the country , centred in the capital Dili .
In both the overworld and in dungeons , the player is able to make notes on their current map as an aid in puzzle solving or further reference ; for example , some puzzles require the player to find the spot where two statues ' gazes intersect to find a specific treasure or dungeon .
During the partition period , the Muslim population of the district , some 46 % , left for Pakistan while Hindus and Sikhs from Pakistan migrated in the opposite direction .
The term of a PPA generally lasts between 5 and 25 years .
Theodor Heuss was elected first President of the Republic , and Adenauer was elected Chancellor on 16 September 1949 .
Coppélia is a sentimental comic ballet with original choreography by Arthur Saint-Léon to a ballet libretto by Saint-Léon and Charles Nuitter and music by Léo Delibes .
In the middle of the state , the Central Plain has some unique sandstone formations like the Dells of the Wisconsin River in addition to rich farmland .
Records .
Weather Glossary : S. Retrieved on 2006-11-19 .
The cheap and simple water aspirator is the most common type of aspirator .
The lineup during the band 's late 80s\/early 90s heyday included singer-guitarist Bilinda Butcher and bassist Debbie Googe after the band settled in London .
It was the 23rd annual SummerSlam event and six matches took place .
He was voted the best defender in the Champions League for the season .
For example , the adaptation of horses ' teeth to the grinding of grass , or their ability to run fast and escape predators .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Riding Camp is a video game of the Barbie franchise .
The Humboldt Tropical Medicine Institute at Cayetano Heredia University , Lima , Peru , was named after Alexander von Humboldt , as well as Humboldt State University in Arcata , California , Alexander Von Humboldt school in Mexico City , Several German schools ( including Humboldt University of Berlin ) are named after Alexander 's brother Wilhelm .
The Lockheed P-38 Lightning was a World War II American fighter aircraft built by Lockheed .
This lineup toured in 2003 and early 2004 , including their first ever appearance on PBS 's long running series , Austin City Limits .
Asia Kumarajiva arrives in Changan .
The strongest storm of the season began as a tropical wave off Africa on September 4 .
Jean-Pol Martin ( born 1943 , Paris , France ) is a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany .
April 7 , 1995 : G Rick Tabaracci traded from Washington to Calgary for a conditional fifth round draft pick .
- 1999-2000
In 2001 , the event 's pay-per-view slot was replaced by the one-off Invasion , and eventually was replaced by Vengeance in 2002 .
Lartigue is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Following anomalous observations during an occultation of the star SAO 120774 in 1978 , Herculina became the first asteroid to be '' confirmed '' to have an asteroid moon , with the parent asteroid estimated at a 216 km diameter and a satellite of about 45 km orbiting at a distance of around 1,000 km .
The period was established by Adam Sedgwick , who named it after Cambria , the classical name for Wales , where Britain 's Cambrian rocks are best exposed .
If an aftershock is larger than the main shock , the aftershock is redesignated as the main shock and the original main shock is redesignated as a foreshock .
The sketch was later shown as part of a gallery of viewers logos on BBC London News and BBC News 24 , and was subsequently removed from the website .
There are ferry routes between Patras and Igoumenitsa , Greece , and Brindisi and Ancona , Italy , that cross the east and north of the Ionian Sea , and from Piraeus westward .
Also , many physicians or diabetes specialists do n't recognize LADA or probably do n't know the condition actually exists , and so LADA is misdiagnosed as or mistaken for Type 2 diabetes highly often .
Kiel ( ) is the capital and most populous city of the northern German state Schleswig-Holstein , with a population of over 237,000 (/O2009/O) .
Available by annual subscription , the magazine is read in over 140 countries by transport professionals and decision makers , railway managers , engineers , consultants and suppliers to the rail industry .
Digital still camera ( DSC )
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia . It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
is the nickname for the high-speed test trains that are used on the Japanese Shinkansen ( '' Bullet Train '' ) dedicated express passenger train routes .
The Copts of Egypt claim to have first made the dish as a replacement for meat during Lent .
He is a four-time World Champion and four-time Canadian national champion .
Agenda is a town in Ashland County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
It employs around 400 people worldwide , most of whom are based in the manufacturing plant ; a modern building in Geneva .
The Golden Jackal ( Canis aureus ) , also called the Asiatic , Oriental or Common Jackal , is an extant species of jackal native to north and east Africa , southeastern Europe and South Asia to Burma .
The Indian Solar Loan Programme , supported by the United Nations Environment Programme has won the prestigious Energy Globe World award for Sustainability for helping to establish a consumer financing program for solar home power systems .
Libin is a municipality of Belgium .
A secondary source contrasts with a primary source , which is an original source of the information being discussed .
Following renovations made in 1896 , it was renamed Carnegie Lyceum .
Natasha Bedingfield - '' The Scientist '' ( originally by Coldplay )
Laurel is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
History The computer word boot is short for ` bootstrap ' ( short for ` bootstrap load ' ) .
Other type of classification :
Some have applied acoustics , human physiology , and psychology to the explanation of how and why music is perceived .
The name is derived from a volcanic formation in Iceland , Dimmuborgir .
In addition to DNA polymerase , the enzyme that synthesizes the new DNA by adding nucleotides matched to the template strand , a number of other proteins are associated with the fork and assist in the initiation and continuation of DNA synthesis .
In 1871 , it became the sixth province of Canada .
It has been claimed that the H. pylori theory was ridiculed by the establishment scientists and doctors , who did not believe that any bacteria could live in the acidic stomach .
The best time for sea travel is during October to May .
Pistoia remained a Florentine holding except for a brief period in the 14th century , when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca , and was officially annexed to Florence in 1530 .
The middle 50 % range of ACT scores for the enrolled class was 26 - 30 , with an average ACT score of 27 .
Only the top few layers of the metal react , and the layer of tarnish seals and protects the underlying layers from reacting .
Colin Bell MBE ( 26 February 1946 ) , is a former English football player who was born in Hesleden , County Durham , England .
Aqua regia is primarily used to produce chloroauric acid , the electrolyte in the Wohlwill process .
Adams , C. J. , Classification of religions : Geographical , Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2007 .
Honey is a 2003 motion picture released by Universal Pictures .
The Kelvin scale is the difference between these two reference points , with the kelvin defined as one 273.16 th of this scale .
Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern .
Generally , a proxy server allows users within a network group to store and forward Internet services such as DNS or web pages to reduce and control the bandwidth used by the group .
The University of Mississippi , also known as Ole Miss , is a public , coeducational research university located in Oxford , Mississippi .
Because it is located east of the Snowy Mountains , the rain-bearing westerly winds deposit rain and snow on the mountains leaving the Monaro region in a rain shadow .
Thus 26 becomes 0 and 27 becomes 1 and so on .
The highest cliff in the solar system may be Verona Rupes , an approximately 20 km ( 12 mile ) high fault scarp on Miranda , a moon of Uranus .
The double-headed eagle was adopted by Ivan III after his marriage with the Byzantine princess Sophia Paleologue on 12 November 1472 , whose uncle Constantine was the last Byzantine Emperor .
When Tony George ( Hulman 's grandson ) inherited the track , he brought more racing to the Speedway , with NASCAR in 1994 ( the Brickyard 400 , known from 2005 to 2009 as the Allstate 400 at The Brickyard ) , and an International Race of Champions ( IROC ) event in 1998 .
Filming Universal , while on board with the movie , was not willing to spend the typical $ 100 million for a story set in space .
However , the engine 's length demanded the use of a long engine compartment , making the basic design unacceptable in modern vehicles .
It was given the temporary designation S/1989 N 4discovery IAUC circular The discovery was announced ( IAUC 4824 ) on August 2 , 1989 , but the text only talks of '' 10 frames taken over 5 days '' , giving a discovery date of sometime before July 28 .
Tropical rainforest climate ( Af ) : All twelve months have average precipitation of at least .
Kyoto University , one of Japan 's national universities , is considered to be one of the top universities in Japan .
Deliberative bodies such as parliaments , legislative assemblies , and meetings of all sorts engage in debates .
He also played for Catalonia , the Philippines and Spain .
Demonic possession is often the term used to describe the control over a human form by a demon .
At the fourth iteration , a subtractive principle may be employed , with the base placed before the higher base : IIII or IV '' 4 '' , VIIII or IX '' 9 '' , XXXX or XL '' 40 '' , LXXXX or XC '' 90 '' , CCCC or CD '' 400 '' , DCCCC or CM '' 900 '' .
Yamanote Line , Tokyo
The first underground line of the subway opened on October 27 , 1904 , almost 35 years after the opening of the first elevated line in New York City , which became the IRT Ninth Avenue Line .
Since nearly all Christians base their views of alcohol in whole or in part on their understanding of what the Bible says about it , the Bible is an important source on the subject , along with Jewish and Christian traditions which start with the Bible and expand upon it .
The circuit hosted its first Formula One championship event in 29 years on September 30 , 2007 .
Haslen is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
An alter ego ( Latin , '' the other I '' ) is a second self , a second personality or persona within a person .
The scientific name , Theobroma , means '' food of the gods '' .
A cauldron or caldron ( from Latin caldarium , hot bath ) is a large metal pot ( kettle ) for cooking and/or boiling over an open fire , with a large mouth and frequently with an arc-shaped hanger .
The city protected itself by union with the Swiss Federation ( ) , uniting itself in 1526 with Berne and Fribourg .
Cumin ( Cuminum cyminum , or , , and sometimes spelled cummin ) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to East India .
The Seasons ( German : Die Jahreszeiten ) is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn ( H. 21\/3 ) .
Mercury ( I ) nitrate is a chemical compound with the formula Hg2 ( NO3 ) 2 .
Janesville is a city in southern Wisconsin , United States .
Versions Versions for Microsoft Windows include : 1990 PowerPoint 2.0 for Windows 3.0 1992 PowerPoint 3.0 for Windows 3.1 1993 PowerPoint 4.0 ( Office 4 .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque ( ) is a historical mosque in Istanbul , the largest city in Turkey and the capital of the Ottoman Empire ( from 1453 to 1923 ) .
The most famous conventional bodies of the Council of Europe are the European Court of Human Rights which enforces the European Convention on Human Rights as well as the European Pharmacopoeia Commission which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in Europe .
Together with the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and Royal Canadian Army Cadets , it forms the '' largest federally-funded youth program in the country '' .
Team Lotus , which was split off from Lotus Engineering in 1954 , was active and competitive in Formula One racing from 1958 to 1994 .
Mondrainville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie région of France .
In general the truth table does not lead to an efficient implementation ; a minimization procedure , using Karnaugh maps , the Quine -- McCluskey algorithm or an heuristic algorithm is required for reducing the circuit complexity .
St Albans Cathedral ( formerly St Albans Abbey , officially The Cathedral and Abbey Church of St Alban ) is a Church of England Cathedral church at St Albans , England .
The observatory is one of the largest in the Southern Hemisphere and was the first in Chile to be used by the ESO .
There are 91 species , most of which are native to Africa , in about 30 genera .
'' Iron Man '' is a song by British heavy metal band Black Sabbath from their second studio album Paranoid released in 1970 .
The population was 22,860 at the 2000 census .
Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect .
Santorini is essentially what remains of an enormous volcanic explosion , destroying the earliest settlements on what was formerly a single island , and leading to the creation of the current geological caldera .
The Chicago Tribune Silver Football is awarded by the Chicago Tribune to the college football player determined to be the best player from the Big Ten Conference .
The first Trojan , 588 Achilles , was discovered in 1906 by the German astronomer Max Wolf .
something that has ties to corporate or commercial entities .
A fumarole ( Latin fumus , smoke ) is an opening in a planet 's crust , often in the neighborhood of volcanoes , which emits steam and gases such as carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , hydrochloric acid , and hydrogen sulfide .
The PlayStation 3 competes with Microsoft 's Xbox 360 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles .
The team currently plays their home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit .
The most well known origami model is probably the Japanese paper crane .
Rather than killing large animals themselves for meat , they used carcasses of large animals killed by other predators or carcasses from animals that died by natural causes .
With the standard practice of '' doubles '' or '' twos '' ( double-framing , exposing 2 frames for each shot ) , 12 changes are usually made for one second of film movement .
The title character is Pollyanna Whittier , a young orphan who goes to live in Beldingsville , Vermont , with her wealthy but stern Aunt Polly .
Khalid Boulahrouz ( born 28 December 1981 , in Maassluis , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer of Berber Moroccan Rif descent , who plays for the Netherlands and VfB Stuttgart .
At the yacht trip , Gregg , Jenn , and Katie were enjoying their massage therapy , their loved ones ( Gregg 's best friend , Jenn 's sister , and Katie 's brother-in-law ) appeared as an additional reward .
He later transferred and graduated with honors from the same department at Yerevan State University .
It is Northern Ireland 's fifth-largest party overall , with seven seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly and one in the House of Commons .
In 1978 , Australia forced the family to sell the islands for the sum of AU$ 6,250,000 , using the threat of compulsory acquisition .
In the 1850s , Eucalyptus trees were introduced to California by Australians during the California Gold Rush .
Unlike the depiction in other mythologies , these are anatomically identical to land-bound humans , differing only in their ability to breathe and live underwater .
Line up the 2 of CI with the 1 of D , and read the result from D , below the 7 on the C scale .
Her father was Prince Leopold , Duke of Albany , the youngest son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens , but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation , for example gamma rays and alpha particles , which they emit .
It is situated near Endrick Water on the A875 road , 18 miles ( 29 km ) west of Stirling and 16 miles ( 26 km ) north of Glasgow .
Sokoto is the modern day capital of Sokoto State ( and its predecessor , the Northwestern State ) .
Franz Peter Schubert ( ; January 31 , 1797 - November 19 , 1828 ) was an Austrian composer .
The game is set in 1957 in the U.S. and parodies the lifestyles , pop culture , and politics of this time period .
They have neither a protective outer shell like the nautilus , nor any vestige of an internal shell or bones , like cuttlefish or squid .
Keith Holyoak 's publications page , many on analogy and available for download .
Pope Leo XIII ( 2 March 1810 - 20 July 1903 ) , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci to an Italian comital family , was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , reigning from 1878 to 1903 in succession to Pope Pius IX .
In most cases , the pilot is forced to fly according to the orders of the hijackers .
The museum opened in 1999 , during the Armada .
Under President and CEO Reynolds , the park operated until April 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
In 1921 , the city of Paris was selected for the 1924 Summer Olympics on the condition that the 1928 Summer Olympics would be organized in Amsterdam .
In the 1930s he experimented with expressionism and constructivism , and became an admirer of current European technical developments , exemplified by his orchestral works Half-time and La Bagarre .
The featured match on the Raw brand was for the World Heavyweight Championship between reigning champion John Cena and John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield ( JBL ) , which Cena won by pinfall after performing an Attitude Adjustment .
It has been estimated that approximately 46 million abortions are performed worldwide every year .
Leftover Salmon is a jam band from Boulder , Colorado , formed in 1989 .
Then , as now , rifles had a stock , either fixed or folding , to be braced against the shoulder when firing .
In 1898 he used the similarity in embryos to describe phylogenetic relationships .
Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although he did not know the physical basis for heredity , Mendel observed that organisms inherit traits via discrete units of inheritance , which are now called genes .
In the following years he developed his theory of libertarian socialism in arguments with his friend Errico Malatesta .
Sir James Clark Ross ( 15 April 1800 3 April 1862 ) , was a British naval officer and explorer .
Hugh Jackman as Logan / Wolverine : Logan can regenerate spontaneously , a talent which allowed the painful implantation of a metal coating on his bones and metal claws that emerge from each hand .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
The Argentine National Anthem ( Himno Nacional Argentino ) is the national anthem of Argentina .
In octal numerals each place is a power with base 8 .
The female equivalent to seinen manga is josei manga .
Ashurbanipal ( , , '' Ashur is creator of an heir '' ; 685 BCE - c. 627 BCE ) , also spelled Assurbanipal or Ashshurbanipal , was an Assyrian king , the son of Esarhaddon and the last great king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire ( 668 BCE - c. 627 BCE ) .
China has the largest installed capacity of wind power , followed by the United States .
Interstate 19 ( I-19 ) is an intrastate Interstate Highway located entirely within the state of Arizona .
Orthopox : smallpox virus ( variola ) , vaccinia virus , cowpox virus , monkeypox virus ; Parapox : orf virus , pseudocowpox , bovine papular stomatitis virus ; Yatapox : tanapox virus , yaba monkey tumor virus ; Molluscipox : molluscum contagiosum virus ( MCV ) .
When a substance is heated , its constituent particles begin moving and become active thus maintaining a greater average separation .
They are completely amphibious fish , fish that can use their pectoral fins to walk on land .
Bonnesvalyn is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
A separate scale is used for jazz/classical music videos : sales exceeding 2,500 , 5,000 , and 25,000 for Gold , Platinum , and Diamond awards respectively .
An organ trio , in a jazz context , is a group of three jazz musicians , typically consisting of a Hammond organ player , a drummer , and either a jazz guitarist or a saxophone player .
In an attempt to deflect the criticism , she self-deprecatingly donned a baglady costume at the 1982 Gridiron Dinner and sang '' Second-Hand Clothes '' , mimicking the song '' Second-Hand Rose '' .
The effects of DDT 's use exemplifies how some insecticides can threaten wildlife beyond intended populations of pest insects .
Due to the rapid build-up , the city is quite spread out , with few tall buildings .
The single web address for the act 's primary official website .
Following its moratorium strategy , in which releases are made available for a limited time only , Disney gave the DVD a 70-day window for its initial US release .
Examples of edible animal fats are lard ( pig fat ) , fish oil , and butter or ghee .
Nazarabad County ( ) is a county in Alborz Province in Iran .
Archived 2009-04-30 .
It is a popular travel destination for foreign tourists because of its tropical climate and proximity to many attractions .
In October , 2005 , THQ confirmed that S.T.A.L.K.E.R would not be out '' until the second half of THQ 's 2007 fiscal year - October 2006 at the earliest .
If more than one player remains in contention after the final betting round , the hands are shown and the winning hand takes the pot .
The minimum pressure made Katrina , at the time , the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( Hurricanes Rita and Wilma would later surpass Katrina that same year ) .
Apr. 2009 for 120 years before it was re-discovered in 1994 in Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve .
Zen Live is a Zenwalk system built on a Live CD design .
Rolling Stone ranked '' Imagine '' the third greatest song of all time in their editorial The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .
Because of this , traditional qinpu do not indicate them ( though near the end of the Qing dynasty , a handful of qinpu had started to employ various rhythm indicating devices , such as dots ) .
Henri Viotta founded the orchestra in 1904 .
In December 1964 , construction workers in Stepney accidentally dug into the vault and found Anne 's coffin .
Fey favors the right ( non-scar ) side of her face when acting as her character Liz Lemon .
The Dutch municipality of Sint-Oedenrode , named after the Scottish princess Saint Oda , also uses the Saltire as the basis of its flag , although in this case the Saltire is defaced with a gold castle , having on both sides a battlement .
It takes its name from the nearby former East India Docks of the Port of London , where ships trading with the Indian subcontinent used to dock .
The Maroon Berets ( ) are the special operations forces of the Turkish Army .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
The 2005 civil unrest in France of October and November ( in French Les émeutes de banlieues de 2005 ) was a series of riots involving mainly the burning of cars and public buildings at night starting on 27 October 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois .
Dhaka District ( , haka Jela ) is a district located in central Bangladesh .
Disguised , black-coloured Cybermen were seen briefly in Attack of the Cybermen .
It officially became a village in 1712 and is first referred to as Grin ` wich in 1713 Common Council records .
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
'' The hero and the coward both feel the same thing , but the hero projects his fear onto his opponent while the coward runs .
Hayez came from a relatively poor family from Venice .
Today , although the impressive old steamers have long since gone , Beaumaris Pier is still a busy base for yachts and pleasure vessels of all kinds .
On March 28 , 1998 , Lawless married Robert Tapert .
Chiron ( Greek : ) is the name given to a supposed moon of Saturn sighted by Hermann Goldschmidt in 1861 .
The role has been highly lucrative for Radcliffe ; as of 2007 , he had an estimated wealth of # 17 million .
Many stereotypes of the great fakir exist , among the more extreme being the picture of a near-naked man effortlessly walking barefoot on burning coals , sitting or sleeping on a bed of nails , levitating during bouts of meditation , or '' living on air '' ( refusing all food ) .
One bears white text on a black background , the second has black text on a white background , and the third features the same track listing but instead of the marching skeleton there is a picture of the parade drawn and painted by comic artist James Jean .
Overijssel is bordered by Germany to the east , the Achterhoek region of Gelderland to the south , the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland to the west , and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north .
Durnan was an ambidextrous goalie , equally adept at using his right or left hand ( he wore special gloves that permitted him to catch with either hand while still holding his stick ) .
In April 2008 eBay launched a lawsuit against Craigslist claiming that their executives were attempting to weaken eBay 's investment , while in May of the same year , Craigslist filed a countersuit claiming Kijiji had stolen trade secrets and that eBay used misleading tactics to promote the service .
The show also produced the animated series The Simpsons .
Maarten Cornelis '' Martin '' Jol ( born 16 January 1956 ) is a Dutch football manager and former midfielder .
The Sindh Valley , is a valley within a mountain range situated to the north of Srinagar , Kashmir .
Norman Cantor ( 1929 -- 2004 ) , Canadian medievalist
Headquartered in Berlin , it came into existence in 1994 as the successor to the former state railways of Germany , the Deutsche Bundesbahn of West Germany and the Deutsche Reichsbahn of East Germany .
Niclas Christian Monberg Jensen ( born 17 August 1974 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a former Danish professional football player and current football agent .
Thankful is the debut album by American singer Kelly Clarkson , released in the United States by RCA on April 15 , 2003 ( see 2003 in music ) .
Cecil B. DeMille cast her as the Roman empress Poppaea in his historical epic , The Sign of the Cross ( 1932 ) , opposite Fredric March .
Fully Loaded was an annual World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWF ) pay-per-view event , which started in July 1998 and was held for a further two years in July . The first edition of Fully Loaded , held in 1998 was an In Your House pay-per-view .
In Greek and Roman mythology , the Oceanids ( ) were the three thousand daughters of the Titans Oceanus and Tethys .
During his club career he played for Torino , Sampdoria , Fiorentina , Pisa , Cesena , and Parma .
Miguel Tendillo Belenguer ( born 1 February 1961 in Moncada , Valencia ) is a former Spanish footballer .
Year 1452 ( MCDLII ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
With Nicolai 's departure in 1847 , the orchestra nearly folded , and was not very active until 1860 , when Karl Anton Eckert joined as conductor .
During the 1966 World Cup , key members of the tournament winners England were West Ham players , including the captain , Bobby Moore ; Martin Peters ( who scored in the final ) ; and Geoff Hurst , who scored the only hat-trick ( to date ) in a World Cup final .
However , when including migrants , Guangdong has a higher population than Henan .
Her body was discovered in Csepel , in February 2009 , in a backwater of the Danube .
The peak in kamikaze attacks came during the period of April- June 1945 , at the Battle of Okinawa . On April 6 , 1945 , waves of planes made hundreds of attacks in Operation Kikusui ( '' floating chrysanthemums '' ) .
At the age of thirteen he enrolled at the University of Basel , and in 1723 , received his Master of Philosophy with a dissertation that compared the philosophies of Descartes and Newton .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
The term '' musket '' is applied to a variety of weapons , including the long , heavy guns with matchlock or wheel lock and loose powder fired with the gun barrel resting on a stand , and also lighter weapons with Snaphance , flintlock or caplock and bullets using a stabilizing spin ( Minié ball ) , affixed with a bayonet .
Tachinidae is a large and rather variable family of true flies within the insect order Diptera , with more than 8,200 known species and many more to be discovered .
National Portrait Gallery , p. 51 .
Manisa is a large city in Turkey 's Aegean Region and the administrative seat of Manisa Province .
There have been variations in the details of the seal , but the overall design and images remain true to the original .
While in high school , Grohl played in several local bands , including a stint on guitar in a band called Freak Baby .
The Uzbek Oliy League , in 2008 renamed to Uzbekistan Professional Football League is the top division of football in Uzbekistan , and is operated under the auspices of the Uzbekistan Football Federation .
Cretan troops disembarking from Idomeneo 's ship are met by their wives , and all praise Neptune .
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times proclaimed : '' Hold on to your chairs , everybody , and get set for a rattling surprise .
Besides those grown for their edible leaves , some are grown for decorative foliage , such as coleus .
Both Pupcake and Custard now belong to Strawberry Shortcake .
The New England Revolution is an American soccer club based in Foxborough , Massachusetts , that participates in Major League Soccer .
Until the year 2000 , when divisions were abolished , Kurram District used to be part of the Peshawar Division of the North-West Frontier Province , now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan .
Port Arthur was sold as an inescapable prison , much like the later Alcatraz Island in the United States .
In the rear there are flat-folding seats that can be moved in order to increase storage space .
The party held its final conference in 1964 when it was symbolically dissolved .
On the good days , Dylan would sing songs to him , and at the beginning Guthrie seemed to warm to Dylan . When the bad days came Guthrie would berate Dylan and it is said that on Dylan 's last visit Guthrie did n't recognize him .
Lemon juice is about 5 % to 6 % ( approximately 0.3 Molar ) citric acid , which gives lemons a sour taste , and a pH of 2 to 3 .
Polyps of the same species release gametes simultaneously over a period of one to several nights around a full moon .
Bardwell is a city in Carlisle County , Kentucky , United States .
He also established many of the UN 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programmes , including the UN Development Programme ( UNDP ) , the UN University , UNCTAD , United Nations Institute for Training and Research ( UNITAR ) , and the UN Environmental Programme .
Type may refer to :
Meslay is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Scholars are divided on whether the term Holocaust should be applied to all victims of the Nazi mass murder campaign , with some using it synonymously with '' Shoah '' or '' Final Solution of the Jewish Question '' , and others including the killing of Romani peoples ( Roma and Sinti ) , Poles , the deaths of Soviet prisoners of war , Slavs , homosexual men , Jehovah 's Witnesses , the disabled , and political opponents .
The company that first sponsored the opera was the Nationalsingspiel ( '' national Singspiel '' ) , a pet project ( 1778 - 1783 ) of the Austrian emperor Joseph II .
Bautzen is often regarded as the unofficial , but historical capital of Upper Lusatia , and it is the most important cultural center of the Sorbs , a Slavic minority .
In 1933 , Girl Scouts in Philadelphia organized the first official sale , selling homemade cookies at the windows of local utility companies .
He replied : '' I 've thought about this a lot .
Mulatto denotes a person with one white parent and one black parent , or more broadly , a person of mixed black and white ancestry .
Framecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Placebo are an alternative rock band formed in London in 1994 , currently consisting of Brian Molko , Stefan Olsdal and Steve Forrest .
This is most commonly observed when a wave passes from one medium to another at an angle .
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 .
Oak Forest is part of the 19th legislative district of Illinois and is represented by Democrat Dan Klem ( an Oak Forest resident ) to the Illinois General Assembly .
Gigantopithecus giganteus Gigantopithecus giganteus is a large extinct species of ape that lived in what is now India .
The term anoxia means a total decrease in the level of oxygen , an extreme form of hypoxia or '' low oxygen '' .
In 1991 , the lettering the car was changed from '' Prizm '' to '' PRIZM '' in italicized and capital letters ( although the steering wheel continued to use '' Prizm '' ) , and the B-pillar and door frames on base models were now body-colored instead of black .
Eid Al Adha , ( ) is celebrated on the 10th day of Dhu al-Hijjah , the 12th month of Islamic calendar .
The name Alex is an acronym for Avian Language EXperiment , but Pepperberg later cited the name as meaning Avian Learning EXperiment to evoke further acceptance in her research field , a then touchy topic ( explained in her book , Alex & Me ) .
Hidaka/Niinomi ( Yamatoneko Takamizu Kiyotarashi Hime no Sumera Mikoto ) Traditional dates .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
The most powerful and budgetary tools of earthquake engineering are vibration control technologies and , in particular , base isolation .
In the United States , the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) has produced a formal definition of metropolitan areas .
Ringsted is a city in Emmet County , Iowa , United States .
The bell became widely famous after an 1847 short story claimed that an aged bell-ringer rang it on July 4 , 1776 , upon hearing of the Second Continental Congress 's vote for independence .
Arni is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the Swiss canton of Aargau .
An individual appointed as CEO of a corporation , company , organization , or agency reports to the board of directors .
A feud ( ) ( referred to in more extreme cases as a blood feud or vendetta or faida ) is a long-running argument or fight between parties -- often , through guilt by association , groups of people , especially families or clans .
The source of these fawns , from the Eastern United States , was the impetus for the transformation of Felix Salten 's roe deer to white-tailed deer .
Phloem is produced in phases .
For example , use { { subst : test5 } } instead of { { test5 } } .
Farid Suleman has been the chairman and CEO of Citadel Broadcasting since March 2002 .
Austrian Singles Chart 29 Canadian Hot 100 1 Czech IFPI Chart 27Czech IFPI Radio Top100 -- Stronger .
It is called '' black '' because it absorbs all the light that hits it , reflecting nothing , just like a perfect black body in thermodynamics .
Quotes '' In 1941 he accompanied the prime minister to Latin America to find a home for some 4,000 Polish refugees ; the refugees were taken in by Mexico , and Szeryng , in gratitude , settled there himself , becoming a naturalized citizen in 1946 .
Directed by Wolfgang Reitherman , it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney , who died during its production .
In his youth , Shavo used to spend all his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music .
Cancer is small and its stars are faint .
Death On August 13 , 2009 , Paul died of complications from pneumonia at White Plains Hospital in White Plains , New York .
The novel 's creation and use of common stereotypes about African Americans is important because Uncle Tom 's Cabin was the best-selling novel in the world during the 19th century .
In 1793 , a yellow fever epidemic broke out in Philadelphia .
It is a common substance found in rock in all parts of the world , and is the main component of shells of marine organisms , snails , pearls , and eggshells .
She was an elder sister of the famous Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia , whose alleged escape from the assassination of the imperial family was rumored for nearly 90 years .
When David Cameron was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 2005 , Johnson was re-appointed to the front bench as Shadow Minister for Higher Education and resigned as editor of The Spectator .
Choudhry Rahmat Ali ( November 16 , 1897 - February , 1951 ) was a Pakistani Muslim nationalist who was one of the earliest proponents of the creation of the state of Pakistan .
Highly Parallel Computing .
_ Metcalf-Lindenburger
by James Ostrowski .
The color fuchsia is named after the color of the flowers of the Fuchsia plant , named after Leonhart Fuchs , although most of the flowers of the plant are not quite so bright .
The delegates deliberated upon and signed the Bretton Woods Agreements during the first three weeks of July 1944 .
All productions are performed in English , and the company is known for its modernized productions and lower ticket prices .
The cnidocyte cell provides a means for them to catch prey and defend themselves from predators .
The Cathedral of Our Lady of Chartres , ( ) , a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Chartres , about southwest of Paris , is considered one of the finest examples in all France of the Gothic style of architecture .
Aumerval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In 1938 , the BBWAA raised the number of voters to three per city and gave 14 points for a first-place vote .
Several books have been written about Andrea Doria .
The French are known for their jasmine syrup , most commonly made from an extract of jasmine flowers . In the United States , this French jasmine syrup is used to make jasmine scones and marshmallows .
Bretteville-sur-Odon is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They were built for SPT\/ScotRail ( when part of National Express Group ) outer suburban services in Glasgow , UK .
D'Oggione is known in part for his contemporary copies of the Last Supper .
Tarawih ( ) is an Arabic phrase referring to extra prayers given by Muslims at night in the Islamic month of Ramadan ( Also spelled Taraweeh , Terawih or in the Urdu language ; Taraveeh or Taravih ) .
The Pruth , or Prut , ( ) is a 953 km long river in Eastern Europe .
As the major point of entry to the country , Lima has developed an important tourism industry , characterized by its historic center , archeological sites , nightlife , museums , art galleries , festivals , and popular traditions .
The once dominating sugar industry closed in 2005 .
In the 13th century it was acquired again by the Aldobrandeschi , but later it passed to Pisa and then the Appiani of Piombino .
This came to be known as a '' Cut Baja '' .
something that is available to the general public ;
George Robert Lazenby ( ; born 5 September 1939George Lazenby biography at New York Times ) is an Australian actor and former model , best known for portraying James Bond in the 1969 film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
The Ediacaran Period ( ; named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia ) is the last geological period of the Neoproterozoic Era and of the Proterozoic Eon , immediately preceding the Cambrian Period , the first period of the Paleozoic Era and of the Phanerozoic Eon .
Within the city of La Plata and its environs , Gimnasia 's fan base used to be identified with the working class , in contrast with the mostly middle class Estudiantes ' constituency .
Understanding and Treating Ich or White Spot
Morgan is perhaps best known as Colonel Sherman T. Potter on M \* A \* S \* H ( 1975-83 ) , Pete Porter on both Pete and Gladys ( 1960-62 ) and December Bride ( 1954-1959 ) , Detective Bill Gannon on Dragnet ( 1967-70 ) , and Amos Coogan on Hec Ramsey ( 1972-74 ) .
Taylor is a Scottish\/English surname , and given name meaning '' tailor '' .
The Mercedes automobile was first marketed in 1901 by Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft .
After the 1757 Battle of Plassey , during which the British army under Robert Clive defeated the Nawab of Bengal , the British East India Company established itself .
The Confederation stipulated with the Polish king , Casimir IV Jagiellon , that the Polish Crown will be invested - in personal union - with the role of head of state of western parts of Prussia , which became known as Royal Prussia ( German : , Polish : ; to contrast with Ducal Prussia ) ( which remained a Polish fief ) .
Ballarat ( ) Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
He translated Campus Stellae (/O1999/O) .
The name Kalganup is believed to be the Noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .
The village is located approximately 15 m north of Glasgow , and 7 m from Loch Lomond .
He was previously from The Chinese High School .
Most notable is the principle of collegiality ; that is , the Councillors are not supposed to publicly criticise one another , even though they are often political opponents .
Rudolph ( also Radulf , Ralph , or Raoul ) ( c. 890 - 14\/15 January 936 ) was the Duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923 and King of Western Francia from thereafter to his death .
He served in the United States Navy as a lieutenant during World War II .
The classic telling is the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes , composed in mid-third century BC Alexandria , recasting early sources that have not survived .
For more slang terms for the buttocks , see WikiSaurus : buttocks - the WikiSaurus list of synonyms and slang words for buttocks in many languages .
Ibadis regard other Muslims not as kafir '' unbelievers '' ( as most Kharijite groups did ) , but as kuffar an-ni ` ma '' those who deny God 's grace '' , though nowadays this attitude has relaxed .
Thallium ( I ) fluoride ( or thallous fluoride or thallium monofluoride ) is the chemical compound composed of thallium and fluorine with the formula TlF .
Encouraged by their women , the men united the four clans and defeated the bandits who preyed on the area .
This may create an incompatible fork which prevents those modifications from being able to be used by Wikipedia under the CC-BY-SA license .
SkyTeam .
The Olympic Games ( - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones ) were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
It is above the rank of Sar-Hang ( colonel ) and below the rank of Sar-Lashkar ( major general ) .
Historically , two temples stood at this location and functioned as the center of ancient Jewish worship .
'' Boy '' ( Book of Love song )
The Principal of RI is Mrs. Lim Lai Cheng née Tay , the first female principal of the secondary section and junior college section , who , as the former Principal of RJC , took up the post after the merger between RI and RJC in 2009 .
Cape Range runs down the spine of the peninsula and Ningaloo Reef runs along the western edge .
It can be written in the form a + bi , where a and b are real numbers , and i is the standard imaginary unit with the property i 2 = 1 .
At the fourth iteration , a subtractive principle may be employed , with the base placed before the higher base : IIII or IV '' 4 '' , VIIII or IX '' 9 '' , XXXX or XL '' 40 '' , LXXXX or XC '' 90 '' , CCCC or CD '' 400 '' , DCCCC or CM '' 900 '' .
Henley is a supporter of SOS Children 's Villages , an international orphan charity providing homes and mothers for orphaned and abandoned children .
The first two players to finish would race down a flying fox into the ocean and retrieve a combination lock box containing another flag .
From 2005 to 2009 , it is one of the record labels operated by Warner Bros. .
Relief print , a group of techniques in printmaking
The matter of back-alley abortion in America received public attention leading up to the legal proceedings of Roe v. Wade , the 1973 United States Supreme Court decision which legalized abortion in America .
In the second chapter , Snape claims to have been working for Voldemort ever since the latter 's return , and only pretending to help Dumbledore . By killing Dumbledore toward the end of the novel , Snape seems to place himself firmly in Voldemort 's camp .
West 's mascot and trademark is '' Dropout Bear , '' a teddy bear which has appeared on the covers of four of his five albums as well as various single covers and music videos .
Across from the church is the town hall , or Palazzo Comunale .
William Edward '' Billy '' Crystal ( born March 14 , 1948 ) is an American actor , writer , producer , comedian and film director .
The Paris Métro or Métropolitain ( ) is the rapid transit metro system in Paris .
The former borough of Mitte , located entirely within former East Berlin , was combined with the boroughs of Wedding and Tiergarten ( both of which belonged to West Berlin ) to form the new Mitte borough .
The mall was founded by the Ghermezian brothers , who emigrated from Iran in 1959 .
Hirsi Ali has said '' it is written in the Koran a woman may be slapped if she is disobedient .
The DFV has recently been given a new lease of life thanks to the interest in Classic F1 racing , which was given a World Championship status by the FIA in 2004 .
There are also 2 special governed districts : the capital Bangkok ( Krung Thep Maha Nakhon ) and Pattaya , of which Bangkok is at provincial level and thus often counted as a province .
The rainbow flag , sometimes called ` the freedom flag ' , was popularized as a symbol of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) pride and diversity by San Francisco artist Gilbert Baker in 1978 .
Tudor law was harsh on the able-bodied poor i. e , those unable to find work .
A clipboard is a thin , rigid board with a clip at the top for holding paper in place .
En Avant de Guingamp is a French football club founded in 1912 and based in Guingamp that plays in Ligue 2 .
The balalaika family of instruments includes , from the highest-pitched to the lowest , the prima balalaika , sekunda balalaika , alto balalaika , bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika .
The Cleveland Browns are a professional Football team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
Long Beach is a large city located in southern California , USA , on the Pacific coast .
She studied them daily in the mountain forests of Rwanda , initially encouraged to work there by famous anthropologist Louis Leakey .
Drakesville is a city in Davis County , Iowa , United States .
IGN said that Meowth would make a good choice as a playable character in Super Smash Bros. .
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1994/1995 season .
In a positional numeral system , the decimal separator is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal numeral .
The way the instructions are ordered in the original computer code is known as program order , in the processor they are handled in data order , the order in which the data , operands , become available in the processor 's registers .
His first collection of short stories was printed in 2007 .
Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales initially supported Essjay 's use of a persona , saying , '' I regard it as a pseudonym and I do n't really have a problem with it . ''
Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon , KCSI , KCIE , Kt ( 1893-1970 ) was a politician from Pakistan .
The music video of the song , directed by Dick Maas , was one of the first rock videos played on the recently-launched MTV in the United States , and helped the song to become a Top Ten hit .
The nearest place to Nathi Gali is Kala Bagh .
The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland ( previously separate states , with separate legislatures but with the same monarch ) into a single , united kingdom named '' Great Britain '' .
The approximately halocline between the seawater above and brine below teems with bacterial and archaeal cells : they are chemoautotrophs , which feed on ammonia from the brine but can not function without some oxygen .
The English Cornett and Sackbut Ensemble , a performance group that makes use of the cornett
Today , there are several issues raised by jury nullification .
Karachi is linked by rail to the rest of the country by Pakistan Railways .
Chambi initially served as an apprentice in the studio of Max T. Vargas , but after nine years set up his own studio in Sicuani in 1917 , publishing his first postcards in November of that year .
Adam Charles Clayton ( born 13 March 1960 ) is the bassist of the rock band U2 .
Barthold '' Bart '' Fles was born in Amsterdam into an assimilating Jewish family .
The female reproductive organ is the carpel : this contains an ovary with ovules ( which contain female gametes ) .
Cities , in Oklahoma , are all those incorporated communites which have 1000 or more in population [ ] and are incorporated as a city .
Generally a starting player will be listed first or on top while a back-up will be listed below .
The Nanjing Greenland Financial Center ( also Greenland Square Zifeng Tower ) is a supertall skyscraper currently topped-out in Nanjing , China with completion expected in 2009 .
Pfleumer 's invention used an iron ( III ) oxide ( Fe2O3 ) powder coating on a long strip of paper .
They were finally caught 37 kilometres east of York by a party of policemen that included the Aboriginal tracker Tommy Windich .
This sketch can be helpful in '' pitching '' the idea to a prospective producer , director or composer .
Spencer-Thomas continued his studies at Westcott House , Cambridge and Fitzwilliam College , Cambridge .
Although it was not Gutenberg 's first work , it was his major achievement , and has iconic status in the West as the book that marks the start of the '' Gutenberg Revolution '' and the age of the printed book .
When a nocturnal low-level jet forms overnight above the Earth 's surface ahead of a cold front , significant low level vertical wind shear can develop near the lower portion of the low level jet .
For example ; milk sugar ( lactose ) is made from glucose and galactose whereas cane sugar ( sucrose ) is made from glucose and fructose .
Sean R. Parnell ( born November 19 , 1962 ) is an American Republican politician who is the tenth and current Governor of Alaska .
One of the key points of conflict between Livingstone and the Labor Party had been the proposed Public-Private Partnership ( PPP ) deal for the London Underground .
Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen Pokémon FireRed and Pokémon LeafGreen are enhanced remakes of the original Pocket Monsters Red and Green video games .
On 8 July 2007 , they played on the Radio 1 NME Stage in front of thousands at T in the Park .
Early on August 15 , the storm re-attained tropical storm status , at which time it was named Ana .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
The steam shuttle was hired by the London Transport Executive from British Rail , as it was felt there was n't justification for electrification as far as Ongar unless patronage of the branch rose .
Throughout the series , she executes missions given to her by the Galactic Federation while hunting the antagonistic Space Pirates and their leader , Ridley , along with the energy-draining alien parasites called Metroids .
James William Van Der Beek , Jr. ( born March 8 , 1977 ) is an American television , film , and stage actor , known for his portrayal of Dawson Leery in The WB series Dawson 's Creek .
It tells the story of a young British poet/writer , Christian ( Ewan McGregor ) , who falls in love with the star of the Moulin Rouge , cabaret actress and courtesan Satine ( Nicole Kidman ) .
Ely was for a long time informally considered to be a '' city '' by virtue of being the seat of a diocese .
The idea for the song came about when Starr was on a boat belonging to comedian Peter Sellers in Sardinia in 1968 .
In Christianity , worship is considered the central act of Christian identity , the purpose of which is to give honor or worth to God .
An estimated 70 million viewers watched the first debate . People who watched the debate on television overwhelmingly believed Kennedy had won , while radio listeners ( a smaller audience ) believed Nixon had won .
Kateryna Volodymyrivna Bondarenko ( , born August 8 , 1986 ) is a professional female tennis player from Ukraine and a doubles champion at Australian Open 2008 .
The Khachapuri index developed by the International School of Economics at Tbilisi State University is meant to measure inflation in Georgia .
Lick It Up is an album by the U.S. hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss .
Euwe also served as President of FIDE , the World Chess Federation , from 1970 to 1978 .
William Hewitt ; Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 2009 John Kelso Hunter ( Scottish Painter ) ; 19th century oil painter and author .
Light trespass occurs when unwanted light enters one 's property , for instance , by shining over a neighbor 's fence . A common light trespass problem occurs when a strong light enters the window of one 's home from the outside , causing problems such as sleep deprivation or the blocking of an evening view .
In several Islamic countries today Ahmadis have been marginalised by the majority religious community ; severe persecution and often systematic oppression have led many Ahmadis to emigrate and settle elsewhere .
The station , opened in 1879 , consists of a substantial station building on a single side platform , a passing loop and small goods yard .
Sexual role Breasts play an important part in human sexual behavior ; they are also important female secondary sex characteristics .
Blanford 's Fox ( Vulpes cana ) , is a small fox found in certain regions of the Middle East .
is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
In the song '' Jim Henson 's Dead '' , Lynch pays homage to many of the characters from The Muppet Show and Sesame Street , two of puppeteer Jim Henson 's most famous creations .
Other advertisements posted on Wikipedia can be dealt with by either proposed deletion or listing them on Articles for deletion .
Robert Morris was the first person appointed Secretary of the Treasury by George Washington , but Morris declined this office ; thus the first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton , who was appointed at Morris 's suggestion .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Methodism in both forms was a highly successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom , which encouraged people to experience Jesus Christ personally .
Montgomery Watt and Norman Daniel dismiss many of the criticisms as the product of old myths and polemics .
Also , Wellington is just across the Cook Strait from the South Island , it is close to the sources of abundant hydroelectric power that exist in that island . Excess electric power from the South Island is transmitted to the North Island via submarine cables laid across the bottom of the Cook Strait - directly to the Wellington area and the rest of its Island .
The success of Club Penguin led to New Horizon being purchased by The Walt Disney Company in August 2007 for the sum of 27 billion dollars , with an additional 5 million dollars in bonuses should specific targets be met by 2009 .
The 1984 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which was at the time part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Songs for Polarbears is the debut album by the indie rock group Snow Patrol , released on August 31 , 1998 in the UK and October 12 in the US .
Kids can create a pet and explore , play games , and buy stuff if you are a premium member , and go on missions .
The is the smallest of the six original and distinct breeds of dog from Japan .
The present Head Master , Anthony Little MA , is a member of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference and the school is a member of the Eton Group of independent schools in the United Kingdom .
Hull City Association Football Club are an English football club based in Kingston upon Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire , founded in 1904 .
The two are Basilio and the notary and Basilio is given the choice of accepting a bribe and being a witness or receiving two bullets in the head ( an easy choice , he says ) .
It was during this time that the band replaced Matt Pelissier with Bob Bryar , after returning from a tour of Japan in July 2004 .
Neuvillette-en-Charnie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
He directed twelve episodes , and held various crew positions on several others .
Heta is a conventional name for the historical Greek alphabet letter Eta ( ) and several of its variants , when used in their original function of denoting the consonant \/O/ h \/O/ .
Valdez is located at .
Astrid asks Ingrid about her father and Barry and then Annie , Ingrid is shattered to learn that Astrid remembers Annie at all , and tells Astrid that Annie was a babysitter who Ingrid left Astrid with for over a year , making Astrid realize why she fears abandonment from her mother . Astrid lets Ingrid know how damaged she is because of what Ingrid did to her .
He also produced nature studies , particularly illustrated books of insects .
She had been hired by their uncle and guardian , who lived in London and was too busy to care for them .
Guam is a US territory .
in homes in the United States in Korea and Japan the custom is so widespread that floors are often made of materials that are too soft to survive being walked on with shoes .
W. Axl Rose ( born William Bruce Rose ; February 6 , 1962 ) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist of the hard rock band Guns N ' Roses .
November 24 & ndash ; Zachary Taylor , 12th President of the United States ( d. 1850 )
In 1849 , Multan joined together with East India Company which made Lodhran a tehsil on 5 May , 1883 .
The great mass of the population need only concern themselves with the precepts ; the counsels must be followed by only a pious few such as the clergy and monks .
Pierre died in Paris on 19 April 1906 as a result of an accident in a rainstorm while crossing the Rue Dauphine .
Born at Greenwich Palace , Henry VIII was the third child of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York .
The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau has a population of 884,988 inhabitants .
Extremophiles are also thought to be the last organisms that will remain on Earth when the oceans will have vaporized .
Larvae have a distinct head capsule , and their abdominal segments often have long fleshy projections surrounding the posterior spiracles ( almost like tentacles ) .
Throughout his career , Guerrero encountered various substance abuse problems outside of wrestling , including alcoholism and an addiction to painkillers .
Lambs Grove is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Eukaryotic cells contain three main kinds of cytoskeletal filaments , which are microfilaments , intermediate filaments , and microtubules .
They were signed to Virgin Records .
Wind shear itself is a microscale meteorological phenomenon occurring over a very small distance , but it can be associated with mesoscale or synoptic scale weather features such as squall lines and cold fronts .
The earliest Vedic literature does not have any goddess named Sri Lakshmi or Lakshmi , but Sri appears in several Vedic hymns , and Sri is indicative of several positive attributes including beauty , glory , power , capability , and higher rank .
He was unable to officiate at the state funeral of Ronald Reagan on June 11 , 2004 , because of recent double hip replacement surgery , which former President George H. W. Bush acknowledged during his eulogy .
She is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed Farsala Trilogy .
The Habitation at Port-Royal ( 1605-1613 ) was the first French European settlement in North America north of Florida and is presently known as Port-Royal National Historic Site , a National Historic Site located on the northern side of the Annapolis Basin , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Sir Michael Kemp Tippett OM CH CBE ( 2 January 1905 - 8 January 1998 ) was an English composer .
Experienced people , however , such as flavorists and perfumers , can pick out individual chemicals in complex mixes through smell alone .
Malone originally entered the NFL as an undrafted free agent with the Jacksonville Jaguars in the spring of 2010 . However he was released before training camp by the Jaguars , who stuck with their incumbent punter Adam Podlesh .
Annebault is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They are known as '' bodysnatchers '' , or '' Zombies '' to enthusiasts , by virtue of the fact that the shell ( body ) of the class 47 has been stripped , rewired and re-engined and as '' GM '' s due to their being '' genetically modified '' with General Motors equipment .
On the June 18 edition of Raw , Foley , Orton , Booker , and Lashley all cut promos on why they deserve to be the number-one contender to the WWE Championship .
S\/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Early life , 1395 -- 1436 Fra Angelico was born Guido di Pietro at Rupecanina , in the Tuscan area of Mugello , near Fiesole towards the end of the 14th century and died in Rome in 1455 .
Robles-De-La-Torre G. , Hayward V. Force Can Overcome Object Geometry In the perception of Shape Through Active Touch .
In 2003 , Clive Barker received The Davidson\/Valentini Award at the 15th GLAAD Media Awards .
Gerrard participated in a number of musical scores but came to fame as a film composer after recording The Insider in 1999 , with Pieter Bourke , and Gladiator in 2000 , with Hans Zimmer , which received an Academy Award nomination for best music score , although only Zimmer was nominated . It did , however , win a Golden Globe Award for both composers .
From 1954 , Tickford Street was the home of the Aston Martin factory , where all Aston Martin cars were built , until the recent opening of the new Ford Motor Company luxury division plant for Aston Martin that was built at Gaydon , Warwickshire .
When founded in Cincinnati in 1894 , Billboard Advertising magazine was a trade paper for the bill posting industry , hence the magazine 's name .
In Egyptian art , Sobek was depicted as an ordinary crocodile , or as a man with the head of a crocodile .
Reference : Franchise leaders on Manitoba Moose website
was the 16th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O16/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
The earliest definitive evidence of human control of fire was found at Swartkrans , South Africa .
__ NOTOC __
The whale shark , Rhincodon typus , is a slow-moving filter feeding shark , the largest living fish species .
The Iroquois hoped that aiding the British would also bring favors after the war .
The season was fairly active , with eleven storms forming , of which nine reached hurricane strength .
Vincent Anthony '' Vince '' Vaughn ( born March 28 , 1970 ) is an American film actor and comedian .
Ben Austin , Paralympian Ben Austin grew up in Wellington .
The word '' detente '' ( pronounced day-tont ) means less and a better relationship between two countries .
Finally , Hermes gives this woman a name : Pandora -- '' All-gifted '' -- '' because all the Olympians gave her a gift '' ( 81 ) .
The city 's metropolitan area consists of 17 cities and towns located in three different cantons with an overall population of about 200,000 peopleList of agglomerations and isolated cities in Switzerland , 2000 ( Microsoft Excel ) ( German ) Swiss Federal Statistical Office .
The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers such as Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb , and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and ( because of their success in that format ) now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
The Daily Express is a British daily middle market tabloid newspaper .
John Scaddan , CMG ( 4 August 1876 -- 21 November 1934 ) , popularly known as '' Happy Jack '' , was Premier of Western Australia from 7 October 1911 until 27 July 1916 .
Although solid , gas and liquid are the most common states of matter on Earth , much of the baryonic matter of universe is in the form of hot plasma , both as rarefied interstellar medium and as dense stars .
Around the year 500 the name Spira first appeared in written documents .
It is located in Lambeth , near the South Bank , in the London Borough of Lambeth , and in Travelcard Zone 1 .
It is named for one of the oceanographic research vessels involved in its discovery in 1993 .
sativa ( Miller ) Thell . , Brassica eruca L. ) , is an edible annual plant , commonly known as rocket ( roquette ) or arugula , not to be confused with Wild rocket .
For example , Haeckel placed the red algae ( his Florideae , modern Florideophyceae ) and blue-green algae ( his Archephyta , modern Cyanobacteria ) in his Plantae .
Jonathan ( John ) Silver was the second drummer for the English rock band Genesis .
The CBO became a full time organization in 1944 , changing its name to the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra in 1948 .
Emperor Tiberius founds a credit bank in Rome .
Typical sport-specific garments include short pants , tracksuits , T-shirts , polo shirts and trainers .
Citigroup Center was the first skyscraper in the United States to feature a tuned mass damper .
A consortium from Japan signed an agreement to construct the system in early 1974 , but in December of the same year , it pulled out of the agreement for reasons stemming from fears of the oil crisis .
Sometimes they may also say '' ee-sa '' because the final '' t '' in her name was a feminine suffix , which is known to have been dropped in speech during the last stages of the Egyptian language .
Ascension of the Watchers
Prithvi ( ' , also ' ) is the Hindu earth and mother goddess .
For the most part the Australopithecus species A. afarensis , A. africanus , and A. anamensis either disappeared from the fossil record before the appearance of early humans or seem to have been the ancestors of Homo habilis , yet P. boisei and P. aethiopicus continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans .
The company 's initial focus was on the development of filters for use in aircraft hydraulics .
He signed Emile Zola 's manifesto supporting Dreyfus , a Jewish army officer who had been falsely convicted of espionage .
Year 1411 ( MCDXI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
He played college football at Louisville .
The color of the day is a signal used by undercover officers of some big city police s in the USA .
A good car wash makes use of many different pieces of equipment to thoroughly clean the vehicle .
It is the local government for the City of Hyderabad .
Since turning professional , Ipswich have used a number of alternate ( or away ) colours , including white , orange , red and black vertical stripes , claret and green , cream and black vertical stripes and dark blue and claret .
The social and economic problems created by the disaster were overwhelming ; significant scapegoating occurred for some time after the fire .
Sir William Huggins , KCB , OM , FRS ( 7 February 1824 -- 12 May 1910 ) was an English amateur astronomer best known for his pioneering work in astronomical spectroscopy .
Family Camelidae : camels and llamas ( 6 species )
Her subsequent films include Nine Lives ( 2005 ) and Alpha Dog ( 2006 ) .
A ship is seen following her into Warp Space at the end .
'' Dilemma '' ( Jason Nevins club mix ) -- 6:21
For a discussion of eggs as a human food , see Egg ( food ) .
In the United Kingdom and Ireland , Shrove Tuesday is more commonly known as Pancake Tuesday or Pancake Day .
Benjamin Britten The play was adapted into an opera , with music by Benjamin Britten and libretto by Britten and Peter Pears .
He remained there until 1857 , when he was exiled to a work camp in Siberia .
Sainte-Austreberthe is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Rebel leader Princess Leia ( Carrie Fisher ) is in possession of the plans , but her ship is captured by Imperial forces under the command of the evil lord Darth Vader ( David Prowse ) .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 50 .
In 1994 , Franklins launched Franklins Fresh , a mainstream supermarket format .
In law , a verdict is the formal finding of fact made by a jury on matters or questions submitted to the jury by a judge .
Montreal had won the first half of the NHL split season and Toronto had won the second half .
The Witan , Witenagemot or Council of the Anglo-Saxon Kings of the 7th to 11th centuries was held from time to time at Runnymede during the reign of Alfred the Great .
Web .
Joel David Coen ( born November 29 , 1954 ) and Ethan Jesse CoenAccording to the State of Minnesota .
The Spanish Empire ( ) was one of the largest empires in world history , and one of the first global empires .
Naohiro Ishikawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C. Tokyo .
Martin has explained of the song : '' ` Yellow ' refers to the mood of the band .
Mauritius Island is part of the Mascarene Islands , with the French island of Réunion to the southwest and the island of Rodrigues to the northeast .
Atkinson , H. & Wilks-Heeg , S. , Local Government from Thatcher to Blair : The Politics of Creative Autonomy , ( 2000 ) Tony Blair 's Labour government was elected in 1997 , and was committed to bringing back London-wide government .
Nadezhda Viktorovna Petrova ( ; born June 8 , 1982 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a Russian professional tennis player .
Later the town was one of the ` Five Boroughs ' ( fortified towns ) of the Danelaw .
Closing the album is a slow version of the blues standard '' Key To The Highway '' .
Such transient errors in a '' victim '' device may be caused by single event upsets , insufficient power , or by strong electromagnetic signals transmitted by some other '' source '' device .
After he explored this region in 1614 , Dutch fur traders sailed up the Connecticut River ( then known by the Dutch as Versche Rivier- '' Fresh River '' ) and built a fort at Dutch Point in what is present-day Hartford , which they called '' House of Hope '' .
The crater is more than 180 km ( 110 mi ) in diameter , making the feature one of the largest confirmed impact structures on Earth ; the impacting bolide that formed the crater was at least 10 km ( 6 mi ) in diameter .
In some cases , like the cities of Stirling and Inverness , there was no existing corporate body . Stirling Council 's application for city status was specifically for the urban area of the ( now former ) Royal Burgh of Stirling and included proposed city boundaries .
Cricket frogs , genus Acris , are small , North American frogs of the family Hylidae .
In 1900 , he formed a business partnership with his father to sell Woodmen of the World Insurance but was struck by severe laryngitis in March that resulted in a complete loss of speech .
Elemental potassium is a soft silvery-white metallic alkali metal that oxidizes rapidly in air and is very reactive with water , generating sufficient heat to ignite the evolved hydrogen .
A frigate is any of several types of warship , the term having been used for ships of various sizes and roles over the last few centuries .
It is also clear from other writings and historical artifacts , however , that Socrates was not simply a character , or an invention , of Plato .
Adams , Green County , Wisconsin , a town
The value you need to specify is the area name .
Taft retired as Chief Justice on February 3 , 1930 , because of ill health .
The vote was a consequence of an impasse in the Security Council in which the US refused to accept any candidate except Lie while the Soviet Union refused to consider Lie due to his involvement in the Korean War .
Origin The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and subsequently fragmented by a collision .
These bishops did not travel alone ; each one had permission to bring with him two priests and three deacons ; so the total number of attendees would have been above 1,500 .
A wide variety of animals construct or use burrows in many different types of substrate .
As well as the standard concerto repertoire , Bell has performed new works -- Nicholas Maw 's violin concerto is dedicated to him , the recording of which won Bell a Grammy and gave the world premiere of the work in 1993 .
Lego bricks can be assembled and connected in many ways , to construct such objects as vehicles , buildings , and even working robots .
Dicynodonts were small to large herbivorous animals with two tusks , hence their name , which means ` two dog tooth ' .
Jefferies has also managed Gala Fairydean , Berwick Rangers , Falkirk , Bradford City and Kilmarnock .
Personal life Fraser met actress Afton Smith while attending a barbecue at Winona Ryder 's house on July 4 , 1993 , after his arrival in Los Angeles .
Miller made his second debut for the club on 30 July 2008 in a UEFA Champions League qualifier against FBK Kaunas , who he played during his first Rangers debut .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and consists of most of the eastern half of the traditional region of the Midlands .
The program was presented by the late Richard Whiteley for over twenty years , until his death in June 2005 . His position was taken over by Des Lynam , who retired from the show in December 2006 and was replaced by Des O'Connor on 2 January 2007 .
However , Teppei runs into his high school sweetheart Mizuhara Sanae , and discovers that his ex-girlfriend is now engaged to his brother Soichiro .
In 1910 , a Fruit Land Company of Minneapolis acquired 12000 a of the Grant and in 1912 the area was subdivided .
Eoin Colfer 's Legend of Captain Crow 's Teeth (/O2006/O)
In Bahrain , Hamilton destroyed his car during a practice crash .
It is mentioned later by Gabrielle that Xena trained her throughout the years , although there have only been a few episodes that actually show Xena giving her any sort of martial arts training .
Office Space is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge .
Online Essay on Odilon Redon Redon started drawing as a child , and at the age of ten he was awarded a drawing prize at school .
The largest species , including the mute swan , trumpeter swan , and whooper swan , can reach length of over 1.5 m ( 60 inches ) and weigh over 15 kg ( 33 pounds ) .
Moorland is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Muhammad Ali Bogra ( 1909 - 1963 ) ( ; ) was a Pakistani statesman of Bengali origin , who served as Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1953 until 1955 .
He took the technical leadership of the Olympiacos 's F.C. team , with Andreas Niniadis as his assistant , after Zico 's dismissal .
Legacy EarthBound has been featured in all of the titles of the blockbuster Super Smash Bros. series .
In 2009 , Biden received The Golden Medal of Freedom award from Kosovo , that region 's highest award , for his vocal support for their independence in the late 1990s .
Thus , each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation .
In some churches with double aisles , like Notre Dame , Paris , the transept does not project beyond the aisles .
Yoichi Doi is a Japanese footballer .
A DVD titled Generation Lost was released on December 5 , 2006 to promote the band and their new album .
Swimming : Must be watertight to prevent water , such as salt water when swimming in the ocean , or chlorinated water when swimming in a pool , from irritating the eyes or blurring vision .
De Laurentiis died on 10 November 2010 at his residence in Beverly Hills , California .
NeXT 's subsequent 1997 buyout by Apple Computer Inc. brought Jobs back to the company he co-founded , and he has served as its CEO since then .
In 2000 there were an estimated 5,205 households , and 3,659 families residing in the county .
South India has an independent literary tradition going back over 2500 years .
He went on to win stages at the Four Days of Dunkirk and the Volta a Catalunya and that brought selection for the 2007 Tour de France , starting in London .
Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar ( Jal l ud-D n Muhammad Akbar ) , also known as Shahanshah Akbar-E-Azam , Akbar the Great or Mahabali Shahanshah ( 23 November 1542 -- 27 October 1605 ) , Conversion of Islamic and Christian dates ( Dual ) As per the date convertor Baadshah Akbar 's birth date , as per Humayun nama , of 04 Rajab , 949 AH , corresponds to 14 October 1542 .
The track was released worldwide on March 29 , 2007 , and since its release , '' Umbrella '' has been covered by many artists worldwide and became a zeitgeist hit in pop culture .
is a branch of biology and medicine that is the consideration of the structure of living things .
Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick .
Endometrial cancers are the most common gynecologic cancers in the United States , with over 35,000 women diagnosed each year .
The Ascension of Jesus is the Christian doctrine from the New Testament of the moment when the resurrected Jesus was taken up to heaven in his resurrection body , in the presence of eleven of his Apostles .
Due to their location and extremely small size , the Liancourt Rocks sometimes have harsh weather .
Zhejiangopterus is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur known from one species , which lived in China during the late Cretaceous Period .
There the rebels are encouraged by a sermon , by renegade priest John Ball .
There were 106,755 households out of which 24.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.60 % were married couples living together , 10.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.10 % were non-families .
The film was produced in the Babelsberg Studios by Universum Film A.G. ( UFA ) .
Its vertex figure is a regular octahedron .
The term Restoration may apply both to the actual event by which the monarchy was restored , and to the period immediately following the event .
Production for Blige 's debut album began in 1992 , with Sean '' Puffy '' Combs , who was at the time an A&R executive at Uptown who oversaw the project .
Princess Victoria left Coppins to her nephew Prince George , Duke of Kent when she died in 1935 .
Seven Sisters lies between Finsbury Park and Tottenham Hale on the Victoria Line and between Stamford Hill and Bruce Grove on the National Rail line operated by National Express East Anglia from Liverpool Street .
Saint Stephen of Perm ( b. 1340 )
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
Israel claims that both fall under full Israeli law and jurisdiction as opposed to the 58 % of the Israeli-defined West Bank which is ruled by the Israeli ` Judea and Samaria Civil Administration ' .
The act required that Houdini hold his breath for more than three minutes .
La Celle-sous-Montmirail is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
An elementary approach to ideas and methods ( edited by Stewart ) , 2nd revised edition , Oxford Univ .
Subsystem A subsystem is a set of elements , which is a system itself , and a part of a larger system .
A single-cylinder two-stroke engine produces power every crankshaft revolution , while a single-cylinder four-stroke engine produces power once every two revolutions .
Extent In 1992 , researcher and expert Ron O'Grady estimated the number of child prostitutes to be 1 million .
Frederick drowned in Cilicia in 1190 , leaving an unstable alliance between the English and the French .
The Hunza-Nagar District is the seventh district of Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan .
In Wales , the Welsh Assembly Government successfully supported the re-opening to passenger services , of the Vale of Glamorgan Line between Barry and Bridgend in 2005 .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
She became widely known for her role as Buffy Summers on the WB\/UPN television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , for which she won six Teen Choice Awards and the Saturn Award for Best Genre TV Actress and received a Golden Globe Award nomination .
A period 4 element is one of the chemical elements in the fourth row ( or period ) of the periodic table of the elements .
Behind this iwan is a space which is roofed with the largest dome in the city at height .
Yet in 1435 he was again in the service of the papal chapel , but this time it was in Florence -- Pope Eugene having been driven from Rome in 1434 by the establishment of an insurrectionary republic there , sympathetic to the Council of Basel and the Conciliar movement .
The apple tree was perhaps the earliest tree to be cultivated , and its fruits have been improved through selection over thousands of years .
In 1828 , Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands developed a mechanical extraction method for extracting the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the partly defatted cacao , a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was '' rock cacao '' or ground into powder .
Humans host three different kinds of lice : head lice , body lice , and pubic lice .
Unlike most other cephalopods , the majority of octopuses those in the suborder most commonly known , Incirrina have almost entirely soft bodies with no internal skeleton .
Coral Gables is a city in Miami-Dade County , Florida , southwest of Downtown Miami , in the United States .
Cage Warriors ( The United Kingdom ) www.cagewarriors.com ;
This value is then compared with the actual exchange rate ; if it is lower , then the first currency is under-valued ( according to PPP theory ) compared with the second , and conversely , if it is higher , then the first currency is over-valued .
Kirby Super Star , known in Europe as Kirby 's Fun Pak and in Japan as is a 1995 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
The race was a success , but the track was deemed too dangerous ; it was narrow and very bumpy , and spectators complained of poor viewing areas .
Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata , and can be thought of as a necessary '' cost '' associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
His interpretation of this result was that the star was moving toward and then away from the Earth , and that the accompanying spectral shifts were the result of the Doppler effect .
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy , the only child of two professional musicians .
'' Baptism '' has also been used to refer to any ceremony , trial , or experience by which a person is initiated , purified , or given a name .
