Saral is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Masanori Tokita ( June 24 , 1925 -- March 5 , 2004 ) was a Japanese football player .
Having recalled this incident over lunch with his patent attorney , he conducted experiments using rubber cups .
The article remains open to editing , but courteous users should leave it alone until you 're done .
They are found mostly in New Zealand and Australia in caves and grottos , or sheltered places in forests .
The game 's inclusion of both logically and instinctively-solved puzzles , as well its colorful cel-shaded presentation and mostly traditional storyline and characters , were also designed to appeal to wide range of audiences .
After the release of their first album , Jitter Juice , they toured with the Sneaker Pimps .
After George Washington 's defeat at the Battle of Brandywine on September 11 , 1777 , the revolutionary capital of Philadelphia was defenseless , and that city prepared for British attack .
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg .
In April 2005 , Kanose merged with three neighboring villages to form the town of Aga .
In Zoroastrian tradition the malevolent is represented by Angra Mainyu ( also referred to as '' Ahriman '' ) , the '' Destructive Principle '' , while the benevolent is represented through Ahura Mazda 's Spenta Mainyu , the instrument or '' Bounteous Principle '' of the act of creation .
The winners of the Scottish Cup also qualify for the UEFA Europa League .
They have three pairs of true legs on the three thoracic segments , up to four pairs of prolegs on the middle segments of the abdomen , and often a single pair of prolegs on the last abdominal segment .
For other uses , see State .
Nassau Castle is built .
The density of carbon fiber is also considerably lower than the density of steel , making it ideal for applications requiring low weight .
Winfield is a city in Marion county in the U.S. state of Alabama .
On 13 March 1798 , Weber 's mother died of tuberculosis .
In this municipality was found the first document written in Leonese language , the Nodicia de Kesos .
A civil war , lasting four years , breaks out in the Majapahit Empire in present-day Indonesia .
(/O1996/O) Autocourse Haymarket Publishing p. 110 ISBN 1-874557-91-8 However as the season progressed , Jordan became less competitive .
Sinatra was born in Jersey City , New Jersey , the daughter of singer\/actor Frank Sinatra from his first wife , Nancy Barbato .
Pouilly-sur-Serre is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France with approximately 530 inhabitants .
A khachkar or khatchkar ( , pronounced , meaning cross-stone ) is a cross-bearing carved memorial stele covered with rosettes and botanical motifsThierry , cover sleeve/O. , characteristic of Armenian art and found in Armenia .
Wasabi and scallions are often mixed into the tsuyu .
A mass grave in southern Ukraine , found accidentally by workers in May , is confirmed to be filled with thousands of Holocaust victims .
The Secretary of the Navy ( SECNAV ) of the United States of America is the head of the Department of the Navy , a component organization ( military department ) of the Department of Defense .
She wants to be a superstar so she can get a kiss from Sky Corrigan ( Will Ferrell ) .
Shawnee was the slowest of the parks to develop , as much of the land was already owned by investors who figured they could increase the sale price by holding out .
Base units equivalent to decimal divisions of the day , such as 1\/10 , 1\/100 , 1\/1000 , or 1\/100 ,000 day , or other divisions of the day , such as 1\/20 or 1\/40 day , have also been proposed , with names such as tick , meck , chi , chron , moment , etc. , and multiple and submultiple units formed with metric prefixes .
The rain season for the northern coast is from November to January . For the rest of the country , the rain season is from May to November .
The highest point is Mount Cameroon in the southwest , and the largest cities are Douala , Yaoundé , and Garoua .
It may be possible for the New Horizons spacecraft to investigate L5 Neptune trojans discovered by 2014 , when it passes through this region of space en route to Pluto .
Hnevank ( ; meaning '' Old Monastery '' ) is a 7th-12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery , located near the village of Kurtan in the Lori Province of Armenia .
An objective account is , in this sense , impartial , one which could ideally be accepted by any subject , because it does not draw on any assumptions , prejudices , or values of particular subjects .
Mischa Anne Marsden Barton ( born 24 January 1986 ) is an English-American fashion model , film , television , and stage actress , best known for her role as Marissa Cooper in the American television series The O.C. .
The units are divided into two classes -- base units and derived units .
Gesualdo died in isolation , at his castle Gesualdo in Avellino , three weeks after the death of his son Emanuele , his first son by his marriage to Maria .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
An award is something given to a person or a group of people to recognize excellence in a certain field ; a certificate of excellence .
Led by Gaius Cassius Longinus and Marcus Junius Brutus , they stabbed Julius Caesar to death in the Theatre of Pompey on the Ides of March ( March 15 ) 44 BC .
In 1991 , for the first time , Gergiev conducted a western European opera company with the Bavarian State Opera in a performance of Modest Mussorgsky 's Boris Godunov in Munich .
Athens exported the festival to its numerous colonies and allies in order to promote a common cultural identity .
He currently co-hosts The Bill Watters Show on AM640 Toronto Radio and is a regular pundit on BBC Five Live Fighting Talk .
Their website may be found at St. Kilian 's Badminton Club
Avirey-Lingey is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Hans Georg Fritzsche ( April 21 , 1900 - September 27 , 1953 ) was a senior German Nazi official , ending the war as Ministerialdirektor at the Propagandaministerium .
Career In 1905 , Cortot formed a trio with Jacques Thibaud and Pablo Casals , which established itself as the leading piano trio of its era , and probably of any era .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
, Batista and Ric Flair defeated Edge and Montel Vontavious Porter ( MVP ) .
The Bergeron and Spatial Synoptic Classification systems focus on the origin of air masses that define the climate of a region .
The town largely grew in importance in the late 18th century when it was developed by the Dukes of Devonshire , with a second resurgence a century later as the Victorians were drawn to the reputed healing properties of the waters .
The opera has proved inspirational towards other works of art .
Zenwalk is a Linux distribution founded by Jean-Philippe Guillemin .
Synagogues were often attacked , and eleven Jewish community leaders were kidnapped and executed .
Thus , fundamentalism sought to re-establish tenets that could not be denied without relinquishing a Christian identity , the '' fundamentals '' : inerrancy of the Bible , Sola Scriptura , the Virgin Birth of Jesus , the doctrine of substitutionary atonement , the bodily Resurrection of Jesus , and the imminent return of Jesus Christ .
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats is a collection of whimsical poems by T. S. Eliot about feline psychology and sociology , published by Faber and Faber .
She emigrated to the United States in 1968 , and shortly before the expiry of her visa married Jack Manahan , a Virginia history professor who was later characterized as '' probably Charlottesville 's best-loved eccentric '' .
Walter Stanborough Sutton ( April 5 , 1877 - November 10 , 1916 ) was an American geneticist and physician whose most significant contribution to present-day biology was his theory that the Mendelian laws of inheritance could be applied to chromosomes at the cellular level of living organisms .
( '' Courage , cousins- long live anarchy ! '' )
Wikipedia began as a complementary project for Nupedia , a free online English-language encyclopedia project whose articles were written by experts and reviewed under a formal process .
Eucalyptus regnans is valued for its timber , and has been harvested in very large quantities .
Her early compositions relied heavily on the Roland MC-505 sequencer\/drum machine , while later styles have created layered textures of instruments , electronics and unusual sound samples .
The best-known and perhaps archetypal films were the '' Man with No Name '' trilogy ( or '' Dollars Trilogy '' ) directed by Sergio Leone , starring Clint Eastwood and with the musical scores of Ennio Morricone : A Fistful of Dollars ( 1964 ) , For a Few Dollars More ( 1965 ) , and The Good , the Bad and the Ugly ( 1966 ) .
It will compete with the forthcoming USB 3.0 .
Moisture from Tropical Depression Four-C in October contributed to heavy rainfall on the island of Hawaii .
Ludwig van Beethoven ( ( US ) , ( UK ) ; ; baptised 17 December 1770Beethoven was baptised on 17 December .
People who believe in this theory think that life is too to have been evolved , and that a being created humans .
The study of the structure of the body is called anatomy .
'' You and Me '' - 2:18
Berry-au-Bac is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
'' The Titans Curse '' is received relatively positive reviews , which often lauded the humor and action in the story .
Warren Gamaliel Harding ( November 2 , 1865 -- August 2 , 1923 ) was the 29th President of the United States ( 1921 - 1923 ) .
Club crest and colours Derby County 's original colours ( right ) were amber , chocolate and blue , though by the 1890s the club had adopted its now traditional colours of black and white , still in use today .
Lounsbery animated Ben Ali Gator in Fantasia ; George Darling in Peter Pan ; Tony , Joe , and some of the dogs in Lady And The Tramp ; The Kings in Sleeping Beauty ; The Elephants in The Jungle Book ; and many , many others .
During this time he built an ordinance factory at Odanilai to make war preparations to face the British .
It is bordered on the north by Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and the French overseas department of French Guiana ; on the northwest by Colombia ; on the west by Bolivia and Peru ; on the southwest by Argentina and Paraguay and on the south by Uruguay .
NDP 2009 Logo Theme The theme for NDP 09 , '' Come Together -- Reaching Out , Reaching Up '' draws inspiration from the Singapore National Pledge .
Stills was ranked # 28 in Rolling Stone Magazine 's 2003 list of '' The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .
The Afrikaans Language Monument is located on a hill overlooking Paarl , Western Cape Province , South Africa .
American historian Justin McCarthy is known for his controversial view that no genocide was intended by the Ottoman Empire but that both Armenians and Turks died as the result of civil war .
All members of the ministry must be sworn as members of the Federal Executive Council , a body which is chaired by the Governor-General and which meets solely to endorse and give legal force to decisions already made by the Cabinet .
While the only single released from the album was '' Tears Are Falling '' , music videos were also shot for the songs '' Who Wants To Be Lonely '' and '' Uh !
Beaulieu is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
University of Melbourne , 11/6/2009 In 2008 , it spent $ 653.7 m on research , and has consistently ranked first or second on the major national research indicators which are used by the Australian Government to allocate public funds for research and training infrastructure .
Stigma ( plural : stigmata ) may refer to : In biology : Stigma ( anatomy ) , a small spot , mark , scar , or minute hole In a flower , the stigma is the terminal portion of the gynoecium that has no epidermis and is meant to receive pollen .
It is these conjectures , rather than the classical Riemann hypothesis only for the single Riemann zeta function , which accounts for the true importance of the Riemann hypothesis in mathematics .
Gordan Nikolitch ( ; born 1968 ) is a Serbian violinist .
In addition , a coat of arms was approved , depicting Saint Roch and Saint Romuald .
It rapidly came to be seen as a hereditary caste , sometimes associated with a right to bear a hereditary title and , for example in pre-revolutionary France , enjoying fiscal and other privileges .
Similarly , when superimposing two identical layers of randomly scattered dots at a small angle or with a small scaling difference random dot Glass patterns , namely random dot moiré , appears .
He commissioned work on the old building from Leone Battista Alberti and Bernardo Rossellino and also got Rossellino to design a plan for an entirely new basilica , or an extreme modification of the old .
There was an entry about Malmeneich in the Hessian television in 2002 .
History The scale was created in 1805 by Sir Francis Beaufort , an Irish-born British admiral and hydrographer .
The Cordillera Central ( '' Central mountain chain '' ) is found in the northern part of the province , and the Sierra de Neiba runs across the southern half .
The government of Saint Helena produces its own coinage and banknotes . The Bank of Saint Helena was established on Saint Helena and Ascension Island in the year 2004 .
Waveland was nearly destroyed by Hurricanes Camille on August 17 , 1969 and Katrina on August 29 , 2005 ( see below ) .
In 1824 Hume was seen by Governor Brisbane with reference to an expedition to Spencer Gulf .
The series is licensed in English in North America and the United Kingdom by Tokyopop and in Singapore by Chuang Yi .
Rick speaks loudly and can not pronounce '' r '' s sometimes .
These preferences were extrapolated from the typological theories originated by Carl Gustav Jung , as published in his 1921 book Psychological Types ( English edition , 1923 ) .
Cell division also enables a sexually reproducing organisms to develop from the one-celled zygote , which itself was produced by cell division from gametes .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
D'Ambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003 , winning the Belgian Formula Renault ( 1.6 litre ) championship , driving for former Formula One driver and compatriot Thierry Boutsen 's team .
Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment , the primary DVD and Blu-Ray distributor of Disney films in the USA and abroad .
Whitehall was originally a wide road that ran up to the front of the palace .
The farther the target , the longer the waggle phase , with a rate of increase of about 75 milliseconds per 100 meters .
He won the Junior Wieniawski violin competition at this time .
In common historic and modern usage , a hearth is a brick - or stone-lined fireplace or oven often used for cooking and\/or heating .
These include alcohol , tobacco , betel nut , and caffeine products .
Oliver became the first female to produce a major act when she produced the 1978 album The One and Only by Gladys Knight and the Pips . She acted as producer with John Lennon 's band Elephant 's Memory in 1980 .
John Wayne Gacy , Jr. ( March 17 , 1942 -- May 10 , 1994 ) was an American serial killer active between 1972 and 1978 .
The name has often been interchangeable with florin .
Mersenne primes are interesting to many for their connection to perfect numbers .
Orlando is the home city of the Orlando Magic NBA team , the Orlando Predators Arena Football League team , the Orlando City S.C. USL Pro soccer team and the UCF Knights college athletics teams .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. ( born January 17 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , record producer and actor .
He wore the jersey number '' 1 '' . .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Avezé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on May 30 , did not appear for her return flight , and her packed luggage and passport were found in her Holiday Inn room .
Ashley Michelle Tisdale ( born July 2 , 1985 ) is an American actress and singer who rose to prominence portraying the candy-counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick in Disney Channel 's The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and the female antagonist Sharpay Evans in the High School Musical film series .
On St. Valentine 's Day in 1916 he gave her a miniature of his West Point class ring to seal a formal engagement .
A detachment ( from the French détachement ) is a military unit .
Remembrance Day is observed on 11 November to recall the official end of World War I on that date in 1918 , as the major hostilities of World War I were formally ended '' at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month '' of 1918 with the German signing of the Armistice .
Before his 22nd birthday , he had set many records for high scoring , some of which still stand , and became Australia 's sporting idol at the height of the Great Depression .
, meaning '' Way of the Warrior '' , is a name in common usage since the late 19th century which is used to describe a uniquely Japanese code of conduct adhered to by samurai since time immemorial , and loosely analogous to Western concepts of chivalry .
Twigs are critically important in identification of trees , shrubs and vines , especially in wintertime .
He held a Burnet Fellowship at the University of Western Australia from 1998-2003 and continues research related to H. pylori and runs the H. pylori Research Laboratory at UWA .
Holmes spoke often of Moriarty 's genius in admiration notwithstanding ( in spite of ) the horror of the crimes .
The Texas Department of Transportation operates the Austin District Office in Austin .
Following its discovery , Mab was given the temporary designation S\/2003 U 1 .
The show has become a popular Internet phenomenon since its debut and has also won a cult following .
The term Sturm und Drang first appeared as the title to a play by Friedrich Maximilian Klinger , published in 1776 , about the unfolding American Revolution , in which the author gives violent expression to difficult emotions and extols individuality and subjectivity over the prevailing order of rationalism .
The HUDF image was taken in a section of the sky with a low density of bright stars in the near-field , allowing much better viewing of dimmer , more distant objects .
Austria is a largely mountainous country due to its location in the Alps .
Occasionally readers who have never or rarely edited before , or not from that location , with no intention of registering an account , click on edit only to find that editing from their IP address is blocked , for something they did n't do .
While also eaten year-round , mochi is a traditional food for the Japanese New Year and is commonly sold and eaten during that time .
Harrisburg is the capital of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , in the United States of America .
Plutarch , a Greek scholar who lived from 46 A.D. to 120 AD , wrote Isis and Osiris , which is considered a main source about the very late myths about Isis . In it he writes of Isis , describing her as : '' a goddess exceptionally wise and a lover of wisdom , to whom , Fas her name at least seems to indicate , knowledge and understanding are in the highest degree appropriate . . ''
A failed charge will often leave the would-be attackers extremely vulnerable to a counter-charge .
The Badeshi people there stopped using their native language completely few generations ago .
The Bruins missed the playoffs for the first time in Thompson 's career in the 1931 -- 32 season .
The original founder of Enix , Yasuhiro Fukushima , is currently the largest shareholder of the corporation .
The society was created by E. Urner Goodman , with the assistance of Carroll A. Edson , in 1915 as a means of reinforcing the Scout Oath and the Scout Law .
It destroyed or extensively damaged over 200 homes , 185 m of highway and 15 m of railways .
The fledgling war - and revolution-wracked and isolated new nation did not have the resources to nationalize its film industry at first .
He was the County Governor of Oslo and Akershus , Chairman of the Board of Energy , Minister of Industry , and Minister of Trade and Shipping .
The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas ; this system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels which emerge eventually into open channels whose flow can be directed and regulated .
On 13 January 2006 , Steve Staunton was appointed manager of the Republic of Ireland national team , with Robson named in a support role as International Football Consultant .
Despite its immense size , its thin and fragile jaws make it physically incapable and impossible to consume a large animal , especially a human being .
The last major revision was the fourth edition ( '' DSM-IV '' ) , published in 1994 , although a '' text revision '' was produced in 2000 .
Havelian Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Before Annabeth leaves to go back to the front line to fight for her team , she tells Percy , '' See you at the fireworks ! '' and then leaves before he can answer .
A headset is a headphone combined with a microphone .
Annals ( Latin Annales , from annus , a year ) are a concise form of historical writing which record events chronologically , year by year .
where T is a triangular number .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous tourist towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
During periods of glaciation and resulting low sea levels , Cape York Peninsula provided a low-lying land link .
Roh Tae-woo ( ; born December 4 , 1932 in Daegu , South Korea ) , is a former ROK Army general and politician . He was the 13th president of South Korea ( 1988 - 1993 ) .
Religious debates over the Harry Potter series of books by J. K. Rowling stem largely from assertions that the novels contain occult or Satanic subtexts .
Alessandro 's older brother , Stefano , briefly played professional football for Sampdoria before injury struck him .
Thus , in addition to describing a broad discipline of theology , ecclesiology may be used in the specific sense of a particular church or denomination 's character , self-described or otherwise .
At 10 o'clock in the morning of 20 February , 1873 , he claimed the land for Britain and named it after his father , Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby .
is a rock band from Japan .
He is thought to have introduced Parisian Modism in to England , and possibly to have influenced the young Duns Scotus .
Genre conventions Bollywood films are mostly musicals , and are expected to contain catchy music in the form of song-and-dance numbers woven into the script .
Relative density ( RD ) or specific gravity ( SG ) is a dimensionless quantity , as it is the ratio of either densities or weights
He is renowned for his powerful free kicks and similar long-shots with his strong left foot .
Céline Dion covered the song on her 1998 album These Are Special Times .
Les Oubeaux is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In the city of Shifang , the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia , with hundreds of people reported buried .
Paramount Pictures had been an early backer of television , launching experimental stations in 1939 in Los Angeles and Chicago .
In 2005 they won the contract to supply the Canadian Forces Land Command with the C14 Timberwolf MRSWS for $ 4.5 million .
Caesar salad , Chef salad , Cobb salad , Greek salad , and Michigan salad are types of dinner salad .
It is a triband , composed of three equally wide horizontal bands coloured light blue , white and light blue .
A physicist is a scientist who studies or practices physics .
Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963 .
Arbis is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
After independence , the city 's name was changed to Maputo .
Born a granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom , she was given the name Alexandra Feodorovna upon being received into the Russian Orthodox Church , which canonised her as Saint Alexandra the Passion Bearer in 2000 .
Linda Denise Blair ( born January 22 , 1959 ) is an American actress most famous for her role as the possessed child , Regan , in the 1973 film The Exorcist , and its sequel , Exorcist II : The Heretic .
September -- The first organised street lighting was introduced in London with oil lamps to be lit outside every tenth house on moonless winter nights .
The single became their only ARIA Chart entry , peaking at number 20 .
Wittes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais departeent in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Southcentral Alaska is the portion of the U.S. state of Alaska consisting of the shorelines and uplands of the central Gulf of Alaska .
Agriculture was the key development that led to the rise of human civilization , with the husbandry of domesticated animals and plants ( i.e. crops ) creating food surpluses that enabled the development of more densely populated and stratified societies .
Included in this family are Malagasy rats and mice , climbing mice , African rock mice , swamp mice , pouched rats , and the white-tailed rat .
Automatic hardware detection ( PnP )
On board the ship , Dr. Crusher is good friends with all of the senior staff .
She suffered another stroke on May 8 , however , and on May 14 she died in Toronto , Canada .
Taylor , Maryland
At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England .
The first modern shorthand systems were geometric .
The Colon ( : ) is a punctuation mark consisting of two equally sized dots centered on the same vertical line .
Lost City ( novel ) , a 2004 novel written by Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos
Marco Cassetti ( born May 29 , 1977 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side Roma , as a right-sided midfielder or right-back .
Between March 1918 - April 1918 , he was the governor of the Administration for Western Armenia ( The Armenian provisional government Western Armenia at WorldStatesmen.org of a progressive autonomous regionThe Armenian People from Ancient to Modern Times : Foreign Dominion to Statehood : edited by Richard G Hovannisian that initially set up around Lake Van ) .
The resulting measured masses of margarine are X1 , ... , X25 , a random sample from X.
The blue wave line stands for the river Weser , and the cross in the top derives from the coat of arms of the Bishopric of Paderborn .
Pensions & Investments , a national US investment trade magazine , identified several of the top performing SMAs for 2008 .
Lieutenant General Abid Al-Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was an Iraqi military officer under Saddam Hussein 's deposed regime .
The song was written by The-Dream , Christopher Stewart , Kuk Harrell and Jay-Z , and was produced by Stewart .
Some of the songs , including '' An Cat Dubh '' and '' The Ocean '' , were written and recorded in the studio .
A shrine is usually characterized by the presence of a honden ( also called ) or sanctuary , where the kami is enshrined .
Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
Various symbol sets are used to represent numbers in the Hindu -- Arabic numeral , all of which evolved from the Brahmi numerals .
It is the world 's tallest residential tower and the tallest building in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere .
These three white dwarfs , the first discovered , are the so-called classical white dwarfs . , p. 2 Eventually , many faint white stars were found which had high proper motion , indicating that they could be suspected to be low-luminosity stars close to the Earth , and hence white dwarfs .
It was signed on 7 December 1970 , and it was ratified by the German Bundestag on 17 May 1972 .
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has established centers in 195 countries and states that its membership is in the tens of millions , while the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement states it is established in 17 countries of the world .
This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for spermatozoa to pass through , it neutralizes traces of acidic urine in urethra , and helps flush out any residual urine or foreign matter .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashima Antlers in the J. League .
Lake Kerr is in the northeastern part of the county , near the town of Salt Springs , which is near the border with Putnam County .
The area that Monolophosaurus was found showed signs of water , so it is possible that this dinosaur lived on the shore of lakes or ocean .
The portion of lambda calculus relevant to computation is now called the untyped lambda calculus .
He did not return to the Royal Opera House to conduct opera again until 1954 , with Walton 's Troilus and Cressida , The Times obituary notice , 4 October 1967 , p. 12 although he did conduct the incidental music for a dramatisation of Pilgrim 's Progress given at the Royal Opera House in 1948 .
The same is true of the synonyms technical terms , terms of art , shop talk and words of art , which do not necessarily refer to technology or art.Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of LawMcGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern MedicineWest 's Encyclopedia of American Law Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
Swine influenza , also called pig influenza , swine flu , hog flu and pig flu , is an infection by any one of several types of swine influenza virus . Swine influenza virus ( SIV ) or S-OIV ( swine-origin influenza virus ) is any strain of the influenza family of viruses that is endemic in pigs .
This series was also created by the makers of 6teen , another Teletoon program .
For surviving Aboriginal groups of northern Australia , the didgeridoo is still an integral part of ceremonial life , as it accompanies singers and dancers in cultural ceremonies that continue .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 9,641 people , 3,443 households , and 2,513 families residing in the city .
Rainer Bonhof ( born 28 March 1952 in Emmerich am Rhein , North Rhine-Westphalia ) is a former German footballer .
General improvements Both batch and continuous distillations can be improved by making use of a fractionating column on top of the distillation flask .
It is also anticipated that the univisa will unlock the tourism potential of trans frontier parks by lowering the boundaries between neighboring countries in the parks .
In addition , the German Ministry of Propaganda issued press reports that riots had broken out in Austria and that large parts of the Austrian population were calling for German troops to restore order .
Cyclone Catarina was an extraordinarily rare tropical cyclone , forming in the southern Atlantic Ocean in March 2004 .
His story is told in the History attributed to Moses of Chorene ( 5th to 7th century ) .
In both Mesoamerica and Ancient Egypt writing may have evolved through calendrics and a political necessity for recording historical and environmental events .
A. Byun , B. F. Koop , and T. E. Reimchen : Evolution of the Dawson caribou ( Rangifer tarandus dawsoni ) .
Linguistic evidence , however , places Hmong/Mong people in the same regions of southern China that they inhabit today for at least the past 2,000 years .
He is most notable for his theory of continental drift ( Kontinentalverschiebung ) , proposed in 1915 , which hypothesized that the continents were slowly drifting around the Earth .
The Need for Speed ( occasionally referred to in full as Road & Track Presents : The Need for Speed ) is a 1994 racing video game , developed by Electronic Arts Canada and published by Electronic Arts .
In Formula One , where until 1960 drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap , Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 76 .
Albania , which had severed diplomatic relations with the USSR since 1961 , also had a certain variant of Pioneer organization , called Pioneers of Enver , named after the communist ruler of Albania , Enver Hoxha .
Muawiyah transformed the caliphate into a hereditary office , thus founding the Umayyad dynasty .
Fox Studios Australia is owned by the media conglomerate News Corporation , under the terms of a 99-year lease from the New South Wales State Government .
Carolina Hurricanes ' franchise record for most hat tricks in a single season - 4 ( 2008 -- 09 )
With the extension in place , the Jubilee line became the only line on the London Underground network that has interchanges with all other lines ; it was joined in this distinction by the Central line and the Northern Line when the East London line closed for transfer to London Overground .
The jungle cat ( Felis chaus ) is a medium-sized cat and considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus Felis . The species is also called the swamp lynx but is not closely related to the lynxes .
South Dildo is an unincorporated community which had a population of 272 in 1991 .
Similar terms such as '' child abuse material '' , '' child sexual abuse material '' , '' documented child sexual abuse '' , and '' depicted child sexual abuse '' are also used , as are the acronyms CAM and CAI . The term '' child pornography '' retains its legal definitions in various jurisdictions , along with related terms such as '' indecent photographs of a child '' and others .
Sarcocystis is a genus of protozoa .
She has one brother , Robby , and two sisters , Carrie and Lori .
Jacques Anquetil ( 8 January 1934 -- 18 November 1987 ) was a French road racing cyclist and the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times , in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964 .
This is contrary to the Sunni belief that those Muslims who enter the Hellfire will live therein for a fixed amount of time , to purify them of their shortcomings , after which they will enter Paradise .
May 23 & ndash ; Pope Paul IV succeeds Pope Marcellus II as the 223rd pope .
Director - Bradley Raymond '' Director Frank Nissen on Cinderella III '' .
Blaqk Audio is an electronic music band formed by current AFI members Davey Havok and Jade Puget under Interscope Records .
Beside the above , there are several other sacred literature of Hindus .
The drinks manufacturer Red Bull , which already owned another Formula One team , Red Bull Racing , decided to set up a second team to promote American drivers that have risen through its young driver program , Red Bull Driver Search .
It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
The Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex as a whole has one of the largest concentration of corporate headquarters in the United States .
In Norse mythology , Gram ( Old Norse '' wrath '' ) is the name of the sword that Sigurd ( Siegfried ) used to kill the dragon Fafnir .
Rutland Boughton ( 23 January 1878-25 January 1960 ) was an English composer who became well known in the early 20th century as a composer of opera and choral music .
The League consisted of two divisions : the older Eastern Division ( later the Eastern and Central Divisions ) consists of seven teams based in Ontario and Québec , while the Western Division was formed in 2002 with the addition of the Calgary Oval X-Treme , Edmonton Chimos , and the Vancouver Griffins .
With the arrival of branded pizza such as Domino 's and Pizza Hut in early to mid 1990s , it has reached almost all major cities in India by 2010 .
There are uplifted sea stack formations with prominent rubbing marks about two to four meters in elevation above the ground surface , a height too high to have been caused by modern bovids .
William Lamb , 2nd Viscount Melbourne , PC , FRS ( 15 March 1779 & ndash ; 24 November 1848 ) was a British Whig statesman who served as Home Secretary ( 1830 & ndash ; 1834 ) and Prime Minister ( 1834 and 1835 & ndash ; 1841 ) , and was a mentor of Queen Victoria .
The company produces apparel in a variety of sizes for men , women and children , particularly in rural or underserved areas .
In 1888 Georges Head was chosen as the best place to observe and fire underwater mines , the latest in harbour defences .
Youth Empowerment Scheme , a children 's charity in Belfast , Northern Ireland
The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category and won the group a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B / Soul Single by a Group , Band or Duo .
The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and Hurling , both of which are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) .
History Jared Weeks and Jason Null formed the band in their small hometown of Corinth , Mississippi in 2004 .
In March , she wrestled in her first match , an intergender tag team match with Jake Damian against American Mike Brown and Candie .
The London Borough of Tower Hamlets is a London borough to the east of the City of London and north of the River Thames .
'' Beggar '' redirects here .
Bruce George Gamble ( May 24 , 1938 -- December 29 , 1984 ) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 season in the NHL between 1962 and 1972 , with some years in the minor leagues in between .
Gatwick Express is the name given to the frequent rail shuttle service between Victoria station in London and Gatwick Airport in South East England , operated by the Southern franchise .
On Tuesday , the fire spread over most of the City , destroying St. Paul 's Cathedral and leaping the River Fleet to threaten Charles II 's court at Whitehall , while coordinated firefighting efforts were simultaneously mobilising .
The gypsum kind is so soft as to be readily scratched with a fingernail ( Mohs hardness 1.5 to 2 ) , while the calcite kind is too hard to be scratched in this way ( Mohs hardness 3 ) , although it does yield readily to a knife .
Kanotix can be installed to the hard disk using the ( graphical ) acritoxinstaller , which , depending on optical drive , hard disk and processor speed , can take around 10 - 20 minutes .
Stefani recorded her first solo album Love .
In 1997 , he was the first German to win the Tour de France .
For example , the actions considered rebellious in 1869 were undertaken by Riel as the leader of a government recognized by Canada as in legitimate control of territory that did not belong to Canada ; Canada negotiated the Manitoba Act with this government .
Libyan Premier League 4
Eudora Alice Welty ( April 13 , 1909 & ndash ; July 23 , 2001 ) was an American author who wrote short stories and novels about the American South .
His mother died when he was one , and ten years later his father also died .
In 2001 , the boys launched their first world tour , '' Where Dreams Come True Tour '' , unofficially nicknamed '' The No Stools Tour '' due to the group 's reputation of performing while perched on stools .
The same is true for the enormous Eurasian Plate .
Hinault was nicknamed Le Blaireau ( the Badger ) because the animal has the reputation of not letting go of his prey .
The ancient stone structures are located around the beach ridges , principally on the north and south sides .
It was created in 2005 by Bobby Henderson as a satirical protest to the decision by the Kansas State Board of Education to require the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to biological evolution in public schools .
The Federal Reserve lets banks borrow money .
Some roller coasters , notably Wild Mouse roller coasters , run with single cars .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1921 the Philharmonic merged with New York 's National Symphony Orchestra ( no relation to the present Washington , D.C. ensemble ) . With this merger it also acquired the imposing Dutch conductor Willem Mengelberg .
Survivor : Pearl Islands winner Sandra Diaz-Twine also confirmed that she turned down an offer to join the show , saying that she was still recovering from parasites that she received at Pearl Islands .
The Odyssey ( apartment complex ) , London
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices important for Nepali ( Gorkha ) , Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas , because few spices can be grown there .
In the Battle of the Atlantic , the initially successful German U-boat fleet arm was eventually defeated due to Allied technological innovations like sonar , radar , and the breaking of the Enigma code .
Some Muslim groups do not fast during Ramadan , and instead have fasts different times of the year .
The 1 kilometre extension includes 1 new station located near the upcoming International Cruise Centre at Marina South .
Non Governmental and Intergovernmental Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers .
The mélodie is often defined by comparison to the Lied .
He discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry .
Springfield , Massachusetts : G. & C. Merriam Company .
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
The estimated urban area population is 94,088 .
The New Jersey Nets are a professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association that plays in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Jayat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Sevanavank peninsula ( formerly an island ) is the historic area of the lake at its northern shores .
The first recorded use of Persian pink as a color name in English was in 1923 .
He was also a celebrated interpreter of Franz Schubert 's Lieder , usually with Britten as accompanist and he gave notable performances as the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach 's Passions .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
Alternatively , it can be obtained by dissolving cadmium or cadmium oxide in hydrobromic acid and evaporating the solution to dryness under helium in an inert atmosphere .
Francis died on 5 December 1560 , of an ear infection which led to an abscess in his brain .
Lars Frederiksen , American musician
These are the main settlements in Northamptonshire with a town charter , a population over 5,000 , or which are otherwise notable .
'' Minute of silence '' redirects here . For the Soviet radio program , see Minute of Silence .
Prior to joining the Conservative Party , Grayling was a member of the Social Democratic Party , along with a number of other Cameron frontbenchers [ ] .
There have been many unmanned NASA space missions as well , including at least one that visited each of the other seven planets in the Solar System , and four missions ( Pioneer 10 , Pioneer 11 , Voyager 1 , and Voyager 2 ) that have left the Solar System .
The uvula plays a key role in the articulation of the sound of the human voice to form the sounds of speech .
It flows southeast to Mankato , then turns northeast .
The name Alpha had been used before in the Atlantic for a subtropical storm , but 2005 was the first season to have a tropical storm Alpha .
Tsutomu Sonobe ( born March 29 , 1958 ) is a former Japanese football player .
A number of honours were bestowed on him : knighted by the king in 1911 , he was awarded the gold medal of the Royal Philharmonic Society in 1921 and was made a Companion of Honour in 1944 .
University College London ( UCL ) is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and the largest constituent college of the federal University of London . Founded in 1826 , UCL was the first university institution to be founded in London and the first in England to be established on an entirely secular basis , to admit students regardless of their religion and to admit women on equal terms with men .
Riverwood is a city in northeastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Rock painting was also performed on cliff faces , but fewer of those have survived because of erosion .
Tallest completed buildings This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide , South Australia .
Draken 's design incorporated a distinctive '' double-delta '' configuration , with one delta wing within another larger delta .
Gentianales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons .
She wanted to perform from a very early age and began singing and dancing in her hometown and other local areas at community events and shows .
The United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development is the head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development , a member of the President 's Cabinet , and thirteenth in the Presidential line of succession .
When thou hadst overcome the sharpness of death : thou didst open the Kingdom of Heaven to all believers .
He played for Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i , Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and Chunnam Dragons in Korea Republic , and Kyoto Purple Sanga in Japan .
Moorhead stands along the Soldier River and , as of the 2000 census , its population was 232 .
The following names were used for named storms ( tropical storms and hurricanes ) that formed in the North Atlantic in 1970 . A storm was named Felice for the first time in 1970 .
Daignac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
In contrast , football ( soccer ) leagues like the Premier League are tournaments in the second sense , but not the first , having matches spread across many stadia over a period of up to a year .
Tehama County ( pronounced teh-HAY-muh ) is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Tyson lost his title when he lost to 42-to-1 underdog James '' Buster '' Douglas in February 11 , 1990 , in Tokyo , by a KO in round 10 .
The 1912 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1912 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Despite their relatively modest height compared with some continental ranges , walking and climbing in the Scottish mountains may be made treacherous by their latitude and exposure to Atlantic weather systems .
com , 22 September 2009 long in a harbourside location similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix and the new circuit in Valencia .
On January 1 , 2006 the municipality had a total population of 20,970 .
Chuang Yi Publishing Pte Ltd. , July 2003 .
Prentice Alvin ( 1989 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
They have two sons : Julius Robert Bay Tapert ( born 16 October 1999 ) and Judah Miro Tapert ( born 7 May 2002 ) , who were both born in Auckland , New Zealand .
That election marked the first time an American First Lady had run for public office ; Clinton was also the first female senator to represent New York .
They toured most of 1995-1996 and releasing their album Dude Ranch in 1997 by Cargo Records and MCA Records for a bigger word on their release .
The stadium is called La Cueva del Monstruo ( The Monster 's Cave ) , after the nickname of the club , El Monstruo Morado ( '' The Purple Monster '' ) .
In 2005 , that Russian-speaking university was renamed Immanuel Kant State University of Russia in honor of Kant .
It is connected to the main section of the island by the 5 km ( 3 mile ) wide Isthmus of Avalon .
As such he argued that the political crisis of the time required more than perfecting moral character .
The only exception is the Norwegian trench which extends parallel to the Norwegian shoreline from Oslo to an area north of Bergen .
As is usual for a first-person shooter , Nukem encounters a large number of lesser foes , and a small number of boss enemies ( usually at the end of chapters ) .
Condé-sur-Suippe is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Super Aguri kept their 2007 drivers Takuma Sato and Anthony Davidson , following the acquisition of an unspecified portion of the team by the Magma Group .
The Yasin Valley ( ) , Tehsil Yasin or Babaye-i-Yasen ( ) or Worshigum ( ) is a high mountain valley in the Hindu Kush mountains , in the northwest region of Gilgit in Gilgit-Baltistan , Pakistan .
At the outbreak of World War I in 1914 , organization continued as no one anticipated that the war would continue for several years .
Steven George Gerrard , MBE ( ; born 30 May 1980 ) , is an English footballer who plays for English Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team .
The 1979 Pacific typhoon season has no official bounds ; it ran year-round in 1979 , but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December .
Fey reprised this role on the October 4 show , and on the October 18 show where she was joined by the real Sarah Palin .
Midwest Radio launched an online only radio station - Midwest Irish Radio - in 2005 .
Ripken is perhaps best known for breaking New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig 's record for consecutive games played , a record many deemed unbreakable .
Students from recognizable private schools can only sit for this examination in any government-run schools .
They have mostly worked on the Merseyrail network since 1983 , and continue to do so , now refurbished by Alstom 's Eastleigh Works .
Hypogaea means '' under the earth . ''
Las Américas reported 5.01 inches ( 127 mm ) of rainfall from Chris .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Timi County , a county in western Romania
Cale and Akima overhear an argument between Korso and the Drej Queen , and discover that Korso and Preed are working with the Drej to try to destroy the Titan in exchange for money , since Korso thinks that the human race is doomed anyway and there is no hope ; they escape from the Valkyrie , but Akima is shot and wounded by Preed in the chase .
The first use of '' taupe '' as a color name in English was in the early 1800s ( exact year is not known ) .
The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia and Europe , alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire , for a period of more than 400 years .
Dehault is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Following Survivor Series 2001 , the title was renamed the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) Cruiserweight Championship , replacing the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship .
She is based on Rosa Klebb from the James Bond film From Russia with Love and Irma Bunt from On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
He became a successful printer and editor with that newspaper , and later its owner .
Scholars including Avrich and Allan Antliff have interpreted this vision of society to have been greatly influenced by the individualist anarchists Max Stirner , and Benjamin Tucker .
A sounding of the sea bottom revealed more than 5000 f of water , indicating no land in near proximity .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
The film stars Anne Hathaway as Ella and Hugh Dancy as Prince Charmont .
His son Kota is also a professional footballer .
An ISBN is assigned to each edition and variation ( except reprintings ) of a book .
Johnny Cash ( February 26 , 1932 -- September 12 , 2003 ) , born J. R. Cash , was an American singer-songwriter and one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century .
When one to a few years old , the leaves of most species become alternate , lanceolate to falcate ( sickle-shaped ) , quite slender and pendulous with longer petioles .
Year 33 ( XXXIII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Almost all modern essays are written in prose , but works in verse have been dubbed essays ( e.g. Alexander Pope 's An Essay on Criticism and An Essay on Man ) .
An AIDS orphan is a child who became an orphan because one or both parents died from AIDS .
In 2005 she released her first Chinese album , Sheng Sheng Zui Ru Lan , covering songs by more established C-pop singers .
Tin ( II ) chloride ( stannous chloride ) is a white crystalline solid with the formula 2 .
, also formerly known by the subtitle Super Mario Bros. 4 in Japan , is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo as a pack-in launch title for the Super Famicom\/Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) , and is the seventh game in the Super Mario series .
In recent decades , an alternative doctrine known as '' Oneness '' has gained credence amongst various Pentecostal groups ( see below ) , but has been rejected by the remainder of Christendom .
Biography Ramé was born in Bury St. Edmunds , England , to a French father and an English mother .
Ko skowola literally translates as Horse 's Will .
Because the depression was far removed from the subtropical ridge and an upper-level low pressure area was sitting to the north , steering currents were weak at first , and the depression drifted very slowly on a general west-northwest track .
Jonah ( ; , Y nus or , Y n n ; ) is the name given in the Hebrew Bible ( Tanakh\/Old Testament ) to a prophet of the northern kingdom of Israel in about the 8th century BC , the eponymous central character in the Book of Jonah , famous for being swallowed by a fish .
Le Guin was born and raised in Berkeley , California , the daughter of anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber and writer Theodora Kroeber .
An Entertainer is a person or people who are employed to bring joy , relaxation or happiness .
Robinson did not long outlive his son .
Brand New Eyes is the third album by American Alternative rock band Paramore , released September 29 , 2009 through Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada .
The station is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register .
It is still used by the Berber people of North Africa , on Mount Athos , and by many national Orthodox churches .
On certain sites , search from within the website on the results page .
Between 1206 and 1150 BCE , the cultural collapse of the Mycenaean kingdoms , the Hittite Empire in Anatolia and Syria , and the Egyptian Empire in Syria and Canaan interrupted trade routes and extinguished literacy .
The capital of the district is Mindelheim .
Although the focus is conceptually a point , physically the focus has a spatial extent , called the blur circle .
When something has no color , it is colorless .
The area was de facto annexed by Nazi Germany in 1940 ( although no official de jure annexation took place ) , but reverted to France in 1944-1945 at the end of World War II and has remained a part of France since .
List of MPs elected in the general election The following table is a list of MPs elected on 5 May 2005 , ordered by constituency .
Edgar had made extensive grants of land to monasteries which pursued the new monastic ideals of ecclesiastical reform , but these disrupted aristocratic families ' traditional patronage .
Peter Handke ( born 6 December 1942 , in Griffen , Austria ) is an avant-garde Austrian novelist and playwright .
They are considered the most complex integumentary structures found in vertebrates , and indeed a premier example of a complex evolutionary novelty .
They have supported Girls Aloud on the tour for their Tangled Up album and fellow labelmates Jonas Brothers at one of their recent live dates in London .
He went on to win his first senior international title at the 2005 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships .
His family moved to Wedderburn , Victoria when he was five years old , where he attended the local school before working with his father as a haulage contractor .
Lanzarote is the easternmost island of the Canary Islands and has volcanic origin .
Contemporary Marketing Mason , OH : South-Western Cengage Learning .
The Cat and Kutter in The Terrible Thunderlizards , which he created with Savage Steve Holland .
Student Cabinet is in charge of numerous agendas including dances , some fundraisers , school spirit and community involvement .
Besides many different honors bestowed upon him , Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena\/Saale , and a street in Jena was named after him .
Aquaman is a fictional comic book superhero who appears in DC Comics .
Whiting is a city located in the Chicago Metropolitan Area in Lake County , Indiana , United States , incorporated in 1869 .
Calvin died on 27 May 1564 aged 54 .
The application is also an interface to manage the contents on Apple 's iPod and iPhone lines , as well as the iPad .
Mega Man Star Force 2 , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Spectroscopy can be used to derive many properties of distant stars and galaxies , such as their chemical composition , but also their motion by Doppler shift measurements .
Benson & Hedges is a British brand of cigarettes owned by the Gallaher Group , which became a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco in 2007 .
Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
He shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine '' for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns '' with two other important early ethologists , Nikolaas Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch .
Valea Mare ( Hungarian : Nagypatak ) is a commune in Covasna county , Romania .
He played 45 games for the Serbia and Montenegro national football team and scored 3 goals .
In mathematics :
It is the only university of India and first in Asia which has received Platinum Technology Award for quality and excellence in the field of education , in Geneva , Switzerland ; presented by Otherways Management and Consulting ( OMAC ) , a Paris based international organization .
Takumi Wada ( born October 20 , 1981 in Shizuoka ) is a Japanese football player who plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba since 2009 .
He received his Ph.D. in mathematical physics from Princeton University in 1936 .
The extremely rare half twins or semi-identical twins ' are twins that inherit exactly the same genes from their mother but different genes from their father .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
The man who is not currently a fornicator can only marry a woman who is not currently a fornicatress or a chaste woman from the people of the Book .
Hiéville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Loyalty is faithfulness or a devotion to a person or cause .
Cantor ( church ) , an ecclesiastical officer leading liturgical music in several branches of the Christian church
The penetrating partner lies on top with spread legs .
The Invention of Marie Harel , Camembert de Normandie web site However , the origin of the cheese known today as Camembert is more likely to rest with the beginnings of the industrialization of the cheese-making process at the end of the 19th century .
Straight rail , sometimes referred to as carom billiards , straight billiards , the three-ball game , the carambole game , and the free game in Europe , is thought to date to the 18th century , although no exact time of origin is known .
Rock and roll ( often written as rock & roll or rock 'n' roll ) is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s , primarily from a combination of the blues , country music , jazz and gospel music .
March 29 & ndash ; The Royal Albert Hall is opened by Queen Victoria .
Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , is the largest recent order of reptiles , including lizards and snakes .
Parmenides of Elea ( Greek : ; fl . early 5th century BCE ) was an ancient Greek philosopher born in Elea , a Greek city on the southern coast of Italy .
History Prior to establishing the nation 's capital in Washington , D.C. , the United States Congress and its predecessors had met in Philadelphia , New York City , and a number of other locations .
Witham is under the jurisdiction of Witham Town Council ( its parish council ) , Braintree District Council and Essex County Council .
Like almost all other lithium compounds , Li2CO3 is polymeric .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a humanist , and wrote about resistance , love , peace , death and God .
His wife reneges on her late husband 's vow and sells Tom at auction to a vicious plantation owner named Simon Legree .
As a result of his teachings in putting emphasis on literature as a fundamental form of human expression , Chinese writing would begin to thrive in Japan , becoming an accepted artistic pursuit .
Subtropical cyclones are also more likely than tropical cyclones to form outside of a region 's designated hurricane season .
` Invasion Day ' has been widely used to describe the alternative Indigenous observance of Australia Day . Although some Indigenous Australians celebrate Australia Day , Invasion Day protests occur almost every year .
The tree line , like many other natural lines ( lake boundaries , for example ) , appears well-defined from a distance , but upon sufficiently close inspection , it is a gradual transition in most places .
Baby blue ( displayed at right ) is a shade of blue , one of the pastel colors .
West Punjab was a province of Pakistan from 1947 to 1955 .
This list of geological features on Ariel itemizes the named geological features on the moon of Uranus called Ariel .
Today the city is an important centre for mining , fishing , wheat , sheep and tourism .
He had one son with Betty Kern , and another son , Jonathan Shaw ( a well-known tattoo artist who founded Fun City Tattoo ) , with Doris Dowling .
The primary match on the SmackDown brand was a No Disqualification match between Jeff Hardy and Edge for the WWE Championship , which Edge won by pinfall after Matt Hardy interfered in the match and hit Jeff with a steel chair .
'' White on White '' was a breakthrough from polychrome to monochrome Suprematism .
Henrik Pedersen ( born 10 June 1975 in Kjellerup , Denmark ) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Silkeborg IF , having left Hull City by mutual consent for family reasons . He has played three games for the Danish national team .
Sodium , chloride , and phosphate ions are essential for life , as are some inorganic molecules such as carbonic acid , nitrogen , carbon dioxide , water and oxygen .
Within a year , medical examiners had identified the remains of 33 victims who had been on board Flight 11 .
Note that these treatments need to be prescribed and monitored carefully to avoid harmful side-effects such as neuroleptic malignant syndrome with the antipsychotic medications .
In sports , home is a term referring to both the city and stadium , arena , or field where an athletic team plays games at their venue , whilst when the team plays elsewhere then they are considered the away team .
There is a ski access through off-piste routes from Bruson ski area to Sembrancher , and then back to Verbier via local train or bus .
Koji Homma is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
The band formed in 2007 , and in January 2009 released their first album XO .
Renault S.A. is a French automaker producing cars , vans , and in the past , autorail vehicles , trucks , tractors , vans and also buses\/coaches .
Bernard Jeffrey McCullough ( October 5 , 1957 -- August 9 , 2008 ) , better known by his stage name , Bernie Mac , was an American actor and comedian .
The 1958 Formula One season was the ninth season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
The various officers of arms have their own private practices in heraldry and genealogy , and receive only nominal salaries as officers of the College .
Cradle of Filth 's first three years saw three demos and a rehearsal tape recorded amidst the sort of rapid line-up fluctuations that have continued ever since , the band having more than twenty musicians in its history .
David Blunkett ( L )
In 1714 , Louis XIV bestowed the usufruct of the principality on Prince Louis Armand of Bourbon-Conti .
It was released in 1991 by Paramount Pictures .
Sud-Est ( , ) is one of the ten departments ( French : départements ) of Haiti .
Glasgow was announced as the host city for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in November 2007 , and Hampden will host the athletics events .
Light , which is emitted and absorbed in tiny '' packets '' called photons , exhibits properties of both waves and particles .
The British Rail Class 12 is a diesel locomotive built primarily for shunting duties .
Some bacteria use conjugation to transfer genetic material between bacteria ; while not the same as sexual reproduction , this also results in the mixture of genetic traits .
Garrison is a city in Benton County , Iowa , United States .
The current mayor is James Atebe .
$ 200 million was expected to be spent for security , which was organized through a special body , the Integrated Security Unit , of which the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) was the lead agency ; other government agencies such as the Vancouver Police , Canadian Security Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) , the Canadian Forces , police from other cities , and the Canada Border Services Agency also played a role .
FM Static is a two-piece Toronto-based Christian pop punk band currently signed to Tooth & Nail Records .
December 25 -- Baldwin I becomes King of Jerusalem .
History The orchestra was founded in 1918 by Adella Prentiss Hughes , with Nikolai Sokoloff as its principal conductor .
On September 27 , 2009 , she and Los Angeles Lakers forward Lamar Odom were married .
Wayne Hope as Wayne Kerrigan , the black sheep , who is serving time for armed robbery but loves his family regardless
Manora is connected to the mainland by a 12 kilometer long causeway called the Sandspit .
They have a large role in improvised music such as in jazz and Baroque music . A '' favorite technique of contemporary jazz writers '' , ostinati are often used in modal and Latin jazz , traditional African music including Gnawa music and boogie-woogie .
Luther divided the world into the religious and secular realms and argued that the Sermon only applied to the spiritual .
The University of Toledo is a public university situated in Toledo , Ohio .
Burkholderia gladioli is a species of aerobic gram-negative rod-shaped bacteria that causes disease in both humans and plants .
Roberts described the process of writing the Seth books as entering a trance state .
However , it is not the only standard for country codes .
It 's Official - New Line Cinema is Dead !
Camilla '' Milly '' Rosso and Rebecca '' Becky '' Rosso ( born July 6 , 1994 ) are English identical twin actresses .
Repentance ( album ) , the tenth album by acid rapper Esham
From then on , challenges would alternate between '' reward challenges '' where winners would receive a special prize , and '' elimination challenges '' where the losing team would vote off one of its own in an elaborate '' Gilded Chris Ceremony '' .
In the same year , the famous Russian bass Feodor Chaliapin and Serge Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes with conductor Ernest Ansermet are guest performers .
Type theory In type theory , commonly used in programming languages , a tuple has a product type ; this fixes not only the length , but also the underlying types of each component .
It garnered DVDX awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .
Since the brain does not function , the hormone levels and blood pressure must be regulated by doctors to keep the organs alive .
French teams are third , having won 53 Grands Prix between three teams .
The Australian stayed in Formula Renault for a second year in 2008 , entering the European and Western European championships .
Miribel
According to Tessa Hofmann , Turkish officials frequently used the accusation of collaboration with the ASALA and foreign Armenian circles to incriminate extreme left-wing Turkish opposition groups .
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare ( born 11 January 1934 ) , commonly known as Tony Hoare or C.A.R. Hoare , is a British computer scientist , probably best known for the development in 1960 , at age 26 , of Quicksort , one of the world 's most widely used sorting algorithms .
They are made by KP Snacks in Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the UK .
It was commercially successful , selling over 4.9 million copies , with 2.93 million copies sold in the United States , and 1.97 million copies sold in Japan .
It depicts a small plastic crucifix submerged in a glass of the artist 's urine .
Other animals such as squirrels or jays will either split the shell completely in half or make a jagged hole in it .
It plays games from ROM-based media contained in small plastic detachable units called cartridges ( sometimes called carts or Game Paks ) .
A unique low-tack adhesive allows the notes to be easily attached and removed without leaving marks or residue , unless used on white boards .
It is close to the border with Santo Domingo and to Saint-Domingue and is one of the oldest cities in Haiti .
It neighbors Ecuador and Colombia to the north , Brazil to the east , Bolivia to the southeast , Chile to the south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
However , many cryptanalysts believe that once implementation considerations are taken into account the XSL attack would be more expensive than a brute force attack .
Several major studies show academic performance increased and disciplinary problems decreased in large non-ADD student populations when artificial ingredients , including artificial colors , were eliminated from school food programs .
Some stages offer Yoshi the ability to morph into vehicles for a short time . DS , like the original Yoshi 's Island , differs from many platforming games in that Yoshi does not have a life bar ; when Yoshi is hit , the baby he is carrying falls off his back and Yoshi must retrieve him\/her before a timer runs out .
Sir John Arthur '' Jack '' Brabham , AO , OBE ( born 2 April 1926 ) is an Australian former racing driver who was Formula One champion in , and .
However there are different accounts of exactly how she discovered that silkworms made silk .
An Outcast : a Novel , N. York , 1861 , 12mo .
phallah is a beautiful village .
L'Atalante and its neighbors the Urania and Discovery deep hypersaline anoxic basins ( DHABs ) are at most 35,000 years old , and were formed by Messinian evaporite salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in abyssal depressions about 3000 m deep .
Beverly Sills ( May 25 , 1929-July 2 , 2007 ) was an American operatic soprano whose peak career was between the 1950s and 1970s .
It is in response to clutter , disorder , litter , dirtiness or to prevent such .
Zones by region Parc Naturel Régional de Corse The island has a natural park ( Parc Naturel Régional de Corse , Parcu di Corsica ) , which protects thousands of rare animal and plant species .
The console was based on VIA 's Glory Personal Gaming Console Platform , and would have included a keyboard , mouse , game controller and a remote control .
Siarnaq ( , or Saturn XXIX , is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
Longues-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In cryptography , RC2 is a block cipher designed by Ron Rivest in 1987 .
In 1832 the Seminoles were called to a meeting at Payne 's Landing on the Ocklawaha River .
It also may have contributed to the success of the Arabs a few generations later in the Byzantine-Arab Wars .
Survivor : Palau is the tenth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
The team consists of leader Barney Ross ( Sylvester Stallone ) , former SAS soldier and blades specialist Lee Christmas ( Jason Statham ) , martial artist Yin Yang ( Jet Li ) , sniper Gunner Jensen ( Dolph Lundgren ) , weapons specialist Hale Caesar ( Terry Crews ) and demolitions expert Toll Road ( Randy Couture ) .
McGraw-Hill , Seventh edition .
James Hudson Taylor ( ) ( 21 May 1832 -- 3 June 1905 ) , was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China , and founder of the China Inland Mission ( CIM ) ( now OMF International ) .
In painting he gained renown for his style of painting misty landscapes .
There were around 55,000 people missing and many other deaths were found in other towns and areas , although the Burmese government 's official death toll may have been underreported , and there have been allegations that they stopped updating the death-toll after 138,000 to minimize political fallout .
Constantine VII Porphyrogennetos or Porphyrogenitus , '' the Purple-born '' ( ; September 2 , 905 - November 9 , 959 ) was the fourth emperor of the Macedonian dynasty of the Byzantine Empire , reigning from 913 to 959 . He was the son of the emperor Leo VI and his fourth wife Zoe Karbonopsina , and the nephew of his predecessor , the emperor Alexander .
The geology of the region includes mostly limestone , and has the East Midlands Oil Province .
Some linguists propose the grouping of Mongolic with Turkic and Tungusic as Altaic languages , but this hypothesis is not universally agreed upon .
Many of the earlier public schools in the United States were one-room schools where a single teacher taught seven grades of boys and girls in the same classroom .
He would make his head touch the floor and pray to her daily , and while dying he would pray throughout the day .
Saint-Folquin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Running as a Republican , he lost his re-election bid in 2006 to Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse .
The police are from Tasmania , New South Wales , Australian Federal Police , Queensland , Northern Territory , Western Australia , New Zealand and Indonesia .
The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose , dividing the two nostrils .
Dixon is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
C.
The electrons interact with the atoms that make up the sample producing signals that contain information about the sample 's surface topography , composition and other properties such as electrical conductivity .
Afrodisiac is the fourth studio album by American singer Brandy , released by Atlantic Records on June 28 , 2004 on most international territories and on June 29 , 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) in Canada and the United States .
Some typical forms include : the Fibonacci fan , the Fibonacci arc , Fibonacci retracement and the Fibonacci time extension .
Lollapalooza ( \/O/ l l p luz \/O/ ) is an annual music festival featuring popular heavy metal , alternative rock , hip hop , and punk rock bands , dance and comedy performances , and craft booths .
The terraforming process was only the first step in making a planet habitable , however , and the outlying settlements often did not receive any further support in the construction of their civilizations .
Apatosaurus ( ) , also known by the popular but obsolete synonym Brontosaurus , is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived about , during the Jurassic Period ( Kimmeridgian and Tithonian ages ) .
This site contains hominid footprints that are remarkably similar to those of modern humans and have been dated to as old as 3.7 million years .
A plant producing electricity , heat and cold is sometimes called trigeneration or more generally : polygeneration plant .
The new stub category should be correctly added into other categories .
These roles\/characters can be found in today 's pantomimes .
After resigning as the Norwegian national team 's coach Hareide began working as an expert Norwegian Premier League commentator for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
Fanning Springs is a city in Gilchrist and Levy counties in the U.S. state of Florida .
Periodic acid , or iodic ( VII ) acid is an oxoacid of iodine having chemical formula HIO4 or H5IO6 .
The location of oases has been of critical importance for trade and transportation routes in desert areas .
'' The Black Parade '' at Metacritic They have since finished recording their fourth studio album , Danger Days : The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys .
Overall , 86.01 % of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $ 55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White alone , while only 7.21 % were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37 % by someone who identified as being African American or Black .
In the film Hellboy , one of the antagonists is a giant hell-hound called Sammael , that Hellboy nicknames '' Sammy '' .
Bonnie strengthened into a 115 mph ( 185 km\/h ) Category 3 hurricane , and retained this strength until just before landfall on August 27 near Wilmington , North Carolina .
Election of judges The Court 's judges are elected by the Bundestag and the Bundesrat .
On 1 September 1830 , a group of soldiers and police caught Donahue and his gang .
Bees have a long proboscis ( a complex '' tongue '' ) that enables them to obtain the nectar from flowers .
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ( Dutch : Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij , literally Royal Aviation Company ; usual English translation : Royal Dutch Airlines ) is the national airline of the Netherlands and is part of Air France-KLM .
Rotten Tomatoes and won four Guldbagge Awards ( Sweden 's official film awards ) at the 1999 ceremony .
Their 1992 album Trapped marked their international breakthrough , a short highlight being Rage 's tour in Japan .
At his father 's advice , Phelps enrolled in his first economics course in his second year at Amherst .
A book describing the whole story and facts was written by Vladimir Bereanu and Kalin Todorov .
Brewton is a city in Escambia County , Alabama , United States .
The Striped Dolphin ( Stenella coeruleoalba ) is an extensively studied dolphin that is found in temperate and tropical waters of all the world 's oceans .
Breeza is located in the Liverpool Plains agricultural region , and the area around Breeza in particular is called the '' Breeza Plains '' .
Nawansher Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan District Government Abbottabad .
He traveled as far south as the Clyde River , and inland nearly as far as Braidwood .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
Cunnilingus refers to oral sex performed on females while fellatio and irrumatio refer to oral sex performed on males .
Rail The train station is located just north of downtown Brantford .
It lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe river , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north-south highway of Malawi , the M1 .
Myths In Japanese mythology , Susano'o , the powerful storm of Summer , is the brother of Amaterasu , the goddess of the sun , and of Tsukuyomi , the god of the moon .
Lake Huron ( ) is one of the five Great Lakes of North America .
In 1978 , he founded Tenzing Norgay Adventures , a company providing trekking adventures in the Himalayas .
'' I Just Wan/Ona '' and '' Take It Off '' were played on the Revenge tour and appeared on Alive III , and '' Every Time I Look at You '' was performed on Kiss Unplugged .
Four singles were released from the album : '' One Step Closer '' , '' Papercut '' , the Grammy Award-winning '' Crawling '' and '' In the End '' , the latter which was responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity .
La Chapelle-Gaugain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The United States Capitol is the meeting place of the United States Congress , and the legislature of the Federal government of the United States .
Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , 5th ed .
'' Firework '' is a song by American recording artist Katy Perry .
Island of Crete , shortly after the Trojan War .
Although these goods are free goods ( in the economic sense ) once they have been produced , they do require scarce resources , such as skilled labor , to create them in the first place .
Robert Frederick Zenon '' Bob '' Geldof , KBE ( born 5 October 1951 ) is an Irish singer , songwriter , author , and political activist .
Zoe the Macedonian ( ca .
Regimental Medical Officer ( RMO ) ( Army Medical Services Captain or Major )
Although Rattle studied piano and violin , his early work with orchestras was as a percussionist .
Kota Yoshihara ( born February 2 , 1978 in Fujiidera , Osaka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
It is located at the mouth of the Meghna River .
He went to Bollington Cross C of E Primary School , attended the Central Grammar School for Boys in Manchester , Falconer , Isobel .
Title , subtitle and editor can be set or changed here .
It is the only team from the Northern Areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there .
Northern Ireland : 26 district council areas
Andrew Bonar Law PC ( 16 September 1858 -- 30 October 1923 ) , commonly known as Bonar Law , was a British Conservative Party statesman and Prime Minister .
The defendants in this case were officials of various Reich ministries , facing various charges for their roles in Nazi Germany and thus their participation in or responsibility for the numerous atrocities committed both in Germany and in occupied countries during the war .
Slatina is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Guayabal ( D.M. )
, Aithiopia is from , Aithiops , ` an Ethiopian ' , derived in turn from Greek words meaning '' of burned face '' .
The Oilers set a new record , which they had just set the previous year , for most goals in a season with 424 and were led by Wayne Gretzky 's 196 points .
The Chrysler Corporation , Mitsubishi 's longtime partner , also used the name in the 1970 when it rebadged the second generation Mitsubishi Galant as Dodge Colt and Plymouth Colt captive imports for the United States market .
She was born in Agra , India .
Mukshpuri and Miranjani are two nearby high peaks .
The Indian Ocean joins the Pacific Ocean to the east , near Australia .
Sikhism is a very small minority religion in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan but has many cultural , historical and political ties to the country , and to the historical region of Punjab .
Saint Cyprian ( Thascius Caecilius Cyprianus ) ( died September 14 , 258 ) was bishop of Carthage and an important early Christian writer .
Baucau is the second-largest city in East Timor , after Dili , the capital , which lies 122 km east of Dili .
For any isolated system with a mass of more than a few picograms , probabilities of observing a decrease in entropy approach zero .
Paradoxically it is also one of most well-watered parts , having large amounts of snow and rain up on the highest peaks found in Switzerland .
Real Club Recreativo de Huelva , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Huelva in the autonomous community of Andalusia .
Hence , the Grundgesetz ( the constitution of the Federal Republic ) was not applicable to West Berlin .
The entire 1,230-game schedule , that was to begin in October , was officially canceled on February 16 , 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on September 16 , 2004 .
The Potter Park Zoo is a 102 a zoo located in Lansing , Michigan , within Lansing 's Potter Park .
The daughter of a Czech father and British mother , Vera Menchik was born in Moscow but , in the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution , moved with her family to England in 1921 .
Other important localities in the province are Mogtédo and Méguet .
He was a member of the Dominican community at Fiesole .
Expansion project approved The Edmonton Eskimos and Calgary Stampeders will also have their stadiums and facilities renovated in time for the 2010 season .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Through 2010 , all but one of the player inductees played some part of their pro career in the NFL ( the lone exception is Buffalo Bills guard Billy Shaw , who played his entire career in the American Football League ( AFL ) prior to the 1970 AFL-NFL merger ) .
Principal signatories were Marshal Ferdinand Foch , the Allied Commander-in-chief , and Matthias Erzberger , Germany 's representative .
This is particularly true of CPUs in a multiprocessing system .
In 1975 it unified with the neighbour communities of Gladbeck and Kirchhellen , but Gladbeck left it in 1976 , leading to Kirchhellen becoming a district of Bottrop as Bottrop-Kirchhellen .
All Uranus 's moons are named after characters created by William Shakespeare or Alexander Pope .
As a result , most of the main belt 's mass has been lost since the formation of the Solar System .
Yeasts have asexual and sexual reproductive cycles , however the most common mode of vegetative growth in yeast is asexual reproduction by budding or fission .
Spruce are trees in the genus Picea .
Only one televised performance of the song showed Gaye singing the song to a puppet .
Because Kubuntu is Ubuntu with a KDE desktop , any version available in Ubuntu is also available for Kubuntu .
This can be used to transform differential equations into algebraic equations .
The name Breda derived from brede Aa ( ` broad Aa ' ) and refers to the confluence of the rivers Mark and Aa .
Talais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Tommy Lee Jones ( born September 15 , 1946 ) is an American actor and film director .
Frederick Russell Burnham , DSO ( May 11 , 1861 - September 1 , 1947 ) was an American scout and world traveling adventurer known for his service to the British Army in colonial Africa and for teaching woodcraft to Robert Baden-Powell , thus becoming one of the inspirations for the founding of the international Scouting Movement .
It is classified as a chordophone by the Harvard Dictionary of Music and only types of harps are in that class of instruments with plucked strings .
A number of premises were constructed solely for these assemblies , some of which were not finished .
This is our nation , this is our land and it belongs to us .
Montagoudin is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Please note : When this article refers to Santo Domingo it is most likely referring to the Greater Santo Domingo Area ( Distrito Nacional plus Santo Domingo Province ) .
Systems theory is interdisciplinary theory about the nature of complex systems in nature , society , and science .
The Boy Friend , a 1954 musical
July was renamed for Julius Caesar , who was born in that month .
Although beer is not legally mandated in the USA to have a shelf life , freshness dates serve much the same purpose and is used as a marketing tool .
At the age of ten , he was hospitalized with a gastrointestinal condition and had to remain at the hospital for a prolonged time .
The role of the emperor of Japan has historically alternated between a largely ceremonial and symbolic role and that of an actual imperial ruler .
Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .
In 2003 , Jeckle became a professor at the University of Applied Sciences in Furtwangen im Schwarzwald .
One influential image was created by John William Waterhouse , from 1895 to 1905 , entitled A Mermaid , ( see the top of this article ) .
Klaus Ebner ( b. August 8 , 1964 ) is an Austrian writer , essayist , poet , and translator .
Codeine or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic properties .
In 1996 , he starred in Shine , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor , becoming the first Australian-born actor to win an Oscar .
In joinery , a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain .
The manufacturing of machinery and textiles and livestock export are other economically significant activities .
The cities of Norsuntepe , Emar and Carchemish were destroyed , Assyria lost northwestern cities to Mushki , which were reconquered by Tiglath-Pileser I after his ascension to kingship .
After the American Civil War , only a few of the Sepasco were left ; the last Sepasco died in a hut near Welch 's Cave and Lake Sepasco and was reported in the local newspaper in 1867 .
By watching a partner masturbate , one finds out the methods they use to please him - or herself , allowing each partner to learn exactly how the other enjoys being touched .
The Sounds won the PCL Championship in 2005 , sweeping the Tacoma Rainiers in three games in the final series .
The actual site of Kaika 's grave is not known .
One player has dark pieces , and the other has light pieces .
The Guam Public School System serves the entire island of Guam .
In probability theory and statistics , a median is described as the numeric value separating the higher half of a sample , a population , or a probability distribution , from the lower half .
Considered by many to be the greatest science fiction novel of all time , Dune is frequently cited as the best-selling science fiction novel in history .
A plum or gage is a stone fruit tree in the genus Prunus , subgenus Prunus .
By Topic Religion John Chrysostom is deposed again , and Archbishop Atticus of Constantinople becomes Archbishop of Constantinople .
As an exogenous tree grows , it creates growth rings as new wood is laid down concentrically over the old wood .
Based on this , in 1828 he compiled a table of relative atomic weights , where oxygen was set to 100 , and which included all of the elements known at the time .
It features segments from the latest episode of WWE Raw with a ticker along the bottom section of the screen that provides information about WWE , including trivia and live event news .
The council of priests of Isis and Osiris , headed by Sarastro , enters to the sound of a solemn march .
At 5:00 pm EDT ( 2100 UTC ) the NHC issued their final advisory on Tropical Depression One .
He currently plays with Girona FC .
Boys ( Swedish band ) , a rock band .
Niceville is located at .
Ophiuroidea contains two large clades , Ophiurida ( brittle stars ) and Euryalida ( basket stars ) .
For instance , Wikipedia articles have been referenced in '' enhanced perspectives '' provided on-line in the journal Science .
Equipment used in broomball
Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a lentivirus ( a member of the retrovirus family ) that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) , a condition in humans in which the immune system begins to fail , leading to life-threatening opportunistic infections .
It is one of the few territories in mainland Africa where Spanish is an official language , besides the Spanish exclaves of Ceuta and Melilla .
July 18 & ndash ; Tokhtamysh-Timur War : Battle of the Kondurcha River & ndash ; Timur defeats Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde in present day southeast Russia .
Oceanside , California , United States '' Chris Thile : Covering the Bases '' .
All are international programs , with English language as a medium of instruction .
The berries are small and round , usually less than 5 mm in diameter , and contain 10 relatively large seeds .
Mark Guishard , a meteorologist with Bermuda Weather Service , was of the opinion that the system had completed tropical cyclogenesis and was a tropical cyclone .
DiBiase made his WWE television debut as a villain on May 26 , 2008 , where he cut a promo about his intent to become a champion like his father , Ted DiBiase , Sr. , challenging the World Tag Team Champions , Cody Rhodes and Hardcore Holly .
The city was founded in 1723 by Vasily Tatischev and Georg Wilhelm de Gennin and named after Saint Catherine , the namesake of Tsar Peter the Great 's wife Empress Catherine I ( Yekaterina ) .
Fellows use the designation FLS after their names .
Kahlan tells him of the events taking place on the other side of the boundary .
Some myrmecophiles , however , feed on the stored food supplies of ants , and a few are predatory on ant eggs , larvae , or pupae .
Bede ( pronounced '' Bead '' \/O/ ; ; 672 \/O/ 673 -- 26 May 735 ) , also referred to as Saint Bede or the Venerable Bede ( ) , was a monk at the Northumbrian monastery of Saint Peter at Monkwearmouth , today part of Sunderland , England , and of its companion monastery , Saint Paul 's , in modern Jarrow ( see Wearmouth-Jarrow ) , both in the Kingdom of Northumbria .
Christian , an adherent of Christianity
The St Edward Brotherhood of monks was organized there , as well .
It was officially created ( with part of the province of Milan ) on May 12 , 2004 , but became effective with the elections of 6\/7 June 2009 .
The 1999 East Timorese crisis began with attacks by anti-independence militants on civilians , and expanded to general violence throughout the country , centred in the capital Dili .
Born in London and descended from an old Norfolk family , Gresham was one of two sons and two daughters of Sir Richard Gresham , a leading London merchant , who for some time held the office of Lord Mayor , and who for his services as agent of Henry VIII in negotiating loans with foreign merchants received the honor of knighthood .
Billy Crystal ( born March 14 , 1947 is a Golden Globe Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American actor , writer , producer , comedian and film director .
History Codeine is an alkaloid found in opium and other poppy saps like Papaver bracteatum , the Iranian poppy , in concentrations ranging from 0.3 to 3.0 percent .
They preferred the Protestant Frederick V , elector of the Palatinate ( successor of Frederick IV , the creator of the League of Evangelical Union ) .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
Type or arity , the number of operands a function takes
The pan weighs over 1,000 pounds .
It was one of the most successful and critically acclaimed films of Hitchcock 's British period .
In - is also a prefix that can mean the opposite of ' , like with transparent ' , intransparent .
Pollyanna is a best-selling 1913 novel by Eleanor H. Porter that is now considered a classic of children 's literature , with the title character 's name becoming a popular term for someone with the same optimistic outlook .
Stiliyan Alyoshev Petrov ( sometimes transliterated ` Stilian ' ) ( born 5 July 1979 in Montana , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian footballer who captains Aston Villa in the Premier League and the Bulgarian national team .
The boy trudged the remaining seven miles back to school .
If in doubt as to whether there is consensus to delete a page , administrators will normally not delete it .
and Mark Walden ) .
The sea is technically a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water .
The Elephantidae family contains three living species ( the African Bush Elephant , African Forest Elephant , and Asian Elephant ) and the now extinct Mammoth species .
These five common potentials are all energy potentials , but there are also entropy potentials . The thermodynamic square can be used as a tool to recall and derive some of the potentials .
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
Zuko is the masked vigilante , and Zhao realizes this . He arranges to kill the prince .
The replacement can happen in two ways
Rich Creek is a town in Giles County , Virginia , United States .
Phosphorus ( ) is the chemical element that has the symbol P and atomic number 15 .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to three years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
The San Diego Zoo Safari Park , also known as the San Diego Wild Animal Park until the name change process is complete , is a zoo in the San Pasqual Valley area of San Diego , California , near Escondido .
An alternative name for measles in English-speaking countries is rubeola , which is sometimes confused with rubella ( German measles ) ; the diseases are unrelated.Merriam-webster : Rubeola .
The Plym Valley Railway is part of the closed South Devon and Tavistock Railway near Plymouth , a branch line of the Great Western Railway in Devon .
He is the namesake for Disneyland and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the United States , as well as the international resorts Tokyo Disney , Disneyland Paris , and Disneyland Hong Kong .
He also is the host of a conservative talk radio podcast called Howling Mad Radio , which took a short hiatus until March 2009 .
April 9 & ndash ; Following the death of Pope Gregory XI and riots in Rome calling for a Roman pope , the cardinals , who are mostly French , elect Pope Urban VI ( Bartolomeo Prignano , Archbishop of Bari ) as the 202nd Pope .
The brand began as a service creating Wikipedia articles for paying corporations ; the founder and owner of MyWikiBiz , Gregory Kohs , was soon blocked from Wikipedia .
Webster 's Third New International Dictionary of the English Language Unabridged .
Conthey ( , ) is an administrative district in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
In low concentrations , it has public health uses .
A second feature are the wadis , which range from seasonal watercourses that flood only occasionally during the wet season to large wadis that flood for most of the rains and flow from western Darfur hundreds of miles west to Lake Chad .
It is also known as Circassian .
Hesiod 's writings serve as a major source on Greek mythology , farming techniques , early economic thought ( he is sometimes identified as the first economist ) Rothbard , Murray N. , Economic Thought Before Adam Smith : Austrian Perspective on the History of Economic Thought , Vol .
They lay their eggs on various milkweeds on which their larvae ( caterpillars ) feed .
When ignited , preheated thermite can burn almost instantaneously , releasing light and heat energy at a much higher rate than normal and causing burns and eye damage at what would normally be a reasonably safe distance .
The tree species Aesculus glabra is commonly known as Ohio buckeye , American buckeye , or fetid buckeye .
The river is formed by the confluence , near Colditz , of the Zwickauer Mulde ( running through Zwickau ) and the Freiberger Mulde ( with Freiberg on its banks ) , both rising from the Ore Mountains .
The new system was a major modernisation , which reflected the increasing range of functions carried out by local government in late Victorian Britain .
November 11 -- King Alfonso VIII of Castile ( d. 1214 )
The Twenty-third United States Census , known as Census 2010 or the 2010 Census , is the current national census of the United States .
Oceanside , California , United States '' Chris Thile : Covering the Bases '' .
While originally consisting of six members , the current group members are Masahiro Nakai , Takuya Kimura , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , Goro Inagaki and Shingo Katori .
In 1996 , he starred in the disaster film Daylight which was not very successful in the US but still grossed $ 126 million overseas .
Facebook allows anyone who declares themselves to be at least 13 years old to become a registered user of the website .
The second novel , based on the 2nd original video animation of the anime , was published on December 15 , 2003 in Japan and October 16 , 2007 in the United States .
He has been the Member of Parliament for Blackburn since 1979 .
At sixteen he became the youngest ever British Grandmaster , gaining the three results required ( '' grandmaster norms '' ) in tournaments in Germany , Iceland and the Politiken Cup in Copenhagen , Denmark .
According to Galen , Ptolemy III requested permission from the Athenians to borrow the original scripts of Aeschylus , Sophocles and Euripides , for which the Athenians demanded the enormous amount of fifteen talents ( 450 kg of a precious metal ) as guarantee .
Upon their return to England in 1942 , they performed Britten 's Seven Sonnets of Michelangelo together at Wigmore Hall on 23 SeptemberOliver , Michael ( 1996 ) Benjamin Britten , Phaidon , p. 96 , and then recorded them for EMI , their first recording together .
Credited to Lennon\/McCartney , the song comprises distinct segments written independently by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , with orchestral additions .
It was a large-bellied herbivore characterized by a long neck .
Founded in 1776 , it claims to be the oldest continuously-operated inn located in the United States .
At age eight , Chris ' family and the Watkins family formed Nickel Creek .
He has achieved a rating exceeded only by Garry Kasparov .
Villy-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nicknamed ` Pup ' , he is a right-handed batsman , highly-regarded fielder and occasional left-arm orthodox spin bowler .
Flora was educated at the parish school in Cottisford .
Young played his final major league game for the Expos on July 18 , 1993 ; on February 18 , 1994 , he was purchased along with Matt Stairs by the Boston Red Sox organization , but his career ended that season after not reaching the major league club .
Richland is a city in Benton County in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Washington , at the confluence of the Yakima and the Columbia Rivers .
Nippur was situated on both sides of the Shatt-en-Nil canal , one of the earliest courses of the Euphrates , between the present bed of that river and the Tigris , almost 160 km southeast of Baghdad .
This color is named for the pale color of the peach fruit .
Canton , Texas
On December 10 , 2009 , the organisers of the event announced that they were on schedule , with a plan to finish the circuit on July 5 , 2010 , though they admitted that their largest problem lay in finding accommodation for all Formula One staff and spectators .
Collections development librarians monitor the selection of books and electronic resources .
In 1885 , the site of Brockville Park in Falkirk was leased , and there the club remained until the last day of the 2002 - 03 season .
It introduced a statistical control system to be supervised by a Permanent Central Opium Board , a body of the League of Nations .
For several centuries , it has linked the eastern and western regions of the Indian subcontinent , running from Bangladesh , across north India , into Peshawar in Pakistan up to Kabul , Afghanistan .
Percy and his friends go on a quest to prevent an apocalyptic war between the Greek gods Zeus , Poseidon and Hades .
Tresses is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In the United States , the band won the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2007 ceremony for their song '' Woman '' .
Tropical Depression Ten dissipated on August 6 southeast of Labrador .
Under the agreement , structures were created reflecting the Irish and British identities of the people of Ireland , with a British-Irish Council and a Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly created .
The appellation Driekoningen ( the Three Kings ) is also often found in 17th - and 18th-century Dutch star charts and seaman 's guides .
Dolly Rebecca Parton ( born January 19 , 1946 ) is an American singer-songwriter , author , multi-instrumentalist , actress and philanthropist , best-known for her work in country music .
In the Orange Islands series , he leaves the team to join Professor Felina Ivy , but mysteriously returns to Pallet Town when Ash wins the Orange League Championship .
Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert bought Osborne House on the Isle of Wight in October 1845 .
Agnita .
In 1974 , the districts were reorganized , the biggest change however was the change of the capital and thus the name to Neunkirchen .
Before the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct , the river was the primary source of fresh water for the city .
Many new Wikipedia users want to jump right in and get involved with as many aspects of Wikipedia as possible .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
Because the glands are branched , and because the tubules forming the branches contain secretory cells , submandibular glands are classified as branched tubuloacinar glands . Further , because the secretory cells are of both serous and mucous types , the submandibular gland is a mixed gland , though it is mostly serous .
Legacy Strauss shaped post-war Germany and polarized the public like few others .
The Street Crime Unit was formed in 1971 and enjoyed decades of success in apprehending armed felons from NYC streets .
Thornton ( together with its neighbouring village of Cleveleys , known as Thornton-Cleveleys ) is a village in the Fylde , in Lancashire , England , about four miles north of Blackpool and two miles south of Fleetwood .
The introduction of cookies was not widely known to the public at the time . In particular , cookies were accepted by default , and users were not notified of the presence of cookies .
The Dominican Republic 's first Constitution was adopted on November 6 , 1844 , and was modeled after the United States Constitution .
It also appeared as a hidden track on international editions , and on the deluxe edition of Knowles ' second solo studio album , B ` Day .
Later on , according to Ramayana 1.5.6 , the Sarayu flowed beside the ancient city of Ayodhya , which is in the modern day Uttar Pradesh .
The irregular bones are bones which , from their peculiar form , can not be grouped as long bone , short bone , flat bone or sesamoid bone .
Lieutenant Colonel John Alexander McCrae ( November 30 , 1872 -- January 28 , 1918 ) was a Canadian poet , physician , author , artist and soldier during World War I and a surgeon during the Second Battle of Ypres . He is best known for writing the famous war memorial poem '' In Flanders Fields '' .
British Rail Class ES1 ( Electric Shunting 1 ) was a class of two electric locomotives commissioned by the North Eastern Railway in 1902 .
Alexandra and Alexei sat in chairs provided by guards at the empress ' request .
An anecdote about Wright , disclaimed by Wright himself , describes a lecture during which Wright tucked an unruly guinea pig under his armpit , where he usually held a chalkboard eraser : according to the anecdote , at the conclusion of the lecture , Wright absent-mindedly began to erase the blackboard using the guinea pig .
All songs written by Thom Yorke , Jonny Greenwood , Ed O'Brien , Colin Greenwood , and Phil Selway .
The village is located approximately 1 Kilometre from Pont-Farcy along the D307 Road .
The Fountain of Youth is a legendary spring that reputedly restores the youth of anyone who drinks of its waters .
Audenge is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
According to Gackt 's autobiography , he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks ; at age of seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa .
Central Park , which opened to the public in 1858 , became the first landscaped park in an American city and the nation 's first public park .
is a series of science fiction novels first published in December 2004 , published by Newmarket Press written by Tedd Anasti , Patsy Cameron-Anasti and Stephen D. Sullivan ( books 2-3 ) .
However , probate papers from St. Croix in 1768 after the death of Hamilton 's mother list him as 13 years old , From St. Croix records .
The expiration date of pharmaceuticals specifies the date the manufacturer guarantees the full potency and safety of a drug . Most medications are potent and safe after the expiration date .
and the total number of Turkic speakers is over 200 million , including speakers of a second language .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore GP Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Despite initial predictions of Chris intensifying to a hurricane as a ridge of high pressure forced it west-northwestward , upper level shear dissipated the well-defined inner core of the storm , and Chris started to weaken .
Louvagny is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Liuzzi ( who had previously shared the second drive role with Klien ) moved to new Red Bull owned team Toro Rosso , while Robert Doornbos became a test driver for the team .
In return for Hohenzollern assistance in the War of the Spanish Succession and support for the Habsburg candidate in the subsequent election , Emperor Leopold I allowed Frederick to crown himself '' King in Prussia '' , not '' King of Prussia '' ; Frederick was only an elector in his domains within the borders of the Empire , not a king ; he was only king in his former Duchy .
Professor Husserl was denied the use of the library at Freiburg as a result of the anti-Jewish legislation the Nazis passed in April 1933 .
Despite being nearly blind from an early age , he achieved great success .
Freak needs braces to walk .
Zuko 's tracker , June , is unable to locate Aang , but he is reunited with his uncle , Iroh , who reconcile with each other after Zuko 's betrayal in Ba Sing Se .
At around that time , the sea level was lower than it is today .
In 1946 , Szell was asked to become the Music Director of the Cleveland Orchestra .
Located in the Ruhr industrial area , Bottrop adjoins Essen , Oberhausen , Gladbeck and Dorsten .
It then receives the Arroyo Seco , another major tributary , from the left .
In acid conditions , hydrogen selenide , H2Se , is formed .
Manitoba , Ontario , and Quebec allow for both English and French to be spoken in the provincial legislatures , and laws are enacted in both languages .
The article also states that since its origin , 64,000 Bibles , 85,000 Testaments and 29,000,000 religious books had been issued and distributed .
Academic achievements All Form 1 newcomers from the own district are Band 1 students .
Victoria Principal ( born January 3 , 1950 ) is an American actress , best known for her role as Pamela Barnes Ewing on the CBS nighttime drama Dallas from 1978 to 1987 .
The spine of the Cotswolds runs south west to north east through six counties , particularly Gloucestershire , west Oxfordshire , and south western Warwickshire .
Subsequently he sat for Maryborough until 1800 .
See his entry at Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians , 5th ed , 1954 , vol .
The peanuts , or groundnut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , is a species in the legume '' bean '' family ( Fabaceae ) .
Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson ( born 18 July 1950 ) is a British entrepreneur , best known for his Virgin Group of over 400 companies .
Historically , the name Blattaria has been used largely interchangeably with the name Blattodea , though in most recent treatments , the latter name refers to a larger grouping that includes numerous fossil groups that were related to roaches , but not true cockroaches themselves .
After the Romanian Revolution of 1989 , the Senate was housed in '' Palatul Senatului '' , located in Revolution Square .
KSpread is a free software spreadsheet application that is part of KOffice , an integrated office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment .
Despite the '' .44 '' designation , all guns chambered for the .44 Magnum case , and its parent case , the .44 Special , use bullets of approximately 0.429 in .
The seventh match was a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry .
Release and reception '' Baby Boy '' was released as the second single from the album Dangerously in Love .
In 1985 , S. Boyd Eaton and Melvin Konner , both of Emory University , published a key paper on Paleolithic nutrition in the New England Journal of Medicine , which allowed the dietary concept to gain mainstream medical recognition .
Archeological traces have been found of various cultures during the Stone and Bronze Age , Veneti and Germanic peoples during the Iron Age and , in the Middle Ages , Slavic tribes and Vikings .
Clothing in ancient Rome generally consisted of the toga , the tunic , the stola , brooches for these , and breeches .
In 2000 , he became the only player to win both the All-Star Game MVP Award and the World Series MVP Award in the same year .
As a result , the designers decided to introduce the Goomba as a basic enemy .
The municipality borders the Dutch municipalities of Meerssen to the north , Margraten in the east , Eijsden in the south whilst it borders the Belgian municipalities of Lanaken and Riemst in respectively the west and southwest .
Agnes was the daughter of a prominent brass worker ( and amateur harpist ) in the city .
William ( Bill ) Moggridge , a industrial and interaction designer , is co-founder of the Silicon Valley-based design firm IDEO and the current director of the Smithsonian Institution 's Cooper-Hewitt , National Design Museum in New York .
Poland began to form into a recognizable unitary and territorial entity around the middle of the 10th century under the Piast dynasty .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award under the category of Best Motion Picture : Musical or Comedy , but lost to Dreamgirls .
The International Monetary Fund , a related institution , is the second .
Africa The Almohad dynasty of caliphs ( not universally accepted ) , that once ruled most of North Africa and Al-Andalus ( Moorish Spain ) , is extinguished when Idris II is murdered in the dynasty 's last remaining possession , Marrakesh .
Palak is the gateway of District Abbottabad because a gali Barian is a border of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab and Union Council Palak is started from Barian .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 126,697 people , 47,224 households , and 33,623 families residing in the county .
However , chances became limited thereafter and as the season came to a close he netted only once more , against Brechin City in the Scottish Cup . Miller had made a total of 38 appearances and scored 11 goals for Rangers .
Following the buy , Golden Wonder have re-established another line of pot noodles called ` The Nation 's Noodles ' alongside those by Unilever .
Christian Klien ( born 7 February 1983 ) is an Austrian former Formula One racing driver .
The game was released on November 12 , 2009 in Australia , November 15 , 2009 in North America , November 20 , 2009 in Europe and December 3 , 2009 in Japan .
Pasteurella pestis , the organism was renamed in 1967 .
Note 2 : it is also quite possible on the English Wikipedia that the transliterated versions may match some equivalent common Slavic surnames of Ukrainians , Belorusians , Bulgarians , and others .
The McMahon Line is a line agreed to by British India and Tibet as part of Simla Accord , a treaty signed in 1914 .
The actual term was first used by Horst Feistel ( Feistel 1973 ) , although the concept dates back to at least Shannon 's diffusion .
Crosswords DS ( also known as CrossworDS ) is a puzzle video game by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
At Kansas City , it turns generally eastward , flowing across Missouri where it joins the Mississippi just north of St. Louis .
Earthquake Bakot was affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake , as the epicentre was in nearby Kashmir .
History The district was created in 1994 when the two districts Dippoldiswalde and Freital were merged .
The Skagerrak is a strait running between Norway and the southwest coast of Sweden and the Jutland peninsula of Denmark , connecting the North Sea and the Kattegat sea area , which leads to the Baltic Sea .
The fluke style uses a stock at the crown to which two large flat surfaces are attached .
Brumby was later replaced as Labor leader in March 1999 , agreeing to resign in favor of Steve Bracks .
Croix-en-Ternois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The color designated as the web color lavender is a very pale tint of lavender that in other ( artistic ) contexts may be described as lavender mist .
The car , designed by Robin Herd , used an original 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth ( different from the Ferguson used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s ) and powered by a magnesium version of the DFV unit .
Blood plasma may sometimes be green if there are large amounts of neutrophils in the sample , due to the heme-containing enzyme myeloperoxidase that they produce .
Southampton Island is a large island at the entrance to Hudson Bay at Foxe Basin .
Marcel Marceau ( 22 March 1923 - 22 September 2007 ) was an internationally acclaimed French actor and mime most famous for his persona as Bip the Clown . Marcel Marceau ( Marcel Mangel ) was born in Strasbourg , France , to Ann Werzberg and Charles Mangel .
Levenshulme is an urban area of the City of Manchester , in North West England . It borders Longsight , Gorton , Burnage , Heaton Chapel and Reddish , and is approximately 4 m from Manchester City Centre on the A6 road .
Taillecavat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
If the bottle is returned , the fee is returned , and the supplier must return the bottle for re-use or recycling .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay .
Following then-leader Hitomi Yoshizawa 's graduation from Morning Musume on May 6 , 2007 , the current sub-leader , Miki Fujimoto ascended to the leader position , with Takahashi becoming the new sub-leader of the group .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1952/1953 season .
Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
Saints ( 1983 ) is a historical fiction novel by Orson Scott Card .
The 1999 East Timorese crisis began with attacks by anti-independence militants on civilians , and expanded to general violence throughout the country , centred in the capital Dili .
Personal unions can arise for very different reasons , ranging from near coincidence ( a princess who is already married to a king becomes queen regnant , and their child inherits the crown of both countries ) to virtual annexation ( where a personal union sometimes was seen as a means of preventing uprisings ) .
For example , the white notes of a keyboard if played from any C continuing up an octave to the next C produce a C major scale .
Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ginny was unusual as it is one of the latest hurricanes on record to make landfall near New England , and was reported to have produced 18 in ( 457.2 mm ) of snow over Maine .
Answers.com and both genders grow antlers , though these are larger in the males and there are a few populations where females lack them completely .
Burundi has the University of Burundi .
In recognition of his dedicated and faithful service he was brevetted by the Continental Congress to the rank of Brigadier General in 1783 , and became a naturalized citizen of the United States that same year .
From 1826 to 1918 , Coburg was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Due to the low ambient pressures , these eruptions consist of vapor without liquid ; they are made more easily visible by particles of dust and ice carried aloft by the gas .
A French steamship , the Louisiane , went ashore with 600 passengers ; all people aboard the vessel were rescued by the Foreward , a Revenue cutter .
The album The Father of Delta Blues - The Complete 1965 Sessions was the result .
He continued to make the message better .
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
Speed of sound is the distance traveled per a unit of time by a sound wave propagating through an elastic medium .
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1870 , serving from 1871 to 1879 .
Around 1880 Sultan Abdul Hamid II reasserted the title as a way of countering Russian expansion into Muslim lands .
Dr John Milford Rutter CBE ( born ) is a British composer , conductor , editor , arranger and record producer , mainly of choral music .
Colonial Delaware The Dutch were the first Europeans to settle in present-day Delaware by establishing a trading post at Zwaanendael , near the site of Lewes in 1631 .
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat .
Founded as the Georgia School of Technology , Georgia Tech assumed its present name in 1948 to reflect a growing focus on advanced technological and scientific research . Unlike most similarly named universities ( such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the California Institute of Technology ) , the Georgia Institute of Technology is a public institution .
A cotton gin ( short for cotton engine ) is a machine that quickly and easily separates the cotton fibers from the seeds , a job formerly performed by hand .
Massoud Barzani ( ; ; born 16 August 1946 ) is the current President of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and the leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party .
Naomi Shindou , Japanese seiyuu
Northboro is a city in Page County , Iowa , United States .
On October 5 , an operationally unnamed subtropical storm which had gone unnoticed by the NHC was absorbed by a non-tropical frontal low , which was moving to the southeast over the Azores .
In the county the population was spread out with 26.10 % under the age of 18 , 7.70 % from 18 to 24 , 26.40 % from 25 to 44 , 23.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.00 % who were 65 years of age or older .
Nonetheless , Henry was named both the PFA Players ' Player of the Year and Football Writers ' Association Footballer of the Year .
Common sense must be applied where it most pertains , and in particular it must be remembered that anyone can pass themselves off as anyone on the Internet .
Homelessness has also become a problem in the cities of China , Thailand , Indonesia , and the Philippines despite their growing prosperity , mainly due to migrant workers who have trouble finding permanent homes and to rising income inequality between social classes .
Johannes Franciscus '' Hans '' van Breukelen ( born October 4 , 1956 in Utrecht ) is a former footballer from the Netherlands .
Union Station Massacre : in Kansas City , Missouri , four FBI agents and captured fugitive Frank Nash are gunned down by gangsters attempting to free Nash .
Lake Garda ( Italian : Lago di Garda or Benaco ) is the largest lake in Italy .
Unique retractile sensory filaments justify the Vampire Squid 's placement in its own order : Vampyromorphida ( formerly Vampyromorpha ) , though it shares similarities with both squid and octopuses .
Due to demand another 1000 copies were made and sold out .
The two main oxidation states of thallium are +1 and +3 .
In the Disney films his species was changed to the white-tailed deer , which would be more familiar to American audiences .
It has a maximum effective range of around 250 meters .
Tiktaalik with limb-like fins that could take it onto land ;
Tampa International Airport is a major public airport located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) west of the central business district of Tampa , in Hillsborough County , Florida , United States .
The ship was built to stay afloat with two compartments filled with water . Her Finnish-Swedish ice class was IC .
He appeared regularly at Salzburg and , from 1953 , Bayreuth , where he made his debut conducting Tristan und Isolde .
Iowa City is a city in Johnson County , State of Iowa .
Robuchon , 17
Montréal-la-Cluse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Bertrand Arthur William Russell , 3rd Earl Russell , OM , FRS ( 18 May 1872 -- 2 February 1970 ) , commonly known as simply Bertrand Russell , was a British philosopher , logician , mathematician , historian , religious skeptic , social reformer , socialist and pacifist .
Cardinal , generally regarded as a darker shade of red , is a common primary color .
Simpleton ( reggae artist ) , 1990s Jamaican reggae artist
In the Udden-Wentworth scale ( due to Krumbein ) , silt particles range between and mm ( 3.9 to 62.5 m ) , larger than clay but smaller than a sand .
A Van is a road vehicle used for transporting goods or groups of people .
He was a fan of The Beatles , BBC News MUSIC The musical misfits The Who , David Bowie and Iggy and The Stooges among other bands ( particularly oldies and the Phil Spector-produced '' girl groups '' ) .
The slide rule is used primarily for multiplication and division , and also for '' scientific '' functions such as roots , logarithms and trigonometry , but is not normally used for addition or subtraction .
'' rock pictures '' , Man No. 119 .
March 31 -- The Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository is scheduled to begin accepting nuclear waste.ReviewJournal.com Article on the Yucca Mountain Project
Shortly after the death of Sophie Charlotte , the settlement facing the palace was called Charlottenburg - the palace itself Schloss Charlottenburg - and chartered as a town on April 5 , 1705 .
_ Smoot
Some of the confessions still commonly in use are ( with year of writing ) :
Absinthe traditionally has a natural green color but can also be colorless .
It was the only large settlement in the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast with a predominantly non-Armenian populationAzerbaijani SSR : Excerpt from Soviet 1989 Census .
Sarah ( Skye Bennett ) is an autistic little girl who is currently living at ` St. Mary 's Hospital ' .
In 1975 , she again played the legendary Willie Mosconi on CBS ' '' Challenge of the Sexes '' in both eight-ball and nine-ball competition .
Robert Arthur Allison ( born December 3 , 1937 ) is a former NASCAR Winston Cup driver and was named one of NASCAR 's 50 greatest drivers .
The head of the match consisted of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
Von Moers also participated in the individual dressage event with his horse New Bank .
The series was created by Buffy 's creator , Joss Whedon in collaboration with David Greenwalt , and first aired on October 5 , 1999 .
At age 17 , upon moving to Paris , he took private organ lessons with Charles Tournemire , whom he assisted at Basilique Ste-Clotilde , Paris until 1927 .
It is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
It has an excellent prognosis , with 90 % of patients surviving more than five years after being diagnosed .
The spines , long and sharp in some species , protect the urchin from predators .
He won the European Cup Winners ' Cup with Hamburger SV in 1977 , was runner-up with them in the European Cup in 1980 after winning the Bundesliga title the season before .
Large navigable aqueducts are used as transport links for boats or ships .
France United Kingdom
The Clay Mathematics Institute has called this one of the seven most important open problems in mathematics and has offered a US$ 1,000,000 prize for a solution or a counter-example .
Middle years After passing the baccalaureate exams in mathematics and philosophy , she studied mathematics at the Institut Catholique and literature/languages at the Institut Sainte-Marie , then philosophy at the Sorbonne .
As the architectures are different between Xbox and Xbox 360 , software emulation is the only way to have compatibility without including hardware from the original Xbox . According to Microsoft the Xbox 360 's life span will last until 2015 , more than doubling the life span of the original Xbox .
It was planted in 1945 .
It has a composition similar to 1 Ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space-weathered with the composition of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
Albinism ( from Latin albus , '' white '' ; see , also called achromia , achromasia , or achromatosis ) is a congenital disorder characterized by the complete or partial absence of pigment in the skin , hair and eyes due to absence or defect of an enzyme involved in the production of melanin .
The Nokia 1011 did not yet employ Nokia 's characteristic ringtone , the Nokia tune .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
Food waste is '' any food substance , raw or cooked , which is discarded , or intended or required to be discarded '' , according to the legal definition of waste by the EU Commission .
Law and government Cabarrus County is a member of the regional Centralina Council of Governments .
Gnosca is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He served as Minister of Finance from 1993 to 2002 .
Males are usually larger than females and have longer tails .
The capital of the province is the city of Groningen .
Japanese poet Saikaku composes 23,500 verses in 24 hours at the Sumiyoshi Shrine at Osaka ; the scribes can not keep pace with his dictation and just count the verses .
This line opened on March 30 , 1954 and was long .
Kaya is the eighth largest city in Burkina Faso , lying north east of Ouagadougou , to which it is connected by railway .
The stadium plays host to the home matches of Scottish Premier League team Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
As of 2005 , the Cook Islands have diplomatic relations in their own name with eighteen countries .
Quechuas is the collective term for several ethnic groups in South America who speak a Quechua language ( Southern Quechua mainly ) , belonging to several ethnic groups in South America , especially in Peru , Ecuador , Bolivia , Chile and Argentina .
Further data has been contributed by Wild , A. L. in 2007 , .
There are over 226,275 people buried at Mount Carmel , and about 800 people are interred annually at Mount Carmel .
Finally , she took it upon herself to hand-paint a white stripe down the middle of the road , thus establishing the actual width of the lane to prevent similar accidents .
Much of the range is included in Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park and Preserve .
I. June 5 - 8 : A hurricane brushed the Florida Keys , causing the loss of 5 ships .
The Archetype uses an alien communicator Sarah Jane had been given , realizing that the signal would be strong enough to kill the Bane Mother , and Sarah Jane , Maria , and the Archetype escape as the factory explodes .
The even-toed ungulates ( Artiodactyla ) are ungulates ( hoofed animals ) whose weight is borne about equally by the third and fourth toes , rather than mostly or entirely by the third as in odd-toed ungulates ( perissodactyls ) , e.g. horses .
An interpretation of the phrase '' survival of the fittest '' to mean '' only the fittest organisms will prevail '' ( a view sometimes derided as '' Social Darwinism '' ) is not consistent with the actual theory of evolution .
Joseph Chamberlain ( 8 July 1836 & ndash ; 2 July 1914 ) was an influential British businessman , politician , and statesman .
Over their four decade career , Heart has had chart success with a variety of musical styles , ranging from hard rock and metal ( Barracuda , If Looks Could Kill , Black on Black II ) , to folk rock ( Dreamboat Annie , Dog and Butterfly ) , to power ballads ( Alone , These Dreams , What About Love ) .
Sicily ( Italian and Sicilian : Sicilia , ) is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea , comprising an autonomous region of Italy .
He performed the solo part on John Corigliano 's Oscar-winning soundtrack for the film The Red Violin and was also featured in Ladies in Lavender .
The city is found in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area in the U.S. State of California .
During this time her agent approached her with the pilot script for the television show Will & Grace .
With the expansion of the NHL in 1967 , and the creation of the Western Division , the Wales Trophy was given to the team that finished in first place in the Eastern Division , during the regular season .
In total he made 228 first-team appearances for Arsenal , scoring 9 goals .
In a moist environment , plutonium forms hydrides on its surface , which are pyrophoric and may ignite in air at room temperature . Plutonium expands up to 70 % in volume as it oxidizes and thus may break its container .
Saint-Hippolyte is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Daily Mail and General Trust ( DMGT ) had come up with some tough targets for the paper to produce .
He was from 1969 to 1976 an Prime Minister of the country Rhineland-Palatinate and from 1982 to 1998 Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany .
The future Downtown Line will interchange with the Circle Line at Bayfront , Promenade , Botanic Gardens and MacPherson stations .
It tracked east-southeastward and organized , and on April 21 it transitioned into a tropical cyclone with peak winds of 60 mph ( 95 km/h ) .
Ceuta ( ) is a Spanish autonomous city located along Mediterranean coast of North Africa across from the Strait of Gibraltar , which separates it from the Iberian peninsula .
