The animal adjusts its buoyancy by osmotically pumping gas and fluid into or out of the camerae along the siphuncles .
March 16 & ndash ; An article by Joseph Lister , outlining the discovery of antiseptic surgery , is first published in The Lancet .
Midgley was born in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania , to a father who was also an inventor .
Clerval accompanies Frankenstein , but they separate in Scotland .
The video was shot in the Los Angeles International Airport and at the Los Angeles Department of Transportation , and was directed by John Hillcoat .
This expansion came to the attention of the Arsacid Great King , Artabanus IV , who ordered his vassal , the ruler of Khuzestan , to confront Ardashir .
Discovery Online , The Skinny On ... Tongue RollingOmim - Tongue Curling , Folding , Or Rolling Some people are able to generate a high pitched sound by blowing air through their rolled tongue .
She wrote several books and published articles in the The Ladies ' Home Journal .
Similar to the 1980s professional wrestling boom , the Attitude Era was a surge in the popularity of professional wrestling in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s , as television ratings and pay-per-view buy-rates hit record highs .
After two years of study he attained the bar in Philadelphia , and , in the following year ( 1767 ) , set up his own practice in Reading , Pennsylvania .
Montignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Since 1989 , Chicago has been under the leadership of Richard M. Daley , the son of Richard J. Daley .
One of the most famous pieces in this key is Chopin 's Fantaisie-Impromptu .
On top of the funnel-shaped part there is a cylinder with a perforated plate separating it from the funnel .
May earned a PhD in astrophysics from Imperial College in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
'' Ernst Mayr '' redirects here ; it is not to be confused with Ernst Meyer or Ernest May .
March 26 & ndash ; John Winthrop First Governor of Massachusetts Bay Colony ( b. c. 1587 )
New Zealand is an island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses ( the North Island and the South Island ) , and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island\/Rakiura and the Chatham Islands .
The show follows the adventures of Yvon as he attempts to adjust to life in the Yukon whilst the residents of the town of Upyer Mukluk do the same .
Hurricane Hazel was the deadliest and most costly hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season and one of the deadliest and costliest storms of the 20th century .
They consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the Soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-Christian .
The champion played the red cards on top , while the challenger played the blue cards on the bottom .
In the early summer of 2006 he produced Hats Off to the Buskers , the debut album of Dundee band The View , released 22 January 2007 through Columbia Records 1965 Records label and reaching number 1 in the UK Albums Chart .
Paving the Way for ESL - extended shelf-life milk products Dairy Foods Find Articles at BNET.com Milk simply labeled '' pasteurised '' is usually treated with the HTST method , whereas milk labeled '' ultra-pasteurised '' or simply '' UHT '' has been treated with the UHT method .
Gray 's Anatomy is an English-language human anatomy textbook originally written by Henry Gray .
The nickname of '' gentle shepherd '' was given him because he bored the House by asking over and over again , during the debate on the Cider Bill of 1763 , that somebody should tell him '' where '' to lay the new tax if it was not to be put on cider .
Founded and ruled by a noble Viking warrior class and their descendants , the first East Slavic state , Kievan Rus ' , arose in the 9th century and adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire in 988 , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
In a strict sense , the possessive pronouns are only those that act syntactically as nouns .
When a tropical cyclone makes landfall , the eye closes in upon itself due to the weakening process , which causes surf to decrease .
Julia Mary Fownes Somerville ( born 14 July 1947 , Somerset ) is a British television news anchor and reporter , who has worked for the BBC and ITN .
Morristown is a town in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviors that are preserved in the material record , such as the Maglemosian and Azilian cultures .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
Amy Diamond ( born Amy Linnéa Deasismont on April 15 , 1992 ) is a Swedish/English pop singer .
Altmarkkreis Salzwedel is a district in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
While alpha decay was seen only in heavier elements ( atomic number 52 , tellurium , and greater ) , the other two types of decay were seen in all of the elements .
The kora is a 21-string harp-lute used extensively by peoples in West Africa .
An extended hookup sometimes refers to prolonged instances of casual sex interactions .
The Dreamcast ( Japanese : Dor mukyasuto ) is a video game console made by Sega , and is the successor to the Sega Saturn .
The original artwork for the cards was painted by artist Elena Kucharik .
When that chapel was demolished in about 1502 to make way for the Henry VII Lady Chapel , Anne 's coffin was moved to a vault under the Abbey of the Minoresses , run by nuns of the Order of Poor Ladies .
com , Retrieved 14 October 2006 who currently plays for AFC Ajax , having just returned from a season long loan at Bristol City .
He was awarded a title People 's Artist of Russia in 1986 .
The passengers of the Boeing 737 were freed in an assault carried out by German GSG 9 special forces in the early hours of 18 October 1977 which saw the death of three of the militants .
The figure for the average gradients per kilometre can be found in many books and websites on cycling .
The medial masseter muscle goes through the eye socket , a feature unique among mammals .
It was later given the backronym European Region Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students .
Bobby Fischer was born at Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago , Illinois on March 9 , 1943 .
The Department of Defense created DIA with the publication of Directive 5105.21 , '' Defense Intelligence Agency '' on 1 August , effective 1 October 1961 .
International Phonetic Association ( IPA ) , Handbook .
The band was signed by Warner Bros. .
When he returned to England , he brought the recipe with him , introducing milk chocolate to Europe .
The depression remained disorganized throughout the morning , despite curved banding features developing , they remained relatively far from the center of circulation .
The use of the word borough probably derives from the burghal system of Alfred the Great .
Moscow is burned down and its inhabitants are killed .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
A public university is a university that is predominantly funded by public means through a national or subnational government , as opposed to private universities . A national university may or may not be considered a public university , depending on regions .
Khowar ( ) , also known as Chitrali , is a Dardic language spoken by 400,000 people in Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , in the Ghizer district of Gilgit-Baltistan ( including the Yasin Valley , Phandar Ishkoman and Gupis ) , and in parts of Upper Swat .
The 1st century was the century that lasted from 1 to 100 according the Julian calendar .
Department of Agriculture Appropriations for 1957 : Hearings ... 84th Congress .
In May 2007 , The Simpsons reached its 400th episode at the end of the eighteenth season .
The 1987 report of National Cholesterol Education Program , Adult Treatment Panels suggest the total blood cholesterol level should be : 240 mg\/dL high cholesterol .
ISBN 0-8050-1639-2 .
According to various in-character interviews with Sacha Baron Cohen , Borat attended Astana University , where he studied English , journalism , and plague research .
Hélio Castroneves & Julianne Hough ( 1st Place in Season 5 )
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius ( ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 ) is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov ( ) .
Jo , Michelle and Christe Rogers were buried in their hometown on June 13 , 1989 , after a funeral service at the Zion Lutheran Church .
Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .
However , the earliest form cited in the Oxford English Dictionary ( from 1842 ) is '' chipmonk '' .
The stadium 's current record attendance was recorded in 1939 , when 76,962 spectators watched the FA Cup semi-final between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Grimsby Town .
Lester Russel Brown ( born March 28 , 1934 in Bridgeton , New Jersey ) is an American environmentalist , founder of the Worldwatch Institute , and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute , a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , D.C. BBC Radio commentator Peter Day calls him '' one of the great pioneer environmentalists . ''
In 1106 he became secretary to the abbot of Saint-Denis .
On August 20 , 1902 , President Theodore Roosevelt established the Alexander Archipelago Forest Reserve , which formed the heart of the Tongass National Forest that covers most of the region .
Note that this will work on all of the pages in your userspace , except for your user talk pages - these are generally not deleted unless there is a specific reason that page blanking is insufficient .
Engineer 's scale , a ruler-like device similar to the Architect 's scale , they are helpful when drawing rooms
Michaels then hit McMahon with Sweet Chin Music and pinned McMahon to win the match .
Written by Lewis between 1949 and 1954 and illustrated by Pauline Baynes , The Chronicles of Narnia have been adapted several times , complete or in part , for radio , television , stage , and cinema .
On 23 March 1933 , Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act of 1933 into law , which gave decrees issued by the cabinet ( in effect , Hitler ) the force of law .
Only three storms made landfall in the 1980 season .
Though moai are whole-body statues , they are commonly referred to as '' Easter Island heads '' .
In 1902 , Bates was elected the 41st Governor , holding office from 1903 to 1905 .
At the rebellion of Korah , Moses saw him ( Num .
Nonetheless , she became tremendously popular in her unconventional way .
The first single released from the album was '' I Want Your Sex '' , during the summer of 1987 .
In 1991 Mulder re-opened The X-Files with Special Agent Diana Fowley , who left shortly thereafter leaving Mulder alone in The X-Files Unit .
Items worn by both sexes include T-shirts , sleeveless shirts ( also called singlets ) , bikini underwear , thongs and G-strings .
Placing first in the American Division , the Bruins had a perfect record in the playoffs en route to their first Stanley Cup victory , defeating the Montreal Canadiens and the New York Rangers .
After winning the Naismith and the Wooden College Player of the Year awards in 1984 , Jordan left North Carolina one year before his scheduled graduation to enter the 1984 NBA Draft .
Jacksonville is a city in Morgan County , Illinois , United States .
He was fluent in many languages : his native Polish as well as Italian , French , German , English , Spanish , Portuguese , Croatian , Ancient Greek and Latin .
The edible fruit closely resembles that of the orange ( Citrus sinensis ) , but is much smaller and oval , being approximately the size and shape of an olive .
Mako`i was used for the rongorongo tablets of Easter Island .
To prevent itself from suffocating while swallowing , it breathes using a small tube under the tongue that connects to the lungs .
Campo Grande Atlético Clube , or Campo Grande as they are usually called , is a Brazilian football team from Campo Grande neighborhood , Rio de Janeiro in Rio de Janeiro , founded on June 13 , 1940 .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Pratchett was the UK 's best-selling author of the 1990s , and as of December 2007 has sold more than 55 million books worldwide , with translations made into 36 languages .
St. Anthony is a city in and the county seat of Fremont County , Idaho , United States .
The home rule government held an official call for flag proposals , receiving 555 ( of which 293 were submitted by Greenlanders ) .
The more expensive versions were equipped with powerful internal combustion engines , along with firmer suspension to improve handling .
Eddie Thomson ( 25 February 1947 - 21 February 2003 ) was a Scottish football ( soccer ) player and coach .
To find the entropy change of our '' universe '' , we add up the entropy changes for its constituents : the surrounding room and the ice + water . The total entropy change is positive ; this is always true in spontaneous events in a thermodynamic system and it shows the predictive importance of entropy : the final net entropy after such an event is always greater than was the initial entropy .
Growltiger 's Last Stand
Ivan caused an estimated US$ 13 billion ( 2004 USD ) in damages to the United States , making it the sixth costliest hurricane ever to strike that country .
Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis , the second largest of any state capital .
Bulgaria ( , officially the Republic of Bulgaria ( , translit . Republika Bulgaria , ) , is a country in Southeast Europe .
Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
University of Oklahoma Following the 1966 season , Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie .
After the war , he graduated from the All-Union Correspondence Polytechnic Institute in Moscow and got a job at the Institute of Chemical Physics of the Soviet Academy of Sciences .
While there have been many theological disputes over the nature of Jesus over the first centuries of Christian history , Christians generally believe that Jesus is God incarnate and '' true God and true man '' ( or both fully divine and fully human ) .
The main cause of the Punic Wars was the clash of interests between the existing Carthaginian Empire and the expanding Roman Republic .
.
The main tower has offices , while an accomping 35 floor annex contains apartments , car park and shopping arcade complex which has 5 floors , four sets of escalators , five passenger lifts and two service lifts , and a floor area ranging from 3450sq m to 4900sq m. On the top floor is the Meridian View Centre , an observation deck .
The cytoskeleton is present in all cells ; it was once thought to be unique to eukaryotes , but recent research has identified the prokaryotic cytoskeleton .
Jane 's Addiction is an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1985 .
Hence the report of early travellers as to a tailed race in Africa .
For many years , and particularly during the campaign of 1888 , he was a confidential advisor to General Benjamin Harrison .
The planet formed 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within a billion years .
At the time of its peak intensity , hurricane force winds extended only from the small center of Wilma , with tropical storm force winds extending only about .
Radiocarbon dating , or carbon dating , is a radiometric dating method that uses the naturally occurring radioisotope carbon-14 ( 14C ) to determine the age of carbonaceous materials up to about 58,000 to 62,000 years .
The 2010 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games or the 21st Winter Olympics , will be held February 12-28 , 2010 , in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , with some events held in the resort town of Whistler nearby .
It borders the towns of China to the east , Augusta to the south , Winslow to the north , and across the Kennebec River , Sidney to the west .
The meerkat or suricate Suricata suricatta , a small mammal , is a member of the mongoose family .
Anselm leaves Italy .
Retrieved February 2 , 2010 , from Merriam-webster .
Please add info .
Feudalism in Europe evolved from agricultural slavery in the late Roman Empire and spread through Europe around the 10th century ; it flourished in Europe during the Middle Ages but lasted until the 19th century in some countries .
Liu Xiaobo ( pronunciation : ; born 28 December 1955 ) is a Chinese literary critic , writer , professor , and human rights activist who called for political reforms and the end of communist one-party rule in the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) .
Frévin - Capelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The song was the second single from Adams ' 1991-album Waking Up the Neighbours , a successor of the massive hit single '' ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' .
Western North American mountains ; important in forestry .
Konietzko evolved the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison .
Of the more than 5,500 municipalities in the country , Minas has 853 of them , a fact explained by the number of inhabitants and by the vast territory ( larger than Metropolitan France ) .
Many jews believe in a life after you are dead .
The persistence of companion clouds shows that some former dark spots may continue to exist as cyclones even though they are no longer visible as a dark feature .
Freak needs braces to walk .
It is disadvantageous for oneself , because useful work does not get done
The event lasts for two days and regularly attracts about 250,000 visitors .
On November 17 the thunderstorm activity was impacted by wind shear , which was expected to prevent further strengthening .
Biography Brian Jacques was born in Liverpool , England , on June 15 ,1939 .
Anna Kournikova and Martina Hingis were presented with the WTA Award for Doubles Team of the Year .
The Common collared lizard , Oklahoma collared lizard or collared lizard , Crotaphytus collaris , is a North American lizard that can reach a foot ( 30 cm ) long in length ( including the tail ) , with a large head and powerful jaws .
Patrick Mercer ( C )
Although he died young , he became one of the pioneers of the Romantic movement .
The outer bulb may be clear or coated with a phosphor ; in either case , the outer bulb provides thermal insulation , protection from ultraviolet radiation , and a convenient mounting for the fused quartz arc tube .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known in Japan as , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
He hit 24 or more home runs every year from 1955 through 1973 , and is the only player to hit 30 or more home runs in a season at least 15 times .
He sailed along the south coast of New Guinea , and may also have sighted the northernmost extremity of the Australian mainland , however no specific records exist that indicate he did so .
In many areas of Victoria , Cootamundra Wattle has become naturalised and is regarded as a weed , out-competing indigenous Victorian species .
Nizy-le-Comte is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
He also sent them in death camps .
The Socialist Party was formerly the Militant tendency , founded in 1964 as the '' Marxist voice of Labour and Youth '' and operating in the Labour Party .
Hills is a city in Johnson County , Iowa , United States .
The Sydney Cricket Ground ( SCG ) is a sports stadium in Sydney .
The typical bryophyte archegonium consists of a long neck with a wider base containing the egg cell .
Hamilton Academical , often known as Hamilton Accies , are a football club from Hamilton in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Named to the NHL Second All-Star Team in 1966 .
Nathaniel Hathorne was born in 1804 in the city of Salem , Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and Elizabeth Clarke Manning Hathorne .
Javaris Cortez Crittenton ( born December 31 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player at point guard for the NBA 's Washington Wizards .
Resurrection , Discipleship , Justice : Affirming the Resurrection Jesus Christ Today .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
Her father Peter Yorke , a sea captain and successful merchant , died in 1815 .
The capital of the Spanish Captaincy General of Guatemala , covering most of modern Central America , was moved here after a series of earthquakes - the Santa Marta earthquakes that started on July 29 , 1773 - destroyed the old capital , Antigua Guatemala .
Terry plays in a centre back position and is the captain of Chelsea in the Premier League .
She was buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo , New York .
Poss acquired full control of Sugar Hill in 1980 and owned the label until 1998 , when he sold it to the Welk Music Group , owner of Vanguard Records .
RPM ( magazine ) , a defunct Canadian music and radio industry magazine
Scouting , also known as the Scout Movement , is a worldwide youth movement with the stated aim of supporting young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , so that they may play constructive roles in society .
Older children are more commonly affected by Neisseria meningitidis ( meningococcus ) , Streptococcus pneumoniae ( serotypes 6 , 9 , 14 , 18 and 23 ) and those under five by Haemophilus influenzae type B ( in countries that do not offer vaccination , see below ) .
Its fruit , also called the olive , is of major agricultural importance in the Mediterranean region as the source of olive oil .
This time she follows him all the way to his home in Cloisterham ; outside she meets Mr. Datchery , who tells her Jasper 's name and that he will sing the next morning in the cathedral service .
Scientists think that when animals sleep , their sleep is different from those of humans .
Potassium hypomanganate , K3MnO4 , also known as potassium manganate ( V ) , is a bright blue salt and a rare example of a manganese ( V ) compound .
By 212 BC Antiochus III had invaded the domain of Xerxes and defeated him after laying siege to the city of Arsamosata .
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently .
In England , the Feast of the Annunciation on March 25 , was the first day of the new year until the adoption of the Gregorian Calendar in 1752 . The March 25 date was known as Annunciation Style ; the January 1 date was known as Circumcision Style , because this was the date of the Feast of the Circumcision , being the eighth day counting from December 25 when Christ was believed to be born .
Most are nocturnal and appear to feed on detritus .
The Smithsonian Institution was founded for the '' increase and diffusion of knowledge '' from a bequest to the United States by the British scientist James Smithson ( 1765 - 1829 ) , who never visited the new nation .
His first goal as a professional footballer came on 21 March 2006 when he scored against Ventforet Kofu .
Shogo Kamo ( December 12 , 1915 & ndash ; September 14 , 1977 ) was a Japanese football player .
Handel wrote 22 keyboard suites ; Bach produced multiple suites for lute , cello , violin , flute , and other instruments , as well as English suite , French suites and Partitas for keyboard .
Literacy Rate : Namli Maira village has one of the highest literacy rates for the district .
This name refers to the topographical feature of this beach which sees thousands rock reaching the sea , surrounding small fine sand beaches suitable for seabathing .
Skinner , B.F. ( 1976 ) Particulars of my life : Part 1 of an Autobiography Skinner , B.F. ( 1979 ) The Shaping of a Behaviorist : Part 2 of an Autobiography Skinner , B.F. ( 1983 ) A Matter of Consequences : Part 3 of an Autobiography Smith , D.L. ( 2002 ) .
Despite this , the Hadean environment was one highly hazardous to life .
His first spaceflight was Gemini 10 , in which he and command pilot John Young performed two rendezvous with different spacecraft and Collins undertook two EVAs .
The state passed laws which paved the way for '' grand apartheid '' , which was centred on separating races on a large scale , by compelling people to live in separate places defined by race ( This strategy was in part adopted from '' left-over '' British rule that separated different racial groups after they took control of the Boer republics in the Anglo-Boer war .
Voltaire described the history of certain ages that he considered important , rather than describing events in chronological order .
Its 26 episodes ( '' sessions '' ) comprise a complete storyline : set in 2071 , the series follows the misadventures and tragedies of a group of bounty hunters , or '' cowboys '' , traveling on their spaceship , the Bebop .
It was a centrepiece of the Tasman Series from 1964 to 1969 and again in 1972 and was a round of the Australian Drivers ' Championship in a number of years from 1957 to 1983 .
Durga Prasad , History of the Andhras up to 1565 A. D. , pp 68 After the fall of the Satavahanas , they began to get control over parts of Andhra and the Tamil country .
The hotel was originally named Great Hotel Pichilemu ( ) .
Lightning Bar died in June 1960 from colitis-X , a disease of unknown origin that can kill rapidly and without warning .
Rachel Sarah Bilson ( born August 25 , 1981 ) is an American actress .
Brisingr or The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular is the third book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini .
Luttrell , Tennessee , U.S.
Cure for Pain was the second album released by alternative rock band Morphine through Rykodisc in 1993 .
Derivatives of polis are common in many modern European languages .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
Patterns February starts on the same day of the week as both March and November in common years , and August in leap years .
She gets sent to the dog fights , and meets a German Sheperd name Delgado .
Of Europe 's approximately 50 states , Russia is the largest by both area and population ( although the country covers both Europe and Asia ) , while the Vatican City is the smallest .
The young are usually born in litters of three to seven , after a gestation period of 23 days .
Edwards still tours , performing up to 100 concerts a year .
The winters are mild at low altitude but become snowier and colder with higher elevation , mountains may have up to 6 months of snow and naturally the area would be a vast birch , pine and montane shrub forest , such as those surviving in glen affric .
The most commonly used yard today is the international yard , which is defined to be exactly 0.9144 metre .
Fear Factory is an American heavy metal band .
The Austrian Empire was a modern era successor empire , which was centered on what is today 's Austria and which officially lasted from 1804 to 1867 .
Megawati is the daughter of Indonesia 's first president , Sukarno .
The division was introduced in 1975 - 76 in Scottish football to replace the old Scottish Football League Division Two . It contains ten teams and each year the top team is promoted to the Scottish Premier League , subject to meeting the stadium criteria .
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last .
The latter , Ingo Heinrich , who was responsible for the mortal shot in the heart , was at first sentenced to three and a half years of jail .
In 1906 Giacosa died and , in 1909 , there was scandal after Puccini 's wife , Elvira , falsely accused their maid Doria Manfredi of having an affair with Puccini .
However , many people observe that Tux is also an abbreviation of tuxedo , the outfit which springs to mind when they see a penguin .
ac-images .
Various space probes from Pioneers 10 and 11 to Galileo and Cassini have studied the moon .
Parnell 's parents separated when he was six , and as a boy he was sent to different schools in England , where he spent an unhappy youth .
Pinnacle Point is a golf course complex near Mossel Bay , a town on the Southern coast of South Africa .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sahiwal - Government of Pakistan The tehsils contains five towns , these are : Chichawatni , Kassowal , Ghaziabad , Iqbal Nagar , Chak45 Firdous .
Much of the routine work of a blood bank involves testing blood from both donors and recipients to ensure that every individual recipient is given blood that is compatible and is as safe as possible .
On December 25 , 1991 , Gorbachev resigned as president of the USSR , declaring the office extinct and ceding all the powers still vested in it to the president of Russia : Yeltsin .
A sample mean value of 280 grams however would be extremely rare if the mean content of the cups is in fact close to 250 grams .
The portrait serves as a reminder of the effect each act has upon his soul , with each sin displayed as a disfigurement of his form , or through a sign of aging .
Toki Pona is a minimal language .
It is the largest of the '' big four '' record companies by its commanding market share and its multitude of global operations .
Florennes is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Though some sources identify Gadreel as the angel that seduced Eve , other Hebrew scholars say that it was Samael who tempted Eve in the guise of the Serpent .
In 2005 , Bo Diddley celebrated his 50th anniversary in music with successful tours of Australia and Europe , and with coast-to-coast shows across North America .
It is usually determined by considering the distance between consecutive corresponding points of the same phase , such as crests , troughs , or zero crossings , and is a characteristic of both traveling waves and standing waves , as well as other spatial wave patterns .
Meaning in the context of cryptography In this meaning , a cryptosystem refers to a suite of algorithms needed to implement a particular form of encryption and decryption .
The county is known for its production of Fraser Fir Christmas Trees .
In the event , Henry 's will was disregarded .
Initially part of the United States Army , the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the military on 18 September 1947.80 P.L. 235 , 61 Stat .
Its most stable known isotope is 262Lr , with a half-life of approximately 3.6 hours .
The console was Microsoft 's first product that ventured into the video game console market , after having collaborated with Sega in porting Windows CE to the Dreamcast console .
Exxon Mobil cut its output by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55000 f. With 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression , oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels , and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
It was published over the years of the Popish Plot ( 1678 - 1681 ) and ten years before the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , and it shows the influence of John Foxe 's Acts and Monuments .
It is a shrub ( rarely a small tree ) growing to 3-5 m ( rarely 9 m ) tall .
Nuclear energy policies often include the regulation of energy use and standards relating to the nuclear fuel cycle .
They also have a ventral , which gives them their name ( Greek gaster , stomach , and poda , feet ) .
'' The English form apostrophe is due to its adoption via French and its current pronunciation as four syllables is due to a confusion with the rhetorical device apostrophé '' ( W. S. Allen , Vox Graeca .
speedy : true speedy-delete-summary : Speedy deleted , $ 1 .
Recordings exist of modern didgeridoo players playing continuously for more than 40 minutes ; Mark Atkins on Didgeridoo Concerto ( 1994 ) plays for over 50 minutes continuously .
It refers specifically to the professional baseball clubs and leagues that are members of the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues , Inc. and which ( other than Mexican League clubs ) have player development contracts with Major League Baseball teams .
Its name comes from the Greek words ( holos , whole or entire ) and ( kainos , new ) , meaning '' entirely recent '' .
Although not an integral part of its territory , Clipperton Island was administered from French Polynesia until 2007 .
NCQ and PATA TCQ have a maximum queue length of 32 outstanding commands ( 31 in practice ) .
During the Cold War , Graham became the first evangelist of note to speak behind the Iron Curtain , addressing large crowds in countries throughout Eastern Europe and in the Soviet Union , calling for peace .
The Hawthorns is an all-seater football stadium in West Bromwich , Sandwell , England , with a capacity of 26,500 .
Fashion Hendrix was well known for his unique sense of fashion and wardrobe and his Bob Dylan hairstyle .
Since the mid-1990s , the FSF 's employees and volunteers have mostly worked on legal and structural issues for the free software movement and the free software community .
Both sexes sometimes make a faint version of the song , and this appears to be used when feeding young .
According to official census figures , 9.1 % of the population claimed to speak Manx in 1901 ; in 1921 the percentage was only 1.1 % .
For the next thirty years , James recorded nothing and drifted in and out of music .
Abbottabad ( ) is a city located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
If you see a bot inserting external links , please consider checking the other language wikis to see if the attack is widespread .
The total area is , of which is land and is water .
He spent most of the war years in Ruhleben until Geiger 's laboratory interceded for his release .
Wagner was a professor at the University of Munich , and curator of the Zoologische Staatssammlung ( State Zoology Collection ) .
Meins died on 11 November 1974 as a result of the hunger strike .
On November 1 , 1905 , Cranbrook was incorporated as a city .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
The district is named after the Wartburg , a castle near Eisenach most famous as Martin Luther refuge in 1521 .
Arboks name is the same as this .
Advanced waste treatment technologies can produce biogas with 55 -- 75 % CH4 Juniper Biogas Yield Comparison or higher using in situ purification techniques As-produced , biogas also contains water vapor , with the fractional water vapor volume a function of biogas temperature ; correction of measured volume for water vapor content and thermal expansion is easily done via algorithm .
Cinderella 's Ballroom ( DVD-ROM )
Because of Larson 's demeanor and ability to train new talent , Larson was given the task to spot and train new animators at Disney in the 1970s .
Audignicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Turku quickly became the most important city in Finland and retained that status for hundreds of years until Finland became part of the Russian Empire in 1809 and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Finland was transferred to Helsinki in 1812 . After that Turku continued to be the most populous city in Finland until the end of the 1840s .
Hobbits are a fictional diminutive race in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium who inhabit the lands of Middle-earth .
Almost 95 % of the park is designated wilderness .
The Tokyo Headquarters building was destroyed during an aerial bombing raid , and all overseas assets were lost .
When Herod realized that he had been tricked , he ordered the execution of all male children in Bethlehem age 2 and younger , based on the information the magi had given him concerning the time the star first appeared .
A trial trench in Bed II at BK in 1951 was followed by a more extensive excavation in 1952 .
After the end of the Roman Empire , the island suffered from ravages by barbarians and Saracens .
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies ( IFRC ) was founded in 1919 and today it coordinates activities between the 186 National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies within the Movement .
The seventh mode contains the intervals semitone , semitone , semitone , tone , semitone , semitone , semitone , semitone , tone , semitone - it has six transpositions , like the tritone , and five modes .
The same is true of the synonyms technical terms , terms of art , shop talk and words of art , which do not necessarily refer to technology or art.Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of LawMcGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern MedicineWest 's Encyclopedia of American Law Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
Parnell succeeded Sarah Palin on July 26 , 2009 following her resignation .
Fife and drum blues is a rural derivation of traditional country blues .
The perception of having a large penis is often linked to higher self esteem .
The band revolves around the songwriting partnership of brothers Jim and William Reid .
Sodium permanganate is the inorganic compound with the formula NaMnO4 .
Eventually , upon becoming disillusioned with the saints and dervishes he encountered , and being disappointed in not receiving spiritual benevolence , he returned to his work .
Located in the Central Valley , San José is the seat of national government , the focal point of political and economic activity , and the major transportation hub of this Central American nation .
Edward the Martyr was assassinated at the site on 18 March 978 .
It consists of 27 separate institutes and offices which includes the Office of the Director .
Wittgenstein concluded that people apply the term game to a range of disparate human activities that bear to one another only what one might call family resemblances .
If the weather is cold and wet , and food scarce , it saves energy by going into torpor ; it curls up into a ball and goes to sleep .
It can be seen as the context that allows the numerals '' 11 '' to be interpreted as the binary symbol for three , the decimal symbol for eleven , or a symbol for other numbers in different bases .
The city changed hands several times .
European Commission Before taking up his current post , Piebalgs ran the office of Sandra Kalniete , Latvia 's member of the Prodi Commission for its last few months in office .
Inspired by Jean-Jacques Rousseau 's idea that geniuses are self-taught , Wollstonecraft chose a rational , self-taught heroine , Mary , as the central character of her novel .
However , as it neared western North America it fell apart .
Timur completes his conquest of Central Asia and parts of Persia , establishing the Timurid Empire .
The Young Ones was a popular British sitcom , first broadcast in 1982 , on BBC2 .
The javelin throw is a track and field athletics throwing event where the object to be thrown is the javelin , a spear approximately 2.5 metres in length . Javelin is an event of both the men 's decathlon and the women 's heptathlon .
Post Claim In time , Mirza Ghulam Ahmad 's claims of being the Mujaddid ( reformer ) of his era became more explicit .
, he was ranked 5th in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
Lisbourg is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Byzas founded his city here on the European coast and named it Byzantion after himself .
Compared with the rounded Romanesque style , the pointed arch of the Early English Gothic looks more elegant and , more importantly , is more efficient at distributing the weight of the stonework above it , making it possible to span higher and wider gaps using narrower columns .
Seventeen watches and\/or warnings were issued in association with Marilyn .
A few people who knew him felt that he wanted to die , and had for awhile , and that Cassady finally got his wish .
A former partisan during World War II , she had a long and successful journalistic career .
The qiblah wall should , in a properly oriented mosque , be set perpendicular to a line leading to Mecca , the location of the Kaaba .
The Oprah Winfrey Show ( often simply referred to as Oprah or just O ) is an American syndicated talk show , hosted and produced by its namesake Oprah Winfrey , and is the highest-rated talk show in American television history .
Otherwise , the individual may not be allowed to participate in ceremonies or even in social ritual such as marriage .
Triple H won the match after pinning RVD following a Pedigree .
The International Year of Astronomy ( IYA2009 ) was a year-long celebration of astronomy that took place in 2009 to coincide with the 400th anniversary of the first recorded astronomical observations with a telescope by Galileo Galilei and the publication of Johannes Kepler 's Astronomia nova in the 17th century .
Chemiré - le-Gaudin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Boutros-Ghali graduated from Cairo University in 1946 , Ph. D. in international law from the University of Paris , and a diploma in international relations from the Sciences Po in 1949 .
Tradition at www.scarletknights.com .
The public key consists of the modulus and the public ( or encryption ) exponent .
Admitted to violating the Treaty of Versailles .
Vorges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Of all Italy 's ships at the time , Andrea Doria was the largest , fastest and supposedly safest .
Citizen Kane was Welles ' first feature film .
In 1981 , he organized a new Artie Shaw Band with clarinetist Dick Johnson as bandleader and soloist .
He played 80 times for the Brazilian national football team .
May 30 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England marries Jane Seymour .
Each step is different to all others , with the entire flight made from 60,000 hand-cut granite setts .
Bochco is the creator of many well-known police dramas such as Hill Street Blues and NYPD Blue .
Fighting the flames is difficult due to limited visibility .
It is thought the Portuguese traders were the first to bring the word to Europe .
However , the builders of the Allen-Bradley Clock Tower did not add chimes to the clock , so the Great Clock of Westminster still holds the title of the '' world 's largest four-faced chiming clock '' .
The genesis of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream is in that notebook .
The Mersey is formed from three tributaries : the River Etherow , the River Goyt , and the River Tame .
In mathematics , the factorial of a positive integer n , denoted by n !
Victorian Premier Henry Bolte proclaimed the new name in a ceremony at the point on 20 April 1970 ( this was the 200th anniversary ; Cook 's 19 April was by nautical time , i.e. not adjusted for the International Date Line ) .
A '' majority '' may be defined in different ways .
Paul Larudee , a 64-year-old former linguistics professor from El Cerrito , California onboard the Sfendoni , was beaten and tased according to his family who said that Israeli consular officials informed them that Larudee , a pacifist , was beaten after refusing to follow the orders of troops .
Ambrogio Calepino , Italian lexicographer ( b. 1450 )
Georges Auguste Escoffier ( 28 October 1846 -- 12 February 1935 ) was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .
In 2002 , Balkanska was awarded the Stara Planina Orden ( the highest Bulgarian award ) .
Saint Peter becomes Pope ( according to Roman Catholic tradition ) ( see 32 )
ROM cartridge , a removable component in an electronic device
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
March 2 & ndash ; WWII : A train stalls inside a railway tunnel outside Salerno , Italy ; 521 choke to death .
Colsterworth , together with the hamlet of Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth , had a population of 1,508 according to the 2001 census , and lies half a mile to the west of the A1 road , seven miles south of Grantham and 13 miles north of Stamford .
Under this policy , West Punjab , Balochistan , Sindh , and the Northwest Frontier were merged under the nominal designation of West Pakistan and East Bengal became East Pakistan .
The American Mathematical Society ( AMS ) is an association of professional mathematicians dedicated to the interests of mathematical research and scholarship , which it does with various publications and conferences as well as annual monetary awards and prizes to mathematicians .
March 5 , 1991 : Dana Murzyn traded from Calgary to Vancouver for Ron Stern , Kevan Guy and future considerations .
Rising in Mongolia , it follows a northerly course to the Yenisei Gulf in the Kara Sea , draining a large part of central Siberia , the longest stream following the Yenisei-Angara-Selenga-Ider .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
He is a patron for people with addictions .
A popular writer in her time , her work has received increasing attention from literary critics in recent years .
As a political organization , the World Bank must meet the demands of donor and borrowing governments , private capital markets , and other international organizations .
Double international All Blacks rugby union and Kiwis rugby league player Marc Ellis .
Kropotkin was arrested and condemned to five years ' imprisonment , but Reclus escaped punishment as he remained in Switzerland .
The multiverse ( or meta-universe ( metaverse ) ) is the hypothetical set of multiple possible universes ( including our universe ) that together comprise all of reality .
It originated during the New Wave era of the late 1970s and to mid-1980s , and it has continued to exist and develop ever since .
Vithoba legends revolve around his devotee Pundalik , who is credited with bringing the deity to Pandharpur , and around Vithoba 's role as a savior to the poet-saints of the Varkari faith . The Varkari poet-saints are known for their unique genre of devotional lyric , the abhanga , dedicated to Vithoba and composed in Marathi .
It is the third biggest-selling album in UK chart history ( with 4.4 million copies sold ) , behind Queen 's Greatest Hits and The Beatles ' Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band respectively .
The evolution of the peppered moth over the last two hundred years has been studied in detail .
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
Phillip had a very difficult time assembling the fleet which was to make the eight-month sea voyage to Australia .
The first Love Parade in Santiago was held in 2005 and gathered over 100,000 people ; the 2006 version gathered over 200,000 people .
Largest win = Australia 0 -- 8 South Africa ( Adelaide , Australia ; September 17 1955 )
It is usually topped with thinly chopped scallions .
Cresseveuille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Zugspitze is the highest mountain in Germany .
The name of '' place of saints '' was derived from the assumed grave of the martyr Viktor of Xanten and is the source of today 's city name of Xanten .
Four singles were released from the album : '' One Step Closer '' , '' Papercut '' , the Grammy Award-winning '' Crawling '' and '' In the End '' , the latter which was responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity .
In 2006 , Alison won ` Young British Classical Performer ' at the 2006 Classical BRIT Awards and was awarded the ` Classic FM Listeners ' Choice Award ' at the Classic FM Gramophone Awards .
Elements are listed in order of increasing atomic number ( i.e. , the number of protons in the atomic nucleus ) .
May 13 & ndash ; Captain Arthur Phillip leaves Portsmouth , England with 11 ships packed with 1,000 convicts and their jailers to establish a penal colony in Australia .
Compared to general service incandescent lamps giving the same amount of visible light , CFLs generally use less power , have a longer rated life , but a higher purchase price .
Catherine Jinks ( born 1963 ) is an Australian author .
The Moral Code was adopted at the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
Such kinds of experiments were performed still more than a century ago .
The Rum Tum Tugger
Consequently , Juno became Juno Moneta , she who warns\/protects .
Although some candiru species have been known to grow to a size of 6 inches ( ~ 15 cm ) in length , others are considerably smaller .
Domestic activity NSA 's mission , as set forth in Executive Order 12333 , is to collect information that constitutes '' foreign intelligence or counterintelligence '' while not '' acquiring information concerning the domestic activities of United States persons '' .
On August 19 , 1989 , it was the site of the Pan-European Picnic , a protest on the border between Austria and Hungary , which was used by over 600 citizens of East Germany to escape from the GDR to the West .
Terrain , or land relief , is the vertical dimension of land surface .
Pavarotti began his farewell tour in 2004 , at the age of 69 , performing one last time in old and new locations , after more than four decades on the stage .
ZoneAlarm was formerly known as Zone Labs .
Normally eaten as relish with Sadza .
On 30 December 1991 , Rodrigo was raised into the Spanish nobility by King Juan Carlos I with the hereditary title of Marqués de los Jardines de Aranjuezhttp : \/O/ \/O/ boe .
Roquebrune is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In 1858 the municipality of Linescio was separated from it .
Some states have more than one official state song , and may refer to some of their official songs by other names ; for example , Arkansas officially has two state songs , plus a state anthem , and a state historical song .
Margaret died early in the revolution , on June 19 , 1775 , while Arnold was at Fort Ticonderoga following its capture .
The World Factbook ( ISSN ; also known as the CIA World Factbook ) is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States with almanac-style information about the countries of the world .
In addition , it has an equal number of sympathetic strings located below the main strings and the fingerboard which are not played directly but vibrate in sympathy with the notes played .
Cystic fibrosis ( also known as CF or mucoviscidosis ) is a common recessive genetic disease which affects the entire body , causing progressive disability and often early death .
Steve Martin Biography ( 1945 - ) Born Standing Up , p. 20Steve Martin shows comedy often comes from pain in memoir Martin was raised in Garden Grove , California .
Alitalia has since opened up code-share agreements with SkyTeam members , allowing passengers to fly to numerous destinations using a single Alitalia ticket .
The first album released under the new name was Reign of Fear in 1986 .
Cheadle rose to prominence in the late 1990s and the early 2000s for his supporting roles in the Steven Soderbergh-directed films Out of Sight , Traffic , and Ocean 's Eleven .
For a short time , Osamu Tezuka 's baby unicorn character Unico , who starred in two feature-length anime movies in the early 1980s , was also part of the Sanrio empire ; however , the rights to Unico shifted to Osamu Tezuka 's own company after Tezuka 's death in 1989 .
One of the most popular uses of a flag is to symbolize a nation or country .
The franchise , which began 11 November 2007 , was formed through the amalgamation of the former Midland Mainline , which operated inter-city services from London to Yorkshire , and the eastern side of Central Trains operating companies .
History of Photography and the Camera - Pinhole Camera to Daguerreotypehttp : \/O/ \/O/ www-history .
Arge ( ) is a river of Southern Romania .
The highest peak in the district is the Auersberg ( 1019 m ) , second highest mountain of Saxony after the Fichtelberg .
The Midwestern United States ( in the U.S. generally referred to as the Midwest ) is one of the four geographic regions within the United States of America used by the United States Census Bureau in its reporting .
Fairbanks receives an average 21 hours of daylight between May 10 and August 2 each summer , and an average of less than four hours of daylight between November 18 and January 24 each winter .
He currently plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
Malabo at britannica.com .
When AOL ( Netscape 's parent ) drastically scaled back its involvement with Mozilla Organization , the Mozilla Foundation was launched on July 15 , 2003 to ensure Mozilla could survive without Netscape .
Glenn Henry '' Mr. Goalie '' Hall ( born October 3 , 1931 , in Humboldt , Saskatchewan ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender .
Julia M. Butree ( a wife of Ernest Thompson Seton ) in her book , Julia M. Butree ( Julia M. Seton ) The Rhythm of the Redman : in Song , Dance and Decoration .
At youth level , Anelka played for the French under-20 team at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship , and made his senior team debut for France in a goal-less draw with Sweden on 22 April 1998 .
After months of speculation on whether Hamilton , Pedro de la Rosa or Gary Paffett would be paired with defending champion Fernando Alonso for , Hamilton was confirmed as the team 's second driver .
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
Ned Kellys World She is buried in Forbes Cemetery .
Something Awful was created by Richard '' Lowtax '' Kyanka , who remains in control of the site but is supported by other contributing writers and administrators .
In 2002 , a second adaptation of Red Dragon was made under the original title , featuring Anthony Hopkins , who had previously played Lecter in the motion pictures The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal .
On September 28 , 2000 , Ariel Sharon and members of the Likud Party , along with 1,000 armed guards , visited the al-Aqsa compound ; a large group of Palestinians went to protest the visit .
In a unique arrangement for the league , the Jets share New Meadowlands Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey with the New York Giants .
She would later charge Rembrandt with breach of promise and was awarded alimony of 200 guilders a year .
There are exactly bots flagged with the '' bot '' flag right now .
The DSi helped maintain strong sales for Nintendo 's handheld product line .
She is the first woman ever selected for this position .
It was released in 1982 , and went on to be very popular , reaching # 2 on both US and UK singles charts .
Pessac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Rutland covered parts of three poor law unions and rural sanitary districts : those of Oakham , Uppingham and Stamford .
Buxton is within the sphere of influence of Greater Manchester due to its close proximity to the area .
Sarah Yorke Jackson ( July 16 , 1803 & ndash ; August 23 , 1887 ) was the daughter-in-law of US President Andrew Jackson .
Branch or branching may also refer to : Computing Branch ( computer science ) , a point in a computer program where program-flow may change depending on a condition .
Lithium batteries are not to be confused with lithium-ion batteries , which are high energy-density rechargeable batteries .
Also , if the reviewing administrator concludes that the block was justified , you will not be unblocked unless the reviewing administrator is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for , and that you will not do it again .
Although once thought of as an esoteric field with little useful application for the future , the information obtained by astrometric measurements is now very important in contemporary research into the kinematics and physical origin of our Solar System and our Galaxy , the Milky Way .
Geysir lies on the slopes of Laugarfjall hill at , which is also the home to Strokkur geyser about 50 metres south .
Moon base On December 4 , 2006 , NASA announced it was planning to build a permanent moon base .
Relations between the two states were established when the republic of Uzbekistan became independent following the collapse of the USSR , the relations between the two countries were initially strained by the situation in Afghanistan which both countries border as they supported different factions Afghan factions .
At the end of 2008 , worldwide wind farm nameplate capacity was 120,791 megawatts ( MW ) , representing an increase of 28.8 percent during the year , Wind energy gathers steam , US biggest market : survey and wind power produced some 1.3 % of global electricity consumption .
With a budget of $ 175 million , the film grossed a mere $ 88 million at the U.S. box office , which seemed to make it the all time box office bomb .
Brian Harold May , CBE ( born 19 July 1947 ) is an English musician and astrophysicist most widely known as the guitarist and a songwriter of the rock band Queen .
Personal union with Ireland from 1922 to 1937/1949 ( see Irish head of state from 1936-1949 ) .
Rismiller , P.D. and McKelvey , M.W. 2000 .
Nouvron-Vingré is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Total 6 5
Before the 1993 -- 94 season , the format was completely different .
Some of the first inhabitants of Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .
Linn Grove is a city in Buena Vista County , Iowa , United States .
Sivaya Subramuniyaswami ( 1927 - 2001 ) , also known as Gurudeva by his followers , was born in Oakland , California , on January 5 , 1927 , and adopted Saivism as a young man .
It is BMW 's best selling vehicle , accounting for nearly 40 % of the company 's car sales in 2005 .
A processor that executes every instruction one after the other ( i.e. a non-pipelined scalar architecture ) may use processor resources inefficiently , potentially leading to poor performance .
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement on 23 March 1889 and termed it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at ( community ) , envisioning it to be a revitalisation of Islam .
The two Greensville County towns merged in 1887 to form the new incorporated town of Emporia , which was named after the town of Emporia , Kansas . The Town Emporia was re-chartered by the Virginia General Assembly as an independent city in 1967 .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
IDF photos displayed daggers , kitchen and pocket knives , metal and wooden poles , flares , wrenches and slingshots with marble projectiles said to have been used against the soldiers .
Jeong Yak-yong and his brothers were also among the earliest Korean converts to Roman Catholicism .
The DNA is transcribed to mRNA by an enzyme , RNA polymerase II , with the help of many other proteins .
The total area is 74.50 km which gives a population density of 88 inhabitants per km .
In human anatomy , the appendix ( or vermiform appendix ; also cecal ( or caecal ) appendix ; also vermix ) is a blind-ended tube connected to the cecum ( or caecum ) , from which it develops embryologically .
In the last Research Assessment Exercise in 2008 , York was also named as the sixth best research institution in the United Kingdom .
In cryptography , the so-called product ciphers are a certain kind of ciphers , where the ( de - ) ciphering of data is done in '' rounds '' .
Justus von Liebig ( 1803 -- 1873 ) , chemist , professor .
A similar subsequent modulation would become F , notated as six sharps . The next modulation , to C is notationally clean , as seven sharps .
Consequently , most of Devon has qualified for the European Community Objective 2 status .
So the consul upon entering office was expected by the Senate and the People to march his army against Rome 's enemies , and expand the Roman frontiers .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 ; throughout the late 1940s , the company produced amplifiers for Sears , Roebuck and Company and Montgomery Ward .
The Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite 2006 DVD contains over 55 million words and just over 100,000 articles .
The band was formed in 1993 by ex-Ceremonial Oath 's guitarist Oscar Dronjak .
The stewards announced the penalty 20 minutes after the incident which allowed Hamilton to make a gap before serving the penalty and kept him in second place .
Hughes worked various odd jobs , before serving a brief tenure as a crewman aboard the S.S. Malone in 1923 , spending six months traveling to West Africa and Europe .
Affine hull , in affine geometry
In 1939 , Edith 's mother came to live with the Franks , and remained with them until her death in January 1942 .
Buto originally was two cities , Pe and Dep , which merged into one city that the Egyptians named Per-Wadjet .
Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
In October , Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson stated at a press conference that Rooney wanted to quit club . This came after a period of dispute as to the extent of Rooney 's ankle injury , where Rooney had refuted Ferguson 's claim that the injury was the reason Rooney had been dropped to the bench .
Of the many objects that orbit the Sun , most of the mass is contained within eight relatively solitary planets whose orbits are almost circular and lie within a nearly flat disc called the ecliptic plane .
The Amethyst Woodstar ( Calliphlox amethystina ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Chlamydia can be transmitted during vaginal , anal , or oral sex , and can be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth .
Souillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Charter College , Charter College also offers several four-year programs .
In1764 a porcelain factory was started in Fulda under Prince-Bishop , Prince-Abbot Heinrich von Bibra , but shortly after his death it was closed down in 1789 by his successor , Prince-Bishop , Prince-Abbot Adalbert von Harstall .
Jak and Daxter : The Precursor Legacy is a platform game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America and is the first video game in the Jak and Daxter series .
It is on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines between Farringdon and Moorgate , in Travelcard Zone 1 .
In 2002 , he conducted the Prom at the Palace concert , held in the gardens of Buckingham Palace as part of the celebrations for the Queen 's Golden Jubilee .
This attracted much attention , and ultimately led to his being employed in studying and reporting on manufactures in different countries , and in 1788 to his appointment as inspector-general of the manufactures of France .
Biomes are climatically and geographically defined as similar climatic conditions on the Earth , such as communities of plants , animals , and soil organisms , The World 's Biomes , Retrieved August 19 , 2008 , from University of California Museum of Paleontology and are often referred to as ecosystems .
Bomberman Land DS in Japan ) is a puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
The Passacaglia was also published separately ( as op .
official_name = R d u i
They also have a fovea , which is atypical for nocturnal animals .
During the 2000s , Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm (/O2000/O) ; The King of Queens ( 2001 , 2005 ) ; Ally McBeal (/O2001/O) ; Lizzie McGuire (/O2001/O) ; Everybody Loves Raymond (/O2002/O) and Weekends at the D.L. (/O2005/O) .
A center portion of the original building remains today .
The king , now more experienced , took up the struggle with great vigour .
This episode is considered one of the last outbreaks of the centuries-long pandemic of bubonic plague which began with the Black Death .
History Dijon began as a Roman settlement called Divio , located on the road from Lyon to Paris .
The Pearson Air Museum is an aviation museum at Pearson Field in Vancouver , Washington , USA .
The assassination of Julius Caesar was the result of a conspiracy by forty Roman senators , self-styled the Liberatores , who , led by Gaius Cassius Longinus and Marcus Junius Brutus , stabbed Julius Caesar to death in the Theatre of Pompey on the Ides of March ( March 15 ) 44 BC .
During mid-2008 , Moyet reunited with Clarke as Yazoo for a series of live dates .
Other variations in the didgeridoo 's sound can be made by adding vocalizations to the drone .
Naushahro Feroze is the capital of Naushahro Feroze District .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south of the modern city of Nara .
Pakistani rock is almost entirely sung in Urdu , however many new bands have recently come out with songs in Punjabi , Pashto , Sindhi and English .
In the story of the show , the explanation was that her character '' was off heading up Starfleet Medical for the year . ''
Sir John '' Black Jack '' McEwen , GCMG , CH ( 29 March 1900 20 November 1980 ) , was an Australian politician and 18th Prime Minister of Australia .
Biography Simms grew up in southern Colorado , the sixth of nine children of Bill and Jacque Simms .
Mandeville-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
France is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , but under President de Gaulle , it excluded itself from the joint military command to avoid the American domination of its foreign and security policies .
The main sources for the story told in Busenello 's libretto are the Annals of Tacitus ; book 6 of Suetonius 's history The Twelve Caesars ; books 61 -- 62 of Dio Cassius 's Roman History ; and an anonymous play Octavia ( once attributed to the real life Seneca ) , from which the opera 's fictional nurse characters were derived .
Lasker challenged Siegbert Tarrasch , who had won three consecutive strong international tournaments ( Breslau 1889 , Manchester 1890 , and Dresden 1892 ) , to a match .
His rule at this time would be brief ; Hunyadi himself invaded Wallachia and ousted him the same year .
Otto Frank told his family that they would go into hiding in rooms above and behind the company 's premises on the Prinsengracht , a street along one of Amsterdam 's canals , where some of his most trusted employees would help them .
On a visit to London , Isabella was introduced to Samuel Beeton , who had become a publisher of books and popular magazines .
Ban was the Foreign Minister of the Republic of Korea from January 2004 to November 2006 .
However , he died suddenly of a heart attack in November 1974 , while making a public speech to the Royal College of Physicians in Dublin .
The smaller component , measuring 112 km , is now named Menoetius ( full name (/O617/O) Patroclus I Menoetius ) , after the legendary Patroclus 's father .
The album title , Tangled Up , came from the song '' Close to Love '' , the second song featured on the album .
See also Autonomism Battle of Ryesgade The Blitz in Oslo , Norway Freetown Christiania Squatting Turbonegro ( first show at Ungdomshuset in 1989 ) 500 Stenkastende Autonome Voldspsykopater fra Helvede '' ( In English , '' Squat 69 '' ) ( Documentary on Ungdomshuset , created just before the eviction ) Kunsthaus Tacheles Notes External links Official website Photos from Ungdomshuset , Nathue .
At right above is displayed the traditional color lime green . This color is usually called simply lime ( since this was the color normally regarded as lime long before web colors were invented ) in order to distinguish it from the web color lime ( X11 Green ) and web color lime green , shown below .
The Samaveda , containing formulas to be sung by the .
.
He was appointed by President George W. Bush on January 23 , 2001 , and resigned on January 26 , 2005 .
In 1763 he made observations in Auvergne , recognizing that the prismatic basalts were old lava streams , comparing them with the columns of the Giant 's Causeway in Ireland , and referring them to the operations of extinct volcanoes .
Rock garnet is perhaps the garnet type used for the longest period of time .
The term usually refers to a semiconductor diode , the most common type today .
A few days later , Eragon witnesses a baby dragon hatch from the '' stone '' , and realizes that it is actually a dragon egg .
Kunishige Kamamoto ( Kamamoto Kunishige , born April 15 , 1944 in Kyoto ) is a former football player from Japan , who won the bronze medal with the Japan national football team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , Mexico , finishing as the tournament 's top scorer with seven goals .
Layyah District ( Urdu ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan .
'' Take Me Out to the Ball Game '' is an early-20th century Tin Pan Alley song which became the unofficial anthem of baseball , although neither of its authors had attended a game prior to writing the song .
River fleet redirects here .
Wilson contacted the band to show his interest in joining .
Friend-to-friend networks Instant Messaging may be done in a Friend-to-friend network , in which each node connects to the friends on the friends list .
Many straighteners claim to use ionic and infra red technology , which claims to seal in moisture and oils and to reduce static and frizz .
A step up in terms of production from the rehearsal quality of most of their demos , the album was still nevertheless a sparse and embryonic version of what was to come , with lead singer Dani Filth 's vocals in particular bearing little similarity to the style he was later to develop .
Year 1313 ( MCCCXIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
Candice Patricia Bergen ( born May 9 , 1946 ) is an American actress and former fashion model .
Marcus Furius Camillus , Sextus Nonius Quinctilianus , and Lucius Apronius become Roman Consuls .
From archaeological evidence , the invention of the fired brick ( as opposed to the considerably earlier sun-dried mud brick ) is believed to have arisen in about the third millennium BC in West India .
Other times , a spiritual successor is created when the original products were either poor commercial sellers and\/or forgotten by the people that would purchase the product .
She was the first woman to play full time professional hockey in a position other than goalie .
It acquired some features more typical of subtropical or even tropical cyclones .
Rainbands can be stratiform or convective , and are generated by differences in temperature .
For other uses , see State .
Where Angels Fear to Tread (/O1991/O) includes a brief film depiction of this game .
The Norwegian ambassador to the People 's Republic of China was summoned by the Foreign Ministry on 8 October 2010 and was presented with an official complaint against the granting of the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu .
Serial ports are commonly still used in legacy applications such as industrial automation systems , scientific analysis , shop till systems and some industrial and consumer products .
'' Listen '' is one of four compositions written specifically for the Dreamgirls film .
Started in March 2001 , this edition has over 800,000 articles as of May 2009 and is the third largest Wikipedia after the English language and German language editions .
William Floyd ( December 17 , 1734 - August 4 , 1821 ) was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a U.S. Representative from New York .
The first music festival , over three days in September 1768 , was to help raise funds to complete the new General Hospital on Summer Lane .
He continued to study with many masters , of all schools of Tibetan Buddhism , especially Dudjom Rinpoche , Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche , and Nyoshul Khenpo Rinpoche .
Seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in the theory of plate tectonics .
The slope of the valley decreases from 0.35 % in the west to 0.14 % in the east , a low gradient .
They are sometimes called Acomyinae , particularly in references that predate the discovery that the link rat , Deomys ferugineus , is part of the clade .
Thus , the entire audience and orchestra stood when the king stood during the performance , initiating a tradition that has lasted more than two centuries .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
Mikael Stanne is the vocalist for the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity .
Issue 1.11 1967
Carey is a city in Blaine County , Idaho , United States .
Later years Parker lived alone on a farm on Blueridge Road after her husband had died when she was 45 .
Evgeni Viktorovich Nabokov ( ; born July 25 , 1975 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently suspended from the NHL for refusing to report to the New York Islanders .
Enguinegatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saxe-Weimar ( ) was a duchy in Thuringia , Germany .
In grammar , a lexical category ( also word class , lexical class , or in traditional grammar part of speech ) is a linguistic category of words ( or more precisely lexical items ) , which is generally defined by the syntactic or morphological behaviour of the lexical item in question .
Until recently , the footprints have generally been classified as australopith because that had been the only form of pre-human known to have existed in that region at that time ; however , some scholars have considered reassigning them to a yet unidentified very early species of the genus Homo .
But encouraged by Minutemen fan Ed Crawford , they formed fIREHOSE in 1987 and have both had solo projects since the Minutemen disbanded .
Typical uses of sound cards include providing the audio component for multimedia applications such as music composition , editing video or audio , presentation , education , and entertainment ( games ) .
Geography Geographically Havelland is the name for the regions on the banks of the Havel river and the area surrounded by the large '' U '' , surrounded by its course between the city of Berlin and the confluence with the Elbe river .
Michael Gerard '' Mike '' Tyson ( born June 30 , 1966 ) is an American boxer .
The UK 2001 census was organised by the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) in England and Wales , the General Register Office for Scotland ( GROS ) and the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency ( NISRA ) .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team alongside French 2005 - 06 A1 Grand Prix winner Nicolas Lapierre .
For the original incarnations of the Northern League , which operated between 1902 and 1971 , see Northern League ( baseball , 1902-71 )
Performance history La fanciulla del West was commissioned by , and first performed at , the Metropolitan Opera in New York .
Since the 19th century , several Evangelical or Revivalist movements adopted an elevated subordinationist theology ( best described as Nontrinitarianism , rather than Unitarianism ) .
It is part of the Gulfport & ndash ; Biloxi , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Thicker walls cancel out red ( longer ) wavelengths , causing a blue-green reflection .
The meditations serve as an example of how Aurelius approached the Platonic ideal of a philosopher-king and how he symbolized much of what was best about Roman civilization .
He posited the ideal in nature , and was the founder of the competing school to the more gritty ( for lack of a better term ) view of nature as expressed by Caravaggio .
Jacob Broom ( 1752 -- 1810 ) , American businessman and politician
In the Catholic Church and the Anglican Communion , he is a saint and pre-eminent Doctor of the Church , and the patron of the Augustinian religious order ; his memorial is celebrated 28 August , the day of his death .
--
At a distance from the lake lies the Babusar Pass which is the end of the 150 km long Kaghan Valley .
The most familiar fossils of the Solnhofen Plattenkalk include the early bird Archaeopteryx preserved in such detail that they are among the most famous and most beautiful fossils in the world .
This Frankish-Roman Carolingian chant , augmented with new chants to complete the liturgical year , became known as '' Gregorian . ''
Dance music is music composed specifically to facilitate or accompany dancing .
Clyde Football Club are a Scottish professional football team currently playing in the Third Division of the Scottish Football League .
This is a positive step to safeguarding the club 's future . ''
Angus McKinnon Young ( born March 31 , 1955 ) is a Scottish-born Australian musician and the lead guitarist , songwriter , and co-founder of the hard rock band AC/DC .
The term has expanded to include uses of the same mechanism in recording , positioning , and servomechanism equipment .
There are about a billion or more bicycles in the world .
Waben is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The End ( 1805 ) : The British hanged Theeran Chinnamalai , his two brothers and their loyal soldier Karuppan on Adi Perukku day .
Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell type that the virus being tested for is able to infect .
The band signed their first record deal in 2004 with Emerald Moon Records ; this was followed by their first release , the EP The Three Words to Remember in Dealing with the End .
Ice T has also credited the Talking Heads song '' Psycho Killer '' with partially inspiring the song .
A learner 's first textbook , comparable in style , layout , and coverage to Wheelock 's Latin , but featuring text selections from the liturgy and the Vulgate : unlike Wheelock , it also contains translation and composition exercises .
'' Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on December 20 , 1990 .
Michelle ` Chelle ' Richardson is a fictional character in the television series Skins played by April Pearson .
Mojo Hannah
Billericay is a part of the London commuter belt .
In 1998 General Motors purchased the brand name and marketed three vehicles : the original Hummer H1 , based on the military High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle ( HMMWV , or Humvee ) , and the Hummer H2 and the Hummer H3 models that were based on other , smaller civilian-market GM platforms .
The sisters enter and are alarmed by the presence of strange men in their home .
Many of these animals were once thought to be related to other groups of muroid rodents , but this African-based clade has been proposed and confirmed on the basis of genetic studies .
Hart continued to refuse to drop the title to Michaels , offering to lose the title anywhere in the U.S. prior to Survivor Series or to surrender the title to McMahon on the episode of Monday Night Raw the day after Survivor Series , in Ottawa .
The scenes showing Borat 's home village were filmed in the Gypsy village of Glod , Romania .
EA responded to this argument : '' As you know , Bulletstorm is a work of entertainment fiction ... The game and its marketing adhere to all guidelines set forth by the ESRB ; both designed for people 17 + ... Much like Tarantino 's Kill Bill or Rodriguez 's Sin City , this game is an expression of creative entertainment for adults . ''
He graduated in 1974 with an LL .
Wikisource : Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court #Article 8 - War crimes United Nations The United Nations Security Council convenes regularly to debate , receive reports , and pass resolutions under the heading '' Children in armed conflict '' .
They are often bright orange in color , with fine-grained , yellow-orange flesh .
The theoretical implications of electromagnetism led to the development of special relativity by Albert Einstein in 1905 ; and from this it was shown that magnetic fields and electric fields are convertible with relative motion as a four vector and this led to their unification as electromagnetism .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
The city was modeled on the capital of the Chinese Tang Dynasty , Chang ` an ( now Xi'an ) .
The obvious answer was that man had spread over the continents following the destruction of the Tower of Babel and taken animals with him , yet some of the results seemed peculiar : why had the natives of North America taken rattlesnakes , but not horses , wondered Sir Thomas Browne in 1646 ?
, ' , ' , ' and Superman Returns .
Pupils were also made to read and evaluate national and international news .
Screaming Life was later combined with the band 's next EP , Fopp ( 1988 ) , and released as the Screaming Life\/Fopp compilation album in 1990 .
As opposed to her younger sister , Julie Nixon Eisenhower , Cox performed more of a ceremonial role during her father 's political career , accompanying him to many campaign stops and , after his presidential inauguration , state trips around the world .
The earliest known recipes date from approximately 1600 BC and come from an Akkadian tablet from southern Babylonia .
Brazil has the world 's largest forest area , the Amazon forest , that occupies some 40 percent of the country 's territory .
The Matterhorn ( German ) , Cervino ( Italian ) or Cervin ( French ) , is a mountain in the Pennine Alps .
Ender 's Game won the 1985 Nebula Award for best novel and the 1986 Hugo Award for best novel .
Johor was the first state in Malaysia to adopt the constitutional monarchy system via Undang-undang Tubuh Negeri Johor ( Johor State Constitution ) written by Sultan Abu Bakar .
The institutions were new to Korea at the time of their inception -- Yonhi was one of the first modern colleges , founded originally as Chosun Christian College in March , 1915 , and Severance has its roots in the first modern medical center in Korea , Gwanghyewon , founded in April , 1885 .
Many Celtic Reconstructionists maintain altars and shrines to their patron spirits and deities , often choosing to place them at outdoor , natural locations such as wells , streams , and special trees .
The Crystal City ( 2003 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
Many of these species have adaptations to help in locomotion under water .
They are often used to create separation or merge lanes during road construction projects or automobile accidents , although heavier , more permanent markers or signs are used if the diversion is to stay in place for a long period of time .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Upon hearing that his cousin had changed the name of the British royal house to Windsor , German Emperor Wilhelm II remarked jokingly that he planned to see Shakespeare 's play The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
The mime and his girlfriend both walk in on each other having affairs ( mimed , of course ) , again symbolizing the emptiness of their mimed relationships .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , producer , and creator of the animated series , The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom .
Until his retirement in 2002 , he was head of the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia , which investigates the paranormal .
July 8 & ndash ; The Qing Dynasty Chinese admiral Shi Lang leads 300 ships with 20,000 troops out of Tongshan , Fujian and sails towards the Kingdom of Tungning , in modern-day Taiwan and Penghu , in order to quell the kingdom in the name of Qing .
The giraffe can surivive without water for extended periods .
Conceptual art is art in which the concept ( s ) or idea ( s ) involved in the work take precedence over traditional aesthetic and material concerns .
PDF fulltext Seibel , Brad A. ( 2001 ) : Vampyroteuthis infernalis .
It involves Olivia 's uncle , Sir Toby Belch ; another would-be suitor , a silly squire named Sir Andrew Aguecheek ; her servants Maria and Fabian ; and her father 's favorite fool , Feste .
In the 19th century it was the fourth largest city of Imperial Russia , after Moscow , Saint Petersburg , and Warsaw .
Free-verse translation by Tagore ( Gitanjali , verse VII ) : '' My song has put off her adornments .
The Bash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on June 28 , 2009 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento , California .
On census day ( 29 April 2001 ) there were 10,646 people living in Cookstown .
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss manufacture of prestige watches and a brand of the Richemont group .
It was almost always accompanied by one or more attached units of auxiliaries , who were not Roman citizens and provided cavalry , ranged troops and skirmishers to complement the legion 's heavy infantry .
The coat of arms was granted 28 June 1991 .
Market square , an open area where market stalls are traditionally set out for trading
In 1986 the metropolitan county councils were abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 and most of their functions were devolved to the boroughs , making them to a large extent unitary authorities .
Marco Streller ( born 18 June 1981 in Basel ) is a Swiss international footballer who plays as a striker for FC Basel in the Swiss Super League .
She worked there for fifty years , and became one of the most popular actors there , but she never became a star because of the parts she played ; she always played old women in comedies , never heroines and therefore seldom main parts .
Robert Jordan was the pen name of James Oliver Rigney , Jr. ( October 17 , 1948 & ndash ; September 16 , 2007 ) , under which he was best known as the author of the bestselling The Wheel of Time fantasy series .
Harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on August 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the Azores on August 14 .
Monthurel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Tropical Depression One was also the farthest north a May tropical cyclone is known to have formed , according to the NHC 's Tropical Cyclone Report .
Alfred Nobel died in December 1896 , and in January 1897 the contents of his will were unveiled .
Fesmy-le-Sart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She was arrested when the siege failed , and was sentenced , on July 20 , 1977 , to twice life imprisonment .
However , due to relativistic space travel Ender himself ( who now goes by his real name Andrew Wiggin or by his title '' Speaker for the Dead '' ) is only about 35 years old .
The construction of the capital city by Cyrus the Great , begun in 546 BCE or later , was left unfinished after Cyrus died in battle in 530 or 529 BCE .
Hurwicz hired Evelyn Jensen ( born October 31 , 1923 ) , who grew up on a Wisconsin farm and was , at the time , an undergraduate in economics at the University of Chicago , as his teaching assistant during the 1940s .
Generally , moorland wildlife has evolved to cope with even major fires and are easily able to recover if such intense burnings are not too frequent .
The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual , originating from the Rimo glacier , it flows in a southeasternly direction and joining the Pangong range , it takes a northwestern turn , flowing parallel to its previous path .
Nelson 's Column is a monument in Trafalgar Square in central London built to commemorate Admiral Nelson , who died at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
The Pygmy Killer Whale ( Feresa attenuata ) is a small , rarely-seen cetacean of the oceanic dolphin family ( Delphinidae ) .
The location of the station was specially chosen for the view from the platform .
Amarildo Tavares da Silveira , also known as Amarildo ( born in Campos , Rio de Janeiro , June 29 , 1939 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player who played as a striker .
In June 1980 , the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda was established at Wolong with the efforts of both World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) and the Chinese government .
The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines , such as vin jaune , which is made by a similar process to sherry , developing under a flor of yeast .
He received the Best Male Performance Prize at the Cannes Film Festival and the Academy Award for Best Actor for Kiss of the Spider Woman for 1985 .
Hurricane Keith , the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season , was a Caribbean hurricane that caused great damage across Belize and southern Mexico .
It lies within the boundaries of the Distrito Nacional ( D.N. ; '' National District '' ) , itself bordered on three sides by Santo Domingo Province .
Like its predecessors , this book was well received and reviewers praised its humorous style and the plot of the story .
He is of Italian descent on his father 's side ( the surname Boreanaz is of Northern Italian origin ) and Slovak on his mother 's side .
NK cells distinguish infected cells and tumors from normal and uninfected cells by recognizing level changes of a surface molecule called MHC ( major histocompatibility complex ) class I. NK cells are activated in response to a family of cytokines called interferons .
May 2 & ndash ; John Maitland becomes Duke of Lauderdale and Earl of March .
Super Why !
Puerto Plata ( , Silver Port ) is one of the northern provinces of the Dominican Republic .
Echo Lake includes three attractions based on characters and movies produced by George Lucas ' Lucasfilm studio .
Cold soba dishes Chilled soba is often served on a sieve-like bamboo tray called a zaru , sometimes garnished with bits of dried nori seaweed , with a dipping sauce known as soba tsuyu on the side .
Cordes-sur-Ciel ( ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Therefore , it is important to use a sufficiently long key length ; longer keys take exponentially longer to attack , rendering a brute force attack impractical .
Spokane hosted the first environmentally themed World 's Fair in Expo ' 74 , becoming the smallest city yet to host a World 's Fair .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
In 1996 , Guerrero received several shots at the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship against Konnan at Uncensored and Ric Flair at Hog Wild .
Luceau is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing ( 22 January 1729 - 15 February 1781 ) was a German writer , philosopher , dramatist , publicist , and art critic , and one of the most outstanding representatives of the Enlightenment era .
The Cat Who Went up the Creek (/O2002/O)
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
He made the first modern trampoline in his garage to reproduce this on a smaller scale and used it to help with his diving and tumbling activities .
In 2002 , female paraurethral glands , or Skene 's glands , were officially renamed the female prostate by the Federative International Committee on Anatomical Terminology .
The Northern Ireland national football team represents Northern Ireland in international football .
The purpose of his mission is to provide legal support to Dracula for a real estate transaction overseen by Harker 's employer , Peter Hawkins , of Exeter in England . At first enticed by Dracula 's gracious manner , Harker soon discovers that he has become a prisoner in the castle .
Jaleel Ahmad White ( born November 27 , 1976 ) is an American actor and screenwriter .
Wilson moved to Iroquois Falls , Ontario for a season to play in the Northern Ontario Hockey Association ( NOHA ) in 1921 - 22 before returning to Port Arthur a year later to play for the Port Arthur Bearcats .
Chassillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
It is spoken as a second language in the rest of Gilgit and Hunza .
Subspecies Subspecies Taxon author Common name Geographic range T. j. bourreti Klemmer , 1963 Bourret 's pitviper Northwestern Vietnam ( in the provinces of Lao Cai and Lai Chau , and possibly also in adjascent China ( Yunnan ) .
The Original Six is a term for the group of six teams that comprised the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the 25 seasons between the 1942 - 43 season and the 1967 NHL Expansion .
Stimulus Sensitivity may refer to :
Yvette Fielding was educated at Pownall Green Primary School and Bramhall High School in Bramhall , Stockport , in Greater Manchester .
A human being can be infected by a single bacterium .
The Tao of Physics makes an assertion that physics and metaphysics are both inexorably leading to the same knowledge .
This meant that Hamilton broke Bruce McLaren 's record of being the youngest driver to ever lead the world championship .
official_name = Gura Humorului
Hawthorne anonymously published his first work , a novel titled Fanshawe , in 1828 .
Known human dependence on caribou\/wild reindeer has a long history , beginning in the Middle Pleistocene ( Banfield 1961:170 ; Kurtén 1968:170 ) and continuing to the present ... The caribou\/wild reindeer is thus an animal that has been a major resource for humans throughout a tremendous geographic area and across a time span of tens of thousands of years . ''
Monza is a city and comune on the river Lambro , a tributary of the Po , in the Lombardy region of Italy some 15 km north-northeast of Milan .
Being from a country far away from internationally significant cinema circles , Peleshyan 's efforts were never been properly recognized by world cinema until very recently .
Equipment The customer end of the connection consists of a Terminal Adaptor or in layman 's terms '' DSL modem '' .
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad is an animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theaters on October 5 , 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures .
Genki Haraguchi is a Japanese footballer .
The High School is located between the two towns on US Hwy .
Toby Keith Covel ( born July 8 , 1961 in Clinton , Oklahoma ) is an American country music singer-songwriter , record producer , and actor .
Trumpet Manucode ( Manucodia keraudrenii ) is species of medium-sized , approximately 31 cm long bird in the family Paradisaeidae .
The Big Horn Academy Building , built in 1916 , is located in Cowley .
ED Zachary '' Evidence for Evoluiotn .
With the throne tightly secured , Vitellius engaged in a series of feasts , banquets ( Suetonius refers to three a day : morning , afternoon and night ) and triumphal parades that drove the imperial treasury close to bankruptcy .
McClane is driven to the Nakatomi Plaza building by a limo driver named Argyle ( De ` voreaux White ) .
The show 's syndication contracts specifically state that if Dr. Phil is on another station , it can not air at the same time as Oprah .
Alice in Chains reunited in 2005 with new lead vocalist William DuVall and released Black Gives Way to Blue , their first studio album in 14 years , on September 29 , 2009 .
The situation escalated into open warfare when North Korean forces invaded South Korea on 25 June 1950 .
In spite of his failures , Diocletian 's reforms fundamentally changed the structure of Roman imperial government and helped stabilize the empire economically and militarily , enabling the empire to remain essentially intact for another hundred years despite having seemed near the brink of collapse in Diocletian 's youth .
The viola d'amore usually has six or seven playing strings , which are sounded by drawing a bow across them , just as with a violin .
The minbar is usually shaped like a small tower with a pointed roof and stairs leading up to it .
Sir James Clark Ross discovered it in 1841 , and it was later named in honor of him by Robert F. Scott .
Kat & Ana make a cameo appearance in Super Smash Bros. .
The 2005 DVD version made it around the world uncut .
is the number of particles of type i in the system and is the chemical potential for an i-type particle .
Dar es Salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial center .
In 1949 , the city was chosen to be the seat of the Council of Europe with its European Court of Human Rights and European Pharmacopoeia .
Her second space flight was in 1984 , also on board the Challenger .
Sir Edward Richard George '' Ted '' Heath , KG , MBE , PC ( 9 July 1916 - 17 July 2005 ) was a British Conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom ( 1970 - 1974 ) and as Leader of the Conservative Party ( 1965 - 1975 ) .
Iron is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The next day thirty-two C-47s lifted off for Berlin hauling 80 tons of cargo , including milk , flour , and medicine .
However , Britten encountered opposition from sectors of the English musical establishment and gradually withdrew from the London scene , founding the English Opera Group in 1947 and the Aldeburgh Festival the following year , partly ( though by no means solely ) to perform his own works .
The following table lists chemicals that had previously been classified as vitamins , as well as the earlier names of vitamins that later became part of the B-complex : Previous nameEvery Vitamin Page All Vitamins and Pseudo-Vitamins .
The Bezirke generally provide only administration and court organization .
French is the only official language although the Tahitian language ( Reo Tahiti ) is widely spoken .
Sommerfeld died in 1951 in Munich from injuries after a traffic accident while walking with his grandchildren .
Rildo da Costa Menezes , also known as Rildo ( born in Recife , January 23 , 1942 ) was a former Brazilian footballer , one of the all-time best defender lateral for Santos F.C. with Dalmo and Geraldino .
His father , Dick Zimmer , was a Republican congressman from New Jersey from 1991 through 1997 .
Evolutionary suicide is an evolutionary mechanism where adaptation at the level of the individual results in a situation where the entire population goes extinct .
'' Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is an acclaimed episode which dealt with censorship issues and allowed the writers to have a lot of Itchy & Scratchy cartoons , which many fans had been clamoring for .
The arena is home to the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , and the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) .
The palace is a complex of buildings , comprising the Papal Apartments , some of the Catholic Church 's government offices , a handful of chapels , the Vatican Museums and the Vatican Library .
Before the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final in Berlin , Zidane was awarded the Golden Ball as the best player of the competition . Having already announced he was to retire after the expiration of his Real Madrid contract at the end of the 2005 - 06 season , the world of football already knew Zidane 's second World Cup final was to be the last match of his career .
Mercury ( I ) fluoride or mercurous fluoride is the chemical compound composed of mercury and fluorine with the formula Hg2F2 .
George A. Meyer ( born 1956 ) is an American producer and writer .
Below is a list of the 25 states of Sudan organized by their original provinces under British rule .
The lyre is similar in appearance to a small harp , but with certain distinct differences .
Yusuke Omi ( born December 26 , 1946 ) is a former Japanese football player .
In 2000 , the Tate Gallery transformed itself into the current-day Tate , which consists of a federation of four museums : Tate Britain which displays the collection of British art from 1500 to the present day ; Tate Modern which is also in London , houses the Tate 's collection of British and International Modern and Contemporary Art from 1900 to the present day .
The British Rail Class 421 ( or 4Cig ) electrical multiple units were built at BR York Works between 1964 and 1972 .
Bauxite was named after the village Les Baux in southern France , where it was first recognized as containing aluminium and named by the French geologist Pierre Berthier in 1821 .
In a few special cases , an unreleased album may qualify for an advance article if there is sufficient verifiable and properly referenced information about it- for example , Guns ` n Roses ' 2008 album Chinese Democracy had an article as early as 2004 .
Oviedo ( Asturian : Uviéu ) is the capital city of the Principality of Asturias in northern Spain .
Most Haunted features a main presenter , a historian , a psychic medium and a parapsychologist .
Shock ( mechanics )
WenceslausWenzel 6 December 1370 15 May 1388 Brother of Rudolf II .
A superscalar processor is sort of a mixture of the two .
Many Scottish credit unions are represented by the Scottish League of Credit Unions ( SLCU ) which has headquarters in Glasgow ; however the majority of larger credit unions choose ABCUL .
August 15 & ndash ; Portuguese merchant Fernao Pires de Andrade meets Ming Dynasty Chinese officials through an interpreter at the Pearl River estuary and lands at what is now in the jurisdiction of Hong Kong .
When the manic behaviors have gone , long-term treatment then focuses on prophylactic treatment to try to stabilize the patient 's mood , typically through a combination of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy .
This study can be limited to one language or can cover more than one language at the same time ( multilingual terminology , bilingual terminology , and so forth ) or may focus on studies of terms across fields .
Saint-Pierre-des-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
According to the Treaty of Westminster ending the First Anglo-Dutch War of 1652 -- 1654 Run should have been returned to England .
Since then many use online pharmacies in India , South Africa and other countries where drug prices are lower than in Canada .
Much of the railway network already exists as part of the Eurasian Land Bridge , although some significant gaps remain .
They probably also share a common history .
Hiroyuki Omata ( born September 1 , 1983 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Cerezo Osaka .
As the team had ended up second in UEFA_Cup_2007 -- 08 # Group_A in front of later champion Zenit St. Petersburg after defeating Rapid Bucure ti in UEFA_Cup_2007 -- 08 # First_round head coach Hans Meyer was allowed to restructure the team , e.g. buying Jan Koller .
Gordola ( ) is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Cold War ( , 1945 -- 1991 ) was the continuing state of political conflict , military tension , proxy wars , and propaganda campaigns between two camps , the Soviet Union and its satellite states , and United States and its allies .
Aragon & ndash ; James I King of Aragon and count of Barcelona ( reigned from 1213 to 1276 )
Masanori Kizawa ( born June 2 , 1969 ) is a retired Japanese football player .
Gianpiero Combi ( November 20 , 1902 , Turin , Piedmont - August 12 , 1956 ) was one of Italian football 's greatest goalkeepers of all-time .
Yoshiaki Ota is a Japanese football currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
In 1947 , the United Nations decided the United States would administer Palau as part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands .
The storm caused at least 163 direct deaths along its path , primarily in Hispaniola , due to flooding and mudslides .
Light rail or light rail transit ( LRT ) is a form of urban rail public transportation that generally has a lower capacity and lower speed than heavy rail and metro systems , but higher capacity and higher speed than traditional street-running tram systems .
The Azad Pakistan Party was a leftist Pakistani party founded in November 1949 by Mian Iftikharuddin , an ex-Congressite and a member of the Muslim League that founded Pakistan .
Following the war he worked as a journalist , editing the Evansville Daily Journal from 1865 to 1869 .
No cities that have been designated by government ordinance have later lost this status .
Designed and built by the Zeppelin Company ( Luftschiffbau Zeppelin GmbH ) on the shores of the Bodensee ( Lake Constance ) in Friedrichshafen , the airship flew from March 1936 until destroyed by fire 14 months later on May 6 , 1937 , at the end of the first North American transatlantic journey of its second season of service .
Luchegorsk is the largest settlement in the Far Eastern Federal District without a town status .
Hiroshima is the title of a magazine article written by Pulitzer winner John Hersey that appeared in The New Yorker in August 1946 , one year after the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima , Japan , at 8:15 a.m. , August 6 , 1945 .
Hurricane Lisa never affected land and no damage was reported at sea .
Initial uptake of UHF television was very slow : Differing propagation characteristics between VHF and UHF meant new additional transmitters needed to be built , often at different locations to the then-established VHF sites , and generally with a larger number of relay stations to fill the greater number of gaps in coverage that came with the new band .
Jared Mason Diamond ( born September 10 , 1937 ) is an American scientist and author whose work draws from a variety of fields .
Their aim was to force the western powers to allow the Soviet zone to start supplying Berlin with food and fuel , thereby giving the Soviets practical control over the entire city .
Hunza Blog by Professor Dave Petley , Durham University , England
Alternative Songs ( formerly Modern Rock Tracks and Hot Modern Rock Tracks ) is a music chart in the United States that has appeared in Billboard magazine since September 10 , 1988 .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer (/O1952/O) , and professor (/O1962/O) .
It covers approximately 571 km ( 208 mi ) of total area .
Organization Phi Beta Kappa National Education Association Honors 2007 Space Camp Hall of Fame Inaugural Inductee 1999 Outstanding Teacher Preparation Candidate at Central Washington University .
Guided by Voices ' recording career began with a stream of self-financed , independent releases including Devil Between My Toes , Sandbox , Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia , and Same Place The Fly Got Smashed .
The program was briefly aired but was pulled off the air for revision .
Louches is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Phenix City is a city and the county seat in Russell County in the U.S. state of Alabama .
The policy was introduced in 1978 and initially applied to first-born children in the year of 1979 . It was created by the Chinese government to alleviate social , economic , and environmental problems in China , and authorities claim that the policy has prevented between 250 and 300 million births from its implementation until 2000 , and 400 million births from 1979 to 2010 .
The block is cut along the grain of the wood ( unlike wood engraving where the block is cut in the end-grain ) .
In 2004 , he won an Ivor Novello Award for Best Composer of the Year .
Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona due to flooding .
Currently , the only year-round residents are defense personnel although a variety of conservation workers , volunteers and scientists spend time there in the summer months .
Restrictions were imposed on the advertisement of tobacco products , enacted on 7 December 1941 and signed by Heinrich Hunke , the President of the Advertising Council .
Buix is a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
According to Roberts , Seth described himself as an '' energy personality essence no longer focused in physical reality '' , who was independent of Roberts ' subconscious .
The Grand Canyon is a steep-sided canyon carved by the Colorado River in the United States in the state of Arizona .
A discrete automaton is a mathematical model for a finite state machine ( FSM ) .
If a '' hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
Tularemia ( also known as Pahvant Valley plague , rabbit fever , deer fly fever , Ohara 's fever ) is a serious infectious disease caused by the bacterium Francisella tularensis .
A series of floods hit Australia , beginning in December 2010 , primarily in the state of Queensland including its capital city , Brisbane .
A member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame since 2001 ( his induction speech was given by longtime fan Keith Richards ) , Burton has also been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame .
The film dealt with the issue of child-camel jockeys illegally trafficked from the third world into the numerous Arab oildoms .
Condé - sur-Suippe is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was fought between the forces of Octavian and the combined forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra VII .
Columbia County was created in 1832 .
The Indianapolis Colts are a professional American football team based in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Eiken is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Notes
He was a Candidate for the World Chess Championship on eight occasions ( 1948 , 1950 , 1953 , 1956 , 1959 , 1965 , 1983 , and 1985 ) .
Harold Fredrick Shipman ( 14 January 1946 -- 13 January 2004 ) was a convicted English serial killer .
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
Alfons Schuhbeck born on May 2 , 1949 in Traunstein , Upper Bavaria , Germany is one of Germany 's top chefs , as well as being a restaurateur , celebrity chef , author and businessman .
The Queen 's Hall was a classical music concert hall in Central London , England , opened in 1893 and was beloved by Londoners until its destruction by an incendiary bomb in 1941 .
The total area of the islets is about 187,450 square metres ( 46 acres ) , with their highest point at 169 metres on the West Islet ( 554 ft ) .
Early art career Yuhuan was an only son of Aixinjueluo Pu Shu Ming who has lived in the Prince Gong Mansion for some time after the Qing Dynasty was overruled .
Other mosque bombings in Iraq , both before and after the February 2006 bombing , have been part of the conflict between the country 's groups of Muslims .
It lives in grasslands and desert areas in India , Bangladesh and parts of Iran and Pakistan .
Bowditch , 2003:799 .
A line or queue of people waiting in a queue area
Lutz Taufer March 1944 - Lutz Taufer had links with the SPK and he protested against the supposed torture of political prisoners in the Federal Republic in 1974 .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice ( Becky ) and Jessica Ellis ( Milly ) on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody , and for their roles as Annabelle '' Annie '' and Isabelle '' Izzy '' Woods in Legally Blondes .
Alp Arslan bin Chaghri 1063 -- 1072
Irregular sleep-wake pattern , which presents as sleeping at very irregular times , and usually more than once per day ( waking frequently during the night and taking naps during the day ) but with total time asleep typical for the person 's age .
Commercial and subsistence fishers '' hunt '' fish in wild fisheries ( see fishing ) or '' farm '' them in ponds or in cages in the ocean ( see aquaculture ) .
George Alan Cleveland ( September 17 , 1885 -- July 15 , 1957 ) was a Canadian film actor .
A payment is the transfer of wealth from one party ( such as a person or company ) to another .
His work frequently employed settings from rural life in New England in the early twentieth century , using them to examine complex social and philosophical themes .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
However , most other nautilus species never exceed 20 cm .
Composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a theme song for official functions of the City Council of Singapore , the song was selected in 1959 as the island 's anthem when it attained self-government .
The following season , Thompson joined the Minneapolis Millers of the American Hockey Association ( AHA ) .
Doge of Venucci , a character from the video game Rise of Nations : Rise of Legends .
She was the elder sister of John Philip Kemble , Charles Kemble , Stephen Kemble , Ann Hatton and Elizabeth Whitlock .
It is regarded as one of the supreme masterpieces of the Early Renaissance .
The Giant Panda 's closest ursine relative is the Spectacled Bear of South America .
Other common names are long-tailed field mouse , field mouse , common field mouse , and European wood mouse .
Rubus is a large genus of flowering plants in the rose family , Rosaceae , subfamily Rosoideae .
Conuropsis , from '' Conurus '' , an obsolete name of the genus Aratinga ( cf .
Italy is invaded by Charles VIII of France .
Energy efficiency and renewable energy are said to be the twin pillars of sustainable energy .
Rosé was first violin throughout .
He was born in Leipzig , Kingdom of Saxony .
The company was formerly known as ntl : Telewest following the merger of NTL Incorporated with Telewest Global , Inc. . A further merger with Virgin Mobile UK in 2006 created the first '' quadruple-play '' media company in the United Kingdom , bringing together television , Internet , mobile phone and fixed-line telephone services .
Tsar Peter I of Russia ( 1682 & ndash ; 1725 ) .
The RSDLP later split into Bolshevik and Menshevik factions , with the Bolsheviks eventually becoming the Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
Kaurareg People v State of Queensland (/O2001/O) , Federal Court report at AustLII
They use visual signals to communicate with other members of the same species .
Iodine pentoxide is the chemical compound with the formula I2O5 .
The Mamluks from Egypt complete their conquest of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia .
Most places in the ocean usually experience two high tides and two low tides each day ( semidiurnal tide ) , but some locations experience only one high and one low tide each day ( diurnal tide ) .
In Asia , they are harvested commercially for food for humans and domesticated animals .
He formed the name '' Debian '' as a combination of the first name of his then girlfriend Debra Lynn and his own first name .
Kakihara realizes Ichi can not hurt him and inserts skewers into his ears to drown out Ichi 's cries .
In 2007 , Game Factory released two video games based on the show ; Code Lyoko for the Nintendo DS and Code Lyoko : Quest for Infinity for the Wii , the PSP , and PlayStation 2 . A second DS game , Code Lyoko : Fall of X.A.N.A. , was released in June 2008 .
It is a complex system of moral , social , political , philosophical , and quasi-religious thought that has had tremendous influence on the culture and history of East Asia .
Three days after meeting with Jon Anderson and Chris Squire , White played at the first show of the group 's US Close to the Edge tour .
The earliest Egyptian pyramids were step pyramids . During the Third dynasty of Egypt , the architect Imhotep built Egypt 's first step pyramid , the Pyramid of Djoser , by building a series of six successively smaller mastabas ( an earlier form of tomb structure ) , one a top of another .
Abdul Qadeer Khan ( ; born April 1 , 1936 ) in Bhopal , undivided British India , is a Pakistani scientist and metallurgical engineer .
Herne , Belgium
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
The districts of Germany are known as state circles , German : , except in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Schleswig-Holstein where they are known simply as circles , German : ( singulars : and ) .
Holy Basil , also called ` Tulsi ' ( or Tulas in Marathi ) , is highly revered in Hinduism and also has religious significance in the Greek Orthodox Church , where it is used to prepare holy water .
The effect is named after Pygmalion , a Cypriot sculptor in a narrative by Ovid in Greek mythology , who fell in love with a female statue he had carved out of ivory .
The Nizam could eat seven kulchas and the holy man then prophesied that seven generations of his family would rule the state .
Takuro Nishimura ( born August 15 , 1977 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
They are also kept and bred by aviculturists and often displayed in zoos .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did n't see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light ; colour resulted from this interaction of light and shadow .
Uniform numbers are placed behind baseball uniforms and sometimes on the both the backs and fronts of uniforms .
The Platypus is an excellent swimmer and spends much of its time in the water foraging for food .
In an effect reminiscent of the earliest Cybermen 's mouths snapping open while speaking , the new Cybermen have a blue light in their '' mouths '' ( or '' teeth '' ) which blinks in synchronisation with their speech .
In vacuum tubes ( including cathode ray tubes ) it is the negative terminal where electrons flow in from the wiring and through the tube 's near vacuum , constituting a positive current flowing out of the device .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassini -- Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Saturn ( Latin : Saturnus ) was a major Roman god of agriculture and harvest .
After this , and Cyrus 's failure to defeat the player , most of Team Galactic disappears including Cyrus himself .
Sexual abstinence is the practice of refraining from some or all aspects of sexual activity for medical , psychological , legal , social or religious reasons .
This allowed the Royal Australian Navy to relocate them to other countries ( Papua New Guinea 's Manus Island , and Nauru ) as part of the so-called Pacific Solution .
The first recording sessions were undertaken in Pelissier 's attic , where the songs '' Our Lady of Sorrows '' ( formerly called '' Bring More Knives '' ) and '' Cubicles '' were recorded .
The Arizona Diamondbacks are a professional baseball team based in Phoenix , Arizona .
Finally , the Late Cretaceous Period , the greatest abundance and diversity of dinosaurs of all time lived in North America .
Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Human cases today are very rare and most often contracted from domestic cats .
They subsequently studied with the Alban Berg QuartetErica Jeal , '' Belcea Quartet\/Erben '' .
Some historians believe Rommel also had a relationship with Walburga Stemmer in 1913 , which allegedly produced a daughter , Gertrud .
Although its history is marked by economic hardship , South Australia has remained politically innovative and culturally vibrant .
In 1811 , Huntsville became the first incorporated town in Alabama .
Nature 445:422 -425 The dates derived show that all forms of megafauna became extinct in the same rapid timeframe -- approximately 47,000 years ago -- the period of time in which humans first arrived in Australia .
The Kashmiri people ( ) are a Dardic ethnic group living in the region of Kashmir who speak the Kashmiri language .
In Indian English , the word '' capsicum '' is used exclusively for Capsicum annuum .
From 1998 to 2007 , the Blue Peter Prom , in partnership with long-running BBC television programme Blue Peter , was an annual fixture .
Florence is a city in and the county seat of Lauderdale County , Alabama , United States , in the northwestern corner of the state .
Willis was married to actress Demi Moore and they had three daughters , before their divorce in 2000 after thirteen years of marriage .
North Carolina Counties Map Its capital is Raleigh , and its largest city is Charlotte .
ISBN 0-914-86821-7 .
Opus Dei , formally known as The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei , is an organization of the Roman Catholic Church that teaches the Catholic belief that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to sanctity .
Other famous destinations include the Police Barracks known as Les Casernes and the Port Louis Waterfront .
The bass ranges are written from middle C to A an octave higher , but sound one octave lower than written . The second type of xylophone used is the alto xylophone .
The Gettysburg National Cemetery is located on Cemetery Hill in the Gettysburg Battlefield near the borough of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania and adjacent to Evergreen Cemetery ( Gettysburg , Pennsylvania ) to the south .
The Manchester Ship Canal is a long river navigation in North West England .
Pages on proposed deletion or deletion discussion ( see below ) are still subject to speedy deletion , which overrides the other process .
Because Lower Egypt was mostly undeveloped scrubland , undeveloped for human life and filled with all types of plant life such as grasses and herbs , the organization of the nomes underwent several changes .
Mount Carmel is also the home of Wabash Valley College , part of the Community College System of Eastern Illinois .
Greenberg also wrote another game series , Star Saga .
Changing the default styles is not recommended , but is possible .
Phenix is a town in Charlotte County , Virginia , United States .
Nyaya or logics
Tupelo is a city in Coal County , Oklahoma , United States .
Ilocos collectively refers to two provinces in the Philippines : Ilocos Norte and Ilocos Sur .
It has been influenced by many other languages like Arabic language .
Pedro Virgilio Rocha Franchetti ( born 3 December 1942 in Salto ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played 52 games for the Uruguay national team between 1961 and 1974 rsssf : Uruguay record international footballers .
The intestines of suckling lamb are preferred .
His other starring roles in Hollywood include Seven , L.A. Confidential , Pay It Forward , and Superman Returns in a career which has earned him several Emmy and Golden Globe nominations .
The soap was created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell as a sister show to their other soap opera The Young and the Restless .
The book presents the author 's composite account of what it is like to die .
Hino District , Tottori
The Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway 's 1948 operating rules define a train as : '' An engine or more than one engine coupled , with or without cars , displaying markers . ''
Javier Iruretagoyena Amiano ( born April 1 , 1948 ) , Irureta for short , is a former Spanish footballer , and a current manager .
Neptune has been visited by only one spacecraft , Voyager 2 , which flew by the planet on August 25 , 1989 .
He is thought to have written the classic children 's tale The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes , the source of the phrase '' goody two-shoes '' .
Actor David Niven claimed Kirriemuir as his birthplace , but was actually born in London .
Among them are the well-known deer mice , white-footed mice , packrats , and grasshopper mice .
He was a first-choice defender but had to be transferred due to club 's financial difficulties .
He has attended management studies courses at Harvard University .
Bex is a municipality in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland , located in the district of Aigle .
Smoke grenades generally emit a far larger amount of smoke than smoke bombs that are sold as fireworks .
Department of Physics
He previously played for Odense Boldklub , and was named 2008 Danish U-17 Talent of the Year , before signing for Ajax in October 2008 .
Phil Collen , former guitarist with the glam band Girl , replaced Pete Willis , who was fired on 11 July 1982 , due to excessive alcohol consumption on the job .
Arguably the most famous Japanese ghost story of all time , it has been adapted for film over 30 times , and continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today .
Tectonically they are located on the Halmahera Plate within the Molucca Sea Collision Zone .
Fort Campbell is a United States Army installation located astraddle the Kentucky-Tennessee border between Hopkinsville , Kentucky , and Clarksville , Tennessee .
The truth table of ~ A oplus B ( also written as A , mathrm { XOR } , B or A neq B ) is as follows :
Michael Collins ( born October 31 , 1930 in Rome , Italy ) is a former American astronaut and test pilot .
Since its original album release , '' A Day in the Life '' has been released as a B-side , and also on various compilation albums .
Thrissur is also known as the Cultural Capital of Kerala because of its cultural , spiritual and religious leanings towards history . It houses the Kerala Sangeetha Nadaka Academy , Kerala Lalita Kala Akademi and Kerala Sahitya Academy .
James Ramsay MacDonald , PC , FRS ( 12 October 1866 - 9 November 1937 ) was a British Labor politician , who served two separate terms as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
There is a lot of human uses for fibers .
Central Japan Railway Company
The position of royal printmaker was public office , and thereby also made her the first female official in Sweden .
In several variations of Australopithecus there is a considerable degree of sexual dimorphism , in this case males being larger than females .
Saint-Venant is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
North Lauderdale is located at .
Alpha was the first tropical storm to be assigned a Greek-alphabet name after the list of hurricane names was exhausted .
Troy is a 2004 war drama film concerning the Trojan War .
The party ultimately nominated the former civil rights campaigner Austin Currie , a respected new TD and former minister in Brian Faulkner 's power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland from 1973 - 74 .
David Michael Letterman ( born April 12 , 1947 ) is an American television host and comedian .
A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons , belongs to the Sergeants ' Mess , and is considered senior to '' normal '' Corporals ; however , for practical purposes he remains a Corporal rather than an acting Sergeant ( e.g. , he will typically command a section ) .
ISBN 0-88391-016-0 According to Roberts and Butts , on December 2 , 1963 they began to receive coherent messages from a male personality who eventually identified himself as Seth .
The name ( and often the locale or provenance ) of the dish
north-east of Dortmund and south-west of Hamm .
Lorne won the 1935 Vezina Trophy for being the league 's best goaltender .
The World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) . It is the world title of the Raw brand and one of two in WWE , complementing the World Heavyweight Championship of the SmackDown brand .
Urartian , Vannic , and ( in older literature ) Chaldean are conventional names for the language spoken by the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom of Urartu that was located in the region of Lake Van , with its capital near the site of the modern town of Van , in the Armenian Highland , modern-day Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Henry Purcell ( ; 10 September 1659 ( ? ) - 21 November 1695 ) , was an English organist and Baroque composer of secular and sacred music .
Orthophosphoric acid molecules can combine with themselves to form a variety of compounds which are also referred to as phosphoric acids , but in a more general way .
He is also best known in Animation as the Mad Scientist Dr. Animo in the Ben 10 series , and Chef Mung Daal in the children 's cartoon Chowder .
The New York Giants are an American football team based in East Rutherford , New Jersey , representing the New York City metropolitan area .
But after Beethoven 's Moonlight Sonata , the key became more frequent in the piano repertoire .
Another frequent accompanist was the tenor saxophonist Lester Young , who had been a boarder at her mother 's house in 1934 and with whom Holiday had a special rapport .
Hadrian was born Publius Aelius Hadrianus to a ethnically Italian family in Italica near Seville .
The advantages of the Persian lime in commercial agriculture compared to the Key lime are the larger size , absence of seeds , hardiness , absence of thorns on the bushes , and longer fruit shelf life .
Gabriel Popescu ( born 25 December 1973 ) is a Romanian footballer .
The latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .
As of the census of 2000 , there are 38,577 people ( although recent census figures show the population has grown to about 40,000 ) , 19,418 households , and 6,835 families residing in the city .
User : Example/Lipsum is an example of a user subpage , named Lipsum , for user Example .
Free were an English rock band , formed in London in 1968 , best known for their 1970 signature song '' All Right Now '' .
Winnie-the-Pooh is a fictional bear created by A. A. Milne .
Realizing that Monroe remained in her dressing room due to stage fright , and that Hawks was growing impatient with her tardiness , Russell started escorting her to the set .
During World War I , the medal was awarded to military personnel , units above the level of company and civilians for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy .
It was released in Japan on January 21 , 1999 , in North America on April 26 , 1999 , and in Europe on November 19 , 1999 .
These developments - re-evaluation of the entire Western value system ( love , marriage , popular culture , shift from industrial to service economy ) that took place since the 1950s and 1960s , with a peak in the Social Revolution of 1968 - are described with the term Postmodernity , as opposed to Postmodernism , a term referring to an opinion or movement .
The European Space Agency ( ESA ) , established in 1975 , is an intergovernmental organisation dedicated to the exploration of space , currently with 18 member states .
Arnold Scholten ( born December 5 , 1962 in Den Bosch , North Brabant ) is a retired football midfielder from the Netherlands .
The song '' What You Crying For '' is influenced by drum and bass , a type of electronic dance music .
After years of working at the record company , she began her music career and released her first single '' My Boobs Are OK .
Boulages is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
French Guiana also sends two senators to the French Senate .
The Yas Marina Circuit is located on Yas Island -- a 2550 h island on the east coast of Abu Dhabi -- and the 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was the first major event to take place on the circuit .
Several women have falsely claimed to have been Anastasia , the most notorious of whom was Anna Anderson .
Claude Earl '' Chuck '' Rayner ( b. August 11 , 1920 in Sutherland , Saskatchewan - d. October 5 , 2002 ) was a Canadian professional hockey goaltender who played 9 seasons in the National Hockey League for the New York Americans and New York Rangers .
Bagpuss is a 1974 UK children 's television series , made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms .
Literacy47 .76 % (/O2001/O)
Edmund persuades Peter to join battle with the Witch 's forces .
Berchtold served in the First World War and held the rank of second lieutenant at the end of the war .
The Rising was mounted by Irish republicans with the aims of ending British rule in Ireland and establishing the Irish Republic .
The league was divided into four divisions , and the top four teams in each of the divisions advanced to the playoffs .
Women may experience fewer typical symptoms than men , most commonly shortness of breath , weakness , a feeling of indigestion , and fatigue .
Vassens is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The DVD features My Chemical Romance 's final performance as '' The Black Parade '' from the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City , Mexico on October 7 , 2007 and as '' My Chemical Romance '' from Maxwell 's in Hoboken , New Jersey , on October 24 , 2007 .
The Earth 's motion was described in Newcomb 's Tables of the Sun ( 1895 ) , which provide a formula estimating the motion of the Sun relative to the epoch 1900 based on astronomical observations made between 1750 and 1892 .
Ivan , along with his brothers and sisters , obtained new family names while attending the theological seminary .
Mount Vesuvius ( in Italian Monte Vesuvio and in Latin Mons Vesuvius ) is a stratovolcano east of Naples , Italy .
The '' Cookies and Cream '' ice cream uses sweet cream ice cream and chocolate wafer cookies of any type .
Korea was under Japanese rule as part of Japan 's 35-year imperialist expansion ( 22 August 1910 to 15 August 1945 ) .
He wears a slightly modified version of his uncle 's helmet .
Darren Stuart Middleton ( born 4 October 1971 ) is an Australian lead guitarist for alternative rock band Powderfinger .
Humans and many other animals lack an enzyme to break the beta-linkages , so they do not digest cellulose .
The largest in terms of area covered is Mauna Loa of Hawai'i ; the tallest measured from its base under the ocean , however , is Mauna Kea of Hawai'i .
The Danube flows into the Black Sea within Romania 's territory forming the Danube Delta , the second largest and the best preserved delta in Europe , and a biosphere reserve and a biodiversity World Heritage Site .
