Freenet is a decentralized , censorship-resistant distributed data store originally designed by Ian Clarke .
The rail network consists of about 32,000 km of route , of which 1,800 km is high-speed line and 14,500 km electrified .
The debate exists solely in philosophy since it is essentially settled in scientific circles .
Mengelberg died in 1951 just before the end of his sentence , thus never conducting the orchestra after 1945 .
He is also a founding member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council for Sustainable Energy and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Energy and Environmental Systems , the Climate Institute , and the Environmental and Energy Study Institute .
Trio ( jazz ) ( piano , double bass , drums )
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
This technique makes the code longer for each iteration of a loop , but saves the computation time required for jumping back to the beginning of the loop at the end of each iteration .
Both stations broadcast on an Internet audio stream ( no broadcast signals are available in Columbus ) .
It came into being on 15 July 2007The French law was passed in February 2007 , but the new status came in force once the local assemblies elected , with second leg of the vote on 15th July 2007 .
The town is bounded on the north by the municipalities of Angat and Pandi ; portion of San Jose del Monte City on the south ; Norzagaray and other portions of San Jose del Monte on the east ; and the municipalities of Marilao and Bocaue on the western side .
is an enhanced remake of the 1996 Nintendo 64 , platform game Super Mario 64 , produced by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
A myth taken from the Greek Eos by Roman poets tells that one of her lovers was the prince of Troy , Tithonus .
Oceanside , California , United States '' Chris Thile : Covering the Bases '' .
January 1 -- Marseille in France and Ko ice in Slovakia become European Capitals of Culture .
See also History of Italy during Roman times Italus References Geographical spaces in Roman history ( Italian ) Map of the Roman state c. 400 ( Compilation ` notitia dignitatum ' ) External links De Reditu , poem by Rutilius Claudius Namatianus , at The Latin Library , describing the decadence of Italia and Rome around 410 .
Western Front
A louver ( American English ) or louvre ( British English ) , from the French l'ouvert ; '' the open one '' ) is a window , blind or shutter with horizontal or , less often , vertical slats , that are angled to admit light and air , but to keep out rain , direct sunshine , and noise .
A steel-gray metal , tungsten is found in several ores , including wolframite and scheelite .
Founded at the behest of Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields , the medal was first awarded in 1936 , to Finnish mathematician Lars Ahlfors and American mathematician Jesse Douglas , and has been regularly awarded since 1950 .
Non-vascular plants have no roots , stems , or leaves , since each of these structures is defined by containing vascular tissue .
Lamentations was certified Gold in Canada .
Charsadda ( Pashto : ) is a town and headquarters of Charsadda District , in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The Maryland in Liberia colony remained apart , as the state colonization society wished to maintain its trade monopoly in the area .
All over the U.S.A. 30 million ( 14 % of adults ) are unable to perform simple and everyday literacy activities .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
Knut made his big screen debut in the German film Knut und seine Freunde ( Knut and His Friends ) , which premiered in Berlin on 2 March 2008 .
The film was released in the United States in 1967 and is the second part of what is commonly known as the '' Man with No Name '' trilogy .
Vladislav ( Vlad ) Nikolayevich Listyev ( May 10 , 1956 - March 1 , 1995 ) was a Russian journalist and head of the ORT TV Channel ( now government-owned Channel One ) .
Friendship is a village in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
A Reed -- Solomon symbol size of eight bits forces the longest codeword length to be 255 symbols .
As part of this process , the East Pacific Rise propagated up the middle of the Gulf along the seabed . This extension of the East Pacific Rise is often referred to as the Gulf of California Rift Zone .
Southampton Corporation Tramways were in operation from 1879 to 1949 .
In 1912 , he became chorister at the Rouen Cathedral Choir School , where he studied piano and organ with Jules Haelling .
One of Microsoft 's arguments during the trial was that removing Internet Explorer from Windows may result in system instability .
Bacterial meningitis refers to meningitis that is caused by bacterial infection .
Naomi Klein , Canadian journalist , author and activist
Many of Waugh 's novels depict British aristocracy and high society , which he satirises but to which he was also strongly attracted .
A full UK tour followed from October 2007 , culminating in a sell-out show at the Roundhouse venue in London .
At the 2006 census , Beveridge and the surrounding area had a population of 1,192 .
At Extreme Rules , Hardy defeated Edge to win the World Heavyweight Championship in a ladder match . Immediately after the match , however , CM Punk cashed in his Money in the Bank briefcase , which gave him a guaranteed world championship match at any time he wanted , and defeated Hardy to win the championship .
The term Webmail ( or Web-based e-mail ) is used to describe two things . One use of the word is to describe a Webmail client : an email client implemented as a web application accessed via a web browser .
Department of Mathematics
He was the sole anchor of ABC 's World News Tonight from 1983 until his death in 2005 of complications from lung cancer .
Although the rise of Impressionism in France happened at a time when a number of other painters , including the Italian artists known as the Macchiaioli , and Winslow Homer in the United States , were also exploring plein-air painting , the Impressionists developed new techniques that were specific to the movement .
a tropical disturbance formed on September 9 and became Tropical Depression Fourteen-E later that day .
Highland Heights is a city in Campbell County , Kentucky , United States .
Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards for her performance , beating out Mike Myers , Colin Farrell , Willem Dafoe and Daniel Day-Lewis .
The Salt Lake Tabernacle , also known as the Mormon Tabernacle , is located on Temple Square in Salt Lake City , Utah along with the Salt Lake Assembly Hall and Salt Lake Temple .
Brechin City Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Brechin , Angus .
It may also be ` combined with other leitmotifs to suggest a new dramatic condition ' or development .
Habay is a municipality of Belgium .
The town is surrounded by many small villages that retain their original charm ( examples of these are Danbury , Writtle , Good and High Easter , Roxwell , Mashbury , Chignal Smealy , Broomfield , Great and Little Baddow , Great and Little Waltham , Howe Street , other notable examples include Pleshey and Bicknacre ) .
Cenotes are surface connections to subterranean water bodies .
The UK version , hosted by Anne Robinson , voiced by Jon Briggs reached its 1,000 th episode on 18 December 2006 .
In 2007 , Apple released iWork ' 08 , which contained a new spreadsheet application , Numbers .
Towns in the county of Hertfordshire in southern England .
DGamer is accessible via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection or computer via the DGamer Channel on Disney.com .
The King of Queens is an American sitcom that ran for nine seasons , from 1998 to 2007 .
In Kane 's quest , he participated in his fourth Money in the Bank ladder match at WWE 's Money in the Bank .
Dog drivers , however , have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs .
In legend , Urashima Tar visited Ry g - j for seven days .
He is also active as a teacher , piano accompanist and choral singer .
The road is not entirely accessible for cars , even Jeeps .
By enrollment , the three largest undergraduate units are the College of Literature , Science , and the Arts , the College of Engineering , and the Ross School of Business .
Rochetrejoux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
For his ` services to music in Canada ' , he was knighted in 1935 by King George V . In 1969 he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada .
Dvorak classifications began on October 14 , and by late October 15 the surface circulation in the system became well-enough defined , with sufficiently organized deep convection , for the National Hurricane Center to designate the system as Tropical Depression Twenty-Four while located about 220 miles ( 345 km ) east-southeast of Grand Cayman .
Vortex may also refer to :
Early life Michael Ellis DeBakey was born as Michel DabaghiAccording to the American Lebanese Medical Association ( ALMA ) in Lake Charles , Louisiana , to Maronite Lebanese immigrants Shaker and Raheeja Dabaghi ( later Anglicized to DeBakey ) .
The city of Amritsar city lies in a depression in this tract .
She then became the first priestess of Demeter .
Members of an alliance can use the ACS ( Alliance Combat System ) , available in some universes , to synchronize fleet movements and missions with members of the same alliance and temporarily deploy a fleet on an ally 's planet .
After Charles VIII of France invaded Florence in 1494 , the ruling Medici were overthrown and Savonarola emerged as the new leader of the city , combining in himself the role of leader and priest .
Cities Fourteen cities are located in Mie Prefecture : Iga Inabe Ise Kameyama Kumano Kuwana Matsusaka Nabari Owase Shima Suzuka Toba Tsu ( capital ) Yokkaichi Towns and villages These are the towns and villages in each district .
Seas include Gulf of Aden , Andaman Sea , Arabian Sea , Bay of Bengal , Great Australian Bight , Laccadive Sea , Gulf of Mannar , Mozambique Channel , Gulf of Oman , Persian Gulf , Red Sea , and other tributary water bodies .
II ( Hens and Roosters )
Dutch government takes over Dutch East India Company .
However , up to about 1532 his prints were monogrammed ` HSP ' , reflecting the Nuremberg pronunciation of his name : Peham .
Arns died on January 12 , 2010 as a result of the 2010 Haiti earthquake .
The Melbourne City Centre ( also known as the '' Central Business District '' or '' CBD '' ) is the hub of the greater geographical area ( or '' metropolitan area '' ) and the Census statistical division -- of which '' Melbourne '' is the common name .
The mini-album debuted at # 10 on the Korean music charts and peaked at # 8 , selling 17,957 copies in the first half of 2008 .
Cheung and Tse were first reported to be '' getting back together '' in early 2006 and on 31 July 2006 , Tse officially admitted dating Cheung in an interview with Commercial Radio Hong Kong 881/903 .
Select the correct link ( e.g. , '' Phillips , Samuel 1752-1802 '' ) and click on it .
The Victorian era of the United Kingdom was the period of Queen Victoria 's reign from June 1837 to January 1901 .
Penetrant : a harpoon-like structure used to penetrate , such as a nematocyst
Different preparations use the egg white or the whole egg for different effect .
In 1959 , Dodd was named to the University of Tennessee 's Hall of Fame and to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player .
Hilbert discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry .
In 1733 he was organist of St. Sophia 's Church at Dresden , and in 1746 became organist of the Liebfrauenkirche at Halle .
Aranc is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
He founded and led the Estado Novo ( '' New State '' ) , the authoritarian , right-wing government that presided over and controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
Once the liquid has mostly set , additional ingredients such as ham , herbs or cheese ( which have been warmed ) may be folded in over low heat , just until incorporated .
Jonathan is married to Patience Jonathan and has two children .
North Carolina is now ranked as one of the top 3 leading States for Green Technology , Bio-Chemical Engineering , Medical Sciences , and Computer Engineering through the long-range research and development programs of Research Triangle Park ( RTP ) , UNC Chapel Hill , and North Carolina State .
On a nine-hole course , a standard round consists of two successive nine-hole rounds .
The small white flowers , with ten-cleft calyx and corolla , two stamens and bifid stigma , are borne generally on the last year 's wood , in racemes springing from the axils of the leaves .
While Allentown was not as large as neighboring Bethlehem at the time , the local iron industry - which included the Allentown Iron Company ( established 1846 ) and the Allentown Rolling Mills ( established 1860 ) - employed the majority of Allentown 's workforce .
The church of Biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 15th and 16th centuries .
W Virginis stars have clock regular light pulsations and a luminosity relation much like the Cephei variables , so initially they were confused with the latter category .
In winter , both sexes ' plumages become completely white , except for the black tail .
Guests board the Wildlife Express Train for the short trip to and from Planet Watch , which consists of three distinct areas .
Saint-Bandry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Andreas Bernd Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
A military bunker is a hardened shelter , often buried partly or fully underground , designed to protect the inhabitants from falling bombs or other attacks .
Historical records begin in the 10th century , when it adopted the name of the bishop Saint Geminianus , who had defended it from Attila 's Huns .
Lakas Kampi CMD ( Lakas-Kabalikat ng Malayang Pilipino-Christian Muslim Democrats ) is a centrist political party in the Philippines and the current minority party in the country .
However her behavior was now more hostile , and was marked by refusals to participate in filming and occasional outbursts of profanity .
An anchor works by resisting the movement force of the vessel which is attached to it .
The name Eos is cognate to Latin Aurora , to Vedic Ushas .
An important concept in thermodynamics is the system , a precisely defined region of the universe under study .
Locke was awarded a bachelor 's degree in 1656 and a master 's degree in 1658 .
Physiologically , a ruminant is a mammal of the order Artiodactyla that digests plant-based food by initially softening it within the animal 's first stomach , then regurgitating the semi-digested mass , now known as cud , and chewing it again .
Bastille is a French word meaning '' castle '' or '' stronghold '' , or '' bastion '' ; used with a definite article ( la Bastille in French , the Bastille in English ) , it refers to the prison .
Students can be awarded a Bronze Eagle Badge in Phase 1 , a Silver Eagle Badge in Phase 2 , a Gold Eagle Badge in Phase 3 and a Trophy in Phase 4 .
The group rose to public attention with the release of their self-titled debut album in 2004 , from which they gained chart success in Australia , Canada and parts of Europe -- particularly their '' spiritual home '' , the United Kingdom , where Scissor Sisters was the best-selling album of that year -- although not their native United States .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
When Tropical Storm Zeta formed at 0600 UTC on December 31 , it became the second latest-forming tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Atlantic , forming about six hours earlier than Hurricane Alice did in 1954 .
In quantum mechanics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle states by precise inequalities that certain pairs of physical properties , such as position and momentum , can not be simultaneously known to arbitrarily high precision .
Economic reforms since 1991 have transformed it into one of the fastest growing economies , however , it still suffers from high levels of poverty , illiteracy , disease , and malnutrition .
Goo Ha-ra was born on January 13 , 1991 , in Gwangju , South Korea .
He played junior hockey for the Winkler Flyers before going to the University of North Dakota where he helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 -- 87 season .
'' Loud Love '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden . Written by frontman Chris Cornell , '' Loud Love '' was released on August 30 , 1989 as the first single from the band 's second studio album , Louder Than Love ( 1989 ) .
The main characteristic of Spiritism is its emphasis on the study and investigation of the Spiritist Doctrine in its triple aspects , scientific , philosophical and religious ( moral ) .
While passing around 115 mi ( 185 km ) to the southwest of the southwestern most islands , the depression produced a 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) wind gust at Fogo and some rainfall , though no damage was reported .
It was first described in 1975 for specimens in oil shale from the Green River Formation , eastern Uintah County , Utah .
The names jay and magpie are somewhat interchangeable , and the evolutionary relationships are rather complex .
The Odyssey ( album ) , by Symphony X , or the title song ( see below )
Under the first stage , the Baker Street to Stanmore branch of the Bakerloo line was joined at Baker Street to a new 2.5 m segment into central London , with intermediate stops at Bond Street and Green Park and terminating at a new station at Charing Cross , thereby relieving pressure on the West End section of the Bakerloo line between Baker Street and Charing Cross and also allowing increased frequencies on the section north of Baker Street .
The Free Democratic Party ( ) , abbreviated to FDP , is a classical liberal party in Germany .
King has made 25 solo albums , the most successful being Tapestry .
Although Aristotle pioneered the use of the term as a synonym for rule by the rich , for which the exact term is plutocracy , oligarchy is not always a rule by wealth , as oligarchs can simply be a privileged group , and do not have to be connected by bloodlines as in a monarchy .
Abdication ( from the Latin abdicatio , disowning , renouncing , from ab , away from , and dicare , to declare , to proclaim as not belonging to one ) is the act of renouncing and resigning from a formal office , especially from the supreme office of state .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
The series was first revealed to the public in a teaser reel at Comic-Con 2004 , and aired February 21 , 2005 .
Wesley is largely credited , along with his brother Charles Wesley , as founding the Methodist movement which began when he took to open-air preaching in a similar manner to George Whitefield .
'' Turtle '' may either refer to the Testudines as a whole , or to particular Testudines which make up a form taxon that is not monophyletic -- see also sea turtle , terrapin , tortoise , and the discussion below .
The community is named after postmaster Frank W. Slocomb .
His viewpoints and methods of achieving them have led to him been designated as a '' terrorist '' by scholars , journalists from the New York Times , the BBC , and Qatari news station Al Jazeera , analysts such as Peter Bergen , Michael Scheuer , Marc Sageman , and Bruce Hoffman and he was indicted on terrorism charges by law enforcement agencies in Madrid , New York City , and Tripoli .
Quality of articles Articles range greatly in quality , from as high as featured articles to as low as candidates for speedy deletion .
Following the September 11 attacks , the United States overthrew the Taliban government for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden and several al-Qaida members , who were behind these attacks .
When reuniting with the Doctor in the 2007 series , he is verbally warned '' do n't you dare '' when pointing a gun , and scolded when contemplating snapping the Master 's neck .
First written mention of Bryansk .
+ channels ( In early IRCds , these were simply named channels .
His consistent performances in goal led to the re-wording of a common English idiom to '' Safe as the Banks of England '' .
Engineered languages ( engelangs ) , further subdivided into logical languages ( loglangs ) , philosophical languages and experimental languages ; devised for the purpose of experimentation in logic , philosophy , or linguistics ;
The Mozilla Foundation is based in the Silicon Valley city of Mountain View , California , USA .
Frances has also been nominated for the Academy Award For Best Supporting Actress three times for her performances in Mississippi Burning , Almost Famous , and North Country .
Gradually , the borders of Brevard County were shifted northward while the county got '' pinched '' eastward . The portions of Brevard County in present day Broward and Palm Beach counties were given to Dade County , western areas of the county were given to Polk and Osceola County , and parts of Volusia and Orange Counties were given to Brevard including the eventual county seat of Titusville .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel , now more often known just as the Henry VII Chapel , is a large Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey , paid for by the will of Henry VII .
Lucy is very upset at his duplicity .
Gevelsberg is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis , in North Rhine-Westphalia , ( Germany ) .
At the closest distance between Little Diomede and Big Diomede , the two islands are about 3.8 k apart .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
Guerrero partly used this phrase in his autobiography Cheating Death , Stealing Life .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from Peranakan culture also known as Baba and Nyonya , which is a merger of Chinese and Malay elements found in Malaysia and Singapore .
The album was released on March 29 , 1982 through EMI and on its sister label Capitol on the Harvest imprint in the US originally before it was re-released by Sanctuary\/Columbia in the US .
Popejoy is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Of currently existing independent countries , New Zealand was the first to acknowledge women 's right to vote in 1893 when it was a self-governing British colony . Unrestricted women 's suffrage in terms of voting rights ( women were not initially permitted to stand for election ) was adopted in New Zealand in 1893 .
HTTP functions as a request-response protocol in the client-server computing model .
During her journey , she meets a Scarecrow ( Ray Bolger ) , a Tin Man ( Jack Haley ) , and a Cowardly Lion ( Bert Lahr ) , who join her , hoping to receive what they lack themselves ( a brain , a heart , and courage , respectively ) .
Liettres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
But when the perspective shifts to any other character , readers again see merely a stuffed animal , usually seated at an off-kilter angle .
Lucius Aelius Sejanus had served the imperial family for almost twenty years when he became Praetorian Prefect in AD 15 .
An Erlenmeyer , also known as a conical flask , is a widely used type of laboratory flask which features a flat bottom , a conical body , and a cylindrical neck .
The Jets ( band ) , a pop , R&B , dance , and religious music band from Minneapolis , Minnesota , active since 1985 , known for '' You Got It All '' , '' Sendin ' All My Love '' , and '' Rocket 2 U '' ( 1985 & ndash ; 1987 )
K_0 , K_1 , ldots , K _ { n } be the sub-keys for the rounds 0,1 , ldots , n respectively .
Two types of star clusters can be distinguished : globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds of thousands of very old stars which are gravitationally bound , while open clusters , a more loosely clustered group of stars , generally contain less than a few hundred members , and are often very young .
The Kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the Hindu Kush mountains .
Eggs can be pickled , hard-boiled , soft-boiled , scrambled , fried and refrigerated .
Considered by the watches enthusiast as the best traditional watch maker in the world along with Patek Philippe & Co. .
Tomohiko Ikeuchi is a former Japanese football player who played for Kashima Antlers and Consadole Sapporo in the J. League Division 1 .
World Council of Churches The country 's oldest religious minority is the Jewish community , comprising roughly 45,000 people .
The majority of its participants were from marginalised and poor sections of society .
Promotion involves disseminating information about a product , product line , brand , or company .
BBC Radio 5 Live ( formerly styled BBC Radio Five Live ) is the BBC 's national radio service that specialises in live BBC News , phone-ins , and sports commentaries .
; abercrombie : Prep-school by Abercrombie & Fitch Themed as '' classic cool '' for kids 7 through 14 , this is the children 's version of Abercrombie & Fitch .
To achieve a hit , the batter must reach first base before any fielder can either tag him with the ball , throw to another player protecting the base before the batter reaches it , or tag first base while carrying the ball .
Cordelia ( ) is the innermost moon of Uranus .
Black tea is a variety of tea that is more oxidized than the oolong , green , and white varieties .
One could argue , based on the work of James Clerk Maxwell , that the transport definition precedes the more recent way the term is used in electromagnetism .
It produced other singles such as '' Flathead '' that made # 67 on the UK Singles Charts and # 73 on the Billboard Hot 100 which became a hit after featuring in an iPod commercial .
Civic history Sunderland was created a municipal borough of County Durham in 1835 .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension ( PH or PHT ) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .
User pages also have associated talk pages ( for example , '' User talk : JohnDoe '' ) .
The four smaller inner planets , Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars , also called the terrestrial planets , are primarily composed of rock and metal .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 1 ' 0N 72 57 ' 0E with an altitude of 514 metres ( 1689 feet ) .
Achiote ( Bixa orellana ) is a shrub or small tree from the tropical region of the Americas .
Montagne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is distinct from leather in that parchment is limed but not tanned ; therefore , it is very reactive to changes in relative humidity and is not waterproof .
On a parallel SCSI bus , a device ( e.g. host adapter , disk drive ) is identified by a '' SCSI ID '' , which is a number in the range 0-7 on a narrow bus and in the range 0 - 15 on a wide bus . On earlier models a physical jumper or switch controls the SCSI ID of the initiator ( host adapter ) .
There is a small intake at age 10 into Old Grammar , a year group consisting of two classes equivalent to primary school Year 6 .
Grenoble Foot 38 , commonly referred to as simply Grenoble , is a French association football club based in Grenoble , a city situated at the foot of the French Alps .
Reception The opera was a huge success .
Sir Duncan Ross McLarty , KBE , MM ( 17 March 1891 -- 22 December 1962 ) was the 17th Premier of Western Australia .
Petunia is a trumpet shaped , widely-cultivated genus of flowering plants of South American origin , in the family Solanaceae .
Five years after her mother 's recovery , her father was diagnosed with acoustic neuroma .
In other words , a Las Vegas algorithm does not gamble with the verity of the result ; it only gambles with the resources used for the computation .
He chose the unexpected course of forcing Gregory to grant him absolution by doing penance before him at Canossa , where he had taken refuge .
\* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*
Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success .
Frommer expanded the vocabulary further in May 2009 when he worked on the Avatar video game , which required Na ` vi words that had not been needed for the film script and thus had not yet been invented . Frommer also translated into Na ` vi four sets of song lyrics that had been written by Cameron in English , and he helped vocalists with their pronunciation during the recording of James Horner 's Avatar score .
The Atlanta Thrashers failed to qualify for the 2009 NHL Playoffs .
'' Come as You Are '' is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana , written by frontman Kurt Cobain and released as the second single from the band 's second studio album Nevermind in 1992 .
It was bought by the administration of the British Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to become his summer residence in the 1780s .
Pack rats are a little smaller than a typical rat and have long , sometimes bushy tails .
She is referred to by fans as the Battling Bard of Potidaea .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , producer , and creator of the animated series , The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom .
In the standard interpretation of quantum mechanics , the quantum state , also called a wavefunction or state vector , is the most complete description that can be given to a physical system .
Devonshire was a supporter of Sir Robert Walpole and , after Walpole 's fall from power , of the Pelhams .
This article deals with flaying in the sense of torture and execution .
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
Remains Giotto died in January of 1337 .
Glenpool is a city in Tulsa County , Oklahoma , United States .
The 17th century was rich in popular risings , such as the liberation of Moscow from the Polish-Lithuanian invaders ( 1612 ) , the Salt Riot ( 1648 ) , the Copper Riot ( 1662 ) , and the Moscow Uprising of 1682 .
All residents located south of Del Dios Highway , north of State Route 56 , west of Interstate 15 , and east of Interstate 5 were ordered to evacuate .
The European elections on June 13 2004 brought a staggering defeat for the Social Democrats , who polled only slightly more than 21 % , the lowest election result for the SPD in a nationwide election since the Second World War .
Both symbols are also present in the coat of arms of the city Leipzig .
Year 1378 ( MCCCLXXVIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The term Angevin Empire is a modern term describing the collection of states once ruled by the Angevin Plantagenet dynasty .
Audrieu is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Official BIPM definitionsAn extensive presentation of the SI units is maintained on line by NIST , including a diagram of the interrelations between the derived units based upon the SI units .
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geological time scale .
The creed became standard orthodox doctrine , while the Coptic church of Alexandria dissented , holding to Cyril 's formula of the oneness of Christ 's nature as the incarnation of God the Word .
In the fifteenth century the Swiss Confederates conquered the valleys south of the Alps in three separate conquests .
They are grouped according to the structure of the jaw and the structure of the molar teeth .
The VMDK ( Virtual Machine Disk ) file format is a type of virtual appliance developed for VMware products .
Mu ` izzi is said to have died by the arrow shot at him by the King 's son in 1125 CE for reasons unknown .
In Singapore , where modernity has made the maintenance and long-term storage of master stocks unfeasible , the meat is cooked by boiling in water flavored with garlic and ginger instead , with the resulting stock used in the preparation of the rice and also in the accompanying soup .
The Tri Nations is an international rugby union competition that is contested annually by Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . The competition is organized by SANZAR , a consortium formed by the three countries ' rugby governing bodies - the Australian Rugby Union , the New Zealand Rugby Union and the South African Rugby Union .
It is a tributary of the Chenab River and has a total length of about 505 miles ( 813 kilometers ) .
He currently plays for F.C. Tokyo .
The show is centered on Cordell Walker ( played by Chuck Norris ) , a Dallas Fort Worth-based member of the Texas Rangers , a state-level bureau of investigation .
The only inhabited island is Willis Island .
A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park , often open to the public , in which roses are grown .
However , the mother does protect the young in the water for a few days till they learn to fend for themselves .
Prince Sports , Inc. , based in Bordentown , New Jersey , is a manufacturer of equipment for racquet sports , primarily for tennis , badminton , and squash .
'' Zwaneven '' is in the upmarket residential area referred to as '' De Lint '' , where many Dutch people settled down , fleeing high taxes and strict building regulations in the Netherlands .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
Peter Henlein ( or Heinlein or Henle or Hele ) ( 1479\/1480 & ndash ; August 1542 ) , a locksmith and watchmaker from Nuremberg , is often considered the inventor of the portable timekeeper , making him the inventor of the watch , but this claim is disputed .
While the majority of the nearly 200 known types of HPV cause no symptoms in most people , some types can cause warts ( verrucae ) , while others can -- in a minority of cases -- lead to cancers of the cervix , vulva , vagina , and anus in women or cancers of the anus and penis in men .
George Arthur Rowley , ( 21 April 1926 19 December 2002 ) , was an English football player .
Poliomyelitis , often called polio or infantile paralysis , is an acute viral infectious disease spread from person to person , primarily via the fecal-oral route .
Success as a music group came in 2005 with their first album PCD which debuted at number five in the US producing three successful singles '' Do n't Cha '' , '' Buttons '' , and '' Stickwitu '' ; the latter earned the group a Grammy Award nomination .
These were modified versions of the 1000 c Ford Kent engine for Formula Junior .
Squirrel is the common name for rodents of the family Sciuridae .
She is known for '' The Battle of the Sexes '' in 1973 , in which she defeated Bobby Riggs , a former Wimbledon men 's singles champion .
Ubuntu Studio is an officially recognized derivative of the Ubuntu Linux distribution , which is explicitly geared to general multimedia production .
She now presents BBC Radio 1 's weekday mid-morning program , taking over from long-time host Jo Whiley .
The use of archetypes to illuminate personality and literature was advanced by Carl Jung early in the 20th century , who suggested the existence of universal contentless forms that channel experiences and emotions , resulting in recognisable and typical patterns of behaviour with certain probable outcomes .
The Firm remained on the The New York Times bestseller list for 47 weeks , and became the bestselling novel of 1991 .
The Bolivar Peninsula was worst affected by the surge , while Galveston Island ( where waves topped the seawall ) and the Port Arthur areas also saw extensive damage .
Background In June 1980 , the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda was established at Wolong with the efforts of both World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) and the Chinese government .
Cristobal remained a fairly weak tropical storm as it tracked adjacent to the Carolina coast , and the storm never made landfall .
It is named after King Chulalongkorn ( Rama V ) , and was established by his son and successor King Vajiravudh ( Rama VI ) in 1917 by combining the Royal Pages School and the College of Medicine .
FIA homepage - organisation May 16 , 2007 Its current president is Max Mosley .
The river is named for Henry Hudson , an Englishman sailing for the Dutch East India Company , who explored it in 1609 .
Fernandina Beach is a port city in Nassau County , Florida , on Amelia Island .
He started his career at Karlsruher SC and in 1994 was transferred to Bayern Munich , his last professional club .
Soulac-sur-Mer is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Vongnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Walnut Tree The lyrics talk about waiting for someone under a walnut tree but Rice-Oxley has n't given a real meaning to this .
Hodgman , A.W. '' Adverbial Forms in Plautus , '' The Classical Review 17.6 ( 1903 ) , pp .
Healey was educated at Bradford Grammar School . In 1936 he won an exhibition to Balliol College , Oxford , to read Greats where he was involved in Labor politics , although he was not active in the Oxford Union Society .
The trained operator at the variable speed control box regulates the unit 's Buck-and-Spin speed as well as spin direction .
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss manufacture of prestige watches and a brand of the Richemont group .
KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice , an integrated office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment .
Jackson , P. (/O2002/O) .
The Eurasian lynx ( Lynx lynx ) is the biggest of the lynxes .
Meanwhile , Austrian President Wilhelm Miklas refused to appoint Seyss-Inquart Chancellor and asked other Austrian politicians such as Michael Skubl and Sigismund Schilhawsky to assume the office .
The Federal Finance Court ( Bundesfinanzhof ) is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany .
Sainte-Ode is a municipality of Belgium .
From 1984 to 2002 , he played in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Houston Rockets and Toronto Raptors . He led the Rockets to back-to-back NBA championships in 1994 and 1995 .
The group includes vertebrates , , with some closely related invertebrates .
Vessels carry one or more temporary anchors which may be of different designs and weights .
Emperor Tiberius is forced to order an investigation and a public trial in the Roman Senate , for the murder of Germanicus .
In 1913 he become a cadet in the Royal Military Academy in preparation for a career in the Royal Engineers .
Hurricane Fran was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season that made landfall near Cape Fear in North Carolina at Category 3 strength .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
The four smaller inner planets , Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars , also called the terrestrial planets , are primarily composed of rock and metal .
See Galbraith , pp .
Instead of treating the remaining solution with lime , carbon dioxide and ammonia are pumped into the solution , then sodium chloride is added until the solution saturates at 40 C. Next , the solution is cooled to 10 C. Ammonium chloride precipitates and is removed by filtration , and the solution is recycled to produce more sodium carbonate .
The River Clyde ( , ) is a major river in Scotland .
Saint-Saturnin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Credit default swaps have many variations .
The Penny Lilac was a surface-printed stamp and was issued in two forms .
In the United States , the Recording Industry Association of America awards certification based on the number of albums and singles sold through retail and other ancillary markets .
During one of these concerts in Mexico City he received an offer to take over the string department of the university there .
There were four deaths in the Dominican Republic .
In Commonwealth English , it commonly is used to refer to a small and hard , often sweetened , flour-based product , most akin in American English to a cookie , or sometimes in the case of cheese biscuits , a cracker .
He was born Johann Ludwig von Krosigk in Rathmannsdorf , Anhalt , Germany to a father from an old noble family of Anhalt and a mother who was a daughter of a Count ( Graf ) von Schwerin .
He translated Campus Stellae (/O1999/O) .
Please remember : do not bite the newcomers .
They do also prey on bees , but unlike honey bees , hornet and yellowjacket colonies die out every winter .
Rachel then realized that signing could be beneficial to all children .
Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library + '' '' ( mimos ) , '' imitator , actor '' .
Satoshi Hashida ( born 20 December 1981 ) is a Japanese football player .
Hayden then asked him to read the manifesto more carefully , especially the section on values .
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue , which it uses to catch its prey at a great speed .
At least 7,000 school buildings in Sichuan Province collapsed .
Cantabria is a Spanish province and autonomous community with Santander as its capital city .
In efforts to protect the remaining population , three potoroos ( one male and two females ) were translocated to Bald Island in August 2005 where they are free from predation .
Intellectual giftedness is a difference in learning and can also benefit from specialized teaching techniques or different educational programs , but the term '' special education '' is generally used to specifically indicate instruction of students whose special needs reduce their ability to learn independently or in an ordinary classroom , and gifted education is handled separately .
April 27 -- Saint Zita
Population density464\/km2 (/O2001/O)
King David ( film ) , 1985 period drama about the Biblical figure starring Richard Gere
The National Democratic Party of Germany ( , NPD ) is a radical right and pan-German nationalist political party founded on 28 November 1964 .
As a means of recording the passage of time , the 11th century is the period from 1001 to 1100 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Christian\/Common Era .
After Henry VIII died , Catherine Parr married Thomas Seymour , 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley . Catherine died not long after the birth of her only child , Mary Seymour , in late 1548 , leaving the young Jane once again bereft of a maternal figure .
Langlade County - west
He was born in Port Arthur , Ontario .
Liston was one of the most powerful punchers and jabbers in the history of boxing .
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) is an American symphony orchestra , based at Heinz Hall in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Jayaco ( D.M. )
Martin Cash successfully escaped along with two others .
Each of these forces had a commanding general who reported directly to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army .
The angle continued into Backlash during a rematch after Stratus legitimately dislocated her shoulder when James threw her out of the ring .
Their fossils occur in ancient beds deposited in both freshwater and marine environments .
It consists entirely of hymns addressed to Soma Pavamana ( '' purified Soma '' ) .
It was introduced into Australia in the 19th century .
It is less widely known that Pavlov 's experiments on the conditional reflex extended to children , some of whom apparently underwent surgical procedures , similar to those performed on the dogs , for the collection of saliva .
He also loved his obsession with robots , which later turned into knights .
During periods of a wet or '' Green Sahara '' , the Sahara and Arabia become a savanna grassland and African flora and fauna become common .
A sequel , Supreme Commander 2 , has also been released .
On 1 January 1993 Czechoslovakia peacefully split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia .
Chinese materia medica ( ) , is also the medicine based on traditional Chinese medicine theory .
Homo -- humans
Held between May and October 1990 , in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear , it lasted 157 days , and received over three million visitors .
The voivode ( literal meaning : '' the one who leads the warriors '' , equivalent to Dux Exercituum or Herzog ) was originally the military commander next to the ruler .
Engineer 's scale , a ruler-like device similar to the Architect 's scale , they are helpful when drawing rooms
Aguilera also released a Christmas album on October 24 , 2000 called My Kind of Christmas .
Atlases have traditionally been bound into book form , but today many atlases are in multimedia formats .
But when Corsigniano was given the status of an official city , a Palazzo Comunale was required , though it was certainly more for show than anything else .
The film was released on February 11 , 2005 in the United Kingdom and France , and on February 24 , 2006 in North America .
Pidgin supports some file transfers , with the ability to pause , resume , and cancel transfers and observe multiple transfers in a separate window , lacking more advanced features like folder sharing from Yahoo .
Abbottabad district is divided into two tehsils , Abbottabad and Havelian as well as one urban administration area - Nawanshehr .
The term MMORPG was coined by Richard Garriott , the creator of Ultima Online , in 1997 .
The Early Cretaceous was an important time for the dinosaurs of Africa because it was when Africa finally separated from South America , forming the South Atlantic Ocean .
In 1847 Wallace and Bates discussed the idea of an expedition to the Amazon rainforest , the plan being to cover expenses by sending specimens back to London .
Some untrained dogs may help their owners , although there are also reports of dogs that have reacted aggressively or even died as a result of witnessing or anticipating their owner 's seizure .
Now known simply as Opera , the browser has become very popular despite the competition .
The Stanley Cup playoffs ended on June 4 , with the Detroit Red Wings taking the championship .
Theerthagiri met them on a road between Sivan Malai and Chenni Malai .
Luigi Fabbri ( 1877 -- 1935 ) , was an Italian anarchist , writer , agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I/O. He was the father of Luce Fabbri .
Yuki Ishida is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokushima Vortis .
On the day of the album 's release , Kiss appeared on MTV without their trademark makeup .
The badge of Chamois Niortais features a chamois goat standing on a football , and the background of the crest is royal blue , which has featured in the club 's home colors since its foundation . When the club was founded in 1925 , Chamois Niortais adopted a white strip .
Vannes Olympique Club ( Vannes OC ) is a French football club based in Vannes , currently set to play in France 's second division Ligue 2 .
The Apia Urban Area has a population of 37,708 ( 2006 Census ) and is generally referred to as the City of Apia .
According to a 2001 research by Dr. Jianguo Liu of Michigan State University , the rate of destruction is higher after the reserve 's creation than before its creation .
Calgary Flames
.
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al-Nasr Sports Club won the championship .
Pherecydes of Syros ( c. 540 BCE )
BBC Introducing is the brand for new music programs across the BBC radio stations , showcasing unsigned , self signed and other emerging musical talent primarily from the UK .
Interstate 95 has many auxiliary routes .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu in the J. League .
After trial , committed to Spandau Prison ; died in 1987 .
For this and other misdemeanors , including repeated acts of vagrancy , he was sent at the age of 15 to Mettray Penal Colony where he was detained between 2 September 1926 and 1 March 1929 .
Mega Man X8 , known as in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) console .
Lost City ( novel ) , a 2004 novel written by Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos
Philip Pullman CBE ( born 19 October 1946 ) is an English writer .
The village is known for its folk music festival , Fiddler 's Green Festival .
Pakistan gave up its claim to the tract under a border agreement with China in 1963 with the proviso that the settlement was subject to the final solution of the Kashmir dispute .
Saudi Arabia lies to the west and is connected to Bahrain by the King Fahd Causeway . Qatar is to the southeast across the Gulf of Bahrain .
In explaining his record , however , he stated that he might be affected by an '' addiction to crossing borders '' .
It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
In the forest , Edmund fails to catch up with Lucy and encounters instead a pale lady on a sledge pulled by a white reindeer .
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono ( ; born 9 September 1949 ) , is an Indonesian retired military general and the sixth and current President of Indonesia .
This is supported by reconstructions from later Iranian languages -- in particular from Middle Persian Zartosht , which is the form the name has in the ninth - to twelfth-century Zoroastrian texts .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
A visual binary star is a binary star for which the angular separation between the two components is great enough to permit them to be observed as a double star in a telescope , or even high-powered binoculars .
Entente Sportive de Wasquehal ( ES Wasquehal ) is a French football club based in Wasquehal .
James '' Jim '' Jefferies ( born 22 November 1950 in Musselburgh ) is a former Scottish footballer , who is currently the manager of Heart of Midlothian .
Piquet 's racing career started in 1993 in Brazilian karting , where he would stay until 2001 when he moved to Formula Three Sudamericana .
The British equivalent is an earl ( whose wife is also a '' countess '' , for lack of an Anglo-Saxon term ) .
Gestation appears 2 weeks less than if calculated by the more common method .
It consists of three tribes , 16 genera , and many species of New World rats and mice , predominantly found in North America .
He then found work on a farm in Kelmscott , but in January 1865 a neighbour 's steer was killed and eaten , and Johns was accused of having done the deed .
A large crater lake , called Heaven Lake ( Korean : , Chinese : ) , is located within the caldera atop the mountain .
Each game 's plot usually involves the mysterious Monkey Island and its impenetrable secrets .
Tsongkhapa said that these two aspects of the spiritual path , compassion and insight into wisdom , must be rooted in a wholehearted wish for liberation impelled by a genuine sense of renunciation .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
Only cold-adapted plants and animals survive there , including penguins , seals , nematodes , tardigrades , mites , many types of algae and other microorganisms , and tundra vegetation .
From calves , oxen are chosen with horns since the horns hold the yoke in place when the oxen lower their heads , back up , or slow down ( particularly with a wheeled vehicle going downhill ) .
The film was considered mostly a critical failure , receiving mostly negative reviews from movie critics ( although was a box office success ) .
Game features The original game , titled Tomb Raider , made its début on the Sega Saturn , PlayStation and PC .
--
The domain google.com was registered on 15 September 1997 , and the company was incorporated as Google Inc. on 4 September 1998 at a friend 's garage in Menlo Park , California .
Prior to the 2008-09 season opener , the Blackhawks named Toews , at 20 years and 79 days , as the new captain , succeeding the traded Lapointe and making him the third-youngest captain at the time of appointment .
There are also two Torres Strait Islander communities on the nearby coast of the mainland at Bamaga and Seisia .
Everton won the FA Cup in 1905 -- 06 and the League title again in 1914 -- 15 , However it was not until 1927 that Everton 's first sustained period of success began .
Francis Hopkinson ( September 21 , 1737 - May 9 , 1791 ) , an American author , was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence as a delegate from New Jersey .
Quraysh is also the name of a Surah in the Qur ` an .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
Hoxie is a city in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sri Lanka is divided into 9 provinces and 25 districts .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
Her father , Francis van Arnum Brown , worked at a number of jobs , including as a clerk at the Washington Patent Office and as a manager and salesman for a wholesale butcher .
Saint-Magne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Its founding associate conductor was Malcolm Sargent .
A player is not committing an offside offence if the player receives the ball directly from a throw-in , goal kick or corner kick , or if the player receiving the ball is level with or behind the player passing .
In 1992 , he started performing stage hypnosis shows at the University of Bristol under the stage name Darren V. Brown .
Through Prince Paul , Johnson is a descendant of King George II of Great Britain , and through George 's great-great-great grandfather King James I of England , a descendant of all the previous British royal houses .
It was known as Jonerstown until 1815 , when it was officially called Dover .
As mentioned in the introduction , it is important to realize that the Council of Europe is not to be mistaken with the Council of the European Union ( the '' Council of Ministers '' ) or the European Council . These belong to the European Union , which is separate from the Council of Europe , although they have shared the same European flag and anthem since the 1980s because they also work for European integration .
Duke of Devonshire , No10 .
Tiles are generally used for covering roofs , floors , walls , showers , or other objects such as tabletops .
It was later announced that their comeback was going to be delayed due to Onew damaging his teeth and the release of the mini-album was pushed back to May 25 , 2009 .
The valley is situated at an elevation of 2,438 m ( 7,999 feet ) .
Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius ( ) ( born on April 27 , 1972 ) is a Ukrainian professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov .
Loudest Common Denominator is a live album by alternative rock\/metal band Drowning Pool , and was recorded in San Diego .
Armed with a dehydrator that can turn humans into dust , a World War II '' Pre-Atomic '' Submarine made to resemble a penguin , and their three pirate henchmen ( Bluebeard , Morgan and Quetch ) , The United Underworld intends to take over the world , and Batman and Robin must stop them .
An avid conservationist and hunter , Burnham supported the early conservation programs of his friends Theodore Roosevelt and Gifford Pinchot .
During their trip , Aras and Cirie made a pact for the Final 2 ; while Danielle and Terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile .
Tropical storms have one-minute maximum sustained winds of at least 39 mph ( 34 knots , 17 m/s , 63 km/h ) , while hurricanes have one-minute maximum sustained exceeding 74 mph ( 64 knots , 33 m/s , 119 km/h ) .
The road over the mountain is often closed due to high winds .
The use of emoticons can be traced back to the 19th century , and they were commonly used in casual and\/or humorous writing .
It began on September 29 , 2007 , with the regular season ending April 6 , 2008 .
Galena is one of the most abundant and widely distributed sulfide minerals .
Kahn has won numerous broadcasting awards including twelve New England Emmys , six Gold Medals of the New York International Festival and the Edward R. Murrow Award for Feature Reporting .
Only in the harvestmen and among mites , such as the house dust mite , is there ingestion of solid food particles , and thus exposure to internal parasites , although it is not unusual for spiders to eat their own silk .
Diwan became envious and said that Theertahagiri would face severe consequences for this action .
It has an area of and a population of 745,000 ( 2002 ) .
Its distance to the second and third nearest stars , which form the binary star Alpha Centauri , is only 0.21 ly ( 15,000 700 astronomical units AU ) .
The Iranian calendars or Persian calendars ( Gahshomari-ye Irani ) are a succession of calendars invented or used for over two millennia in Greater Iran .
Cetaceans have no vocal cords , so whales generate their song by forcing air through their massive nasal cavities .
Versailles is therefore famous not only as a building , but as a symbol of the system of absolute monarchy of the Ancien Régime .
A Passion cantata is a cantata that takes as its theme the Passion of Jesus Christ , i.e. the hours , days , or weeks leading up to and including his crucifixion .
A post town is a required part of all postal addresses in the United Kingdom , and a basic unit of the postal delivery system .
Dolley Payne Todd Madison ( May 20 , 1768 -- July 12 , 1849 ) was the spouse of the fourth President of the United States , James Madison , and was First Lady of the United States from 1809 to 1817 .
Vacheron Constantin was founded in Geneva , Switzerland in 1755 by Jean-Marc Vacheron .
link
( , , Guru N nak ) ( 15 November 1469 -- 22 September 1539 ) was the founder of the religion of Sikhism and the first of ten Sikh Gurus .
May 15 & ndash ; John Thurloe is arrested for high treason for his support of Oliver Cromwell 's regime .
Hermann Weyl 's interest in intuitionistic logic and impredicativity appears to have resulted from his reading of Husserl .
As Judas does not appear in the Epistles of Paul , nor in the Q Gospel , Saari argues that the language indicates a split between Pauline Christians , who saw no reason for the establishment of an organized Church , and the followers of Peter .
The name was adopted with a pejorative tone by the Spaniards when referring especially to the semi-nomadic hunter-gatherer peoples of northern Mexico .
It was named in honor of Spencer Compton , the Earl of Wilmington , who was Prime Minister under George II .
The date is perhaps best recognized in the United States as a date to celebrate the culture and experiences of Americans of Mexican ancestry , much as St. Patrick 's Day , Oktoberfest , and the Chinese New Year are used to celebrate those of Irish , German , and Chinese ancestry respectively .
December 12 & ndash ; William L. Marcy , American statesman ( d. 1857 )
French became , and remained until the 20th century , the common language of diplomacy in international affairs .
The chemistry of the selenides parallels that of the sulfides .
Most songs do not rise to notability for an independent article and should redirect to another relevant article , such as for the songwriter , a prominent album or for the artist who prominently performed the song .
Town of Worthington Springs
Actress Lucy Lawless has been quoted in several interviews saying she would be interested in participating in a Xena film as well .
He studied law , history and mathematics at Graz University , and after graduating moved back to Lemberg where he became a professor .
The oldest building , Gabaldon Building , was built in 1904 .
Richard II ( 6 January 1367 - c. 14 February 1400 ) was the eighth King of England of the House of Plantagenet and the last of that house 's main-line kings .
Section 128 provides that constitutional amendments must be approved by a referendum .
It then passes through the state of Arunachal Pradesh , India , where it is known as the Dihang .
One of the first operas to use historical events and people rather than classical mythology , it adapts incidents from the writings of Tacitus , Suetonius and others to recount how Poppea , mistress of the Roman emperor Nerone ( Nero ) , is able to achieve her ambition and be crowned empress .
By 1928 , the regional government was moved from the old Cossack capital Novocherkassk to Rostov , which also engulfed the nearby Armenian town of Nor Nakhijevan ( Nakhijevan , Proletarskiy district now ) .
It opened in Canton , Ohio , on September 7 , 1963 , with 17 charter inductees .
They were small to medium-sized , feathered carnivores that flourished in the Cretaceous Period .
He was a member of the Brazilian team that won the 1970 FIFA World Cup Final .
In 1961 , when he was first appointed , the Soviet Union had tried to insist on a troika formula of three secretaries-general , one representing each Cold War bloc , something which would have maintained equality in the United Nations between the superpowers .
Miso is still very widely used in Japan , both in traditional and modern cooking , and has been gaining world-wide interest .
It would stand as the most severe riot in Los Angeles history until the Los Angeles riots of 1992 .
The band has successfully broken free from its original niche by courting mainstream publicity ( often to the chagrin of its early fanbase ) , and this increased accessibility has brought coverage by the likes of Kerrang !
The Scottish Liberal Democrats currently hold 16 of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament , 11 of 59 Scottish seats in the UK Parliament , and one of six Scottish seats in the European Parliament .
It is a triple cream Brie that is luscious , creamy and faintly sour .
In 2010 , a Little League baseball team from Arkadelphia won the Arkansas state championship .
Twister is a 1996 American disaster film starring Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as '' storm chasers '' researching tornadoes .
is the goddess of dawn and revelry in the Shinto religion of Japan .
'' Drama '' ( Greek '' to do '' , '' seeing place '' ) is the branch of the performing arts concerned with acting out stories in front of an audience using combinations of speech , gesture , music , dance , sound and spectacle -- indeed any one or more elements of the other performing arts .
The Rover 600 Series is a compact executive car produced by the British car maker Rover from 1993 to 1999 .
Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon .
Only 11 of 14 episodes were aired , many out of intended order -- the original ninety-minute pilot ( '' Serenity '' ) was aired last .
Later during the middle period , the Chola kingdom emerged in northern Tamil Nadu , and the Chera kingdom in Kerala .
Second base , or 2B , is the second of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a base runner in order to score a run for that player 's team .
With his controversial win over unbeaten Carl Froch , bagging the WBC Super Middleweight title , Kessler became a three time world champion .
This list of oil fields includes some major oil fields of the past and present .
Michael Laudrup ( born 15 June 1964 in Frederiksberg ) is a Danish former professional football player .
Wachapreague is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
Blake was included in group exhibitions at the Institute of Contemporary Arts and had his first solo exhibition in 1960 .
In 1856 , the state legislature chartered a Methodist college , the East Alabama Male College in Auburn .
His writings about the effects of racial segregation were used as evidence in the landmark Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education , and part of his 1966 book A Sign for Cain dealt with the involvement of medical professionals in the Holocaust .
The latter is often the core event of many village celebrations , but is at its most elaborate in the Ubon Ratchathani version , which nowadays is a major event both for residents and for tourists : giant candles are paraded through the town , each representing a local temple , district or other institution .
Hominini currently comprises the extant species human ( the only living member of the genus Homo ) , bonobo ( genus Pan ) , and chimpanzee ( genus Pan ) ; their ancestors ; and the extinct lineages of their common ancestor .
After several auditions , Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members .
Awards Raffles Institution was awarded the School Excellence Award in 2004 , the top MOE award .
In Canada , all milk produced at a processor and intended for consumption must be pasteurized , legally requiring it to be heated to at least 72 degrees Celsius for at least 16 seconds and then cooling it to 4 degrees Celsius .
November the 5th firework displays and bonfire parties are common throughout Britain , in major public displays and in private gardens .
Saint-Denis is home to the royal necropolis of Saint Denis Basilica and was also the location of the associated abbey .
He departed to attend the trial on 12 May 1810 , arriving on 25 October 1810 .
Chemiré-en-Charnie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Game balance , a concept in game design describing the fairness or balance of power in a game
Whedon approached Nathan Fillion to play the lead role of Malcolm Reynolds ; after explaining the premise and showing Fillion the treatment for the pilot , Fillion was eager for the role .
The competition formed as the FA Premier League on 20 February 1992 following the decision of clubs in the Football League First Division to break away from The Football League , which was originally founded in 1888 , and take advantage of a lucrative television rights deal .
Mount Hiei has featured in many folk tales over the ages .
After the OBS camp at the start of the Secondary 3 year , upper secondary students may , if they wish , continue in short pants or opt for white long trousers .
The German-born , American-trained conductor Theodore Thomas , who had achieved fame and great success conducting his own orchestra , the Thomas Orchestra , in competition with the Philharmonic for over a decade , began conducting the Philharmonic in 1877 .
Malcolm Charles Barber ( born March 4 , 1943 ) is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
In some countries ( such as Romania or Poland ) it is also observed as an equivalent of Mother 's Day , where children also give small presents to their mothers and grandmothers .
The tehsil has an area of 1,602 km2History and is headquartered at the city of Chichawatni and is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils , three of which form the capital .
She possesses superhuman speed , reflexes , agility and senses .
The song was released in October 2010 , to gain both critical and commercial success , being appreciated by most music critics and described as a party anthem , and reaching the Top 10 in several countries , including the United States , where it ultimately became Pink 's second solo number one hit , following 2008 's '' So What , '' and her third overall .
On 27 March 2006 , the military junta , which had moved the national capital from Yangon to a site near Pyinmana in November 2005 , officially named the new capital Naypyidaw , meaning '' city of the kings '' .
Acritarchs include the remains of a wide range of quite different kinds of organisms - ranging from the egg cases of small metazoans to resting cysts of many different kinds of chlorophyta ( green algae ) .
The 2006 al-Askari Mosque bombing occurred at the al-Askari Mosque in the Iraqi city of Samarra , on February 22 , 2006 , at about 6:55 a.m. local time ( 0355 UTC ) .
The duodecimal system ( 1210 twelve = 1012 ) , which is the use of 12 as a division factor for many ancient and medieval weights and measures , including hours , probably originates from Mesopotamia .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as '' Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider .
Since then , 96 builders have been inducted .
The term Dard is due to Herodotus who described a land of the Dardikae in the areas forming what is now called northeastern Afghanistan and which was in classical times considered a part of Bactria .
In the computer game Tropico , Lou Bega is one of the characters someone can choose as their dictatorial persona . He was included as part of a licensing deal that also saw Bega 's song '' Club Elitaire '' integrated into the German release of Tropico .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green ( born February 17 , 1949 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American football head coach for the California Redwoods of the United Football League .
SSH Hardens the Secure Shell , Serverwatch.com The encryption used by SSH is intended to provide confidentiality and integrity of data over an unsecured network , such as the Internet .
Walker Edmiston formerly voicing Tom Riley : a local farmer and good friend of Whit .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong .
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
Thomas Stearns Eliot OM ( September 26 , 1888 & ndash ; January 4 , 1965 ) was an American-born English poet , playwright , and literary critic , arguably the most important English-language poet of the 20th century .
To date , much of its work has concerned the introduction of new generic top-level domains ( TLDs ) .
At most one line can be drawn through any point not on a given line parallel to the given line in a plane .
In class , Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager ( Cameron Wakefield ) and Gary Fulcher ( Elliot Lawless ) , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke ( AnnaSophia Robb ) .
Created by James Burrows , Glen Charles and Les Charles .
The idea of the Encyclopaedia Hebraica began to take material form in the summer of 1944 . An advisory committee was established to determine the goals of the encyclopedia .
In the following years Walter 's conducting reputation soared as he was invited to conduct across Europe -- in Prague , in London where in 1910 he conducted Tristan und Isolde and Ethel Smyth 's The Wreckers at Covent Garden , and in Rome .
However , at least three reporters telegraphed the text of Lincoln 's speech on the day the Address was given with the words '' under God '' included .
Barisal Division was formerly part of Khulna Division .
If a couple separated , the woman kept the children .
During the 1500s and 1600s competition between the large houses became common place and numerous books were written on how to manage households and prepare food .
The Greek art of the drama had its roots in religious festivals for the gods , chiefly Dionysus , the god of wine .
The HSQLDB developers have suggested only 76 % of the target has been met in the 1.8.0 release , which is the version that was integrated with OOo 2.0 .
Healthy in Paranoid Times was certified Platinum for the shipment of 100,000 units by the CRIA on January 6 , 2006 .
He was part of the Japan national team for the 1936 Summer Olympics football competition in Berlin .
Each train consists of two four-car units coupled together ; trains are equipped for automatic train operation ( ATO ) .
He is also an adjunct professor in the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Columbia University .
Born in Enniscorthy , County Wexford , Ireland , Cash was brought up in a wealthy family and was literate .
Gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) are flashes of gamma rays associated with extremely energetic explosions that have been observed in distant galaxies .
Block ciphers operate on a fixed length string of bits .
Thomas Andrew Huddlestone ( born 28 December 1986 ) is an English footballer who plays for Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team .
Guerrero defeated Reigns in a singles match at No Mercy .
Kelly Sotherton , heptathlete
IRC Server Request FAQ It is distinct from an IRC bot that connects outbound to an IRC channel .
On November 4 , 1894 Charles 's father died , a crushing blow to the young composer , but to a large degree Ives continued the musical experimentation he had begun with George Ives .
Its Governorship was held simultaneously by Governor ( from 1827 until 1837 Lieutenant governor ) of Sierra Leone .
The genus is made up of species predominantly from the Northern hemisphere .
De Valera was born in New York City in 1882 to an Irish mother ; his parents , Catherine Coll ( subsequently Mrs Wheelwright ) , an immigrant from Bruree , County Limerick , and Juan Vivion de Valera , a Cuban settler and sculptor of Spanish descent , were reportedly married on 18 September 1881 at St. Patrick 's Church in Jersey City , New Jersey .
Additional support comes from a recent discovery of a bacterial ecosystem whose energy source is radioactivity .
In other episodes she wins a place in the Athens City Academy for Performing Bards , is a famous playwright , is a theatrical director , plays the pan pipes with considerable skill , and is the only person able to recite a magical scroll with the correct accents .
Roasso Kumamoto is a Japanese football ( soccer ) club based in Kumamoto , the capital city of Kumamoto Prefecture .
Leber 's hereditary optic neuropathy or LOHN
The following day , convection began to decrease around the low and the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) ceased monitoring it .
During Pakistan 's independence in 1947 , Rafiq Tarar performed voluntary duty as a relief worker in camps set up by Muslim Students Federation for refugees , migrating from India to Pakistan .
The term digital rights describes the permissions of individuals legitimately to perform actions involving the use of a computer , any electronic device , or a communications network .
Derek Sanderson Jeter ( ; born June 26 , 1974 ) is a Major League Baseball shortstop , team captain of the New York Yankees , and the all time hits leader among shortstops .
Characteristics of Schwabacher are :
Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit , qui in ea voluptate velit esse , quam nihil molestiae consequatur , vel illum , qui dolorem eum fugiat , quo voluptas nulla pariatur ?
Amplier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Nonnative fish such as African tilapia and Asian carp have also recently been introduced to the waters .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency ( eta _ { th } , ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
Vivien Leigh , Lady Olivier ( 5 November 1913 - 7 July 1967 ) was an English actress .
La Ferté-Chevresis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Stevens currently lives in Kensington , Brooklyn , in New York City , where he makes up the Brooklyn staff of Asthmatic Kitty Records .
After retiring from playing , he coached lower-league teams before becoming a noted professional scout .
He succeeds in this plan and gets Osmin out of the way so that Belmonte again sees his beloved Konstanze .
Since the privatisation of MTRC , the number and types of shops have increased at certain stations , turning them into miniature shopping centres .
Hurst is a city in Williamson County , Illinois , United States .
In the Final Tribal Council , Tom was commended for his dominance in challenges and leadership skills ; but was berated for being overbearing and a sexist .
It is used for creating , deleting , resizing , moving , checking and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
During the 1930s , Martin 's Statesman moved markedly to the left politically .
Erode District in Tamil Nadu State is also a very important market centre for Turmeric .
In 1985 became the second woman ( after Dorothy Wise ) to be inducted into the BCA Hall of Fame , with the additional honor of being its youngest inductee , at just under 27 years of age .
Such studies span the structure , function , evolutionary history , development , genetics , biochemistry , physiology , pharmacology , informatics , computational neuroscience and pathology of the nervous system .
Sarah was born on July 16 , 1803 into a wealthy family in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Immunity Challenge : The Survivors must stand on a perch under the changing weather conditions for as long as they can .
It is a form of hypothecation tax to fund public broadcasting , thus allowing public broadcasters to transmit programs without , or with only supplemental , funding from radio and television commercials .
Saint-Algis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Saudi Arabian national emblem ( ) was adopted in 1950Flags of the World , Saudi Arabia page .
Mountain zebra , Equus zebra
Cotton mills were usually powered by a water wheel at the beginning of the industrial revolution .
For example , the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca is one of only two mosques in Morocco currently open to non-Muslims .
Both Arnold and his brother Eduard , the cellist , were to marry sisters of Mahler .
Het Wilhelmus ( ) ( English translation : The William ) is the national anthem of the Netherlands and is the oldest national anthem in the worldnational-anthems .
Meanwhile , Bart runs for class president against Martin .
Quebec City is located in the Saint Lawrence River valley , on the north bank of the Saint Lawrence River near its meeting with the St. Charles River .
This was immediately followed by Dare To Strike , another blockbuster co-production with veteran Hong Kong actors .
Tylor , Early Hist .
During the war , Burnham spent much time behind the Boer lines gathering information and blowing up railway bridges and tracks .
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy , the Australian Army , the Royal Australian Air Force and a number of ` tri-service ' units .
Cumbernauld ( Gaelic : Comar nan Allt ) is a new town in North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Some episodes feature a crime boss named Kingpin .
Typo word = '' Economy '' find = '' b ( E e ) c ce onom ( w + ) b '' replace = '' $ 1conom $ 2 '' \/O/ )
Also called reverse accident , destroying the exception , a dicto secundum quid ad dictum simpliciter Irrelevant Conclusion : diverts attention away from a fact in dispute rather than address it directly .
Colesburg is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
Balham station consists of two adjacent stations ( a London Underground station and a National Rail station ) located in the Balham area of south London , England .
The song is loud , with an impressive range of whistles , trills and gurgles .
# 18475 Komi-Permyak : , Perem ; ) is a city and the administrative center of Perm Krai , Russia .
According to the Hanafi and Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence , appointment of a prayer leader for Friday service is mandatory because otherwise the prayer is invalid .
In 2006 , the local census unit is the town of Lambton Shores , and data for Forest itself is not available .
France United Kingdom
They were created by the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1889 and reconstituted forty years later by the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1929 .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea or river by the action of winds , tides , waves or man .
She was married to poet and painter Stan Rice for 41 years until his death from cancer in 2002 .
The Russian hydronym '' '' is akin to the old Mari name of the river - Volgydo that means '' bright '' .
'' Security '' , a song by Etta James off her album Tell Mama
Keith Money , a biographer of Anna Pavlova , wrote that a hotel chef in Wellington , New Zealand , created the dish when Pavlova visited there in 1926 on her world tour .
Consequently sometimes it was said that Atum , the chief god in these areas , had to keep his finger on him to prevent Nehebkau from getting out of control .
The revamped version of the album was released in most countries on June 17 , but the album version was released on June 2 , 2008 , in the UK ( with the DVD version following on June 16 ) and on June 21 in Australia .
A Patroness Day ( Catholic ) November 6 Constitution Day Movable .
An electric motor converts electrical energy into mechanical energy .
A precipitous rise in the price of rice caused extreme economic hardship , particularly in rural areas where rice was the main staple of life .
In May 2006 , Bonham Carter launched her own fashion line , '' The Pantaloonies , '' with swimwear designer Samantha Sage .
The stadium was constructed as a main stadium for the 13th edition of World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989 .
William Wilberforce ( 24 August 1759 -- 29 July 1833 ) was a British politician , a philanthropist and a leader of the movement to abolish the slave trade .
Freeport is located at .
After a two-year military service at a Panzergrenadier battalion in Ellwangen , he left the Bundeswehr as '' Leutnant der Reserve '' ( reserve officer ) .
CH-4900 Langenthal
The label was launched in spring 2006 , and is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .
Seven teams ( Boston , Tampa Bay , Vancouver , Washington , Ottawa , San Jose and Columbus ) unveiled new logos prior to the season 's beginning .
Veritas and Undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .
Gregory James LeMond ( born June 26 , 1961 ) is a former professional road bicycle racer from the United States and a three-time winner of the Tour de France .
The specifics of the home directory ( such as its name and location ) is defined by the operating system involved ; for example , Windows systems between 2000 and 2003 keep home directories in a folder called Documents and Settings .
Spurgeon 's College is a theological institute of higher learning located in South Norwood Hill , London .
The area by Imola is home to several racing car manufacturers - namely Ferrari , Lamborghini and Maserati .
They were soon overpowered and the Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) effectively ceased to exist in May 1945 .
At the Wicket Gate begins the '' straight and narrow '' King 's Highway , and Christian is directed onto it by the gatekeeper Good Will .
American Airlines Flight 11 was a scheduled U.S. domestic passenger flight from Logan International Airport in Boston , Massachusetts , to Los Angeles International Airport .
Clintwood is a town in Dickenson County , Virginia , United States .
In a statement , the police stated that the raids were part of a broad investigation into allegations of tax evasion and immigration violations by church members .
Although this game was never released outside of Japan , a sequel entitled Rhythm Tengoku Gold was released for the Nintendo DS on July 31 , 2008 , and was released internationally as Rhythm Heaven in North America , Australasia , and as Rhythm Paradise in Europe .
He was born in New York , grew up in Whittier , California , and studied film at California State University , Long Beach .
The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich and features the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Coogan , and Corey Feldman .
Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn ( July 15 , 1606 -- October 4 , 1669 ) was a Dutch painter and etcher .
Takuya Honda ( Honda Takuya , born 17 April 1985 in Sagamihara , Kanagawa , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
These include '' The Steadfast Tin Soldier '' , '' The Snow Queen '' , '' The Little Mermaid '' , '' Thumbelina '' , '' The Little Match Girl '' , and '' The Ugly Duckling '' .
The term was , however , not much used until V. Gordon Childe popularized it in his book The Dawn of Europe ( 1947 ) .
The velocity of a moving object is the distance it surpasses in unit time .
An anchor is a heavy object , often made out of metal , that is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving .
At Powhatan 's capital of Matchcot , the English encountered a group of some senior Indian leaders ( but not Powhatan himself , who was away ) .
On January 9 , 2007 , Gwynn was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame , being selected on 532 out of 545 ballots ( 97.61 % ) , seventh highest percentage in Hall of Fame voting history , and just thirteen votes short of a unanimous selection .
Cigarettes cause the early deaths of about 5 million people each year [ ] .
Pugs have two distinct shapes for their ears , '' rose '' and '' button '' .
A metronome is any device that produces regular , metrical ticks ( beats ) .
The entire circulation may initially have a diameter of less than 160 kilometers ( 100 miles ) .
There are now flying enemies , such as helicopters and Nexo saucers that can attack Crypto in his saucer .
The time it takes before your next telephone call
Ibrehem and James were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
There are four flamingo species in the Americas and two species in the Old World .
Tim Wiese ( ; born 17 December 1981 in Bergisch Gladbach ) is a German goalkeeper who currently plays for Werder Bremen and the German national team .
Kicking Horse Pedestrian Bridge is the longest freestanding timber frame bridge in Canada .
The office of Chief Minister was abolished on 1 July 1970 when President Yahya Khan took over the administration of West Pakistan .
Haan is a town in the Bergian district of Mettmann , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
He was drafted by the Blue Jackets in the fifth round , 127th overall , of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
For several years he attended a school run by a Mr Last .
Isambard Kingdom Brunel , FRS ( 9 April 1806 -- 15 September 1859 ) , was a leading British civil engineer , famed for his bridges and dockyards , and especially for the construction of the first major British railway , the Great Western Railway ; a series of famous steamships , including the first propeller-driven transatlantic steamship ; and numerous important bridges and tunnels .
Kazushi Kimura ( born 19 July 1958 in Hiroshima , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan ) is a retired Japanese football player .
Self-service facilities , which are generally coin-operated , where the customer does the washing , including '' jet washing '' .
Many of the books involve sailing ; other common subjects include fishing and camping .
The wreck was not salvaged , and continues to lie at the floor of the harbor .
It is used to rigidly support the pad of paper with one hand , while writing on it with the other .
Iron ( III ) is usually the most stable form of iron in air , as illustrated by the pervasiveness of rust , an insoluble iron ( III ) - containing material .
Along with Tyrannosaurus , Allosaurus has come to represent the quintessential large , carnivorous dinosaur in popular culture .
VY Canis Majoris ( VY CMa ) is a red hypergiant star located in the constellation Canis Major .
It is typically classified as an anxiety disorder and often results in a rather severe panic attack .
Charley caused approximately $ 14 billion ( 2004 USD , $ USD ) in damage to the United States , making it the fourth costliest hurricane in U.S. history , and the second costliest at the time . Although the storm caused serious damage , much of this was limited to a narrow swath associated with the hurricane 's eye wall .
At this time , Seymour and Catherine moved into Sudeley . They were accompanied by Lady Jane Grey and brought with them ladies to attend on the Queen Dowager , as well as gentlemen of the household and Yeomen of the guard .
Stuff that Matters '' , features user-submitted and &#8209; evaluated current affairs news stories about science - and technology-related topics .
The Boys , an English band , later became The Action
Although Butterworth was born in London , his family moved to Yorkshire not long after his birth .
The special wards ( tokubetsu-ku ) of Tokyo comprise the area formerly incorporated as Tokyo City .
The total area of the canton of Glarus is , of which about half is considered productive .
Braille was devised in 1821 by Louis Braille , a blind Frenchman .
The current President of the Supreme Court of Justice .
The first leg began in Canada , consisting of eleven shows across the country with Akon , and it later passed ( without Akon ) through United States , Europe , Oceania , Africa and Asia .
The long pit straight has also been utilised for drag racing .
He worked with writers such as Maxwell Anderson and Ira Gershwin , and even wrote a film score for Fritz Lang ( You and Me , 1938 ) .
The chytrid Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis ( itself commonly known as '' Chytrid '' ) is responsible for a recently discovered disease of amphibians , chytridiomycosis . Discovered in 1998 in Australia and Panama this disease is known to kill amphibians in large numbers , and has been suggested as a principal cause for the worldwide amphibian decline .
It claims to be the smallest sub-prefecture in France .
The young fledge usually between 17 - 21 days after hatching .
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on November 15 , 2004 failed to recover the object .
Hibiscus syriacus is the national flower of South Korea , while Hibiscus rosa-sinensis is the national flower of Malaysia .
John Covington Moore was the first white settler in the region .
Ishman Bracey ( January 9 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 ) was a blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi , considered one of the most important early delta blues performers .
Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and Strathearn ( Arthur William Patrick Albert ; 1 May 1850 16 January 1942 ) was a member of the shared British and Saxe-Coburg and Gotha royal family who , between 1911 and 1916 , served as the Governor General of Canada .
It became a town and the center of the later Aizkraukle District in 1967 .
The Feasting model by Brian Hayden suggests that agriculture was driven by ostentatious displays of power , such as giving feasts , to exert dominance .
In modern Portuguese , the word used for the bird , albatroz , is in turn derived from English albatross .
Release and reception Because of some of the song lyrics , most notably on '' Hands All Over '' ( the '' kill your mother '' line ) and '' Big Dumb Sex '' , the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album 's release .
During the 1930s , Welty worked as a publicity agent for the Works Progress Administration , a job that sent her around Mississippi .
Societies usually limited access to their members , and the only common library was the college 's depository collection of federal government publications ( established in 1874 ) that was stored in the original Hinsdale Hall .
The Olive ( ) , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin ( the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa ) as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab , Beas joins Sutlej , and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad 10 miles north of Uch Sharif in Bahawalpur district .
The Vision Camera works in iChat , Photo Booth , Facetime for Mac , and other applications that use QuickTime for video display , such as Skype .
Unlike with autism , people with Asperger syndrome have no substantial delay in language development . The terminology of autism can be bewildering , with autism , Asperger syndrome and PDD-NOS often called the autism spectrum disorders ( ASD ) or sometimes the autistic disorders , whereas autism itself is often called autistic disorder , childhood autism , or infantile autism .
Lakki Marwat or Lakki is the headquarters of Lakki Marwat District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The Southern Carpathians or the Transylvanian Alps are a group of mountain ranges which divide central and southern Romania , on one side , and Serbia , on the other side .
The most familiar fossils of the Solnhofen Plattenkalk include the early bird Archaeopteryx preserved in such detail that they are among the most famous and most beautiful fossils in the world .
Its main use is in the features service program ` Spotlight ' , which is produced jointly and widely broadcast on over sixty outlets globally .
Amy Christine Dumas ( born April 14 , 1975 ) , known by her primary stage name Lita , is an American former professional wrestler and WWE Diva from 1999 to 2006 and lead singer for the band The Luchagors .
The Sunshine Coast 's first white inhabitants were three castaways who shared the life of the aborigines for eight months and subsequently , it became the home of numerous runaway convicts .
Culliford 's initial comic first appeared in the Belgian magazine Spirou , and several decades later was adapted into an English language children 's television series by Hanna-Barbera Productions , titled The Smurfs .
It is bordered by the states of Baja California , Baja California Sur , Sonora , and Sinaloa with a coastline of approximately 2500 m. Rivers which flow into the Gulf of California include the Colorado , Fuerte , Mayo , Sinaloa , Sonora , and the Yaqui .
Hariri was assassinated on 14 February , 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 1000 kg of TNT were detonated as his motorcade drove past the St. George Hotel in the Lebanese capital , Beirut .
The town is located about 120 km north of Kuala Lumpur .
The series was created by husband-and-wife team Ted Corday and Betty Corday along with Irna Phillips in 1964 , and many of the first stories were written by William J. Bell .
The CIA denies Barris ever worked for them in any capacity .
In linguistics , intonation is variation of pitch while speaking which is not used to distinguish words .
Both adult and larva of the Heather Beetle Lochmaea suturalis feed on it , and can cause extensive mortality in some instances .
It is located on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines , between Stoke Newington and Hackney Downs .
The Saints ' Way is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .
Special Programs in Focus : A retrospective and/or a special showcase of films by a certain notable director or genre .
The province was bordered by the Indian states of Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir to the east , the princely state of Bahawalpur to the south , the provinces of Balochistan and Sindh to the southwest , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa to the northwest , and Azad Kashmir to the northeast .
Y suke Tanaka ( , born February 3 , 1986 in Yame , Fukuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J. League team Avispa Fukuoka .
Monaco The French postal code system is also used in Monaco as if it were a French département numbered 98 .
On 27 November 2007 , the BBC confirmed that she would reprise her role as Rose Tyler in the fourth series for three episodes .
Martin is best known for his work as a standup comedian and as a contributor on The Daily Show .
It is bounded on the north by the districts of Jhalkathi , Barisal , Pirojpur and Patuakhali .
F. hepatica is distributed worldwide and causes great economic losses in sheep and cattle .
To him scouting was as exact a study as is the piano , and it was said that he could read the face of nature as easily as most could read their morning newspaper .
It is estimated that approximately 4 percent of energy in the state is generated through renewable resources .
Note that the '' right to vanish '' does not cover this ; repeatedly switching accounts is seen as a way of avoiding scrutiny and considered a breach of this policy .
Simple living as a concept is distinguished from those living in forced poverty , as it is a voluntary lifestyle choice .
It has boundaries with Warwickshire , Leicestershire , Rutland , Cambridgeshire ( including the city of Peterborough ) , Bedfordshire , Buckinghamshire ( including the borough of Milton Keynes ) , Oxfordshire , and Lincolnshire ( England 's shortest county boundary at ) .
Adams began to draft a reply but never sent it and did not aggressively pursue work on the Uranus problem .
'' Prayer of the Refugee '' is the second single from Rise Against 's album The Sufferer and The Witness , and was released worldwide in 2006 .
This is known as mutual authentication .
The following year , Belfour signed as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks ( after not being picked in the draft ) alternating time between them and the Saginaw Hawks of the International Hockey League .
Following the fall of the Soviet Union , in 1992 , mosques in war-torn Afghanistan saw many contributions from Saudi citizens .
Ignatius of Antioch ( also known as Theophorus ) ( ca .
Raymond Douglas '' Ray '' Bradbury ( August 22 , 1920 ) is an American mainstream , fantasy , horror , science fiction , and mystery writer .
It had a flat shortened face with jaw and teeth adapted for chewing tough semi-arid vegetation , and forward-looking eyes providing stereoscopic vision .
Mona Lisa is named for Lisa del Giocondo , a member of the Gherardini family of Florence and Tuscany and the wife of wealthy Florentine silk merchant Francesco del Giocondo .
By 1913 he had published his first book , Indian Currency and Finance . He was then appointed to the Royal Commission on Indian Currency and Finance - the same topic as his book - where Keynes showed considerable talent at applying economic theory to practical problems .
Actors are mostly amateur ; any well-known actors in bisexual porn tend to be from the gay pornography industry .
But with the loss of Tarentum in 209 BC and the gradual reconquest by the Romans of Samnium and Lucania , his hold on south Italy was almost lost .
New product development
Katrina formed in the southern Caribbean as a tropical depression on October 27 .
International Services - About AOL ( AOL.com )
In 1970 , the US Open became the first of the Grand Slam tournaments to use a tiebreak at the end of a set .
The most common is to add a suffix to the end of the location 's name , slightly modified in some instances .
, Rad Mobile , The Simpsons Game , The Incredible Hulk , Sega Game Pack 4 in 1 and the video game adaptation of the film ' ; he is also seen on a movie poster in '' Ed Edd n Eddy-Jawbreakers . ''
No Sacrifice , No Victory HammerFall 's latest studio album titled No Sacrifice , No Victory was released in the UK on 23 February 2009 .
Asia Start of the Yuanshi era of the Chinese Han Dynasty .
He currently plays for .
The Polynesians were organized in loose chieftainships .
Sunni view that Umar was the first person to be given the title :
At first , the winner of the match received a shot at their brand 's champion .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
Chuck Berry is one of the pioneers of rock and roll music .
The Tallinn Old Town ( including Toompea ) became a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage site in 1997 .
Actually situated in West Melbourne , the station 's main entrance is at the south end of the platforms at the intersection of Adderley and Dryburgh Streets .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al-Sadd Sports Club won the championship .
The Duke was regarded as a failure by locomotive crews due to its poor steaming characteristics and its heavy fuel consumption .
The show was created by Darren Star and produced by Paul Robinson .
It is a musical pastiche ( or '' style parody '' ) of the band Devo .
Unknown to Lowell , on March 19 , 1915 , his observatory had captured two faint images of Pluto , but did not recognize them for what they were .
The 2000 population was 294,210 .
The municipality comprises the towns of Beigem , Grimbergen , Humbeek and Strombeek-Bever .
Rubber aprons are commonly used by persons working with dangerous chemicals , and lead aprons are commonly worn by persons such as X-ray technicians who work near radiation .
Jean II Makoun ( ; born 29 May 1983 ) is a Cameroonian football player who plays for Aston Villa as a midfielder .
Despite his paternal grandparents ' conversion to Protestantism , the Wittgenstein children were baptized as Roman Catholics -- the faith of their maternal grandmother -- and Ludwig was given a Roman Catholic burial upon his death .
Amherst Cove , Newfoundland and Labrador
iWork is an office suite of desktop applications created by Apple for the Mac OS X and iOS operating systems .
The capital stock human-made goods ( or means of production ) which are used in the production of other goods .
It was discovered by Scott S. Sheppard , et al . in 2003 and given the provisional designation S\/2003 U 3 .
Earthborn (/O1995/O) is the concluding fifth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
The dicynodonts , now represented by a single family of large stocky herbivores , the Kannemeyeridae , and the medium-sized cynodonts ( including both carnivorous and herbivorous forms ) , flourished worldwide , throughout the Early and Middle Triassic .
The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that brought NATO into existence , signed in Washington , DC on April 4 , 1949 .
York Minster has a group of lancet windows each fifty feet high and still containing ancient glass .
Right-wing commentator Mark Steyn described the interview as Livingstone '' artfully '' attempting '' to draw a distinction between Muslim terrorists blowing up his own public transit ( which he did n't approve of ) and Muslim terrorists blowing up Israeli public transit ( which he was inclined to be sympathetic to ) . ''
As a Pennsylvania representative , Clymer was , along with five others , a signatory of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution .
Carlos Alberto Valderrama Palacio ( born September 2 , 1961 in Santa Marta , Colombia ) also known as Carlos '' El Pibe '' Valderrama , or just '' El Pibe '' Valderrama is a former Colombian football player .
John Cena and Chris Jericho were involved in the main rivalry on the Raw brand over the World Heavyweight Championship .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
They grow very quickly , at more than a metre a year , and can reach 65 m in 50 years , with an average life-span of 400 years .
Music for the cor anglais is thus written a perfect fifth higher than the instrument actually sounds .
A head coach , senior coach or manager is a professional at training and developing athletes .
Best Hard Rock Song Mavric Awards 2009 and '' Rebel '' Best Punk Song Mavric Awards 2009 ) .
The says that Hercules fights , Hercules explains that he only fights when he has to and only to prevent other people from being harmed .
The federation came into being after Prussia defeated Austria and the other remaining states of the German Confederation in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 .
They have one son , Fergus , an expert on the BBC 's Antiques Roadshow .
Watford is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground 's Metropolitan Line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7 , previously zone A.
They had four children ( Linda 's daughter Heather who was adopted by Paul , followed by three more children , Mary , Stella and James ) and remained married until Linda 's death from breast cancer in 1998 .
They can change color rapidly and the primary purpose of color change is for communication with other chameleons and for controlling body temperature by changing to dark colors to absorb heat .
College basketball most often refers to the USA basketball competitive governance structure established by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .
The Gulf Coast of the United States , sometimes referred to as the Gulf South , South Coast , or 3rd Coast , comprises the coasts of American states that are on the Gulf of Mexico .
Maria Jansson , known in history as Kisamor ( English : The Mother of Kisa ) , ( 1788 -- 1842 ) , was a Swedish natural doctor , the most famous female physician , and perhaps the most famous Swedish physician altogether , in the 19th century .
Cuba : Fulgencio Batista flees Havana when the forces of Fidel Castro advance .
She was married at the age of 19 , on 10 May 1612 , to Prince Khurram , who would later ascend the Peacock Throne as Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan I . She was his third wife , and became his favorite .
The largest city in New England , Boston is regarded as the unofficial '' Capital of New England '' for its economic and cultural impact on the entire New England region .
Most litters are of one or two young , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days , and first emerge from the nest about three weeks after that .
The Islamic Caliphate and other Islamic states took over the Middle East , Caucasus and Central Asia during the Muslim conquests of the 7th century , and later expanded into the Indian subcontinent and Malay archipelago .
One of Minardi 's most famous performances came at the 2002 Australian Grand Prix .
Buck the World is the second studio album by rapper Young Buck .
Even when the first Chocolate House ( an establishment similar to a modern coffee shop ) opened in 1657 , chocolate was still very expensive , costing 50 to 75 pence ( approximately 50.11-75 .17 USD ) a pound .
The Flag of Mexico ( Spanish : Bandera de México ) is a vertical Tricolour of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .
News of the peace treaty took two months to reach the U.S. , during which fighting continued .
Its most common uses today are in table tennis balls and guitar picks .
The traditional view is that both books were written c. 60 , though most scholars , believing the Gospel to be dependent ( at least ) on Mark 's gospel , view the book ( s ) as having been written at a later date , sometime between 70 and 100 .
Atmospheric nuclear explosions are associated with mushroom clouds , although mushroom clouds can occur with large chemical explosions , and it is possible to have an air-burst nuclear explosion without these clouds .
Michael Joseph '' Mick '' McCarthy ( born 7 February 1959 ) is a former Irish international footballer who is currently the manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers , where he has been in charge since July 2006 .
The city has a population of approximately one million .
The later construction of the current Sartell Bridge over the Mississippi in the early 1980 's replaced the remaining businesses .
Today , Vollach is president of the Maccabi Haifa sport organization as well as being the president and CEO of Newlog , a subsidiary of Israeli shipping company Zim .
The Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak across the eastern United States from August 29 to August 31 , 2005 , spawned mostly by the outer bands of Hurricane Katrina ( or the remnants thereof ) .
Transportation to and from Sartell is limited to surface roads , mainly U.S. Route 10 and Minnesota State Highway 15 , both of which pass along the outskirts of the city .
The ancient Egyptians used donkeys and oxen as beasts of burden , and they were responsible for plowing the fields and trampling seed into the soil .
A widow is a woman whose husband has died .
Strike ( attack )
See text
On 17 December 2008 , the young defender had an unfortunate incident in an UEFA Cup match against Slavia Prague when he scored an own goal in a match that eventually ended 2 -- 2 .
Like nothing before , the Billups signal was a large gantry spanning the highway and was likely the first such use of a gantry-style crossing of the type now in relatively common use .
Typically , fullbacks are larger in size than halfbacks and in most offensive schemes their duties are split between power running and blocking for both the quarterback and the other running back .
Where fiat money is used as currency , the term fiat currency is used .
He is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Rutland and Melton .
Most , and possibly all galaxies , including the Milky Way , are believed to contain supermassive black holes at their centers .
Jinn Sh t ki , pp .
Liberty Mutual has made several large acquisitions over the past several years , including the most recent acquisition of Safeco Corporation in 2008 .
The Jackson family then relocated to Rochester , New York , where Shirley attended Brighton High School and graduated in 1934 .
Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
It is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan , but it is more popular for its beauty than its rank might suggest .
Eminence is a city in Henry County , Kentucky , United States .
Ferdinand Magellan left Europe in an attempt to circumnavigate the world .
Games Opening ceremony The opening ceremony officially began at 8:00 pm China Standard Time ( UTC +8 ) on August 8 , 2008 in the Beijing National Stadium .
He is a sports broadcaster for the BBC , Al Jazeera Sports and Eredivisie Live .
Forensic science involves the application of the sciences to answer questions of interest to the legal system .
Victoria Christina Hesketh ( born 4 May 1984 ) , also known by her stage name Little Boots , is an English electropop musician .
Hull-White model of interest rates , in economics
In standard Dutch , based on the dialect of Holland , it is , with a voiceless V/O. However , though Van Gogh 's parents were from Holland , he grew up in Brabant and used Brabant dialect in his writing ; it is therefore likely that he himself pronounced his name with a Brabant accent : , with a voiced V and palatalized G and gh .
In the final battle , Beowulf is fatally wounded .
Gilbert then sailed for Sydney , in the middle of June 1840 took ship to Port Essington in the north of Australia , and in March 1841 sailed to Singapore calling at Timor on the way .
Workers ' council , a council composed of working class or proletarian members
Therefore , at any given time , regardless of season , the northern and southern hemispheres experience opposite seasons .
At its time , the environment in which Gastornis lived in had large portions of dense forest and a moist to semiarid subtropical or even tropical climate .
Many parks are legally protected by law .
Scroll lock is a key ( often with an associated status light ) on most modern computer keyboards . The key is not frequently used and therefore some keyboards lack Scroll Lock altogether .
The Hellenistic period produced some masterpieces like the Gonzaga cameo , now in the Hermitage Museum , and spectacular hardstone carvings like the Cup of the Ptolemies in Paris .
Static friction Static friction is friction between two solid objects that are not moving relative to each other .
Interstate 29 ( I-29 ) is an Interstate Highway in the Midwestern United States .
It is approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) wide along most of its length , bounded on the west by the San Jacinto Mountains and the Santa Rosa Mountains and on the north and east by the Little San Bernardino Mountains .
Acts as mayor Public transport One of Livingstone 's challenges as Mayor of London was dealing with the city 's ageing transportation infrastructure .
It is frequently used as a standard of tastefulness , particularly in the areas of visual design and decoration .
'' Bad Boy Boogie '' -- 4:28
Ellington 's grandson Paul Ellington is a musician and maintains a small salaried band known as the Duke Ellington Legacy , which frequently comprises the core of the big band operated by The Duke Ellington Center for the Arts .
Jennings escaped death in the February 3 , 1959 , plane crash that took the lives of Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens , and J.P. '' The Big Bopper '' Richardson , when he gave up his seat to Richardson who had been sick with the flu .
I never ease into a role- every part I play is just a variant of my own personality .
Subject to the limits imposed by the Constitution of Ireland , it has power to pass any law it wishes , and to nominate and remove the Taoiseach ( head of government ) .
Dianic Wicca , a largely feminist form of the practice , is named for her .
Other taxonomic schemes have been proposed ; the most common putting the butterflies into the sub-order Ditrysia and then the '' super-family '' Papilionoidea , and ignoring a classification for moths .
ConAgra Foods , Inc. ( ) is one of North America 's largest packaged foods companies .
Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .
Hertz helped to refine the orchestra and convinced the Victor Talking Machine Company to record it at their new studio in Oakland in early 1925 .
Other English settings include those by William Byrd , Thomas Tallis , Henry Purcell , three versions by George Frideric Handel ( Utrecht Te Deum and Jubilate , Dettingen Te Deum and Queen 's Te Deum ) , and that of Edward Elgar , his Op .
The water is cool year-round , and many tourists choose to swim at the shore break during the summer months .
After her death , it was noted that Henry was an '' enthusiastic embroiderer '' .
Muscularis externa Serosa Motility The Fallopian tubes are mobile , and have been observed on time-lapse videography moving about the pelvis .
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of more than one passenger carriages where all carriages in the train carry passengers , using electricity as the motive power .
They were established in 1874 from the school football team at Hamilton Academy .
The NHL All-Star Teams were first named at the end of the 1930 -- 31 NHL season , to honor the best performers over the season at each position .
Iron reacts with oxygen in the air to form various oxide and hydroxide compounds ; the most common are iron ( II , III ) oxide ( Fe3O4 ) , and iron ( III ) oxide ( Fe2O3 ) .
In SI units , acceleration is measured in meters per second squared ( m\/s2 ) .
There are 5 schools in the town , 3 government-run and 2 independent .
Archer left in 1898 and was replaced by Victor Herbert , who took the orchestra on several tours and greatly increased the orchestra 's presence .
In Alaska , the change took place when Friday , 6 October 1867 was followed again by Friday , 18 October after the US purchase of Alaska from Russia , which was still on the Julian calendar .
Stoics were concerned with the active relationship between cosmic determinism and human freedom , and the belief that it is virtuous to maintain a will ( called prohairesis ) that is in accord with nature .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and consists of most of the eastern half of the traditional region of the Midlands .
Many people do not , however .
Victoria Caroline Beckham ( née Adams ; born 17 April 1974 ) is an English singer , songwriter , dancer , fashion designer , author , businesswoman , actress and model .
Historically , 4-bit microprocessors were replaced with 8-bit , then 16-bit , then 32-bit microprocessors .
Being a denomination is viewed by them as having a hierarchy that substitutes for the Catholic Church .
Messancy ( German : Metzig , Luxembourgish : Miezeg , Walloon : Messanceye ) is a municipality of Belgium .
The University of Arizona ( also referred to as UA , U of A , or Arizona ) is a land-grant and space-grant public institution of higher education and research located in Tucson , Arizona , United States . The University of Arizona was the first university in the state of Arizona , founded in 1885 ( twenty-seven years before the Arizona Territory achieved statehood ) .
Cooperative multitasking A nonpreemptive multitasking system is very similar to the simple control loop scheme , except that the loop is hidden in an API .
Elettaria pods are light green while Amomum pods are larger and dark brown .
Betrayal trauma has symptoms similar to post traumatic stress disorder , although the element of amnesia and dissociation is likely to be greater .
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ( abbreviation IPO ; Hebrew : '' -- '' '' '' , ha-Tizmoret ha-Filharmonit ha-Yisre ` elit ) is the leading symphony orchestra in Israel .
Bocchan dango : Dango that has three colors .
During transcription , a DNA sequence is read by RNA polymerase , which produces a complementary , antiparallel RNA strand .
Bacon Sizzler ( Withdrawn due to health concerns regarding Sudan I dye in chilli powder used to manufacture a Worcester sauce )
Stone Temple Pilots , often abbreviated to STP , are an American rock band that consists of Scott Weiland ( lead vocals ) , brothers Robert DeLeo ( bass guitar , vocals ) and Dean DeLeo ( guitar ) , and Eric Kretz ( drums , percussion ) .
The town is home to Amherst College , Hampshire College , and the University of Massachusetts Amherst , three of the Five Colleges . The town of Amherst is a politically liberal and active community due to the five colleges within the area .
On 5 September 1986 a Pan American World Airways Boeing 747-121 named Clipper Empress of the Seas , operating as Pan Am Flight 73 , was hijacked by Palestinian gunmen posing as airport officials upon arrival from Bombay , India .
The district is named after the main city , Mirpur .
Although associated with various places , he became commonly identified with the Atlas Mountains in north-west Africa .
The taste of salt ( saltiness ) is one of the basic human tastes .
Though the English Wikipedia reached 3 million articles in August 2009 , the growth of the edition , in terms of the numbers of articles and of contributors , appeared to have abruptly flattened around Spring 2007 .
The primary purpose of FEMA is to coordinate the response to a disaster that has occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities .
The line-up eventually became the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Esquay-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
English naturalist .
Groove metal is a subgenre of heavy metal .
Musetta has found her wandering the streets , severely weakened by her illness , and has brought her back to the garret .
Reginald Fitz first described acute and chronic appendicitis in 1886 , and it has been recognized as one of the most common causes of severe acute abdominal pain worldwide .
For instance , while Jesus seems to forbid all oaths , Paul is shown using them at least twice ; thus the prohibition in the Sermon may seem to have some exceptions ; though in fairness to Paul , it should be pointed out that he was not present at the Sermon on the Mount and may not have been aware of all of its teachings .
Dorah Pass became important during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan because the Soviets were unable to stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass .
Haut-Loquin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After the Alaska Purchase , a United States military telegraph line was constructed along the north side of the Yukon River .
The Vikings joined the National Football League ( NFL ) as an expansion team in 1960 . They compete in the North Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) .
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata ( , also known as CGE or GELP , ( ) is a professional Argentine football club based in La Plata , Buenos Aires .
Although the evidence to support the Ellis story is doubtful , it was immortalised at the school with a plaque unveiled in 1895 .
Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1967 in San Francisco , California .
Dialectics ( also called logic ) was one of the three liberal arts taught in medieval universities as part of the trivium .
Its role is to build the foundations of a community sport system by working with national governing bodies of sport , and other funded partners , to grow the number of people doing sport ; sustain participation levels ; and help more talented people from all backgrounds excel by identifying them early , nurturing them , and helping them move up to the elite level .
For a complete list of former Stade Rennais F.C. players with a Wikipedia article , see here .
The plot lines involving these characters include historical truths as well as substantial fictional elements .
In the 1400s , these were blocked up , and a new city gate was created to the north on the present day rue de la Bastille .
There are several types of rape , generally categorized by reference to the situation in which it occurs , the sex or characteristics of the victim , and\/or the sex or characteristics of the perpetrator .
William Darrell '' Billy '' Mays , Jr. ( July 20 , 1958 - June 28 , 2009 ) was an American television direct-response advertisement salesperson most notable for promoting OxiClean , Orange Glo , and other cleaning , home-based , and maintenance products .
A primary source may only be used on Wikipedia to make straightforward , descriptive statements that any educated person , with access to the source but without specialist knowledge , will be able to verify are supported by the source .
The site of Amarna ( commonly known as el-Amarna or incorrectly as Tel el-Amarna ; see below ) ( ) is located on the east bank of the Nile River in the modern Egyptian province of Minya , some 58 km ( 38 miles ) south of the city of al-Minya , 312 km ( 194 miles ) south of the Egyptian capital Cairo and 402 km ( 250 miles ) north of Luxor .
This category includes all article dealing with the universe around the Donkey Kong character .
To the Biblical texts this adds the opening invocation '' Theotokos Virgin '' , the name '' Mary '' and the concluding '' for you have borne the Saviour of our souls '' .
It follows on from The Tombs of Atuan , which itself was a sequel to A Wizard of Earthsea .
Yoshinori Abe is a retired Japanese footballer .
Goldblum got the role of Adam in the upcoming film Adam Resurrected , a film adaptation of the Yoram Kaniuk novel .
He was also capped for the Brazilian national team .
Charmides becomes Archon of Athens .
One popular variation of coconut cake is coconut poke cake .
As of 2008 , the Uranian system has been studied up close only once : by the spacecraft Voyager 2 in January 1986 .
Bogdanor , Vernon (/O1995/O) .
On March 28 , 2005 , Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting split Adult Swim from Cartoon Network so Nielsen Media Research could treat it as a separate channel for ratings purposes .
His grandfather was a prominent physician and a social reformist who founded one of the first secular schools in Chile .
The ` Doctor ' part of the name is obvious from their test and diagnostic function , and the ` Yellow ' part comes from the bright yellow color they are all painted .
Randy Gene Moss ( born February 13 , 1977 ) is an American football wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League .
Accrington Stanley is an English association football club from Accrington in Lancashire , in the North West of England , who play in Football League Two , the fourth-highest division in the English football league system .
The public channel NET have only the broadcasting rights of Olympiacos and Skoda Xanthi .
New Midnight Express tried to keep Animal out of the ring while double teaming Hawk but once he re-entered the Legion simultaneously eliminated both Bob and Bart , leaving them the last team standing .
However , the true causes of the accident could never be fully clarified , but it is generally accepted that the likely cause was some form of human error .
Each service had an independent chain of command .
The Corypha species have the largest inflorescence of any plant , up to 7.5 meters tall and containing millions of small flowers .
Trade routes extended across Tanzania into modern day Democratic Republic of the Congo , along which goods were brought to the coasts and were sold to Arab , Indian , and Portuguese traders and even reached as far as China and India .
Indo-Canadians are Canadians whose origins trace back to India .
In 1895 the club moved to a new stadium , The Baseball Ground ( so called because it was previously used for baseball ) , which became their home for the next 102 years , and adopted their traditional colours of black and white .
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 485-487 .
Trace amounts of ammonia , acetylene , ethane , phosphine , and methane have also been detected .
He made his name on British television and is best known for his portrayal of Manuel in Fawlty Towers , a role for which he was BAFTA-nominated .
It often happens that all the mayflies in a population mature at once ( the hatch ) , and for a day or two in the spring or fall , mayflies will be everywhere , dancing around each other in large groups , or resting on every available surface .
The metric units gram and kilogram are units of mass .
The CACO consists of Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
In 1807 Prussian East Frisia and Jever were added to the kingdom but in 1809 , after a British invasion , Holland had to give over all territories south of the river Rhine to France .
Handbook of Death and Dying Sage , p. 138 .
The award consists of a trophy with a large lens .
Events May 9 -- The remains of Saint Nicholas are brought to Bari , Italy .
Drakes Branch is a town in Charlotte County , Virginia , United States .
The peace treaty which ended the war was signed in Pretoria on 3 August 1881 at the Pretoria Convention .
Life expectancy is shortened , with studies reporting an average life expectancy of 42 in males and 48 in females .
McCartney noted that the strings were able to keep themselves in the designated time , while the trumpets were '' much wilder '' .
Big game is a term sometimes used interchangeably with large game although in other contexts it refers to large , usually African , mammals ( like elephants ) which are hunted mainly for trophies , not for food .
The university soon grew to 800 students and 50 professors .
The history of astrometry is linked to the history of star catalogues , which gave astronomers reference points for objects in the sky so they could track their movements .
The original ground consisted of just two stands ( The Railway side and the Lorne Street main stand ) with banks of terracing at the Bycars and Hamil ends of the ground .
Legit no-shows are less frequent , since the wrestler ( or other employee ) is usually fired or suspended afterward .
Band history Inception ( 1999-2004 ) The band was formed in 1999 in Huntington Beach , California with original members M Shadows , Zacky Vengeance , The Rev and Matt Wendt .
Hambroek , however , urged the garrison to resist instead of surrender , and was executed after returning to Koxinga 's camp .
During their reign they supported each other effectively in accordance to their joint motto of equality : Tanto monta or monta tanto , Isabel como Fernando ( '' They amount to the same , Isabella and Ferdinand '' ) .
Tibor Sekelj ( in Hungarian : Székely Tibor ) ( 14 February 1912 -- 23 September 1988 ) was an explorer , esperantist , writer and lawyer of Jewish descent .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
He then joined the Australian Citizens Military Forces where he did two years service , before joining the 33rd Regiment in 1913 .
Rigside is a former mining village .
Day is known as '' Martin Luther King , Jr. \/O/ Civil Rights Day '' ; while in New Hampshire , its official name is '' Martin Luther King , Jr. . Civil Rights Day '' .
Though past research showed no correlation between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) and food dyes , new studies now point to synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents as aggravating ADD and ADHD symptoms , both in those affected by these disorders and in the general population .
The first to be established in Congress Poland were the Law School and the Medical School .
Roman roads remained in use as core trunk roads for centuries after the Romans withdrew from Britain in 410 AD .
The City has its own independent police force , the City of London Police - the Common Council ( the main body of the Corporation ) is the police authority .
The Dune universe has also inspired some traditional games and a series of video games .
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt is a Kreis ( district ) in the south of Thuringia , Germany .
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003 ; construction overran and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005 .
Typically , a dedicated corporate IM server has several advantages , such as pre-populated contact lists , integrated authentication , and better security and privacy .
The driver of the freight train , who survived the accident , testified in court that he had seen a green light from the dispatcher 's hand lantern , signalling him to pass through the station without stopping .
The press have used several other genres to describe Nevermore 's sound including groove metal , technical speed metal , technical thrash metal , progressive power\/thrash metal , death\/thrash metal , and melodic thrash metal .
Randalia is a city in Fayette County , Iowa , United States .
Retrieved on 2008-08-03 .
If the ovum is fertilized while in the Fallopian tube , then it normally implants in the endometrium when it reaches the uterus , which signals the beginning of pregnancy .
Douvres is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
With the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 , this league came to a halt but a championship for the region was still held , which FSV won in 1917 .
Springer considered running for the United States Senate in 2003 , but backed down due to negative associations with The Jerry Springer Show .
Spain , Greece and Italy have classifications which are based on a dual system of region of origin and quality of product .
Prudence '' Prue '' Halliwell -- ( Shannen Doherty ) ( Seasons 1 -- 3 ) 67 episodes
Dasypodidae is the only surviving family in the order Cingulata , part of the superorder Xenarthra along with the anteaters and sloths .
One argument against same-sex marriage arises from a rejection of the use of the word '' marriage '' as applied to same-sex couples , as well as objections about the legal and social status of marriage itself being applied to same-sex partners under any terminology .
Meat is animal flesh that is used as food .
In 1952 , AASHO permanently recognized the splits in U.S. Route 11 , U.S. Route 19 , U.S. Route 25 , U.S. Route 31 , U.S. Route 45 , U.S. Route 49 , U.S. Route 73 , and U.S. Route 99 .
The Christian church in general , and the English Church in particular , used Jerusalem as a metaphor for Heaven , a place of universal love and peace .
He opened a butcher 's shop at Haydonton in 1842 .
During the Rappenkrieg , a peasant uprising that lasted from 1612 until 1614 , the city was unsuccessfully besieged but devastated .
Strong 's endorsement of left-wing causes set her apart from her colleagues on the school board .
The lake is fed partly by underground springs although its main source is the Jordan River which flows through it from north to south .
Alfredo James '' Al '' Pacino ( born April 25 , 1940 ) is an American film and stage actor and director .
Fozzie Bear was originally Oz 's main character .
Velvet bean ( Mucuna pruriens ) Common in the southern US during the early part of the 20th century , before being replaced by soybeans .
Muzaffarabad ( Urdu : , Pahari : ) is the capital of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
He also wrote guides and essays on Esperanto , the international language .
Lead ( II ) acetate is also known as lead acetate , lead diacetate , plumbous acetate , sugar of lead , lead sugar , salt of Saturn , and Goulard 's powder ( after Thomas Goulard ) .
The massive 9.3 magnitude earthquake , epicentered just off the west coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra , generates enormous tsunami waves that crash into the coastal areas of a number of nations including Thailand , India , Sri Lanka , the Maldives , Malaysia , Myanmar , Bangladesh , and Indonesia .
A special case is , that is , revealing information about another editor that they have not revealed themselves and probably do not want known , such as their name ( if not revealed by the editor in question ) , phone number , or address .
One refers to a cut of beef ( usually brisket , but sometimes round or silverside ) cured or pickled in a seasoned brine .
If no goals are associated with a plaything , it is a toy .
Rand originally expressed her philosophical ideas in her novels The Fountainhead , Atlas Shrugged , and other works .
Thoa Mehram Khan is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
In topography , prominence , also known as autonomous height , relative height , shoulder drop ( in North America ) , or prime factor ( in Europe ) , is a concept used in the categorization of hills and mountains , also known as peaks .
As of 2009 , it is under the control of Adobe Systems .
The music video for the song was released in April 2007 on British television .
Today , he is best known for his achievements in algebra .
The edible fruit closely resembles that of the orange ( Citrus sinensis ) , but is much smaller and oval , being approximately the size and shape of an olive .
