The prayer is also used by Anglicans as well as by many other groups within the Western Catholic tradition of Christianity . A somewhat different form of the prayer that omits the explicit request for intercession is used in the Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox churches and other groups of Eastern Christianity .
Henry , Prince of Wales ( later Henry V of England ) retakes Aberystwyth from Owain Glynd r.
On October 9 , 2009 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced that Obama had won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize '' for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples '' .
Atty .
Also in 1972 , DDT was banned in the United States .
For most metals yield point is not sharply defined .
Q-Ball -- keyboard , synthesizer , turntables , backing vocals ( 1995 -- present )
The Gettysburg Address is a speech by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln and is one of the best-known speeches in United States history .
Chakai is a relatively simple course of hospitality that includes the service of confections , , and perhaps .
Rumesnil is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe , one who orders a '' warme chocolade '' or '' chocolat chaud '' would receive a cup of steamed white milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to dissolve in the milk .
Glamorgan or Glamorganshire ( or ) is one of the thirteen historic counties and a former administrative county of Wales .
Its name is Latin for normal , referring to a right angle , and is variously considered to represent a rule , a carpenter 's square , a set square or a level .
Taillades is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
Encyclopedia2 .
The song is laid out with an instrumental beginning , followed by three verses (/O0:13/O) , an orchestral crescendo (/O1:45/O) , a middle section (/O2:16/O) , an orchestral bridge (/O2:49/O) , the final verse (/O3:19/O) , a second orchestral crescendo (/O3:50/O) , and a final piano chord ( 4:21 -- 5:05 ) .
Chorus May the laurels be eternal the ones we managed to win , the ones we managed to win .
By 1842 , approximately 140 tonnes of grain were stored on the island .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
Field Marshal , was a field marshal in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II .
A string quartet is a musical ensemble of four string instruments -- usually two violins , a viola and cello -- or a piece written to be performed by such a group .
Rhinebeck is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Some of the topics include packing , the discovery of long-lost treasures , giving things away , and doing things one last time .
Unlike the Furbies originally released , just one order is necessary to make them ` sleep ' , and they have an on\/off switch .
Its de facto capital is Valletta and the largest city is Birkirkara .
The ten limbs are divided into 8 arms and 2 tentacles .
This has led to the giant impact hypothesis , the idea that the Moon was formed during a giant impact of the proto-Earth with another protoplanet by accretion of the material blown off the mantles of the proto-Earth and impactor .
In Asia , where feather shuttlecocks are more affordable than in Europe and North America , plastic shuttlecocks are hardly used at all .
In 2009 , the band released their fifth album Karma .
He also forms rivalries with characters Draco Malfoy , a classmate from an elitist wizarding family , and the cold , condescending Potions master , Severus Snape , Draco 's mentor and the head of Slytherin House .
Wolfgang-Felix Magath ( born 26 July 1953 ) is a former German football central midfielder , and a current manager .
He is one of the most financially successful hip hop artists and entrepreneurs in America , The Greatest MCs of All Time MTV .
It was this currency which was initially adopted as an Arab word ; then near the end of the 7th century the coin became an Islamic currency bearing the name of the sovereign and a religious verse .
A classic example of a highly toxic defoliant used for tactical purposes is Agent Orange , which was used widely by the U.S. military during the Vietnam War from 1961 to 1970 .
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild , foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either .
During the middle of the Muromachi period ( 1336 -- 1600 A.D. ) it reached its peak of usage .
Fire On warm days vapourised Eucalyptus oil rises above the bush to create the characteristic distant blue haze of the Australian landscape .
ZIP '' and the MIME media type application\/zip , although the ZIP file format has also been used by many programs , usually under a different name .
Mohammed Zahir Shah ( 15 October 1914 -- 23 July 2007 ) was the last King ( Shah ) of Afghanistan , reigning for four decades , from 1933 until he was ousted by a coup in 1973 .
Midian was based around the Clive Barker novel Cabal and its subsequent film adaptation Nightbreed .
The provincial capital is The Hague and its largest city is Rotterdam .
She took her A levels at the Hills Road Sixth Form College in Cambridge .
A puddle is generally considered to be small enough to step over or shallow enough to walk through , and too small to traverse with a boat , raft or submarine .
Wilma weakened to a moderate hurricane while over land , and reached the southern Gulf of Mexico on October 23 .
In hair , this results in the hair falling out and being replaced by a new one .
All materials have this tendency .
Available engines were the 1.4 litre 16 valve petrol engine which produced a DIN-rated , a 1.6 litre 8 valve petrol engine ( quickly replaced with a 16 valve unit ) , and included two variants of the Volkswagen Group 's 20 valve turbocharged 1.8 litre powerplant , ( with some countries also getting the 2.8 litre VR6 engine delivering .
Seer Gharbi also shares a border with the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District - to the north by Tajwal , to the east Nara and Nagri Totial , to the South by Seer Sharqi Bhattian and to the west by Palak .
The results or ` fruits ' of actions are called .
The eighth Crusade was organized by Louis IX in 1270 , again sailing from Aigues-Mortes , initially to come to the aid of the remnants of the crusader states in Syria .
Flint ( or flintstone ) is a hard , sedimentary cryptocrystalline form of the mineral quartz , General Quartz Information - Webmineral.com ( page contains java applets depicting 3d molecular structure ) Flint and Chert - quartzpage .
Undated The two colonies of the Canadas are merged into the Province of Canada .
Hey Monday is an American five-piece power pop/pop punk band originating from West Palm Beach , Florida .
Parma is a city in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna famous for its ham , its cheese , its architecture and the fine countryside around it .
He laid out the following rules and principles for testing the effectiveness of new drugs and medications :
The School District of Osceola County , Florida serves Kissimmee .
The true parrots are about 330 species of bird belonging to the Psittacidae family , one of the two '' traditional '' families in the biological order Psittaciformes ( parrots ) .
It is the birthplace of Shaikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , the first president of the United Arab Emirates .
The Oxford Parliament , led by Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester , leads to the acceptance by King Henry III of England of the Provisions of Oxford .
The ancient Greeks used mercury in ointments ; the ancient Egyptians and the Romans used it in cosmetics which sometimes deformed the face .
Adults are rarely seen in the open and often live in burrows that are usually 2 feet from the surface .
Wikipedia will also not use specific disclaimers within articles warning readers of such content .
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
Together with Trento , Trieste was a main focus of the irredentist movement , which aimed for the annexation to Italy of all the lands they claimed were inhabited by an Italian speaking population .
Some people do not believe that their gender identity corresponds to their biological sex , including transsexual people , transgender people , and many intersexed individuals .
This article is about the moon of Saturn ; for the mythological giant , see Enceladus ( mythology ) . Enceladus is the sixth-largest moon of Saturn .
For many years , this was the world 's only significant supply of protactinium .
Gordola is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He served two years on a merchant vessel at Hull before deserting to join the navy as a seaman .
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines , or Digitel .
On completion , the Woolworth building overtook the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower as the world 's tallest building ; it opened on April 24 , 1913 .
The band 's original name was to be The Mexican Economy , but was changed to avoid racial complications .
Refraction is the change in direction of a wave due to a change in its speed .
Rosh Hashanah is the first of the High Holidays or ( '' Days of Awe '' ) , or ( The Ten Days of Repentance ) which are days specifically set aside to focus on repentance that conclude with the holiday of Yom Kippur .
Video games in this category have been or will be released exclusively on the PlayStation 2 , and are not available for purchase or download on other video game consoles or personal computers . The only exception to this rule is when a game has been ported from the arcade directly to the PlayStation 2 .
Alan Leslie '' Fluff '' Freeman , MBE ( 6 July 1927 -- 27 November 2006 ) was a British disc jockey and radio personality in the United Kingdom for 40 years .
Accessed on line December 4 , 2007.51 Pegasi , SIMBAD query result .
He also obtained a licence from Lewis Paul for 250 spindles for his patent roller-spinning machine , a precursor of the water frame .
Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof ( born May 15 , 1991 ) is a German fashion model and winner of the third cycle of Germany 's Next Topmodel .
Nintendo of Japan produced a 60-minute anime feature which starred Mario and his friends in 1986 , although this film has never been released outside of Japan .
A military bunker is a hardened shelter , often buried partly or fully underground , designed to protect the inhabitants from falling bombs or other attacks .
The following day , the Sudanese military launched a major offensive in the region .
References Further reading Seewald , Jan : Theatrical Sculpture .
Leopold V of Austria ( d. 1194 )
In 1741 Duke Ernest Augustus I of Saxe-Weimar inheritated the Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach .
In 1969 the Lake Superior agate was designated by the Minnesota Legislature as the official state gemstone .
For balloons , helicopters and some specialized fixed-wing aircraft ( VTOL aircraft such as the Harrier ) , no runway is needed .
'' Our Time Now '' - 2:50
South Africa has a generally temperate climate , due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides , by its location in the climatically milder southern hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north ( towards the equator ) and further inland .
See List of towers Both towers and masts occupy limited floor space and are non-building structures , as opposed to regular buildings which have greater floor space for occupancy .
George Allen & Unwin , Ltd. of London published the first edition of The Hobbit on 21 September 1937 .
It was discovered when the Cassini spacecraft imaged Iapetus on December 31 , 2004 .
It is still widely used for barometric pressure in weather reports and aviation in the United States , but is seldom used elsewhere .
Texas Hold 'Em is one of the most popular forms of poker .
He claimed that he was the Mujaddid ( divine reformer ) of the 14th Islamic century , the promised Messiah ( '' Second Coming of Christ '' ) and Mahdi awaited by Muslims .
Archimedes is generally considered to be the greatest mathematician of antiquity and one of the greatest of all time .
Chowan County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
It can not be a prime number either , since any prime number is a product of a single prime , itself .
A Lyrebird is either of two species of ground-dwelling Australian birds , most notable for their superb ability to mimic natural and artificial sounds from their environment .
Although it is an important international sea lane , it is very shallow , and the maze of reefs and islands can make it hazardous to navigate .
Religions , deities , philosophies , doctrines , and their adherents Religions , sects , and churches and their followers ( in noun or adjective form ) start with a capital letter .
Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief ( also called Percy Jackson & The Lightning Thief ) is a 2010 fantasy-adventure film directed by Chris Columbus . The film is loosely based on The Lightning Thief , the first novel in the Percy Jackson & The Olympians series by Rick Riordan .
The capital of the district is Cully , but used to be Lutry .
He unsuccessfully ran for the presidency in the 1952 , 1958 , and 1964 elections .
Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles .
In 2000 , the United States National Nanotechnology Initiative was founded to coordinate Federal nanotechnology research and development and is evaluated by the President 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology .
The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator , or for a longer period in the freezer , after being blanched quickly in boiling water .
On three occasions , Fossey wrote that she witnessed the aftermath of the capture of infant gorillas at the behest of the park conservators for zoos ; since gorillas will fight to the death to protect their young , the kidnappings would often result in up to 10 adult gorillas ' deaths .
However , a bubble made with a pure liquid alone is not stable and a dissolved surfactant such as soap is needed to stabilize a bubble .
Green olives usually produce more bitter oil , and overripe olives can produce oil that is rancid , so for good extra virgin olive oil care is taken to make sure the olives are perfectly ripened .
The Easter Bunny will either put the baskets in a designated place or hide them somewhere in the house or garden for the children to find when they wake up in the morning .
Paula Sage , Scottish film actress and Special Olympics netball athlete .
Biography Early years Savonarola was born in Ferrara , the capital of an independent Duchy .
The core of that work is to measure , interpret , and describe the world and human activity patterns within it .
A record-breaking attendance for the Reliant Astrodome of 67,925 resulted in gross receipts of $ 3.5 million .
Lastly , a critical step : add for the information you have put into the stub ; see for information on how to do so in Wikipedia .
The '' joinery '' and '' joiner '' usage is obsolete in the USA , although the main carpenters ' trade union still calls itself the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America .
The Seattle Mariners are an American professional baseball team based in Seattle , Washington .
USE WIKIPEDIA AT YOUR OWN RISK PLEASE BE AWARE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU MAY FIND IN WIKIPEDIA MAY BE INACCURATE , MISLEADING , DANGEROUS , ADDICTIVE , UNETHICAL OR ILLEGAL .
During his playing career , Duffy won the Scottish PFA Players ' Player of the Year award for the 1984 & ndash ; 85 season .
The contestant with the purple rock would be eliminated .
The earliest available record of enrolment figures is 6 boys and 8 girls , in July 1844 .
A Night at the Opera is the fourth studio album by British rock group Queen , released in November 1975 .
Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth , released in 1992 .
It starred Michael Caton , Anne Tenney , Stephen Curry , and Charles ` Bud ' Tingwell .
Brunei
There was a common misconception that they repeated words that were said around them .
However , most ionizing radiation is filtered out by the atmosphere ( see Earth 's atmosphere ) .
Brown rats are often used as model organisms for scientific research .
Traditionally , these skills had been passed along through apprenticeships , however , more recently Jewelry Arts Schools specializing solely in teaching goldsmithing and a multitude of skills falling under the jewelry arts umbrella are available .
Rolling Stone 2004
Neuffons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He became a French subject in 1661 .
It is connected to the mainland by Incheon International Airport Expressway ( Expressway 130 ) , a part of which is Yeongjong Bridge .
Volume management treats PVs as sequences of chunks called physical extents ( PEs ) . Some volume managers ( such as that in HP-UX and Linux ) have PEs of a uniform size ; others ( such as that in Veritas ) has variably-sized PEs that can be split and merged at will .
Fagan intended to submit lawsuits in New York and Florida state courts , as well as in Frankfurt , Germany .
Macon is a city in Macon County , Illinois , United States whose population was 1,213 at the 2000 census .
Under the Basic Law , during times of peace the Bundeswehr reports to the secretary of defence , during time of war to the chancellor .
Ichiro Hosotani ( born January 21 , 1946 ) is a former Japanese football player .
This category contains articles on Television program .
Her father was the political philosopher William Godwin , and her mother was the philosopher and feminist Mary Wollstonecraft .
Most of the party 's income is from grants made by the retail co-operative societies , and from the fee charged for managing the political affairs of Co-operatives UK , formerly known as the Co-operative Union .
He has produced numerous films and television projects , including Clerks , Dogma , and Zack and Miri Make a Porno .
The footpath runs from Padstow in the north to Fowey in the south , a distance of 26 miles ( 41 km ) .
The album debuted at number fifty on the Billboard 200 for amassing sales of 61,000 copies .
The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup champions as they beat the Detroit Red Wings four games to one in the best-of-seven final series .
Manvieux is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city .
On two occasions he stood for Sheffield as a '' philosophic radical '' , but without success .
The amount of Rayleigh scattering that occurs for a beam of light is dependent upon the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light .
Unfortunately no ancient Teotihuacano non-ideographic texts are known to exist ( or known to have existed ) , but mentions of the city in inscriptions from Maya cities show that Teotihuacan nobility traveled to and perhaps conquered local rulers as far away as Honduras .
She 's mostly known for her unique writing style , a combination of grammatically perfect '' high-class '' Turkish and slang .
Matilda is a children 's novel by British author Roald Dahl .
The discovery images were taken on 28 August 1993 , hence the provisory designation .
The tachi is a Japanese sword , often said to be more curved and slightly longer than the katana .
Roquefort is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France .
Sir Richard was appointed by the High Court of the Admiralty to set up the first English law court in the New World in 1615 in Trinity .
Following the Partition of India in 1947 , Dhaka became the capital of East Pakistan .
The state 's boundaries include the Mississippi River and St. Croix River in the west , and the Menominee River in the northeast .
Austria-Hungary , also known as the Dual Monarchy or the k.u.k. Monarchy , was a monarchic union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe .
Despite promising pace in winter testing , the team struggled with technical problems in the early rounds of the season , with no points from the first six races .
Daytona Beach Shores is a city in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
Costner 's roles include Lt. John J. Dunbar in the film Dances with Wolves , Jim Garrison in JFK , Ray Kinsella in Field of Dreams , Robin Hood in ' , The Mariner in Waterworld , Robert Haynes in A Perfect World and Eliot Ness in The Untouchables .
Gesves is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
In 2004 , Le Guin was the recipient of the Association for Library Service to Children 's May Hill Arbuthnot Honor Lecture Award and the Margaret Edwards Award .
Aikido is often translated as '' the Way of unifying ( with ) life energy '' or as '' the Way of harmonious spirit . ''
Earlier file formats used raw data formats that consisted of directly dumping the memory images of one or more structures into the file .
In an interview with ActiveBass magazine he said that he has no contact with the professional bassists in his family .
This tended to emphasise Mrs Beeton 's feminist credentials , as well as playing on the assumption that many viewers would have been unaware of her relative youth when she wrote her books and her early death .
He was the eldest son of Afanasiy Bulgakov , an assistant professor at the Kiev Theological Academy .
On August 29 , 2010 , Earl strengthened to become the season 's third hurricane .
During the Monday Night Wars , the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) and World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , the two top North American wrestling promotions , competed for ratings .
The band was formed at the 1999 Reading Festival by Okereke and Lissack .
Owl City is an electronic\/synthpop musical project by singer , songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Adam Young , formed in 2007 . Young created the project while experimenting with music in his parents ' basement .
In addition , Dompig denied that any such statement was made , stating that Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with Holloway .
Until the mid-1980s , television programming in most countries of the world was dominated by a small number of broadcast networks .
The legs are very strong , straight , of moderate length , and are set well under . The shoulders are moderately laid back .
Anatomy Baleen whales are generally larger than toothed whales , and females are bigger than males .
Medleyville : Q&A : BRANDI CARLILE Carlile 's music has been categorized in several genres , including pop , rock , alternative country , indie and folk .
They usually provide the interrupt handling required for any necessary asynchronous time-dependent hardware interface .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
Montreal Expos ( - )
LaVey also appeared in Kenneth Anger 's film Invocation of my Demon Brother , acted as technical adviser on The Devil 's Rain , which starred Ernest Borgnine , William Shatner , and introduced John Travolta .
The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs , known simply as the National League ( NL ) , is the older of two leagues constituting Major League Baseball , and the world 's oldest extant professional team sports league .
He spent five months in prison , before the charges were dropped .
Consider replacing compound sentences with smaller sentences .
Reuniting the eastern and western portions of the empire , Theodosius was the last emperor of both the Eastern and Western Roman Empire .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment as a trainer and an on- air authority figure for Florida Championship Wrestling .
As the 1990s progressed , this posed a problem for Ford as every Aerostar made was now becoming a missed opportunity for Ford to sell an Explorer . Ford announced in 1996 that the 1997 model year would be the final year for Aerostar production .
The landscape of the Pennines is characterised by upland areas of high moorland indented by more fertile river valleys .
Grace Patricia Kelly ( November 12 , 1929 - September 14 , 1982 ) was an Irish American actress and Princess consort of Monaco .
In 2000 , Warner Bros. decided to make the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies library exclusive to fellow Time Warner properties , specifically Cartoon Network .
History Camembert was reputedly invented in 1791 by Marie Harel , a farmer from Normandy , thanks to advice from a priest who came from Brie .
The main settlements of South Yorkshire grew up around the industries of mining and steel manufacturing .
Ambedkar National Congress is a political party based in India .
The strings are often tuned in fifths , although this tuning is by no means universal .
Their third record , Weathered , was released in 2001 with Mark Tremonti handling bass before the band disbanded in 2004 .
The voltmeter works by measuring the current through a fixed resistor , which , according to Ohm 's Law , is proportional to the voltage difference across the resistor .
The three elements derive from the medieval counties in the area now covered by the district .
The second single released as a digital single was '' Mad as Rabbits '' ( released as a digital single on iTunes ) , although this was not really a radio single , a video was made ( clips of them recording the song and clips of the filming of '' That Green Gentleman '' were used ) .
In 1993 , at the Hamburg club , Ullrich won the world amateur road championship in Oslo , as Lance Armstrong won the professional championship .
Noah 's Ark ( , Tavat No'ach ; , N h Fulk n ) is the vessel which , according to the Book of Genesis ( chapters 6-9 ) and the Quran ( surah hud ) , was built by Noah at God 's command to save himself , his family , and the world 's animals from a worldwide deluge .
Tiridates III of Parthia ruled c. 35-36 AD
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
p. 97 '' Mr. Moustache '' was inspired by Cobain 's dislike of macho behavior , Azerrad , 1994 .
A , Molecular & Integrative Physiology 136:851 -- 865 After hatching , young Echidnas are known as puggles .
In 2011 , U.S. News & World Report ranked Hamilton the 18th best national liberal arts college in the United States .
In the oil industry , xanthan gum is used in large quantities , usually to thicken drilling mud .
In physics , a field is a physical quantity associated to each point of spacetime .
At the urging of the Countess , Susanna enters and she agrees to arrange to meet the Count later that night ( duet : Crudel , perché finora -- '' Cruel girl , why until now have you allowed me to languish '' ) since the Countess herself plans to meet the Count but disguised as Susanna .
Opeth 's earlier works often made use of twin-guitar harmonies , although they were phased out on later releases .
The first stage was opened in 1979 , with a second stage opened in 1986 .
Line ( electrical engineering ) , a circuit or loop
It is present in over 1,700 universities across the globe , provides more than 10,000 leadership experiences to its members and sends students and graduates on 10,000 international exchanges yearly .
They are culturally and genetically linked to Melanesian peoples and those of Papua New Guinea .
Benzene is a natural constituent of crude oil , and is one of the most basic petrochemicals .
Artesian wells were named after the former province of Artois in France , where many artesian wells were drilled by Carthusian monks from 1126 .
Adrianus '' Arjan '' de Zeeuw ( born 16 April 1970 in Castricum , North Holland ) is a retired Dutch footballer , who played as a centre-back .
Instead , Stoddart turned his attentions to the U.S. based Champ Car series .
At the time , Lancaster was the smallest city in the country with a television station .
However , J. K. Rowling said the difference between Harry and Voldemort is that Harry willingly accepts mortality , making him stronger than his nemesis .
Another threat to albatrosses is introduced species , such as rats or feral cats , which directly attack the albatross or its chicks and eggs .
With the fall of Napoleon and Baciocchi , Viareggio was the center of several acts of violence .
The opposing coast , which is roughly parallel to the east coast , runs from Gibraltar Point to the mouth of the River Welland , all within Lincolnshire .
Aside from success in racing , Castroneves won the fifth season of the American reality TV show Dancing with the Stars with partner Julianne Hough .
She writes her own songs , does the arrangements for most of them and has also written songs for many famous singers such as Tarkan and brahim Tatl ses .
Graal can be played online , and offline as there it has the ability to be edited by anyone !
It moved northwestward , and within an environment of light wind shear and warm waters it steadily strengthened to reach peak winds of 165 mph ( 265 km\/h ) on September 11 .
According to Gylfaginning , a book of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda , Baldr 's wife is Nanna and their son is Forseti .
But as much as Wilbur loves them , they will never replace the memory of Charlotte .
Most of the Finnish people ( 92 percent ) speak Finnish as their mother tongue .
BBC Four launched on 2 March 2002 '' Culture , controversy and cutting edge documentary : BBC FOUR prepares to launch '' , BBC Press Office , 14 February 2002 .
Servaas '' Faas '' Wilkes ( October 13 , 1923 & ndash ; August 15 , 2006 ) was a Dutch football forward , who earned a total of 38 caps for the Dutch nation team , in which he scored 35 goals ( average 0.92 goals per game ) .
The highest peak in the Pacific Northwest is Mt. Rainier , in the Washington Cascades , at .
Significant flooding resulted in much of eastern Florida , along with some wind damage .
Bees use poppies as a pollen source .
The resulting eye is a mixture of a simple eye within a compound eye .
Electric Gardens , ( Electric Gardens Festival ) , sometimes abbreviated to ` EGFestival ' , or ` EGFest ' , or sometimes simply ` EG ' , is a medium sized ` Boutique ' Music Festival situated at Mount EphraimElectric Gardens Info ; retrieved on [ 2007-12-23 ] , Faversham in Kent .
The Volvo C30 is a small car produced by Volvo Cars , a subsidiary of the Ford Motor Company .
Sunday Night Heat was soon renamed to WWE Heat , as it no longer aired on Sundays .
It is an integral membrane protein ; or , more typically , an assembly of several proteins .
Characterization Gabrielle 's bardic skills appear to be natural and self-taught .
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1686 Halley published the second part of the results from his Helenian expedition , being a paper and chart on trade winds and monsoons .
Bergueneuse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Port Arthur is one of Australia 's most significant heritage areas and the open air museum is officially Tasmania 's top tourist attraction .
Born in British India in Balochistan , in what is now Pakistan , she lived the final 25 years of her life in Pune , India .
Charles VI ( 3 December 1368 -- 21 October 1422 ) , called the Well-loved ( ) and the Mad ( or le Fou ) , was the King of France from 1380 to 1422 , as a member of the House of Valois .
Dumfries ( Dum-frece ) is a market town and former royal burgh within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland and is situated close to the Solway Firth , near the mouth of the River Nith .
The team 's colors were white and red .
Russian scientists contested this conclusion , however , claiming that it was the body of Maria that was missing .
Civil liberties campaign group Big Brother Watch have published several research papers into CCTV systems .
Population of the Municipality of Ioannina .
Digital signatures cryptographically bind an electronic identity to an electronic document and the digital signature can not be copied to another document . Paper contracts often have the ink signature block on the last page , and the previous pages may be replaced after a signature is applied .
August 1 -- Battle of Minden : Anglo -- Hanoverian forces under Ferdinand of Brunswick defeat the French army of the Duc de Broglie , but due to the disobedience of the English cavalry commander Lord George Sackville , the French are able to withdraw unmolested .
Machine code or machine language is a system of instructions and data executed directly by a computer 's central processing unit .
She has written a large number of autobiographical works , many dealing with her spiritual beliefs as well as her Hollywood career .
Charon is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet Pluto .
Other arc welding processes include atomic hydrogen welding , electroslag welding , electrogas welding , and stud arc welding .
Over 600 species are known to be venomous- about a quarter of all snake species .
It lies in a warm , well sheltered , fertile valley , surrounded by the hills of the Magaliesberg range , 1,370 m ( 4,495 ft ) above sea level .
The same is true of the synonyms technical terms , terms of art , shop talk and words of art , which do not necessarily refer to technology or art.Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of LawMcGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern MedicineWest 's Encyclopedia of American Law Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
There , the Hiawatha Line light rail line connects the mall to the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport and from there to downtown Minneapolis ( another major shopping destination in the region , particularly during weekdays ) and terminates at Target Field home of the Minnesota Twins ( MLB baseball team ) .
Other well-known copper ( II ) compounds include copper ( II ) acetate and copper ( II ) nitrate .
In Virginia , a town is an incorporated municipality similar to a city ( though with a smaller required minimum population ) , but while cities are by Virginia law independent of counties , towns are contained within a county .
He was the last surviving person to hold that position and the only one to survive World War II .
Arad ( ; , ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana ( most of it ) and Banat ( south of the Mures\/Maros river ) , with the capital city at Arad ( population : 185,272 ) .
These tables can then be joined together , or simple fields can be chosen from them .
He was also an innovative composer of instrumental music .
Dan Kelly and Steve Hart also died on the day of the siege by taking poison while Ned Kelly was captured and tried in Melbourne .
Nationally , as a result of the Fraud Review 2008 the force was recognized as the lead police force for fraud and granted funding from government to further develop its capabilities nationally and internationally .
At the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , held in Tokyo , Oda once again performed too many combinations and placed 7th overall .
Dialysis may be used for those with an acute disturbance in kidney function ( acute kidney injury , previously acute renal failure ) or for those with progressive but chronically worsening kidney function- a state known as chronic kidney disease stage 5 ( previously chronic renal failure or end-stage kidney disease ) .
Its waves oscillate between the two and three height meters , and allows the surfers to select their waves .
( In the early days , after George Harrison made a passing comment that he liked jelly babies , the group was showered with them at all of their live performances . )
Aaliyah Dana Haughton ( January 16 , 1979 - August 25 , 2001 ) , who performed under the mononym Aaliyah , was an American recording artist , actress and model .
Wotan spares Mime , telling him that only '' he who does not know fear '' can reforge Nothung , and leaves Mime 's head forfeit to that person .
They failed , however ; later in the winter of 1461 to 1462 Vlad crossed south of the Danube and devastated the area between Serbia and the Black Sea .
It was renovated and re-opened in 2009 as a cultural arts center .
deb packages .
The caliphate was ruled by the Fatimids , who established the Egyptian city of Cairo as their capital .
In the 1980s , it was discovered that M. cerebralis needs to infect a tubificid oligochaete ( a kind of segmented worm ) to complete its life-cycle .
It is highly regarded by architectural scholars ; the eminent Victorian writer John Ruskin declared , '' I have always held ... that the cathedral of Lincoln is out and out the most precious piece of architecture in the British Isles and roughly speaking worth any two other cathedrals we have . ''
While these literary sources do not prove that the punishment still took place they do provide evidence that it had not been forgotten .
Burke County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Coca ( Erythroxylum coca ) is a plant in the family Erythroxylaceae , native to western South America .
Jamestown was founded in 1659 by the East India Company and named after James , Duke of York , the future King James II of England .
His reign saw vital developments in legislature and government -- in particular the evolution of the English parliament -- as well as the ravages of the Black Death .
In geometry , a cuboid is a solid figure bounded by six faces , forming a convex polyhedron .
In business , retail , and accounting , a cost is the value of money that has been used up to produce something , and hence is not available for use anymore .
Given the ongoing anthropogenic disturbance of the Cyclops Mountain forest habitat , this has raised concern that Z. attenboroughi populations may already be endangered or even locally extirpated .
Cantabria , Asturias , La Rioja , and the Region of Murcia were granted autonomy as single provinces with historical regional identity , as well as Navarra , even though the latter was granted autonomy through the '' update and improvement '' of the medieval charters ( in Spanish fueros ) ;
On March 5 , 2009 the Indian government announced a contest to create a symbol for the rupee .
Under the patronage of Pope Julius II , Michelangelo painted of the chapel ceiling between 1508 and 1512 .
It travels roughly east to west , and several tributaries from the north and south join it as it flows to Big Tujunga Reservoir , formed by Big Tujunga Dam .
Maria attempts to phone Kelsey , but sets off the alarms again , causing the Archetype to escape , transferring the focus upon him .
Imigrantes : Outras Etnias People of mixed-race ancestry predominate in a few towns in the north .
David Bowie as Nikola Tesla , the real life inventor who creates a device for Angier .
It borders the English ceremonial counties of Shropshire to the north , Worcestershire to the east , Gloucestershire to the southeast , and the Welsh preserved counties of Gwent to the south west and Powys to the west .
He was called to work in Padua , and also in Rimini , where today only a Crucifix remains in the Church of St. Francis , painted before 1309 .
Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll that was first popular in the United States and Canada from about 1963 to 1967 .
It is a large evergreen coniferous tree reaching 40 - 50 m tall , exceptionally 60 m , with a trunk up to 3 m diameter .
Linkin Park 's following studio albums , Meteora and Minutes to Midnight , released in 2003 and 2007 respectively , continued the band 's success .
Much of the activity in this era was in the Lachlan Valley , around Forbes , Yass and Cowra .
Bounty reached Tahiti on 26 October 1788 , after ten months at sea .
Martin '' Marty '' Wright ( born July 15 , 1964 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name The Boogeyman .
Bruce Anchor Group no longer produces the genuine Bruce , although other companies manufacture copies .
Chervey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mopti is the fifth administrative region of Mali , covering 79,017 km .
In the days of DOS , each game using the game port ( s ) had to do its own calibration , often each time the game started , and some poorly coded calibration routines even failed to work consistently and properly , rendering some joysticks unusable with some games .
Vice City was preceded by Grand Theft Auto III and followed by Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas .
Spitz ( band ) , a Japanese rock band
It is usually performed by a specialized medical doctor called a pathologist .
The tropical storm continued to move towards Florida , and became a hurricane only two hours before it made landfall between Hallandale Beach and Aventura , Florida on the morning of August 25 .
He was a vocal proponent of unrestricted submarine warfare .
Karl continued strengthening and became a 145 mph ( 230 km\/h ) Category 4 hurricane on September 21 .
'' The Sixties '' , Bantam ; Revised edition ( July 1 , 1993 ) ISBN 0553372122 ) over the perceived potential for totalitarianism among other things .
He attended the Continental Congress , and served in political office until the end of his life .
Zircons from Jack Hills in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane , Yilgarn Craton , Western Australia , have yielded U-Pb ages up to 4.404 billion years , interpreted to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on Earth .
Zhejiangopterus is a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur , known from one species , which lived in China during the late Cretaceous Period .
The Lupo is a city car manufactured by German automaker Volkswagen from 1998 to 2005 .
The Rubik 's Cube is a 3-D mechanical puzzle invented in 1974 by Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Ern Rubik .
If an issue is '' snowballed '' , and somebody later raises a reasonable objection , then it probably was not a good candidate for the snowball clause .
However , in many ways , West Berlin functioned as the de facto 11th state of West Germany , and was portrayed on maps published in the West as being a part of West Germany .
Included among the pages of the diary are more than 500 newspaper clippings ; a '' collage effect '' which enhances the diary 's historical significance .
The Victory Column is a major tourist attraction to the city of Berlin and opens daily : 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 6:30 p.m. ( April & ndash ; October ) , and 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 5:30 p.m. ( November & ndash ; March ) .
'' Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) '' is an R&B song by American R&B recording artist Beyoncé Knowles , composed by Christopher Stewart , Terius Nash , Kuk Harrell and Knowles for her third solo album , I Am ... Sasha Fierce .
After she discovers that Snow White did not die , she disguises herself as an old hag and uses a poisoned apple in order to kill Snow White .
In March 1886 , he moved to Paris and discovered the French Impressionists .
Several other large craters about 150 k wide and 7 k deep are also present .
The Socialist Party is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers International and is the largest of its forty members .
Queens was the home of Shea Stadium , the former home of New York Mets of Major League Baseball and the New York Jets of the National Football League , as well as the temporary home of the New York Yankees and the New York Football Giants . Citi Field , the Mets ' current home , is located adjacent to where Shea once stood .
This category is for players who played ice hockey for the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey League , National Hockey Association and predecessor leagues .
Bananas are a valuable source of vitamin B6 , vitamin C , and potassium .
He is also called James the Greater to distinguish him from James , son of Alphaeus , who is also known as James the Less .
As a result of strong wind shear , the depression remained weak and did not strengthen beyond tropical depression status .
Year 1443 ( MCDXLIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is 1050 f above sea level , one of the highest points on any motorway in the UK ( junction 22 of the M62 on Saddleworth Moor is higher ) .
They then saw some men that looked like palace gardeners , who told them to go straight on .
The population of Joensuu is .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 3 .
The Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and Strathearn 1 May 1850 1942 , 16 January Married 1879 , Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia ; had issue .
Most elements have more than one possible oxidation state .
Henry , Prince of Wales ( later Henry V of England ) retakes Aberystwyth from Owain Glynd r.
Prime Curios
An earthquake of local origin which caused considerable damage was the 1986 North Palm Springs earthquake , which registered at a magnitude of 6.0 , injuring 29 people and destroying 51 homes .
Hypobromous acid is a weak , unstable acid with chemical formula HOBr .
Gualdim Pais , Great Master of the Templars in Portugal ( b. 1118 )
His sisters were the concert pianist and human rights worker Hephzibah Menuhin and the pianist , painter , and poet Yaltah Menuhin .
Future extensions of Interstate 69 and possibly Interstate 66 are proposed to run concurrent with Interstate 24 in the Eddyville to Calvert City corridor .
The relative efficiency of jet propulsion decreases further as animal size increases .
In 1920 he joined the NSDAP .
In recent decades , the dish has become very popular in Australia , Sweden , Finland , Denmark and Norway . Called , in Swedish , , in Finnish , ' in Danish , and ' in Norwegian , especially among children .
Blood can leave the erectile tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
Anthony '' Tony '' Norris ( born June 6 , 1970 ) , better known by his ring name , Ahmed Johnson , is an American former professional wrestler .
Minonk is a city in Woodford County , Illinois , United States .
Saint Francis College
He played college football at Miami University ( Oxford , Ohio ) .
Forecasters typically issue gale warnings when winds of this strength are expected .
It has long , pointed ears and a squared-off muzzle .
Both the city and the municipality rank as the third largest in the state .
Because Burma 's military leaders did not count the full death toll from Nargis , leaving the area shortly after it hit , and the fact that thousands more people were still missing or washed out at sea , it was feared up to 1 million people might have died in this disaster .
Catherine Jinks ( born 1963 ) is an Australian author .
Joining the Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie ( VOC ) Dutch East India Company in 1639 , he served in a number of posts , including that of an assistant surgeon in the Batavia in the East Indies .
Wanting to seduce Elvira 's maid , Giovanni persuades Leporello to exchange cloak and hat with him .
Hera wakes up while breastfeeding and then realizes she is nursing an unknown baby : she pushes the baby away and a jet of her milk sprays the night sky , producing the faint band of light known as the Milky Way .
They formed in 1988 in Scarborough , Ontario , a suburb of Toronto .
Oda is the 17th direct descendant of Oda Nobunaga , Skate Today : Oda Continues Ancestor 's Fighting Spirit a daimyo during Japan 's Sengoku period who conquered most of Japan .
The Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex , ( 27 January 1773 - 21 April 1843 ) , was the sixth son of George III of the United Kingdom and his consort , Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
Catch Me If You Can was released on December 25 , 2002 , earning slightly above $ 30 million in 3,225 theaters during its opening weekend .
Never able to qualify out of the Interzonal stages into the Candidates ' series , Miles eventually lost the race to become the first British Candidate , when Nigel Short did so in 1985 .
The motion of negatively charged electrons around an electric circuit , one of the most familiar forms of current , is thus deemed positive in the opposite direction to that of the electrons .
The film stars the voice of Jack Black as the panda , Po , along with the voices of Dustin Hoffman , Angelina Jolie , Ian McShane , Lucy Liu , Seth Rogen , David Cross , Randall Duk Kim , James Hong and Jackie Chan .
In the early new year , guitarist Brainard decided to leave the band due to personal reasons .
ads as well as in the Stone Temple Pilots music video '' Sour Girl '' and Marcy Playground music video '' Comin ' Up From Behind '' . In 2007 , she was ranked # 54 on FHM Hot 100 List and was a celebrity spokesperson for Maybelline .
Although known primarily as a guitarist , he is also an accomplished singer , keyboardist , and also plays other instruments , such as banjo , accordion , synthesiser , piano , bass guitar and drums , on his own solo albums , several Who albums , and as a guest contributor to a wide array of other artists ' recordings .
The deepest living seaweeds are some species of red algae .
He went to Paris to study harmony with the Abbé Nicolas Roze , chorus master at the Saints-Innocents .
Minneapolis name mean '' City of Waters . ''
Rooibos , ( , like '' roy-bos '' ) , Afrikaans for '' red bush '' ; scientific name Aspalathus linearis ) is a broom-like member of the legume family of plants .
Most SAS drives provide tagged command queuing , while most newer SATA drives provide native command queuing , each of which has its pros and cons .
The Worshipful Company of Cordwainers receives the right to regulate the leather trade in London , England .
Watterson admits that Calvin and Susie have a nascent crush on each other , and that Susie is inspired by the type of woman whom Watterson himself found attractive and eventually married .
The Duchy of Courland and Semigallia is the name of a duchy in the Baltic region that existed from 1562 to 1569 as a vassal state of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and from 1569 the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , but on March 28 , 1795 , it was annexed by the Russian Empire in the third Partition of Poland .
The player controls Cryptosporidium 137 ( an obvious reference to the protozoan parasite Cryptosporidium ) , a member of the Furon race of aliens , who has come to Earth to harvest DNA from humans to continue the cloning process of his species .
Lazarus taxa are observational artifacts that appear to occur either because of ( local ) extinction , later resupplied , or as a sampling artifact .
She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series Party of Five , as Sarah Reeves , and films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel , as Julie James .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
While in Mexico Eisenstein mixed socially with Frida Kahlo , and Diego Rivera .
These notes contain what is considered the first computer program -- that is , an algorithm encoded for processing by a machine .
The idea of the film was originally conceived when Kitase wrote a script focused on Cloud 's and Tifa 's story .
It was released as the second single from her first greatest hits album , Greatest Hits ... So Far ! ! !
With two hit singles , '' Crazy on You '' ( # 35 , 1976 ) and '' Magic Man '' ( # 9 , 1976 ) , According to Hollywood Insider , Feb. , 1976 , '' Magic Man '' was written about love interest Herbert L. Becker .
Aznavour started his global farewell tour in late 2006 , which continues through this day .
Lozinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The rebec ( sometimes rebeck , and originally various other spellings ) is a bowed string musical instrument .
The song features a slide guitar part played by George Harrison .
Monstera is a genus of 22 ( -25 ) species of flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
Edmund Beecher Wilson ( 19 October 1856 -- 3 March 1939 ) was a pioneering American zoologist and geneticist .
Bayoneta and Viveros were disbanded , with all remaining contestants spread across the new Casaya and La Mina tribes of seven people each .
Some version simply changed the political character of the song :
The Elamite language is generally treated as an isolate language .
The last remainined Jetix in the world , Russian Jetix , was replaced by a Disney brand on August 10 , 2010 .
Usually , if the music containing the trill was written before 1800 the trill is played by starting a note above the written note .
The Papacy makes a permanent move back from Avignon to Rome , ending the Avignon Papacy .
Most likely , the name comes from the perceived resemblance that some of the flowers bear to the sun and its rays , and in fact a species of Solanum ( Solanum nigrum ) is known as the sunberry .
The word '' parachute '' comes from the French '' para '' , meaning '' to prepare for '' originally from the Latin '' parare '' , and '' chute '' , the French word for '' fall '' .
Brockley is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Lewisham .
According to Ric Flair in his autobiography , To Be the Man , Dusty Rhodes invented the concept .
He showed remarkable compositional talent in his early years , but this promise was never really fulfilled .
Directed by Rob Sitch , the screenwriting team comprised Sitch , Santo Cilauro , Tom Gleisner and Jane Kennedy of Working Dog Productions .
Hurricane Mitch was the deadliest Atlantic hurricane since the Great Hurricane of 1780 , displacing the Galveston Hurricane of 1900 as the second-deadliest on record .
Exalead ( in English ) is a French search engine involved in the Quaero project .
Hitler 's speech , which emphasised the importance of Christianity in German culture , was aimed particularly at appeasing the Centre Party 's sensibilities and incorporated Kaas ' requested guarantees almost verbatim .
It adopted their racial and political doctrines .
The human species
Once dressed , the family and the small circle of servants who had remained with them were herded into a small room in the house 's sub-basement and told to wait .
This differs from a café , which is an informal restaurant , offering a range of hot meals , and possibly being licensed to serve alcohol .
The origins of the village and its name are unclear , however there is evidence of Iron Age hill fort and a Roman villa in the area .
Robson played football whenever he possibly could but also worked as an electrician 's apprentice for the National Coal Board in the Langley Park colliery .
Scottish ) , mostly for countries '' - ish '' is usually only proper as an adjective .
The collisions of atoms are elastic collisions ( Rutherford backscattering is one example ) .
Business setup costs are also much lower than other large cities in the country and there is a comprehensive system of tax breaks , etc. on offer for businesses which locate in Hiroshima .
McGraw-Hill , Seventh edition .
the poor countries are mainly in India , Africa and South America .
He developed the ideas of Keynesian economics , and advocated government intervention to stabilize output and avoid recessions .
It had a long , low , hornless skull and vaulted frontal and nasal bones .
It was Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz during 1676 - 1689 who first attempted a mathematical formulation of the kind of energy which is connected with motion ( kinetic energy ) .
The girl 's mother wrote letters of complaint to the California Attorney General and to Los Angeles prosecutors .
He began an apprenticeship at the photography studio of W.R. Bowles in Hopkinsville .
Sparta is a city in Randolph County , Illinois , United States .
He also compiled 6 home runs and 21 runs batted in .
This results in a set of twins with identical genes from the mother 's side , but different genes from the father 's side .
In the second featurette , the story of '' Mickey and the Beanstalk '' was narrated by Edgar Bergen in live-action sequences , who , with the help of his ventriloquist 's puppets Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd , told the tale to child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party .
It is an annual herbaceous plant growing tall .
Independent assortment occurs during meiosis I in eukaryotic organisms , specifically metaphase I of meiosis , to produce a gamete with a mixture of the organism 's maternal and paternal chromosomes .
'' ROBOT '' Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary .
In humans , the ileum is about 2-4 m long , and the pH is usually between 7 and 8 ( neutral or slightly alkaline ) .
The shoots are dimorphic , with growth divided into long shoots typically 10-50 cm long and bearing several buds , and short shoots only 1-2 mm long with only a single bud .
India and Tibet saw emphasis on painted sculptures and dance with religious painting borrowing many conventions from sculpture and tending to bright contrasting colors with emphasis on outlines .
At the age of five , Wesley was rescued from the burning rectory .
Based on 86 reviews , the film a '' rotten '' approval rating of 19 % , with an average score of 4.4 \/O/ 10 .
The Iraqi government and military collapsed within three weeks of the beginning of the U.S.-led 2003 invasion of Iraq on 20 March .
Collinsville is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma , and a part of the Tulsa , Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Like other non-mammalian synapsids , therocephalians are described as mammal-like reptiles , although in fact , Therocephalia is the group most closely related to the cynodonts , which gave rise to the mammals .
The data are from the 2010 U.S. Census .
The nominate subspecies of this parakeet is 29 cm long on average , with a 48 cm wingspan , and weighs 100 g. Females tend to be 10-20 % smaller but can only be reliably sexed by DNA blood or feather testing .
The Wawel Dragon ( in Polish : Smok Wawelski ) , also known as the Dragon of Wawel Hill , is a famous dragon in Polish folklore .
At the match ultimately arranged , Moore first beat Ponzi out of $ 80 playing nine-ball , and then beat him at his own game of choice , straight pool , with Moore scoring 125 points to Ponzi 's 82 .
As the name suggests , the genre is a fusion of heavy metal with traditional folk music .
However in the colonial context , the term princely states is generally preferred , specially for those that came under the sway of a European colonising power , e.g. , the British Indian and neighbouring or associated ( e.g. , Arabian ) princely states were ruled by monarchs called Princes by the British , regardless of the native styles , which could be equivalent to royal or even imperial rank in the autochthonous cultures .
Although these dogs are very helpful , the origins of this arrangement are unknown .
The player will also choose technologies to research .
The aim was to increase speed , reliability , safety and line capacity , through a series of measures which would make services more attractive to passengers and freight operators , thus recovering traffic that was being lost to the roads .
She was soon appointed second oboe with the Royal Opera House touring company , which was conducted by John Barbirolli .
In complexity theory , the satisfiability problem ( SAT ) is a decision problem , whose instance is a Boolean expression written using only AND , OR , NOT , variables , and parentheses .
Mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation , and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world , placing a high priority upon family life .
In science , valence electrons are the outermost electrons of an atom , which are important in determining how the atom reacts chemically with other atoms .
The land claim was partly successful and , in 1986 , three areas in the eastern part of Stage Two were granted to the Jabiluka Aboriginal Land Trust .
Otto Frank , the only survivor of the family , returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that Anne 's diary had been saved , and his efforts led to its publication in 1947 .
The Song Dynasty in China .
In 1942 , Ford interrupted his film career to volunteer for duty in World War II with the United States Marine Corps Reserve on December 13 , 1942 .
However , none of the pre-Roman inhabitants of Britain have any known surviving written language . No literature of pre-Roman Britain has survived , so its history , culture and way of life are known mainly through archaeological finds .
Harvey Birdman , Attorney at Law features ex-superhero Harvey T. Birdman of Birdman and the Galaxy Trio as an attorney working for a law firm alongside other cartoon stars from 1960s and 1970s Hanna-Barbera cartoon series .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
The Almoravids ( Berber : Im ab en , Arabic : Al-Mur bi n ) were a Berber dynasty of North Africa , who lived between the current Senegal and south of Western Sahara .
Its name comes from the city of Valencia , Spain , known through history for its sweet orange trees , originally from India .
Bolzano is also the capital of the province of Bolzano-Bozen .
The Little Carpathians ( also : Lesser Carpathians , ; ; ) are a low , about 100 km long , mountain range , part of the Carpathian Mountains .
; 2010 On November 27 , 2009 it was announced that Peter Sauber would repurchase the team conditional upon the team receiving a FIA entry for the 2010 season .
Each time slot can be assigned to a different channel in order to exploit advantages of frequency-hopping and to avoid interference from other users in asynchronous fashion .
Pretoria itself is sometimes referred to as ` Tshwane ' in a controversial proposed name change , the status of which is still being decided as of 2010 .
This example indicates the probability for not only cultural bias but also confirmation bias and bias blind spot in psychiatric diagnosis and psychiatric beliefs .
Joseph Willem Mengelberg ( 28 March 1871 - 21 March 1951 ) was a Dutch conductor , famous for his performances of Mahler and Strauss with the Concertgebouw Orchestra .
Until Roberto Luongo was named captain of the Vancouver Canucks on September 30 , 2008 , he was the last goalie to be a captain in the National Hockey League , and one of seven in history .
Sonata Arctica are a Finnish power metal band from the town of Kemi , originally assembled in 1995 .
The tellurate ion is TeO42 or TeO66 .
He went on to say that '' she had such a charm , even before the camera , she was just like a little sweetheart .
Oregano is high in antioxidant activity , due to a high content of phenolic acids and flavonoids .
Michael Garrett Shanks ( born December 15 , 1970 ) is a Canadian actor who achieved fame for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the long-running science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
He tries to pick flowers from his mother 's prize rose garden to sell to a neighbor and he tries to trade his little brothers snake .
In the series , Fey portrays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French ( which was restarted in December 2006 ) .
The goal of innovation is positive change , to make someone or something better .
Martigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The word borough derives from common Germanic \* burgs , meaning fort : compare with bury ( England ) , burgh ( Scotland ) , Burg ( Germany ) , borg ( Scandinavia ) , burcht ( Dutch ) and the Germanic borrowing present in neighbouring Indo-european languages such as borgo ( Italy ) , bourg ( France ) , burgo ( Spain ) , and burgo ( Portuguese ) .
When his attempt to arrest Kelly turned into a fight , Hall drew his gun and tried to shoot him , but Kelly overpowered the policeman and humiliated him by riding him like a horse .
Deacon Palmer is Doug 's best friend , and can often be seen going to Knicks games with Doug or just hanging out with Spence , Richie , and Danny .
The flag of the state of Kansas was adopted in 1927 .
'' Viva la Vida '' was initially released only with iTunes Store pre-orders of Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends on 7 May 2008 - the '' new edit '' version of the song - which led to the song 's temporary exclusion from the UK Singles Chart .
CaCO3 + CO2 + H2O Ca ( HCO3 ) 2
Professional wrestling career World Wrestling Entertainment ( 2005 2008 ) In November 2004 , Lashley began working in the professional wrestling area and signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment .
The last reorganization of the districts was done in 1975 , when the number of districts was reduced from 10 to 5 , and the number of district-free cities from six to three .
After the success of Advance Wars , Intelligent Systems , the company that created the original game , began designing a sequel to Advance Wars .
There are 35 comuni ( singular : comune ) in the province [ ] .
Following the destruction of the World Trade Center in 2001 , the Empire State Building once again became the tallest building in New York City .
Induction heating , the process of heating an electrically conducting object
However , by the close of the 19th century , the 9th edition was outdated and the Britannica faced financial difficulties .
Larch cones are erect , small , 1-9 cm long , green or purple , ripening brown 5-8 months after pollination ; in about half the species the bract scales are long and visible , and in the others , short and hidden between the seed scales .
January 1 & ndash ; Minimum date value for a datetime field in SQL Server due to it being the first full year after Britain adopted the Gregorian calendar .
This is a list of U.S. states by date of statehood , that is , the date when each U.S. state joined the Union .
Built around the Mississippi , Minnesota and St. Croix rivers , the area is also nicknamed the Twin Cities for its two largest cities , Minneapolis and Saint Paul , the former the larger and the latter the state capital .
Like all nondisjunction conditions ( such as Down syndrome and Edwards syndrome ) , the risk of this syndrome in the offspring increases with maternal age at pregnancy , with about 31 years being the average .
The following day , Governor-General Eulogio Despujol ordered Rizal 's deportation to Dapitan .
The formal name '' Nix '' , from the Greek goddess of darkness and night , and mother of Charon , was announced on June 21 , 2006 , on IAU Circular 8723 , where the designation Pluto II is also given .
Sega 's revenues would hit $ 214 million by 1982 and in 1983 , Sega would release its first video game console , the SG-1000 , the first 3-D arcade video game , SubRoc-3D , which used a special periscope viewer to deliver individual images to each eye , and the first laserdisc arcade game , Astron Belt .
All tracks written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted .
Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles , a part of the male reproductive system .
The Leukerbad thermal baths are just North of Leuk , towards the pass .
To obtain wind data , they can be tracked by radar , radio direction finding , or navigation systems ( such as the satellite based Global Positioning System ( GPS ) .
Charles II and the Royal Court had moved to Oxford to escape the Great Plague of London , and courtiers were unwilling to touch , let alone read , London newspapers for fear of contagion .
Cryptanalysis of Blowfish There is no effective cryptanalysis on the full-round version of Blowfish known publicly .
In exchange for helping find all the pieces of the captain 's cursed body , Barbaros promises to lead Zack and Wiki to the coveted '' Treasure Island '' and his legendary pirate ship .
After its first publicly known proposal for a second theme park in Anaheim was scrapped , construction began in 1998 on a theme park called Disney California Adventure Park ; a hotel called Disney 's Grand Californian Hotel , a renovation , renaming , and re-theming of the Disneyland Pacific Hotel ; and an admission-free shopping and dining area called Downtown Disney .
The '' slide '' analogy is a reference to the slide projector , a device that has become obsolete due to the use of PowerPoint and other presentation software .
The females and larvae have bioluminescent organs .
Apart from the Sun and stars which act as gravitational lenses , this can be done only in binary and multiple star systems , making the binary stars an important class of stars .
When that happens both the shrimp and goby fish quickly retract into the burrow .
The journal was founded by William Phillips , Philip Rahv , and Sender Garlin .
The baleen whales , also called whalebone whales or great whales , form the Mysticeti , one of two suborders of the Cetacea ( whales , dolphins , and porpoises ) .
Singles match 08:00 1 Tatanka ( with Sensational Sherri ) defeated Shawn Michaels ( c ) ( with Luna Vachon ) by countout .
Magical Mystery Tour is the title of two different 1967 record releases , an LP and a double EP , by the English rock band The Beatles , both of which include the six-song soundtrack to the television movie of the same name .
This song like many others on the album , were inspired by Ray Kurzweil 's book The Age of Spiritual Machines . According to Raine , it was written as more of a retort to Kurzweil 's predictions which Raine noticed did n't involve the human spirit as a factor . '' . .
The town is located in the Cabonne Shire Local Government Area , west of the state capital , Sydney .
Sheldon J. Plankton , the owner of the Krusty Krab 's rival restaurant , The Chum Bucket , is always trying to find out the mystery ingredients for the Krabby patty formula .
Then , on February 13 , 2002 , Jennings died in his sleep of diabetic complications in Chandler , Arizona .
Ricotta is an Italian sheep milk or cream-cheese cow milk whey cheese .
Santa Maria delle Grazie , a late Gothic sanctuary with a Renaissance portal by Benedetto da Maiano ( 1490 ) .
After the Second World War Filipinos began to assume more important positions culminating in the appointment of Silliman 's first Filipino president in 1952 .
The genus Neofelis contains two species , the Clouded Leopard ( N. nebulosa ) and the Bornean Clouded Leopard ( N. diardi ) , which are classified as vulnerable by IUCN and is on Appendix I of CITES .
In number theory and algebraic number theory , the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic ( or Unique-Prime-Factorization Theorem ) states that any integer greater than 1 can be written as a unique product ( up to ordering of the factors ) of prime numbers .
The Pamir argali ( also called Marco Polo sheep , for they were first described by that traveller ) may attain more than in length .
In 2003 , Epitaph sparked some controversy among its fans by signing post-hardcore acts as well as alternative hip hop artists such as Atmosphere and Sage Francis and grindcore band The Locust , leading to debates about what constitutes the true nature of '' punk '' music .
Her worldwide debut album was the rock-influenced Jagged Little Pill , released in 1995 , which remains the best-selling debut album by a female artist in the U.S. , and the highest selling debut album worldwide , selling more than 30 million units globally .
GRUB is the reference implementation of the Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions .
A few hundred Alaska Natives were joined by small numbers of '' Alaska sourdoughs '' between 1900 and 1930 when hundreds of '' colonists '' relocated by the Federal Government in the early 30 's colonized the eastern Matanuska Valley between Wasilla , Palmer , and the Butte .
It consists of four chambers , the two upper atria and the two lower ventricles .
Elkhart was founded in 1853 by settlers from Elkhart , Indiana .
, U.S.
At present , they are only available for flute , piano , clarinet , saxophone , trumpet and trombone .
It is used to build article message box templates such as .
Paris Peace Conference , and the Treaty of Versailles that same year .
It is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department .
In 1962 , Florey became Provost of The Queen 's College , Oxford .
It is a blueprint and functional description of requirements and design implementations for the various parts of a computer , focusing largely on the way by which the central processing unit ( CPU ) performs internally and accesses addresses in memory .
Kururun-Rieru Change !
He tells her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm and ask for Nicodemus .
The official and vernacular language is Hungarian , which is part of the Finno-Ugric family , thus one of the four official languages of the European Union that are not of Indo-European origin .
According to Livy the conversation went like this : after Maharbal expressed interest on marching to Rome immediately : '' I commend your zeal , '' he ( Hannibal ) said to Maharbal , '' but I need time to weigh the plan which you propose . ''
All the southern albatrosses create large nests for their egg , utilizing grass , shrubs , soil , peat , and even penguin feathers , whereas the three species in the north Pacific make more rudimentary nests .
The flesh is segmented and acidic , varying in color depending on the cultivars , which include white , pink and red pulps of varying sweetness .
Adana ( Ancient Greek : Adhana ; Adana ) is a city in Turkey and a major agricultural and commercial center .
F are equal in size and opposite in direction .
Ern Rubik was born in Budapest , Hungary , July 13 , 1944 , during World War II .
Other major population centres include Launceston in the north and Devonport and Burnie in the northwest .
Both the Matanuska and Susitna Rivers have major salmon spawning streams .
The Vega Real is the most fertile area in the country , with a high population density .
A popular and often-quoted poet , Frost was honored frequently during his lifetime , receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry .
A son and a daughter , Daniel ( 1751 -- 1754 ) and Frances ( 1753 -- 1757 ) , died in childhood , but two other children , John ( Jacky ) Parke Custis ( 1754 -- 1781 ) and Martha ( '' Patsy '' ) Parke Custis ( 1756 -- 1773 ) survived to young adulthood .
Mitosis and cytokinesis together define the mitotic ( M ) phase of the cell cycle - the division of the mother cell into two daughter cells , genetically identical to each other and to their parent cell .
A heavy , slow-moving lizard , up to 60 c long , the Gila monster is the only venomous lizard native to the United States and one of only two known species of venomous lizards in North America , the other being its close relative , the Mexican beaded lizard ( H. horridum ) . Though the Gila monster is venomous , its sluggish nature means that it represents little threat to humans .
gov Although there is wide anatomical variation , the length of the unaroused vagina is approximately 6 to 7.5 cm ( 2.5 to 3 in ) across the anterior wall ( front ) , and 9 cm ( 3.5 in ) long across the posterior wall ( rear ) .
Cosmes is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Most slide rules consist of three linear strips of the same length , aligned in parallel and interlocked so that the central strip can be moved lengthwise relative to the other two .
The journal was founded by William Phillips , Philip Rahv , and Sender Garlin .
Naturalism is divided into two philosophical stances :
So far , Sun has been the number one spot in Taiwanese music charts for six weeks .
June 8 The Space Shuttle Atlantis is launched on mission STS-117 .
Davies , p. 10 Melbourne 's two other early central-city stations , Spencer Street Station ( now Southern Cross Station ) and Princes Bridge , opened in 1859 .
A Subtropical climate in the Canary Islands ( largest city , Las Palmas ) .
U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25 , 1974 .
In November 2009 , she joined Nicole The Entertainer 's Introduction to Veterinary Science .
Stern may also refer to :
The word penance derives from Old French and Latin poenitentia , both of which derive from the same root meaning repentance , the desire to be forgiven ; ( in English see contrition ) .
A factor , a Latin word meaning ` who\/which acts ' , may refer to :
It was established in 1823 as the West London Infirmary , and was originally located in Villiers Street , near Charing Cross in the heart of the metropolis .
Miss Earth is an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness .
Strings are lengths of a flexible material kept under tension so that they may vibrate freely , but controllably .
History Beginning in the 16th century , the area was discovered by , French , Spanish and English explorers .
Keystone Sports & Entertainment , LLC
Hobsonville is a former Royal New Zealand Air Force airfield ( as well as a range of nearby rural areas ) which are currently ( 2007 ) being redeveloped as a new suburb of Waitakere City , New Zealand . The Hobsonville area ( or Hobsonville Corridor ) lies between the North Western Motorway and State Highway 16 in the west and the Hobsonville Peninsula and Upper Harbour Bridge in the east .
In early art of Birdo , the character had an orange tone .
She played a young woman who lost her fiancé to a traffic accident which left her as a grieving single mother struggling to make ends meet .
January 12 -- Deep Impact is launched from Cape Canaveral by a Delta 2 rocket .
Pascal Chimbonda ( born 21 February 1979 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Blackburn Rovers in the English Premier League .
Comic irony : Irony that is humorous ( whereas much irony is not ) Dramatic irony : When the audience ( or reader ) knows a fictional character is making a mistake , because the reader has more information than the character . Tragic irony : A type of dramatic irony .
In 1892 , Oldham were one of the founder members of the Central Lancashire League and currently run teams in the First & Second divisions , Under 18 , Under 15 , Under 13 and Under 11 levels .
On April 13 , 2009 , when reigning champion Montel Vontavious Porter was drafted from SmackDown to Raw during the 2009 WWE Draft , the title became property of the Raw brand .
David C. Jewitt is a Professor of astronomy formerly at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy , now at UCLA .
It is also called the Quetelet Index , after its creator Adolphe Quetelet , who invented the measure between 1830 and 1850 .
They are notable for their song '' Someone Like You '' off of their 2008 debut major label album Life Left to Go , and '' Anywhere But Here '' that was played in Kyle XY .
Marcy-sous-Marle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
During the Thirty Years ' War Spandau was surrendered to the Swedes in 1634 .
This subfamily has been considered by some to be a family Cypripediaceae , separate from the Orchidaceae .
The film portrays four girls in a trend-setting clique at a fictional Ohio high school .
Troll 2 is a 1990 horror film directed by Claudio Fragasso ( under the pseudonym Drake Floyd ) and starring Michael Stephenson , George Hardy , Margo Prey , Connie Young ( here credited with her maiden name , Connie McFarland ) , Deborah Reed , and Jason Wright .
OpenZaurus is a Debian-based embedded operating system for the Sharp Zaurus personal mobile tool PDA .
The kapos and sonderkommandos were supervised by members of the SS ; altogether 6,000 SS members worked at Auschwitz .
Daikoku is variously considered to be the god of wealth , or of the household , particularly the kitchen .
Oklahoma is a state located in the South Central region of the United States of America .
The word deuterocanonical comes from the Greek meaning ` belonging to the second canon ' .
Different Braille codes are also used for different uses like mathematics and music .
Ryan James Elwin Kesler ( born August 31 , 1984 ) is an American professional ice hockey center and alternate captain for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Syringa vulgaris ( Lilac or Common Lilac ) is a species of Syringa in the olive family Oleaceae , native to the Balkan Peninsula in southeastern Europe , where it grows on rocky hills .
Calcite is the primary mineral in metamorphic marble .
The population was 963 at the 2000 census .
The modern preparation entails the reaction of fluorine with a dilute aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide , with sodium fluoride as a side-product :
All three Wistert brothers wore number 11 for the Wolverines football team , and all three were All-Americans .
He began his coaching career at Vanderbilt University , where he coached special teams , tight ends and H-backs for the Commodores from 1995 & ndash ; 96 .
Director Otto Preminger resented Monroe 's reliance on Natasha Lytess , who coached Monroe and announced her verdict at the end of each scene .
The corresponding word in Greek is , meaning '' a set of three '' or '' the number three '' .
Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
In Hinduism , the goddess Tara ( Sanskrit : T r , Devanagari : ) meaning '' star '' is the second of the Dasa ( ten ) Mahavidyas or '' Great Wisdom goddesses '' , Tantric manifestations of Mahadevi , Kali , or Parvati .
For branch-of-service identification , Wehrmacht vehicles bore alpha-numeric identity licence plates : WH for the Heer , WL for the Luftwaffe , WM for the Kriegsmarine , and SS for the Waffen-SS .
Four main types of lupus exist - systemic lupus erythematosus , discoid lupus erythematosus , drug-induced lupus erythematosus , and neonatal lupus erythematosus .
Mark Antony supposedly gave Cleopatra over 200,000 scrolls ( taken from the great Library of Pergamum ) for the library as a wedding gift , but this is regarded by some historians as a propagandist claim meant to show Antony 's allegiance to Egypt rather than Rome .
In a two-party system of politics , the term third party is sometimes applied to a party other than the two dominant ones .
Wivenhoe is a town in north eastern Essex , England , approximately 3 m south east of Colchester .
In Frank Herbert 's Dune series , a Ghola is a clone of a deceased person , brought to life via secretive Tleilaxu biotechnology .
It was at this time that he began to be known as '' Count '' Basie ( see Jazz royalty ) .
The area covered by Baldheri union council , is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira .
In the thirteenth century , the cathedral was renovated in the Gothic style .
See also However , rather than using red links in , or as an article creation guide , editors are encouraged to , and instead use the or user spaces to keep track of unwritten articles .
Sinhala is the mother tongue of the Sinhalese , who make up the largest ethnic group of Sri Lanka , numbering about 15 million .
Kaylee is the soul of the ship : according to creator Joss Whedon , if Kaylee believes something , it is true .
Shortly after , the WCW United States Championship was reactivated as the WWE United States Championship by the SmackDown brand , making the title its counterpart .
Maninghen-Henne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
It is one of the most typical examples of twin cities in geography .
Between 1950 and 1990 , he appeared most frequently on Gallup 's list of most admired people .
The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 chart , with 81,000 copies sold , the album has currently sold over 150,000 copies .
Social and governmental infrastructure includes United Arab Emirates University , Higher Colleges of Technology , Abu Dhabi University ( Al Ain campus ) , well-equipped medical facilities , including the teaching hospital at Tawam , military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
In the 5th century BCE , the word began to indicate more deliberate and active godlessness in the sense of '' severing relations with the gods '' or '' denying the gods '' .
Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States amidst opposition by Venezuela .
From studying the proper motion of stars , he was the first to realize that the solar system is moving through space , and he determined the approximate direction of that movement .
Mézeray is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage ( 1974 AUD ) and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 percent of houses .
Biography Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook was born in Essex , England in 1956 .
These findings suggest similarities between humans and chimpanzees exist in more than genes alone , but can be seen in emotion , intelligence , and family and social relationships .
Most large objects in orbit around the Sun lie near the plane of Earth 's orbit , known as the ecliptic .
It is located next to the South African Football Association headquarters ( SAFA House ) where both the FIFA offices and the Local Organising Committee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup were housed .
The Dukes of Devonshire have been closely involved with Buxton since 1780 , when the 5th Duke used the profits from his copper mines to develop the town as a spa in the style of Bath .
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall ( born 16 October 1967 ) is a British television presenter and actress , most notable for her work on Channel 4 's Big Brother reality television series .
Located in the Werder Zone of the Somali Region , this town has a longitude and latitude of with an elevation of 570 meters above sea level .
Well-preserved fossils have been found in the 400-million year old Rhynie cherts of Scotland , which look surprisingly modern , indicating that the basic structure of the harvestmen has not changed much since then .
When the king confesses that his own son is the victim , the populace is horrified .
Population Population : 8,672 ( 1878 ) ; 20,891 ( 1897 ) ; 12,175 ( January 1913 ) ; 129,789 ( 1922 ) ; 54,000 ( 1970 ) ; 142,145 ( 1990 ) ; 130,361 ( 2000 ) .
Of these versions , the Bliss version , written well after the speech as a favor for a friend , is viewed by many as the standard text .
The subarctic climate is a subset of the humid continental climate .
Cedric the Entertainer , ( Cedric Kyle ) , born in Jefferson City .
Essentially , SNMP agents expose management data on the managed systems as variables ( such as '' free memory '' , '' system name '' , '' number of running processes '' , '' default route '' ) .
In the widest sense of the word it covers anything that can be used in combat that includes bombs , missiles , warheads , and mines ( landmines , naval mines , and anti-personnel mines ) - that munitions factories manufacture .
Near ultraviolet , visible light , infrared , microwave , radio waves , and low-frequency RF ( longwave ) are all examples of non-ionizing radiation .
As a member of the Socialist Party , he was a senator , deputy and cabinet minister .
Life expectancy at birth in Hong Kong is 84.8 years for a female and 78.9 for a male , while in Swaziland , primarily because of AIDS , it is 31.3 years for both sexes .
At the same time the ignorant or semi-ignorant laity are called ` Mandaeans ' , Mandaiia -- ` gnostics ' .
Within the municipality there is one municipal district ( distrito municipal ) : Hato Damas .
In September 2003 Apple Computer was again sued by Apple Corps , this time for introducing the iTunes Music Store and the iPod , which Apple Corps asserted was a violation of Apple 's agreement not to distribute music .
It also became increasingly violent .
Sir Frederick Henry Royce , 1st Baronet , OBE ( 27 March 1863 - 22 April 1933 ) was a pioneering car manufacturer , who with Charles Stewart Rolls founded the Rolls-Royce company .
'' Summertime '' ( Beyoncé Knowles song )
Renault will continue to support the team by supplying engines and its expertise . The Renault chassis name will continue to be used , with Renault branding featuring in the new black and gold livery that was last used when Renault and Lotus joined forces in the 1980s .
Reflection Electron Microscope ( REM ) In the Reflection Electron Microscope ( REM ) as in the TEM , an electron beam is incident on a surface , but instead of using the transmission ( TEM ) or secondary electrons ( SEM ) , the reflected beam of elastically scattered electrons is detected .
It is considered vandalism , which , under Wikipedia policy , can lead to a loss of editing privileges .
In 1912 , Trenchard learned to fly and he was subsequently appointed as second in command of the Central Flying School .
The canton is mostly German speaking .
Within months , Antonescu had crushed the Iron Guard , and the subsequent year Romania entered the war on the side of the Axis powers .
The first player to win it twice was Bobby Orr in 1972 .
In particular , he can change both living and nonliving matter simply by force of will ( hence the title '' Maker '' ) .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 139.72 km , had 4,655 inhabitants , giving a population density of 33.3 inhabitants per km .
It became a tropical storm that day , and reached its peak of 50 mph before hitting the Lesser Antilles .
Enraged , Wozzeck is about to hit her , when she stops him , saying even her father never dared lay a hand on her .
The death of Drusus elevated Sejanus , at least in Tiberius 's eyes , who thereafter refers to him as his ` Socius Laborum ' ( Partner in my labors ) .
The current principal is B J Bentley .
Oates , Joyce C. , Mike Tyson , Life Magazine via author 's website , 1986-11-22 , Retrieved on 2007-03-11 .
The six points in a ring around the center reference the six-pointed stars in the Municipal Flag of Chicago .
Erwin Koeman ( born 20 September 1961 in Zaandam , Noord-Holland ) is a Dutch football manager and former football player .
A flight of steps cut out of the rock gives access to the antechamber , which is decorated with paintings based on chapter 17 of the Book of the Dead .
Current monarch : HM Queen Elizabeth II ( born 1926 ) daughter of King George VI
David Alexander Paterson ( born May 20 , 1954 ) is the 55th and current Governor of New York .
Persons entering on Type '' C '' visas ( issued through prior consultation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ) must enter through a Port of Entry in the country that issued the visa .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s the number of cars attempting to enter each race was as high as 39 for some races .
Tokyu Corporation and the Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company share the same underground station located in the 5th underground level of Yokohama Station , to the west of the JR platforms .
In its current form it has been in use since 19 June 1946 and was formally adopted on 1 January 1948 .
On the left shoulder of the mantle , the star of the Order ( see below ) is depicted .1703 Statutes , article 2 , quoted in Statutes ( 1978 ) , pp15 -- 16 The hat is made of black velvet and is plumed with white feathers with a black egret or heron 's top in the middle .
Later , reactivation of latent herpes viruses may cause worsening recurrences of herpes simplex eruptions , shingles , Epstein-Barr virus-induced B-cell lymphomas , or Kaposi 's sarcoma .
As a means of recording the passage of time , the 15th century was the century which lasted from 1401 to 1500 .
Territory regarded by the Jewish people as their historical homeland is regarded by the Pan-Arab movement as historically and presently belonging to the Palestinian Arabs , and in the Pan-Islamic context , in territory regarded as Muslim lands .
Abel Janszoon Tasman ( 1603 - 10 October 1659 ) was a Dutch seafarer , explorer , and merchant .
'' Put It Together '' Music Video By : Brooke Allison
Tirich Mir ( alternatively Terich Mir and Terichmir ) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region , located in Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa , Pakistan .
Between 1922 -- 1923 he was a senator of the Second Rzeczpospolita .
In Classical antiquity , the Presocratic philosophers were called physiologoi ( in English , physical or natural philosophers ) .
The cacao plant was first given its botanical name by Swedish natural scientist Carolus Linnaeus in his original classification of the plant kingdom , who called it Theobroma ( '' food of the gods '' ) cacao .
In the midst of tour in October , The Gazette embarked on their first European tour , performing in England , Finland , France , and Germany .
Wolverhampton ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough of the West Midlands , England .
The Key lime ( Citrus aurantifolia ) is a citrus species with a globose fruit , 2.5 -- 5 cm in diameter ( 1 -- 2 in ) , that is yellow when ripe but usually picked green commercially .
Construction of the Second Temple began in 538 BC , and it was dedicated 23 years later , in 515 .
He is the drummer for the rock band Rush .
Awadhi ( Devanagari : ) is an Indo-Aryan language .
It was this Atlas whom Gerardus Mercator was referring to when he first used the name ` Atlas ' , and he included a depiction of the King on the title-page .
Parker died at a nursing home in Indiana , around 5:19 PM EST on November 26 , 2008 , at age 115 years , 220 days .
Alden is a city in Hardin County , Iowa , United States .
The episode was released in several formats , including DVD and VHS . It appears on the video release A Rugrats Passover alongside features '' Toys in the Attic , '' and Rugrats Passover : Let My Babies Go .
Valid values are the normalized CSD criteria ( g1 , a1 , etc. ) .
White Lion recorded a new studio album called '' Return of the Pride '' , which was released on March 14 , 2008 .
The work of Osamu Tezuka drew particular attention : he has been called a '' legend '' and the '' god of manga '' .
Sir Duncan Ross McLarty , KBE , MM ( 17 March 1891 & ndash ; 22 December 1962 ) was the 17th Premier of Western Australia .
Before their conception , Numitor 's brother Amulius deposed his brother , killed his sons and forced Rhea to become a Vestal Virgin , intending to deprive Numitor of lawful heirs and thus secure his own position ; but Rhea conceived Romulus and Remus by either the god Mars or the demi-god Hercules .
The blue collar Kerrigan home is filled with love as well as pride in their modest lifestyle , but their happiness is threatened when developers attempt the compulsory acquisition of their house to expand the neighbouring Melbourne Airport .
Cyrus claimed she had never heard a Jay-Z song in November 2009 , an artist which the lyrics refer to .
A highly eroded plateau is called a dissected plateau .
Psamathe , also known as Neptune X , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Neptune .
Greg Brady ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian sports talk radio host on The FAN 590 , and is a regular pundit scheduled on the docket of BBC Five Live show Fighting Talk and is the record holder for most wins on the show .
From to the present , the Athletics have played in the Oakland Coliseum .
Bouygues website : Hassan II Mosque It stands on a promontory looking out to the Atlantic , which can be seen through a gigantic glass floor with room for 25,000 worshippers .
Anions are chemical species , such as atoms , that have gained electrons .
Kim Eun-Jung ( ; born 8 April 1979 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a striker for Jeju United FC in K-League .
This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Nara .
Each pair will make a sound of a slightly different pitch .
Set in the 17th century , it recounts the adventures of a young man named d'Artagnan after he leaves home to become a guard of the musketeers .
The different decorations on each side of a coin is used to decided things randomly .
The genre has seen a revival of popularity and influence since the late 2000s .
On April 1 , 1999 , the eastern three-fifths of the Northwest Territories ( including all of the District of Keewatin and much of that of Mackenzie and Franklin ) became a separate Canadian territory named Nunavut .
The population was 8,377 at the 2000 census .
Anne Wood CBE is a British children 's television producer .
Strategic bombing is a military strategy used in a total war with the goal of defeating an enemy nation-state by destroying its economic ability to wage war rather than destroying its land or naval forces .
The book originated as the novelette '' Ender 's Game '' , published in the August 1977 issue of Analog Science Fiction and Fact .
A mathematician with philosophical interests , he has written The Fourth Dimension ; Geometry , Relativity and the Fourth Dimension ; and Infinity and the Mind .
In colder countries winter swimming may be synonymous with Ice swimming .
Another story is that when Apollo sent his raven to get some water in the god 's cup ( Crater ) , the raven waited for some figs to ripen and had a feast on them .
He represented Kansas in the United States Senate from 1969 to 1996 , served as Gerald Ford 's Vice Presidential running mate in the 1976 presidential election , and was Senate Majority Leader from 1985 until 1996 .
A big band typically consists of approximately 12 to 25 musicians and contains saxophones , trumpets , trombones , marimba , singers ( or vocalists ) , and a rhythm section .
The Code contained a number of popular Soviet clichés ; in fact it was intentionally formulated to contain catch phrases , either invented by Soviet ideologists , or borrowed .
In 2006 Wojtaszek played for the Polish team at the Chess Olympiad played in Turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games .
Consigliere Joseph '' Jo Jo '' Corozzo is a longtime caporegime in the crime family and brother of powerhouse capo Nicholas '' Little Nick '' Corozzo .
Mac OS X v10 .6 '' Snow Leopard '' was released on August 28 , 2009 .
Continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust , though it is considerably thicker ; mostly 25 to 70 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7 - 10 km .
Launched on 16 June 1951 , the ship undertook its maiden voyage on 14 January 1953 .
The capital city is Nairobi .
In Gujarat the predominant religion is Hinduism , although Muslim kingdoms have left their influence in many parts of the province .
Not only did the division into nomes remain in place for more than three millennia , the areas of the individual nomes and their ordering remained remarkably stable .
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest planet within the Solar System .
Sunderland manager Steve Bruce later referred to referee Anthony Taylor as ` out of his depth . '
He is sometimes referred to as '' Father of Australia '' .
The Quaker Oats Company is an American food conglomerate based in Chicago . It has been owned by Pepsico since 2001 .
The jury is composed by German philologists and poets .
Depending on the rules of the particular tournament or league , a game may have 4 , 6 or 8 chukkas ; 6 chukkas are most common Usually , each chukka is 7 minutes long , but some games are played in shorter chukkas .
Withdean Stadium is an athletics stadium in the Brighton suburb of Withdean which is currently the home ground of football team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. .
Simon Fraser University ( SFU ) is a public university in British Columbia with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , and satellite campuses in Vancouver and Surrey .
They can jump distances more than 10 meters ( 33 ft ) and 3 meters ( 9 ft ) high . Impalas can reach running speeds of about 80 t , to escape their predators .
It also inhabits the Atlas Mountains region between Morocco and Tunisia in northwestern Africa , being the only species of deer to inhabit Africa .
The site chosen was a flat area on the floor of a low valley between the Caelian , Esquiline and Palatine Hills , through which a canalised stream ran .
They were called Staats-Brabant , Staats-Limburg and Staats-Vlaanderen , meaning '' state-owned '' .
Aang , the current Avatar , must master the four elements- Air , Water , Earth , and Fire- before defeating the Fire Lord and ending the war .
Putonghua To arouse students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
While lauded at the time for his discoveries , today his legacy is seen as far more mixed considering the serious negative environmental impacts of these innovations .
In 2007 Norman Wisdom came out of retirement to take a major role in a short film called Expresso ( see details below ) .
Micro-architectural techniques that are used to exploit ILP include : Instruction pipelining where the execution of multiple instructions can be partially overlapped .
The Greco-Persian Wars ( also often called the Persian Wars ) were a series of conflicts between the Achaemenid Empire of Persia and city-states of the Hellenic world that started in 499 BC and lasted until 449 BC .
'' Almost Here '' , a duet with Irish singer Brian McFadden , reached number three in the UK , became her seventh ARIA number one , and her first number one in Ireland . Singles released only in Australia - '' Mistaken Identity '' , '' A Little Too Late '' and '' Be Strong '' - were moderately successful .
Hades ( or ; from Greek , Had s , originally , Haid s or , Aid s , meaning '' the unseen '' Mike Dixon-Kennedy '' Encyclopedia of Greco-Roman mythology '' page 143 '' his name means '' the unseen '' , a direct contrast to his brother Zeus , who was original seen to represent the brightness of day . ''
Every two years , an event called '' The River Festival '' is held near the river in Bedford during early July .
Shakespeare 's character 's name is , but the moon is often pronounced , by analogy with the familiar chemical element titanium .
Established in 1950 , WMO became the specialised agency of the United Nations for meteorology ( weather and climate ) , operational hydrology and related geophysical sciences .
Security issues Devices on a FireWire bus can communicate by direct memory access ( DMA ) , where a device can use hardware to map internal memory to FireWire 's '' Physical Memory Space '' .
Her gold medal was the only medal for Japan at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
A number of human rights have been identified as relevant with regards to the Internet .
The circuit hosted the 2008 WTCC Race of Europe , on 21 September 2008 .
Survivor is a reality television game show format produced in many countries throughout the world .
Tadao Onishi ( April 18 , 1943 -- June 29 , 2006 ) was a Japanese football player .
Instead of grinding teeth , they had stomach stones ( gastroliths ) , similar to the gizzard stones of modern birds and crocodiles , to help digest tough plant fibers .
Once in Terabithia , they fight with various creatures , including a troll resembling Janice .
These are the Krita Yuga , the Treta Yuga , the Dvapara Yuga , and finally the Kali Yuga .
The music video was directed by Travis Kopach and filmed on June 19 , 2006 in Los Angeles , California .
Pallone ( Italian for an inflated ball , similar to the word balloon ) is the name of several traditional ball games , played in all regions of Italy , with few differences in regulations .
The capital was the city of Lahore and the province was composed of four divisions ( Lahore , Sargodha , Multan and Rawalpindi ) .
In 1935 his son immigrated to the United States in order to avoid service in the Wehrmacht , Hitler 's army .
Anderson da Silva ( ; born April 14 , 1975 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist .
A voluntary association or union ( also sometimes called a voluntary organization , unincorporated association , or just an association ) is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement as volunteers to form a body ( or organization ) to accomplish a purpose .
The slowest cars excess to the circuit limit would not qualify for the race and would be list as ` Did not Qualify ' ( DNQ ) in race results .
Designers of digital ASICs use a hardware description language ( HDL ) , such as Verilog or VHDL , to describe the functionality of ASICs .
All languages use pitch pragmatically , that is , as intonation , for instance for emphasis , to convey surprise or irony , or to pose a question .
The city is named for pioneer James Livermore .
The quickest public bus journey between Wantage and Oxford takes approximately 45 minutes , the slowest can take over 1 hour 15 minutes .
It is one of the most conspicuous , and most recognizable constellations in the night sky .
After the end of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Gellar 's next film was the 2004 horror film The Grudge , which was a success at the box office .
Over the Hedge is a 2006 computer animated film based on the characters from United Media comic strip of the same name .
In 1999 , the Indonesian government decided , under strong international pressure , to hold a referendum on the future of East Timor .
These are generally called imperative programming languages .
The Birmingham to Peterborough Line is a cross-country railway line in the United Kingdom , linking the Midlands to East Anglia .
The Proto-Indo-Europeans in this sense likely lived during the Copper Age , or roughly the 5th to 4th millennia BC .
Robert Francis '' Bobby '' Kennedy ( November 20 , 1925 June 6 , 1968 ) , also called RFK , was an American politician .
Stegosauria lies within the Thyreophora , or armoured dinosaurs , a suborder which also includes the more diverse ankylosaurs .
In 1836 , approval was granted for the establishment of a Post Office at Queanbeyan on the Limestone Plains .
When he is sorted into Gryffindor House , he becomes fast friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger , and foils Voldemort 's attempt to steal the Philosopher 's Stone .
In 1934 , age 18 , Cleary moved to Ontario , California , to attend Chaffey College , from which she earned an Associate of Arts degree .
Everything that we know about this deity comes from two inscriptions from France , one from Germany .
The Salian Franks were one of two Frankish tribes who were then occupying the area west of the lower Rhine , with their center in an area known as Toxandria , between the Meuse and Scheldt ( in what is now the Netherlands and Belgium ) . Clovis 's power base was to the southwest of this , around Tournai and Cambrai along the modern frontier between France and Belgium .
For a time he lived and worked throughout the South and Midwest as a migrant worker . He and his family returned to Mississippi in 1926 .
Traditionally , the term refers to the distribution of printed works such as books ( the '' book trade '' ) and newspapers .
Guest Star : Robert Culp April 13 , 1994 21 Frannie 's Choice Fran is proposed to by her ex-fiancée Danny .
Franklin D. Roosevelt was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Navy by Woodrow Wilson in 1913 .
Year 1408 AD ( MCDVIII ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Thus , divisors can be negative as well as positive , although sometimes the term is restricted to positive divisors .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , best known for his Emmy-winning work on The Simpsons from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo , whose most-acclaimed earlier work is The Full Monty , a film for which he received an Oscar nomination as Best Director .
Tedder , by then an established songwriter and record producer , had convinced Filkins who was living in Chicago to relocate .
Allende then graduated with a medical degree in 1926 at the University of Chile .
Show any page
Ross Island lies within the boundaries of Ross Dependency .
Clarion is a city in and the county seat of Wright County , Iowa , United States .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
Derbyshire is a mixture of a rural economy in the west , with a former coal mining economy in the northeast ( Bolsover district ) , the Erewash Valley around Ilkeston and in the south around Swadlincote .
Thayil 's only contribution to the album was the song '' Never the Machine Forever '' , for which he wrote both the lyrics and the music , and which was also the last song the band recorded .
The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever ( voiced by Ralph Waite ) , Sassy the Himalayan cat ( Sally Field ) , and Chance the American Bulldog ( Michael J. Fox ) decide to take a family trip to Canada .
His first full-time season came in 1994 when he raced for Butch Mock Motorsports .
Andrew Sachs ( born Andreas Siegfried Sachs ; 7 April 1930 ) is a German-born British actor .
Dimmu Borgir ( in English ) is a Norwegian symphonic black metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 1993 .
The United States Champion , Edge , defeated the Intercontinental Champion , Test , causing the United States Championship to become inactive while becoming the new Intercontinental Champion .
Canton , Georgia
A Feast for Crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in the epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire by American author George R. R. Martin .
The Castles endorsed Victor Records and Victrolas , issuing records by the Castle House Orchestra , led by James Reese Europe - - a pioneering figure in Black music .
But by 1975 , basic four-function electronic calculators could be purchased for less than $ 50 .
Gifhorn ( ) is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The mall receives 28.2 million visitors per year ; it also attracts between 60,000 and 150,000 shoppers daily , depending on the day and season .
After fluctuating in intensity for four days , Isabel gradually weakened and made landfall on the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 105 mph ( 165 km/h ) on September 18 .
Eraclea is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
Despite a temporary attempt at a comeback , he died alone in Millard Fillmore Hospital in Buffalo of cardiac arrest .
Christian churches accept and teach the New Testament account of the resurrection of Jesus with very few exceptions .
( ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap )
However , Aberdeenshire Council does have its headquarters at Woodhill House , in [ [ Aberdeen ] ] ; the only Scottish council whose headquarters are based outwith its area 's border .
June 13 & ndash ; Winfield Scott , American general and Presidential candidate ( d. 1866 )
A peasant named Thurkhill in England claims that Saint Julian took him on a tour of Purgatory .
It also resulted in a slight backlash against Thai Ultraman fans , who were assumed to be outright Chaiyo supporters .
The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity , otherwise called Carlisle Cathedral , is the seat of the Anglican Bishop of Carlisle . It is located in Carlisle , in Cumbria , North West England .
The console was released on September 14 , 2001 in Japan , November 18 , 2001 in North America , May 3 , 2002 in Europe , and May 17 , 2002 in Australia .
A dedicated ferry service ran day and night to take ticket holders to and from the island .
Conversations between Parris , his niece Abigail Williams and between several girls reveal that they , including Abigail and Betty , were engaged in occultist activities in a nearby forest , apparently led by Tituba , Parris 's slave from Barbados .
William Ashley '' Billy '' Sunday ( November 19 , 1862 - November 6 , 1935 ) was an American athlete who , after being a popular outfielder in baseball 's National League during the 1880s , became the most celebrated and influential American evangelist during the first two decades of the 20th century .
Music video The track was used in the first music video by DragonForce .
The theorems of Alhacen , Khayyam and al-Tusi on quadrilaterals , including the Ibn al-Haytham - Lambert quadrilateral and Khayyam- Saccheri quadrilateral , were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry .
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar .
Pitch is a subjective sensation in which a listener assigns perceived tones to relative positions on a musical scale based primarily on the frequency of vibration .
She has influenced such writers as Neil Gaiman , Stephen King , Nigel Kneale and Richard Matheson .
References External links shape model deduced from lightcurve Orbital elements for bright asteroids from the Minor Planet Center .
Pampalon was devoted to Mary ; before going to a Redemptorists ' monastery , he went to a statue of Mary and asked her to pray for the monks to let him join .
In English , it is called Shinagawa City .
The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text '' MFX 1209 '' ( the production code for Hungry Bitches ) and the URL mfxvideos.com , the website of Fiorito 's MFX Video , leading some in the media to incorrectly believe the video is one of the many Croce had to surrender to the Department of Justice but was somehow leaked in the process .
On 6 July , the Yorks and Dakotas were joined by ten Short Sunderlands and , later , by some Short Hythe flying boats .
A semitone is any interval between two adjacent notes in a chromatic scale , a whole tone is any interval spanning two semitones , and a tritone is any interval spanning three tones , or six semitones .
Namal Dam is situated some 32 km from Mianwali city .
Those who choose to pay do so because full ( paid ) membership is required to access all of the services , such as the ability to purchase virtual clothes for the penguins and buy decorations for igloos ; and because peer pressure has created a '' caste system '' separating paid from unpaid members .
He has won a number of other awards , including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 , the King Abdul Aziz medal in 2007 , the Ramon Magsaysay Award , the World Food Prize , the Sydney Peace Prize , and in December 2007 the Ecuadorian Peace Prize .
These new positions placed the opposing armies within of one another .
They began playing in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) in 1970 as an expansion team .
The University of Wyoming is a land-grant university located in Laramie , Wyoming , situated on Wyoming 's high Laramie Plains , at an elevation of 7,200 feet ( 2194 m ) , between the Laramie and Snowy Range mountains .
His picture adorns the Franks Casket , an Anglo-Saxon royal hoard box and was meant there to refer to wealth and partnership .
The Bald Eagle is the national bird of the United States of America .
Domenico Gaetano Maria Donizetti ( 29 November 1797 -- 8 April 1848 ) was an Italian composer from Bergamo , Lombardy .
After World War II After the collapse of Nazi Germany at the end of World War II , American cigarette manufacturers quickly entered the German black market .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly ( Tripoli ) .
Monophysitism ( from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' ) , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature ( human-that-evolved-into-divine ) , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
The Christian right , also known as the Religious Right and the Evangelical Bloc , is a term used predominantly in the United States of America to describe a spectrum of right-wing Christian political and social movements and organizations characterized by their strong support of conservative social and political values .
She has two siblings , a brother ( Sol , the sun ) and a sister ( Luna , the moon ) .
Mount Union is a city in Henry County , Iowa , in the United States .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1962/1963 season was contested by 16 teams .
He began his career in 2001 under an independent label and joined Boyz ` N Da Hood in 2005 , the same year his solo major label debut Let 's Get It : Thug Motivation 101 was released .
Sami Salo ( born September 2 , 1974 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman with the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The creation of the LCC in 1889 , as part of the Local Government Act 1888 , was forced by a succession of scandals involving the MBW , and was also prompted by a general desire to create a competent government for the city , capable of strategising and delivering services effectively .
In the combination , you must combine any sections Entitled '' History '' in the various original documents , forming one section Entitled '' History '' ; likewise combine any sections Entitled '' Acknowledgements '' , and any sections Entitled '' Dedications '' .
In mathematics , finite set is a set that has a finite number of elements .
The mole crickets compose family Gryllotalpidae , of thick-bodied insects about 3-5 cm ( 1-2 inches ) long , with large beady eyes and shovel-like forelimbs highly developed for burrowing and swimming .
Flora was educated at the parish school in Cottisford .
Highly Parallel Computing .
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' Tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
The flag of the state of Alaska consists of eight gold stars , forming the Big Dipper and the North Star , on a dark blue field .
Knut has also been the subject of several DVDs , including one entitled '' Knut - Stories from a Polar Bear 's Nursery '' .
She also designs many of her own clothes , including those worn in the music video for '' Going Under '' , the dress she wore at the 2004 Grammy awards , and the dress worn for the cover of The Open Door .
Year 1682 ( MDCLXXXII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
During the summer they can be found around damp areas such as near sinks and in bathrooms . Earwigs tend to gather in shady cracks or openings or anywhere that they can remain concealed during daylight .
It is the second of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
The coherence of caches is obtained if the following conditions are met :
Erasmus rendered pithos as the Greek pyxis , meaning '' box '' .
The rest of the serf 's time was devoted to tending his or her own fields , crops and animals in order to provide for his or her family .
As an example of the latter , the words do and not become the contraction do n't , a single word that represents the meaning of the combined words .
In professional wrestling , a tag team consists of two wrestlers who are working together as a team ( more than two is called a stable ) .
In 1955 the All-Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference was the political party in power in Azad Kashmir .
Former drug trafficker and recognized by Jerry Capeci as one of the four designated shooters in the murder of Paul Castellano in 1985 .
The wife of one 's sibling and the wife of one 's spouse 's sibling are also considered a sister-in-law .
Loco ( album ) , a 2001 album and song by the Fun Lovin ' Criminals
bar :1861 at :7403 fontsize : XS text : 7403 shift : ( -8,5 )
Contemporary skepticism ( or scepticism ) is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes ( rev. ed .
Blood & Honour took its name from the motto of the Hitler Youth , Blut und Ehre , and a song of the same name by Skrewdriver .
A full version of '' Rescue Me '' was released in July 2008 on the band 's official MySpace , which is the first single off of the album .
Parallelism has been employed for many years , mainly in high-performance computing , but interest in it has grown lately due to the physical constraints preventing frequency scaling .
Breckinridge sent Witcher and his men of the 34th on ahead of the main force and ordered them to harass the Union forces .
V/O. There is record of another hurricane affecting Puerto Rico on August 21 .
Pseudoephedrine ( PSE ) \/O/ su d f d n \/O/ or \/O/ su do f dri n \/O/ is a sympathomimetic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes .
He conceived the idea of a periodical that would cover every topic the educated public was interested in , from commerce to poetry , and tried to convince several London printers and booksellers to take up the idea .
Their British Railways numbers were 15097-15099 .
Similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travelers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
It was the deadliest Atlantic hurricane of the 2007 season .
Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Pacino also won an Emmy Award for Best Lead Actor and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role .
Coburg is a city in Montgomery County , Iowa , United States .
There are a lot of traditional uses of wind , water , and solar energy in developed and developing countries .
If the SEC did decide to construct a nuclear power station , it would have continued to construct brown coal power stations as well for some considerable time .
Yamanote Line
Some translations have approached the issue more cautiously , such as the English Standard Version ( 2001 ) .
Wind speeds as low as sp = us 2 can lead to power outages due to tree branches disrupting the flow of energy through power lines .
In agriculture , a cash crop is a crop which is grown for profit .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka in the J. League .
Cape Horn was originally given the Dutch name '' Kaap Hoorn '' , in honor of the Dutch city of Hoorn ; in a typical example of false friends , the Hoorn became known in English as '' Cape Horn '' , and in Spanish as '' Cabo de Hornos '' ( which literally means '' Cape of Ovens '' ) .
Zoutleeuw ( ) is a municipality and town in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
Chilliwack is a Canadian city in the Province of British Columbia .
Near the end , a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Marella pulled Maria 's leg .
Austria has been the birthplace of many famous composers such as Joseph Haydn , Michael Haydn , Franz Schubert , Anton Bruckner , Johann Strauss , Sr. and Johann Strauss , Jr. as well as members of the Second Viennese School such as Arnold Schoenberg , Anton Webern and Alban Berg .
From 11 October 2000 to 26 October 2000 , following the death in office of the then First Minister Donald Dewar , his deputy Jim Wallace became Acting First Minister , until the Labour party appointed a new leader , and consequently First Minister .
Corbin Bleu Reivers ( born February 21 , 1989 ) , better known as Corbin Bleu , is an American actor , model , dancer , and singer .
Clarkson rose to fame after winnning the first season of the television series American Idol in 2002 and would later represent the United States in the World Idol competition in 2003 .
A BitTorrent client is a computer program that manages downloads and uploads using the BitTorrent protocol .
Libération ( affectionately known as Libé ) is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by Jean-Paul Sartre , Philippe Gavi , Bernard Lallement and Jean-Claude Vernier , Pierre Victor alias Benny Lévy and Serge July in the wake of the protest movements of May 1968 .
History Prior to WWII a portion of the land located on Cape Banks that belongs to the New South Wales Golf Club was utilized by the Australian Defence Forces for the construction of the Cape Banks Battery .
'' Gizeh '' redirects here .
There are two types of rinks in prevalent use today , natural , where freezing occurs due to cold temperatures and artificial or mechanically-frozen where a coolant produces cold in the surface below the water of the rink , causing it to freeze .
Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston stated in their website that The Rescuers had been their return to a film with '' heart '' and also considered it their best film without Walt Disney .
Heathrow Terminal 5 was built exclusively for the use of British Airways at a cost of # 4.3 billion and officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 14 March 2008 .
University of Arizona , Tucson
The main rivalry from the SmackDown brand incorporated into the Royal Rumble featured Jeff Hardy and Edge , with the two feuding over the WWE Championship .
It includes approximately 11,000 species divided into about 20 families .
Bahawalnagar is a city and tehsil of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of PakistanTehsils & Unions in the District of Bahawalnagar - Government of Pakistan and lies just south of the Sutlej River , its population according to the 1998 census of Pakistan was 2,061,0001998 Census of Pakistan .
There was no need for the outlaws to be arrested and for there to be a trial .
This phenomenon is then called alternative splicing . Alternative splicing can occur in many ways .
Idealism is the philosophical theory that maintains that the ultimate nature of reality is based on mind or ideas .
These three stations are important hubs for commuters , locals , students and tourists who travel to the Orchard Road shopping and business district .
After her death , a rose cultivar named in her honor received the Award of Garden Merit from the Royal Horticultural Society .
James , son of Zebedee ( died 44 ) or Yaakov Ben-Zebdi\/Bar-Zebdi , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus .
It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 , and the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1991 .
ISBN 009175030X After imprisonment in Dartmoor , Maidstone and Lewes prisons , de Valera and his comrades were released under an amnesty in June 1917 .
The other half of the earth is the land hemisphere .
John Key entered the New Zealand House of Representatives in 2002 representing the north-west Auckland constituency of Helensville as a National MP , a seat that he has held since then .
Amongst the general populace , any gun that fires shotgun shells could be considered a shotgun .
The Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , is named in his honor , and he was an inaugural induction in 1959 .
It rises in the town of Novomoskovsk 60 kilometres southeast from Tula , southeast of Moscow , and flows for a distance of about 1,950 kilometres ( 1,220 mi ) to the Sea of Azov .
The Beautiful Boy , published in the UK as The Boy , a 2003 book by Germaine Greer
Daihatsu states that there is no stock of new Daihatsu cars in the UK , and they do not expect to import any new cars in this interim period .
It is from the Lower Cretaceous Yixian Formation near Lujiatun , Beipiao , in the western Liaoning province of China . It lived about 130 million years ago .
Mario has had several other occupations : in the Dr. Mario series of puzzle games , which debuted in 1990 , Mario is portrayed as a medical physician named '' Dr. Mario '' ; in the Game Boy game Mario 's Picross , Mario is an archaeologist ; and in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis , Mario is the president of a profitable toy-making company .
Entertainment Weekly magazine released an excerpt of Breaking Dawn on May 30 , 2008 .
Catherine first appeared in cinemas in 1933 , in Alexander Korda 's film The Private Life of Henry VIII .
Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle ( , ; 22 November 1890 -- 9 November 1970 ) was a French general and statesman who led the Free French Forces during World War II .
Herbert von Bismarck ( 1849 -- 1904 ) , Secretary of State , son of Otto von Bismarck
It is often used as an aid in teaching simple addition and subtraction , especially involving negative numbers .
Pizza Pizza opened its first store in Halifax , Nova Scotia in June 2010 .
Chiara has acted in feature films X-Men , 40 Days and 40 Nights , Come l'America , In the Land of Women , and Good Luck Chuck .
He read music at Clare College , Cambridge , where he was a member of the choir .
After leaving the ice , Rollins coached the University of Calgary hockey team as well as clubs in Spokane , Salt Lake City , Houston , Tulsa and Phoenix .
Furthermore , banks and other , large financial-institutions were reluctant to accept lower prices for these assets , since lower prices would force them to recalculate the total value of their assets , and , if the loss was sufficiently large , force them to declare a negative total value .
The next season , Boston made the playoffs once more , losing to the Toronto Maple Leafs . The final game of the playoff series was described as Thompson 's most memorable .
Robert Enke ( born 24 August 1977 in Jena ) is a German football goalkeeper , who plays for Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga .
The Old Persian language is one of the two attested Old Iranian languages ( besides Avestan ) .
In 1898 , Stresemann left the University of Berlin , transferring to the University of Leipzig so that he could pursue a doctorate .
The Picture of Dorian Gray ( Penguin Classics ) -- Introduction Wilde later revised this edition , making several alterations , and adding new chapters ; the amended version was published by Ward , Lock , and Company in April 1891 .
On April 1 , 1984 , Gaye 's father fatally shot him after an argument that started after his parents squabbled over misplaced business documents . Gaye attempted to intervene , and was killed by his father using a gun that Marvin Jr. had given him four months before .
David Boreanaz ( born May 16 , 1969 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles as Seeley Booth on the television drama Bones , and Angel on the supernatural drama series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel .
Matthew Richard '' Matt '' Stone ( born May 26 , 1971 ) is an Emmy Award winning American screenwriter , producer , voice artist , musician and actor , best known for being the co-creator of South Park along with creative partner Trey Parker .
Alexander is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Quinine contains two major fused-ring systems : the aromatic quinoline and the bicyclic quinuclidine .
Devices convert electrical energy into many useful forms , such as heat ( electric heaters ) , light ( light bulbs ) , motion ( electric motors ) , sound ( loudspeaker ) or chemical changes .
David VIII of Georgia ( b. 1273 )
They are mostly liana-forming plants of the Old World tropics , ranging from South China , Indonesia , Malaysia and the Philippines ; westward to Madagascar ( 2 species ) and the Seychelles ( 1 ) ; southward to Australia ( 3 ) and New Caledonia ( 1 ) ; and northward to India ( 1 ) and Sri Lanka ( 1 ) .
He stayed there for the next 15 years as a journalist and explorer .
Trophies have marked victories since ancient times .
Little Tujunga Wash comes from the north , draining the portion of the San Gabriel Mountains immediately north of Hansen Reservoir .
After appearing in a few films , her breakthrough came in 1992 with the comedy My Cousin Vinny , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Depending on the size of the motorcade and who it is carrying , routes may be completely blockaded from the general public .
Their self-titled third studio album is set for release November 2nd , 2010 .
The method of producing vibrato on other instruments varies . On string instruments , for example , the finger used to stop the string can be wobbled on the fingerboard , or actually moved up and down the string for a wider vibrato .
It is on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines between Farringdon and Moorgate , in Travelcard Zone 1 .
From the abstract of Wedde , Farooq , and Zhang ( 2004 ) :
Lomana Trésor LuaLua ( , born 28 December 1980 ) is a footballer who plays for Cypriot side AC Omonia and the Congo DR national football team .
Santiago de los Caballeros ( English : Saint James of the Knights ) is a city in the Dominican Republic .
Savy-Berlette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cromwell is a town in Seminole County , Oklahoma , United States .
With the introduction of Euro I emissions regulations , the base model was replaced by a 1.6 L with the same output , while the top of the line was given to a 16-valve version of the 2.0 L engine , which powered the GT ( GSI ) version , and had 150 PS ( 110 kW ) .
Although Greg Graffin is the only constant member of the band 's lineup , the band currently features two other original members , Brett Gurewitz and Jay Bentley .
Katsumi Oenoki is a former Japanese football ( soccer ) player .
Saint-Girons-d ` Aiguevives is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Satoshi Miyauchi ( born November 26 , 1959 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Boleslaus III of Poland begins a war against his brother Zbigniew for control of Poland .
When King Henry died , the castle became the property of his son , Edward VI of England , who gave it to his uncle , Thomas Seymour who was made Thomas Seymour , 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley and married the King 's stepmother , Catherine Parr .
Tinker Bell redeems herself by inventing machines that quicken the process of decorating flowers , ladybugs , etc. .
The word skepticism can characterise a position on a single claim , but in scholastic circles more frequently describes a lasting mind-set .
The first mention of Balvi was in 1224 .
Technically designated the Xbox 360 S and marketed simply as the Xbox 360 ; current Xbox 360 consoles are based around a redesign of the Xbox 360 hardware which was officially announced on during a press briefing prior to that year 's E3 .
For example , in English , there are many prefixes that mean '' the opposite of '' , e.g. un - , in - \/O/ im - , a ( n ) - , de - , etc. .
On the one hand , they agreed safety and protection from lawless nobles was in everyone 's best interest .
Queen Silvia of Sweden ( née Silvia Renate Sommerlath ; born 23 December 1943 , Heidelberg , Germany ) is the queen consort of King Carl XVI Gustaf , Sweden 's monarch , and the mother of the heir apparent to the throne , Crown Princess Victoria .
In late 1668 Isaac Newton built his first reflecting telescope .
