He is the only member of the Seven Lucky Gods credited with the ability to revive the dead .
Development ( differential geometry ) , the process of rolling one surface over another
The two initial tribes were Boran and Samburu ( named for the real-life Borana and Samburu tribes ) .
This upgrade should provide improved reliability , an 8 % decrease in journey times between stations , and a 16 % overall decrease in journey times .
James Clerk Maxwell , A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field , Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London 155 , 459 512 ( 1865 ) .
The extent to which this power can be exercised varies between different parties ; the Labour Party , for example , places most of this responsibility in the hands of the Caucus , leaving the Prime Minister only with the power to choose which portfolios a minister is given .
Bildeston is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district of Suffolk , England .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
In 1915 , Malevich laid down the foundations of Suprematism when he published his manifesto From Cubism to Suprematism .
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech ( 1980-84 ) , Scott Michaux Coach takes pressure in stride , Augusta Chronicle , January 28 , 2009 .
Paul Kalas ( born August 13 , 1967 ) is a Greek American astronomer known for his discoveries of debris disks around stars .
Interaction with an upper-level trough resulted in moderate wind shear which suppressed further development , and by September 6 the thunderstorm activity lost much organization .
Jennie is most notable for portraying the character Samantha Woo on NBC 's hit show , California Dreams .
The name was replaced with Melissa in the 2007 season .
Evolutionary theorist Charles Darwin 's expedition on the HMS Beagle .
It lies mostly in the Indian state of Rajasthan , and extends into the southern portion of Haryana and Punjab states and into northern Gujarat state .
There is also an asteroid called 900 Rosalinde .
Polydor Records is a British record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
The potato , tomato , pepper , squash , several varieties of bean , tobacco , and several other plants were also developed in the New World , as was extensive terracing of steep hillsides in much of Andean South America .
The Pocket has a smaller link port , which requires an adapter to link with the older Game Boy .
In this case , it is written that f ( 5 ) = 10 .
De Havilland appeared as Hermia in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , her first stage production , at the Hollywood Bowl .
Herne Bay 's seafront is home to the world 's first freestanding purpose-built clock tower , built in 1837 ; until 1978 , the town had the second-longest pier in the United Kingdom .
In 1981 the city reached its maximum number of inhabitants , with about 71,054 people living there .
It is the county seat of Will County .
ship building
The rainy season is from July through September , transforming much of the region from dust brown to verdant green .
They have later appeared in various merchandise , spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise .
Xbox Live Arcade It was announced at Microsoft 's E3 2008 press conference that Banjo-Kazooie would be made available for download on Xbox Live Arcade in the future .
India is a founding member of the United Nations ( as British India ) and the Non-Aligned Movement .
The 1966 FIFA World Cup , the eighth staging of the World Cup , was held in England from 11 July to 30 July .
Today the black population of London is 1,001,000 or 13 % of the population of London .
In 1998 , Hume asked John Paul II for permission to retire , expressing the wish to return to Ampleforth and devote his last years to peace and solitude , fly fishing and following his beloved Newcastle United Football Club .
In 1696 Willem de Vlamingh mistook them for rats and named the island '' Rottenest '' , Dutch for '' rat nest '' .
The federal union , which constitutes the United States as a collective of the several states , exercises exclusive jurisdiction over the military installations , and American embassies and consulates located in foreign countries ; and the District of Columbia .
The leaves grow on stems of around 6 cm - 9 cm height .
She was the mother of Perseus by Zeus .
William Jefferson '' Bill '' Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Michael Eric Hurst , ONZM ( born 20 September 1957 in Lancashire , England ) the eldest of four brothers .
With his FBI partner Dana Scully , he works in the X-Files office , which is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly paranormal circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI .
William Martin '' Billy '' Joel ( born May 9 , 1949 ) is an American musician and pianist , singer-songwriter , and classical composer .
'' Caid '' is now used by people in some parts of Ireland to refer to modern Gaelic football .
The University of Kansas men 's basketball program officially began in 1898 , following Naismith 's arrival , just six years after Naismith penned the sport 's first official rules .
Saint-Vincent-des-Pr és is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
A ` red ' apple does not emit red light .
Named after Argier Rupes Algiers ( The Tempest ) Verona Rupes Verona ( Romeo and Juliet ) Sulci Mirandan sulci are named after the locations of plays by Shakespeare .
The game 's soundtrack was composed by Masato Nakamura of the band Dreams Come True .
Crystal Palace is a residential area in south London , England named from the former local landmark , The Crystal Palace , Mills , A. , Oxford Dictionary of London Place Names , (/O2000/O) which occupied the area from 1854 to 1936 .
Fibre or fiberFibre is the preferred spelling in the United Kingdom , other Commonwealth countries , and , occasionally , the United States .
Magical Mystery Tour is the title of two different 1967 record releases , an LP and a double EP , by the English rock band The Beatles , both of which include the six-song soundtrack to the television movie of the same name .
Independencia ( ) is a province of the Dominican Republic , located in the west , on the border with Haiti .
The data showed Titan to have a thick atmosphere of approximately the correct temperature and composition to support them .
Ravigny is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
A particular favorite of many is the traditional Scottish Christmas cake , the Whisky Dundee .
The most powerful Oneiros was Morpheus .
Pakistan State Oil ( PSO ) is the oil market leader in Pakistan .
Cyber High School teachers are sometimes able to work from home3 , depending upon the company providing the state 's cyber curriculum .
Of the ranges extending southwestward from the Hindu Kush , the Foladi peak ( Shah Fuladi ) of the Baba mountain range ( Koh-i-Baba ) reaches the greatest height : 5,142 m ( 16,870 ft ) .
For the undergraduate class of 2006-2007 , PLM received 40,000 college applications , and accepted three percent of them .
Their names mean '' Angry '' and '' Strong , '' respectively .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Mérignas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Being a mother sauce , Hollandaise sauce is the foundation for many derivatives created by adding or changing ingredients .
Supported by the Polish Army , it aimed to throw off Russian control of the Polish capital .
December 31 -- Commodus , Roman emperor ( assassinated ) ( b. 161 )
At one of the orchestra 's early concerts , in November 1932 , the sixteen-year old Yehudi Menuhin played a program of violin concertos ; those by Bach and Mozart were conducted by Beecham , and Elgar 's Concerto in B minor was conducted by the composer .
The lake was renamed Lady Bird Lake on July 26 , 2007 .
After Rukia is severely wounded while trying to protect Ichigo , she attempts to transfer half of her to Ichigo in order to let him face the hollow on equal footing .
The Dujiangyan Irrigation System , built in the 3rd century BC under the inspection of Li Bing , was the symbol of modernization of that period .
These characteristics include an open structure or flexible investment security choices ; multiple money managers ; and a customized investment portfolio formulated for a client 's specific investment objectives or desired restrictions .
There are three types of granulocytes : neutrophils , basophils , and eosinophils , which are named according to their staining properties .
In the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing , more than one hand engraver will work on the same plate , making it nearly impossible for one person to duplicate all the engraving on a particular banknote or document .
The amendment requires the new Senator to be from the same party as the old one and would have prevented the appointment by Lewis , but not that by Bjelke-Petersen .
The role of the Secretary of Defense is to be the principal defense policy advisor to the President and is responsible for the formulation of general defense policy related to all matters of direct and primary concern to the DoD , and for the execution of approved policy .
At that time , Al Jazeera was not yet generally known in the Western world , but where it was known , opinion was often favourable and Al Jazeera claimed to be the only politically independent television station in the Middle East .
Therefore , more than points are actually sent .
In October 2010 , Dave Grohl , former Nirvana band mate of Novoselic , announced live on BBC radio that Novoselic will be joining the Foo Fighters on their next album as a bassist and accordionist and it will be released sometime in 2011 .
She has spent much of her adult life in the entertainment industry .
Brine is water saturated or nearly saturated with a salt ( usually sodium chloride ) .
The chairman of SNCF is Guillaume Pépy .
Madagascar (/O1994/O) is a Cuban film that marked Fernando Pérez 's change of direction into a more lyrical approach to filmmaking , somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work .
In 8-dot Braille the additional dots are added at the bottom of the cell , giving a matrix 4 dots high by 2 dots wide .
As of the United States 2000 Census , the borough population was 3,155 .
The first web forum software package to perform this transformation was Proxicom Forum , developed in 1996 .
Under the direction of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( JIC ) , it works alongside the Security Service ( MI5 ) , Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) and the Defence Intelligence Staff ( DIS ) .
After fruiting , the pseudostem dies , but offshoots may develop from the base of the plant .
Zeeland ( ) , also called Zealand in English and Zeelandic , is a province of the Netherlands .
Gerry Sr. and Annie came from strong republican backgrounds .
Dirty ( album ) , a 1992 alternative rock album by Sonic Youth
Beaupont is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1969/1970 season was contested by 18 teams .
History The most basic piece in the game , the pawn has its origins in the oldest version of chess , Chaturanga .
Since Yamanaka was n't able to play the guitar well yet , Yoshiaki Manabe , a guitarist of Persia , joined them .
Amateur radio stations are issued with a designated call sign to allow identification of stations . The power of amateur radio equipment is restricted , and operators must not cause interference to other authorized radio users .
Relative density , or specific gravity , is the ratio of the density ( mass of a unit volume ) of a substance to the density of a given reference material .
As an example , some rice strains are made by inserting new genetic material into a rice plant , all the descendants of the genetically modified rice plant are a strain with a unique genetic code that is passed on to later generations ; the strain designation , which is normally a number or a formal name , covers all the plants that descend from the originally modified plant .
During the 1997 season , both would help guide the Broncos to their first Super Bowl victory , a 31 24 win over the defending Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XXXII .
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is the original title of a novella written by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson and first published in 1886 .
It is obligatory for a man to give bride wealth ( gifts ) to the woman he marries -- '' Do not marry unless you give your wife something that is her right .
In March 1995 , after the split of Claudio Sanchez and Travis Stever 's band called Toxic Parents , they formed a band with Nate Kelley called Beautiful Loser .
Ecumenopolis -- a city that covers an entire planet , usually seen in science fiction Megapolis , built by merging several cities and their suburbs .
The track is 5.073 km ( 3.15 miles ) Track changes ahead of Singapore Grand Prix - Formula1 .
A cold series of winters led to the Thames freezing over above London Bridge , and this led to the first Frost Fair in 1607 , complete with a tent city set up on the river itself and offering a number of amusements , including ice bowling .
The Giants are currently members of the Eastern Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The bioluminescence is produced by bacterial symbionts ; the host cephalopod is able to detect the light produced by these organisms .
Jake Shields ( born January 9 , 1979 ) is an American mixed martial artist who is currently fighting in the welterweight division of the UFC .
The constellations of Corvus the crow and Hydra the water-snake are also identified with this myth .
Tehama County ( pronounced teh-HAY-muh ) is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
The video originated from a Brazilian distributor and filmographer , Marco Fiorito , who describes himself as a '' compulsive fetishist '' .
Benjamin Scott '' Ben '' Folds ( born September 12 , 1966 ) is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and the former frontman of the alternative rock band Ben Folds Five who now performs as a solo artist and collaborates with many other musicians .
Founded in 1895 , as of the 2000 census , the city population was 23,324 .
He tried to veto any peace plan that would not remove the northern government completely .
After escaping from slavery , into which she was born , she made thirteen missions to rescue more than 70 slaves using the network of antislavery activists and safe houses known as the Underground Railroad .
Flamsteed was refusing to publish work that had been commissioned by the king , and in 1712 Newton and Edmond Halley published a preliminary version of Flamsteed 's Historia Coelestis Britannica without crediting the author .
While most vaccines are created using inactivated or attenuated compounds from micro-organisms , synthetic vaccines are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides , carbohydrates or antigens .
Saturday 29 October 2005 29 14 Clichy-sous-Bois [ ] 3 .
Because of the plentiful blossoms and small sized fruit , crabapples are popular for use in bonsai culture .
With a population density of 16 per square mile , New Mexico is the sixth - most sparsely inhabited U.S. state .
See for example , MacDonald , Fraser (/O2006/O) The last outpost of Empire : Rockall and the Cold War Journal of Historical Geography .
It served as capital of the French colony of Saint-Christophe , which consisted of the northern and southern extremities of the island of St. Kitts ( the center was yielded to Britain ) .
Gallimimus was rather ostrich-like , with a small head , large eyes , a long neck , short arms , long legs , and a long tail .
Kelly 's Top 40 singles include '' Billy Baxter '' , '' Before Too Long '' , '' Darling It Hurts '' , '' To Her Door '' ( highest charting local hit in 1987 ) , '' Dumb Things '' ( appeared on United States charts in 1988 ) and '' Roll on Summer '' .
History Ille-et-Vilaine is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Founded by Bartholomew Columbus in 1496 , it is the oldest continuously inhabited European settlement in the Americas , and was the first seat of Spanish colonial rule in the New World .
Edevaldo de Freitas , best known as Edevaldo ( born in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro State , January 28 , 1958 ) is a former Brazilian football ( soccer ) player in right-back role .
A mind map is a diagram used to represent words , ideas , tasks , or other items linked to and arranged around a central key word or idea .
A primate from this time was Notharctus .
Sometimes a series of earthquakes occur in a sort of earthquake storm , where the earthquakes strike a fault in clusters , each triggered by the shaking or stress redistribution of the previous earthquakes .
Platforms 2 and 3 ( island platform in the center ) house the main station building , constructed of red brick building and containing an enclosed waiting area , ticket facilities and toilets .
Pulkkila is a village located in the Oulu Province in Northern Finland .
The Austrian-Armenian Cultural Society whose members are Armenians as well as Austrians , eg scientists , writers , artists , renowned leaders , and more .
Giuseppe Galderisi ( born March 22 , 1963 in Salerno ) is an Italian former football ( soccer ) forward and manager .
Hours of Idleness , which collected many of the previous poems , along with more recent compositions , was the culminating book .
On that case , an opponent must accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail .
It comprises the octopuses and the vampire squid .
Peter Breggin , Sharkey , and other investigators of the psycho-pharmaceutical industry maintain that many psychiatrists are members , shareholders or special advisors to pharmaceutical or associated regulatory organizations .
One hundred and fifty-one of these locomotives were built at Derby , Crewe and Darlington , the first twenty of them as part of the British Rail 1955 Modernisation Plan .
History Prior to the establishment of the Federal City , the United States government resided briefly in New York City , New York .
Transylvania ( or ; ; , see also other denominations ) is a historical region in the central part of Romania .
By Topic Arts and Sciences The earliest dated English words are ` Town ' and ` Priest ' , both recorded in the Laws of Ethelbert .
They are known as '' bodysnatchers '' , or '' Zombies '' to enthusiasts , by virtue of the fact that the shell ( body ) of the Class 47 has been stripped , rewired and re-engined and as '' GM '' s due to them being '' genetically modified '' with General Motors equipment .
Meanwhile , arsenic poisoning as a result of the natural occurrence of arsenic compounds in drinking water remains a problem for many parts of the world including the United States .
At the end of each season , members of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association vote to determine the player who was the best defenseman during the regular season .
Famous citizens The following persons of note were born in Bonifacio : Tommaso Maria Zigliara ( 1833-1893 ) , Roman Catholic cardinal , theologian , and philosopher .
The bones of this row - scaphoid , lunate , and triquetrum - has their individual movements .
Neighbouring union councils are Kothiala to the south and Thathi Faqir Sahib to the north .
Peter Rabbit appears in the 1971 ballet film , The Tales of Beatrix Potter .
Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
February 11 & ndash ; William Carstares , Scottish minister ( d. 1715 )
He is married to Marie Diamond ( née Marie Nabel Cohen ) , granddaughter of Polish politician Edward Werner , and has two adult sons named Josh and Max Diamond .
Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering involving the quantification of information .
He is best known as the lead vocalist and songwriter of the rock band Linkin Park .
Pastor Rafael Maldonado Motta ( born March 9 , 1985 in Maracay ) is a Venezuelan racing driver , whose career has thus far centred around single-seater Formula racing .
A potoroo is any member of the genus Potorous .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly ( Tripoli ) .
Digitel Mobile Philippines , Inc. , is a mobile telecommunication service provider in the Philippines doing business as Sun Cellular .
The United States presidential election of 1980 featured a contest between incumbent Democrat Jimmy Carter and his Republican opponent , Ronald Reagan , as well as Republican Congressman John B. Anderson , who ran as an independent .
Origin of organic molecules There are two possible sources of organic molecules on the early Earth : Terrestrial origins - organic synthesis driven by impact shocks or by other energy sources ( such as ultraviolet light or electrical discharges ) ( eg .
The mica group of sheet silicate ( phyllosilicate ) minerals includes several closely related materials having highly perfect basal cleavage .
It may also be referred to as basketflower , though the term properly refers to the Plectocephalus group of Centaurea , which is probably a distinct genus .
Whatever my lot , Thou hast taught me to say ,
It is the administrative center of the Sedgemoor district , and a major industrial center .
'' Everlovin Man '' - B-side to '' Cold Hard Bitch ''
ISBN 0-415-28425-2 .
Sulfur dichloride is the chemical compound with the formula SCl2 .
Cape Horn ( Dutch : , ; named after the city of Hoorn in the Netherlands ) is the southernmost headland of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago of southern Chile , and is located in the small Hornos Island .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
The Komodo dragon hunts in the afternoon , but stays in the shade during the hottest part of the day .
The triumvirate broke up in 33 BC . Disagreement between Octavian and Antony erupted into civil war , the Final War of the Roman Republic , in 31 BC .
While Switzerland holds the view that the border runs through the middle of the lake , Austria is of the opinion that the lake stands in condominium of all the states on its banks .
In 2003 , Piquet moved to the UK where he joined the British Formula Three Championship and formed the Piquet Sports team .
While on tour in early 2006 , Reel Big Fish were dropped from the Jive Records label .
Ned 's Declassified School Survival Guide , commonly called Ned 's Declassified for short , is an American live-action situation comedy on Nickelodeon that debuted in the channel 's Sunday night TEENick scheduling block on September 12 , 2004 .
It is a wild blackwater river , about 266 miles long .
Air India is a part of the Indian government-owned National Aviation Company of India Limited ( NACIL ) .
Seyss-Inquart later went to study law at the University of Vienna .
Two pairs of finger-like appendages are found around the mouth in most beetles , serving to move food into the mouth .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 1.7 square miles ( 4.4 km2 ) , all of it land .
It was originally an early medieval kingdom of varying boundaries known as Glywysing until taken over by the Normans as a lordship . Glamorgan is latterly represented by the three preserved counties of West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan and South Glamorgan .
Of the 24 simple jamo , fourteen are consonants ( ja-eum , '' child sounds '' ) and ten are vowels ( mo-eum , '' mother sounds '' ) .
Bangladeshi authorities claim that 3 million people were killed , White , Matthew , Death Tolls for the Major Wars and Atrocities of the Twentieth Century while the Hamoodur Rahman Commission , an official Pakistan Government investigation , put the figure as low as 26,000 civilian casualties .
It is also normally understood to be a state which is not dependent on , or subject to any other power or state .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
The WB Television Network , or simply The WB , was a television network in the United States that was launched on January 11 , 1995 as a joint venture of Warner Bros. and Tribune Broadcasting .
For example , the task of describing mathematically the motion of a projectile is made easier by separating out the force of gravity , angle of projection and initial velocity .
Video games A Snow White video game was released for the Game Boy Color system .
Distinctive teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment .
The Jobi Manucode is distributed in lowland forests of Jobi Island and northern New Guinea .
Michelozzo , Italian architect and sculptor ( d. 1472 )
In Nepal , kindergarten is simply known as '' kindergarten '' .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
Rutherford Birchard Hayes ( October 4 , 1822 - January 17 , 1893 ) was the 19th President of the United States ( 1877-1881 ) .
Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( British ) Nightingale Nightinghale , Retrieved June 11 , 2007 .
There are many other names for going to school online , including virtual high school , distance education , cyber charter school , internet high school , online charter high school or e-learning .
The North Atlantic oscillation ( NAO ) is a climatic phenomenon in the North Atlantic Ocean of fluctuations in the difference of atmospheric pressure at sea level between the Icelandic low and the Azores high .
It includes anything conducted by surface ships , amphibious ships , submarines , and seaborne aviation , as well as ancillary support , communications , training , and other fields ; recent developments have included space related operations .
The term is used in WiFi encryption such as WEP or WPA , where both the wireless access points ( AP ) and all clients share the same key .
This was ( last edited ) by .
The city had two sectors : the urin and hanan , which were further divided to each encompass two of the four provinces , Chinchasuyu ( NW ) , Antisuyu ( NE ) , Qontisuyu ( SW ) and Collasuyu ( SE ) .
Homestead is a city in Miami-Dade County , Florida , United States nestled between Biscayne National Park to the east and Everglades National Park to the west .
Her mother objected to her 13-year-old daughter 's presence on the set of Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains , but Dern sued for emancipation .
Its embers flared up again briefly in 2000 when one of its leading figures , Ernst Nolte , was awarded a literary prize .
The SI unit for radioactivity , the becquerel ( Bq ) , is named after him .
Alexander I was the namesake for the Alexanderplatz in Berlin , Germany .
Louis IX of France ( Saint Louis ) rebuilt the port in the 13th century as France 's only Mediterranean port at that time .
The British divided Hazara District into three Tehsils ( administrative subdivisions ) : Mansehra , Abbottabad , and Haripur ; and decided to annex it to the Punjab .
He competed mainly in dark matches , before being moved to Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) in January 2007 .
The use of adits for the extraction of ore is generally called drift mining .
Most cases of diabetes mellitus fall into three broad categories : type 1 , type 2 , and gestational diabetes .
At least 55 million tonnes of apples were grown worldwide in 2005 , with a value of about $ 10 billion .
The five largest modern countries that are mainly archipelagos are Indonesia , Japan , the Philippines , New Zealand and the United Kingdom . The largest archipelagic state in the world , by size , is Indonesia .
Security The XSL attack , if effective , would weaken Serpent ( though not as much as it would weaken Rijndael , which became AES ) .
Prior to that they played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and were known as the Brandon Elks for a short time in the 1940s .
The history of the Middle East dates back to ancient times , and throughout its history , the Middle East has been a major center of world affairs .
Among the sponsors , there are the Austrian government , the local authorities of Vorarlberg as well as private banks .
This is the decisive naval engagement of the Seven Years ' War -- after this , the French are no longer able to field a significant fleet .
The primary association in cargo cults is between the divine nature of '' cargo '' ( manufactured goods ) and the advanced , non-native behavior , clothing and equipment of the recipients of the '' cargo '' .
Before the first gospel was written ( Mark , c 65-70 ) , Paul the Apostle used the term gospel when he reminded the people of the church at Corinth '' of the gospel I preached to you '' ( 1 Corinthians 15.1 ) .
George Frideric Handel , most famous today for his Messiah , also wrote secular oratorios based on themes from Greek and Roman mythology .
One Yolngu prehistoric stone arrangement at Maccasans Beach near Yirrkala shows the layout of the Macassan praus used for trepang ( sea cucumber ) fishing in the area .
Armenia and Uzbekistan allow citizens of CIS member states , except Turkmenistan ( and Tajikistan to enter Uzbekistan ) , to enter visa-free as tourists .
More than 94 % of Grameen loans have gone to women , who suffer disproportionately from poverty and who are more likely than men to devote their earnings to their families .
Heath Miller ( born July 15 , 1983 ) is an American professional wrestler working for World Wrestling Entertainment . He performs on the SmackDown brand under the name Heath Slater .
Three years back , China 's Shanghai Jiao Tong University placed Ohio State as the 61st ranked university in the world in their 2007 Academic Ranking of World Universities .
Roberto de Assis Moreira , commonly known as Assis ( born January 10 , 1971 ) , is a former footballer who is the brother , manager , agent and adviser of Brazilian footballer Ronaldinho .
In addition to designing and granting new arms , the College fields many requests from people attempting to demonstrate descent from an armigerous ( arms-bearing ) person ; a person descended in the male line ( or through heraldic heiresses ) from such an ancestor may be reissued that ancestor 's arms ( with differencing marks if necessary to distinguish from senior-line cousins ) .
This is in part because the Royal and Ancient Golf Club , founded in 1754 , exercises legislative authority over the game worldwide ( except in the United States and Mexico ) , and also because the famous links ( acquired by the town in 1894 ) is the most frequent venue for The Open Championship , the oldest of golf 's four major championships .
The unicameral parliament of Scotland is first found on record during the early thirteenth century , with the first meeting for which a primary source survives ( referred to , like the contemporaneous Parliament of England , as a colloquium in the surviving Latin records ) at Kirkliston ( a small town now on the outskirts of Edinburgh ) in 1235 , during the reign of Alexander II of Scotland .
The four cardinal directions or cardinal points are the directions of north , south , east , and west , commonly denoted by their initials : N , S , E , W. East and west are at right angles to north and south , with east being in the direction of rotation and west being directly opposite .
Uccello was married to Tomassa Malifici by 1453 , because in that year Donato ( named after Donatello ) was born , and in 1456 his wife gave birth to Antonia .
If this technique is followed , the eggs should be moist in texture with a creamy consistency .
He featured in Time magazine 's 2006 list of ` Asian Heroes ' .
Albert I of Brandenburg begins his ruthless program to pacify the Slavic region .
In scholarship , a secondary sourcePrimary , Secondary and Tertiary Sources , UM LibrariesJCU - Primary , Secondary & Tertiary Sources is a document or recording that relates or discusses information originally presented elsewhere .
Black Stone Cherry is a rock band formed on June 4 , 2001 in Edmonton , Kentucky , USA .
In law , oaths are made by a witness to a court of law before giving testimony and usually by a newly-appointed government officer to the people of a state before taking office .
'' Como La Flor '' ( ) is a song by Mexican-American singer Selena , from her third studio album , Entre a Mi Mundo (/O1992/O) .
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui ( or Pachacutec ) was the ninth Sapa Inca ( 1438-1471\/1472 ) of the Kingdom of Cusco , which he transformed into the empire Tawantinsuyu , or the Inca Empire .
January -- The Assize of Northampton is enacted .
Creation Entertainment , an American company that runs numerous science fiction and fantasy conventions
At the time of his death , on 22 January 2008 , Ledger had completed about half of the work for his final film performance as Tony in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus .
La Flamengrie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The body was hand-laid fiberglass which actually hid Roth 's extensive chrome work to the chassis .
Vortex ( California 's Great America ) , a stand-up roller coaster at California 's Great America in Santa Clara , California , United States
Pogona vitticeps , the Central ( or Inland ) Bearded Dragon , is a species of agamid lizard occurring in a wide range of arid to semi-arid regions of Australia .
Raceday fashion has occasionally drawn almost as much attention as the race itself , The miniskirt received worldwide publicity when model Jean Shrimpton wore one on Derby Day during Melbourne Cup week in 1965 .
The single has since become Rihanna 's fourth number one single from the album on the Billboard Hot 100 .
This party is also active in Lebanon , where it competes for the six National Assembly seats reserved for ethnic Armenians .
It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken , a legendary sea monster .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet ( born September 3 1953 ) is a French film director .
It is of interest as being perhaps the first surviving text in the Leonese dialect , but more probably it represents an Iberian Romance predating any useful distinction between Leonese and Castilian .
Linux Mint has a stated focus on elegance , and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu ( see aforementioned Mint tools ) .
The chemical equation below summarizes the fermentation of glucose , whose chemical formula is C6H12O6 .
Sonic 's appearance varies greatly depending on the medium and the style in which he is drawn .
African leopard ( P. p. pardus ) , Sub-Saharan Africa .
Mullah Mohammed Omar ( ; born c. 1959 ) , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Early campaigns Pat campaigned at her husband 's side in 1946 when he entered politics , running successfully for a seat in the United States House of Representatives .
The bombings were carried out by four Muslim men , three of British Pakistani and one of British Jamaican descent , who were motivated by the teachings of Osama Bin Ladin , opposition to British support of Saudi Arabia , and anger of Britain 's involvement in the Iraq War .
In 1950 , he provided the singing voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney 's Cinderella .
It is named after Lund Observatory , Sweden .
Shabonos have a characteristic oval shape , with open grounds in the center measuring an average of 100 yards .
Paulo Jorge dos Santos Futre ( , born February 28 , 1966 in Montijo ) is a former Portuguese professional footballer , who played mostly as a left winger .
A leading Christian theological institution known for its academic rigor and ethnic and denominational diversity , Fuller has over 4300 students from over 67 countries and 108 denominations .
Over the years , Mennonites have become known as one of the historic peace churches because of their commitment to nonviolence .
In particular , Hugo 's plays , in which he rejected the rules of classical theater in favor of romantic drama , attracted the interest of many composers who adapted them into operas .
When the cache client ( a CPU , web browser , operating system ) needs to access a datum presumed to exist in the backing store , it first checks the cache . If an entry can be found with a tag matching that of the desired datum , the datum in the entry is used instead .
See also a list of Mayors of Chattanooga , Tennessee .
This work helped further the big-bang theory of the universe using the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite ( COBE ) .
In January 2009 , The Saturdays released their third single '' Issues '' .
Wyoming is a city in Stark County , Illinois , United States .
The average South African household income decreased considerably between 1995 and 2000 .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
Prior to the invention of the sawmill , boards were rived and planed , or more often sawn by two men with a whipsaw , using saddleblocks to hold the log , and a saw pit for the pitman who worked below .
In the nineteenth century the city became the General Headquarters for the French Army during the War of Independence ( Peninsular War ) under the reign of Jose Bonaparte ( 1801-1812 ) .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
The fruit of many species are eaten by humans and some are of commercial importance , including the cranberry , blueberry , bilberry or whortleberry , lingonberry or cowberry , and huckleberry .
On October 7 , 2008 , his album Kind of Blue , released in 1959 , received its fourth platinum certification from the RIAA , signifying sales of 4 million copies .
The Fantastic Four is a fictional superhero team appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as ( East Germany ) , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
It currently has one councillor in local government , and participated in the 2010 general election as part of the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition .
The village of Baldheri itself is situated at 34 15 ' 0N 73 12 ' 0E Falling Rain Genomics - Location of Baldheri which is about 11 km east of Abbottabad city center on the route towards Mansehra on the main Mansehra Road .
According to the website Bible Research , it contains ( in order ) '' the last eight chapters of Romans ; all of Hebrews ; virtually all of 1 - 2 Corinthians ; all of Ephesians , Galatians , Philippians , Colossians ; and two chapters of 1 Thessalonians .
Biographical introduction Their youngest son , William Temple Todd , also died in 1793 from yellow fever .
Villeret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
is a 1990 action film , and the second installment of the Die Hard series .
For the aggressive red weaver ants sometimes called '' fire ants '' in Southeast Asia please see Oecophylla smaragdina .
Les Clark ( November 17 , 1907 - September 12 , 1979 ) , who joined Disney in 1927 .
The 1980 represented a period of strength for the company , with Peter Jonas as general director , David Pountney as artistic director , and Mark Elder as music director , known as the '' Power House '' years .
The first fossils named Edmontosaurus were discovered in southern Alberta , Canada , in what used to be called the lower Edmonton Formation . The type species , E. regalis , was named by Lawrence Lambe in 1917 , although several other species that are now classified in Edmontosaurus were named earlier .
He served in the State House from 1829 to 1833 , and as Speaker from 1832 to 1833 .
Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
The population of Baldheri Union Council is 14,796 .
Gothika is a 2003 American supernatural thriller directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and written by Sebastian Gutierrez .
Dundee Football Club , founded in 1893 , is a football club based in the city of Dundee , Scotland .
Neotenic fire salamanders have not been observed busy with this matter .
The album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .
'' See p. 123 .
The Sunshine Coast ( population 312,908 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers ) is a coastal region located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .
Wireless communication is the transfer of information over a distance without the use of enhanced electrical conductors or '' wires '' .
Imperial is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities , the Association of MBAs , the European University Association , the G5 , the IDEA League , the League of European Research Universities , Oak Ridge Associated Universities and the Russell Group .
The attribute of the tag must be set to the same name what we would give to the ( lacking ) field of the citation template .
Wheaton College is a private , residential , evangelical Protestant Christian liberal arts college in Wheaton , Illinois , a suburb west of Chicago in the United States .
For example , subscript letters on the baseline are quite rare , and many typefaces only provide a limited number of superscripted letters .
From the window he often saw British soldiers firing at the demonstrators , men and women .
Since the Spice Girls pursued separate careers , she has had a solo pop music career , scoring four UK Top 10 singles .
Appeal to Reason was met with generally positive reviews .
Grandpa Never Lies is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson .
If it falls on Thursday or Friday , the holiday is moved to the next Monday .
A funnel cloud is usually visible as a cone-shaped or needle like protuberance from the main cloud base .
It was later postulated that '' hotspots '' are fed by narrow streams of hot mantle rising from the Earth 's core-mantle boundary in a structure called a mantle plume . Whether or not such mantle plumes exist is currently the subject of a major controversy in Earth science .
Schumacher 's retirement at the end of made Barrichello the most experienced driver on the grid , and at the 2008 Turkish Grand Prix he became the most experienced driver in F1 history .
In November 2010 , Farage successfully stood in the 2010 UKIP leadership contest , following the resignation of its leader , Malcolm Pearson .
In 1999 , it won '' Album of the Year '' , '' Best Rock Album '' and '' Best Cover Art '' , and '' The Day You Come '' won '' Single of the Year '' .
Ivan lost tropical characteristics on September 18 while crossing Virginia .
The monorail travels the 2.5 kilometres between the terminal and station at a maximum speed of 50 km\/h .
The 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a 6.9 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 11 March 2010 , at 11:39 local time ( 14:39 UTC ) .
Earling is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
His Dark Materials is a trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman comprising Northern Lights ( 1995 , published as The Golden Compass in North America ) , The Subtle Knife (/O1997/O) , and The Amber Spyglass (/O2000/O) .
Hure is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Fra Angelico ( c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) , born Guido di Pietro , was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having '' a rare and perfect talent '' .
A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism .
As a New Dealer , he supported President Franklin D. Roosevelt , a Democrat , and in turn Roosevelt heavily funded the city and cut off patronage from LaGuardia 's foes .
For example , given a truly vertical rock wall above a very steep slope , one could count only the rock wall , or the combination .
Kenai Peninsula College , KPC offers a limited number of four-year degrees .
William Clay Matthews III ( born May 14 , 1986 ) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League .
Since then it has been held every year except 1980 .
Temperature The average water temperature is around ; it remains liquid below the normal freezing point because of high pressure from the weight of the ice above it .
He later retracts his guilty plea .
Acanthomyops claviger ( Roger , 1862 )
The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual , originating from the Rimo glacier , it flows in a southeasternly direction and joining the Pangong range , it takes a northwestern turn , flowing parallel to its previous path .
It is also only possible for trees that are solid to the center . Many very old trees become hollow as the dead heartwood decays .
At 140 - 150 cm ( 55-60 inches ) high , the crane does not make easy prey , for all that it stands out in its natural habitat of marshes and swamps .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Kasur - Government of Pakistan The market town of Pattoki is the headquarters of the tehsil .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This and all the following councils in this list are not recognized by the Assyrian Church of the East .
Crawford Wilson ( born June 19 , 1990 ) is an American actor and voice actor , from Memphis , Tennessee .
Ernman represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow , Russia .
Shortstop , abbreviated SS , is the baseball fielding position between second and third base .
It also produces radio programs which go out on some of the BBC World Service 's language services and partner stations .
A set of madrigals by him appeared in 1598 and a second in 1608 , the two sets containing sixty-four pieces .
During the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , where professional cyclists were allowed to compete for the first time , Indurain won the gold medal in the individual time trial .
There is some evidence suggesting it is caused by a combination of autoimmune , genetic , and environmental factors .
Anna Bessonova ( ; ) ( born July 29 , 1984 ) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast who was born in Kiev , Ukraine .
Duel Monsters GX ) * Shou Tucker , Fullmetal Alchemist * Sho Tsukioka , Battle Royale * Sho Shinjo , a character in the Battle Arena Toshinden fighting game series * Sho , protagonist of Koei 's video game Crimson Sea A Japanese surname .
The outer wall is estimated to have required over 100,000 cubic meters ( 131,000 cu yd ) of travertine stone which were set without mortar held together by 300 tons of iron clamps .
In the tenth game , Lasker as White played a position with an isolated queen pawn but failed to create the necessary activity and Capablanca reached a superior ending , which he duly won .
The activists refused to leave the house and barricaded themselves inside .
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa , ( born May 19 , 1973 in Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player .
Females are bright reddish-pink or a brownish color with well-developed reniform spots .
To make the feat even more memorable , Ripken hit a home run in the previous night 's game that tied Gehrig 's record and another home run in his 2,131 st game , which fans later voted as Major League Baseball 's '' Most Memorable Moment '' in MLB history .
Please check on ( this list ) that the username you choose has not already been taken .
Copyright on the English lyrics for '' God Defend New Zealand '' expired from the end of the year which was fifty years after the death of the author ( Bracken ) , i.e. , from 1 January 1949 .
In 1995 , Karthikeyan graduated to the Formula Asia Championship for just four races .
Dentition is used to see where people moved , because people from different place have different teeth .
Haripur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) , of Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
There were five major hurricanes for the season , and as many as five storms existed from August 22 to September 1 -- Humberto , Iris , Jerry , Karen , and Luis .
Basile Boli ( born January 2 , 1967 ) is a French former footballer and current television sports presenter .
Lage is a town in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia ( German : Nordrhein-Westfalen ) , Germany , approximatively 8 km northwest of Detmold .
They played with a couple of other members until they met bassist Mark Hoppus in 1992 and Hoppus became a permanent member .
Kijiji ( ; , villageeBay Classifieds Group page about Kijiji brand ) ( aka ebayclassifieds.com ) is a centralized network of online urban communities for posting local online classified advertisements .
Comparison of the three types of cell division The DNA content of a cell is duplicated at the start of the cell reproduction process .
Major League Baseball in the United States and Canada consists of the National League ( founded in 1876 ) and the American League (/O1901/O) .
Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season , however , BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry .
She won a silver medal at the 2004 - 2005 Junior Grand Prix Final with an overall score of 137.75 points .
Sinhala ( , ISO 15919 : , pronounced , sometimes referred by alternative spelling Singhalese ) , also known as Helabasa .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A second trailer for the film was released on October 3 , 2008 , preceding Beverly Hills Chihuahua .
In previous seasons , Warner had split time with the team 's younger quarterback Matt Leinart , although Warner started the final 11 games of the 2007 season after Leinart suffered a season-ending injury .
He is best known for his work on the improvement of the microscope and for his contributions towards the establishment of microbiology .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
Food particles in the water current are trapped in a stream of mucous that travels along the tentacles until it reaches the oral ring from where it is drawn into the mouth and then on into the digestive tract .
The Albigensian Crusade was launched in 1209 to eliminate the heretical Cathars of Occitania ( the south of modern-day France ) .
Martin David Robinson ( September 26 , 1925 & ndash ; December 8 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Marty Robbins , was an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist .
In tetrapods , the tarsus is a cluster of articulating bones in each foot situated between the lower end of tibia and fibula of the lower leg and the metatarsus .
Occidental College is a selective , private , coeducational liberal arts college located in the Eagle Rock neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
Between August 12 , 1932 and September 9 , 1934 Gimnasia won five consecutive La Plata derbies , the longest run of victories in that derby until Estudiantes emulated that feat in 2006-08 .
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids .
Washington University in St. Louis ( Wash U , WUSTL ) is a private research university located in suburban St. Louis , Missouri .
The highest point in the region is Kinder Scout , in the Derbyshire Peak District at 2,088 ft ( 636 m ) .
Similar to spiritual leaders , the imam is the one who leads the prayer during Islamic gatherings .
Dollon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Interstate 74 is the only interstate to overlap with a US Route sharing the same numerical identification , which it does with U.S. Route 74 in North Carolina .
Nera may refer to one of the following : Nera ( Italy ) , a tributary of the Tiber in Italy .
Le Chevain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Cloud forests appear only in few areas above 500 metres but they provide habitat to several endemic flora .
He is the recipient of the Oxford Cup , Beta Theta Pi 's greatest honor .
The Academy examined novelty.MarketsAndPatents.com , Nowotarski , Bakos , '' A Short History of Private Patent Examination '' , Insurance IP Bulletin October 2009 Examinations were generally done in secret with no requirement to publish a description of the invention .
Lisa Michelle Bonet ( born November 16 , 1967 ) is an American actress .
The tree grows to 60-70 m ( 200-230 ft ) tall and has a very substantial trunk up to 3 m ( 10 ft ) in diameter with buttresses .
The cracking sound a bullwhip makes when properly wielded is , in fact , a small sonic boom . The end of the whip , known as the '' cracker '' , moves faster than the speed of sound , thus creating a sonic boom .
Excavation is continuing at the site ; the monumental architecture and persistent tradition of sculpture in a variety of styles suggest the site was of some importance .
In his Lives of the Artists , Giorgio Vasari relates that Giotto was a shepherd boy , a merry and intelligent child who was loved by all who knew him .
The 500 m long melt-water stream draining that portion of the northwestern slope of Balkan Snowfield located between Hesperides Hill , Atlantic Club Ridge , Krum Rock and Sinemorets Hill in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The song was originally introduced during The Beatles sessions ; a demo from the Esher Sessions can be found on Anthology 3 .
Results # Results Stipulations Times Lance Storm and Chief Morley ( c ) defeated Kane and Rob Van Dam .
A simpleton is one who is simple .
When Yokoi designed the original Game Boy , he knew that to be successful , the system needed to be small , light , inexpensive , and durable , as well as have a varied , recognizable library of games upon its release .
In 1916 , Ohio State was elected into membership in the Association of American Universities .
Image processing usually refers to digital image processing , but optical and analog image processing also are possible .
Variations of dress do occur depending on local business culture and climate .
The Americans , suspicious of Japanese intentions , also stayed behind to keep an eye on the Japanese .
Third form Frieza 's third formDragon Ball Z manga , volume 10 , chapter 108 is again more brutish , with an extremely elongated skull .
Denmark was a pioneer in developing commercial wind power during the 1970s , and today almost half of the wind turbines around the world are produced by Danish manufacturers such as Vestas .
Year 1430 ( MCDXXX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The Service employs nearly 6000 people around Australia and overseas and is headquartered in Canberra .
Romania shares a border with Hungary and Serbia to the west , Ukraine and the Moldova to the northeast , and Bulgaria to the south .
Cresseveuille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Vienna Philharmonic ( in German : Wiener Philharmoniker ) is an orchestra in Austria , regularly considered one of the finest in the world .
Sylvia is also a fairly fast rotator , turning about its axis every 5.18 hours ( giving an equatorial rotation velocity of about 230 km/h or 145 mph ) .
The falls are often claimed to be the 4th , 5th or 6th tallest in the United States ( despite that , it really is nowhere near the top 10 ) and are usually said to stand 640 feet tall .
It was set up as a result of the failure of all six stream ciphers submitted to the NESSIE project .
( a ) Share a large majority of their species and ecological dynamics ; ( b ) Share similar environmental conditions , and ; ( c ) Interact ecologically in ways that are critical for their long-term persistence .
In June 2007 , representatives of the three countries announced they would bid , as a single political entity , for the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
This period spanned the years from 1260 to 1261 .
Platts has reported that '' the crisis at Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world '' .
Michio Ashikaga is a former Japanese footballer .
Contemporaries described Maria as a pretty , flirtatious girl , broadly built , with light brown hair and large blue eyes that were known in the family as '' Marie 's saucers '' .
As a system of government , it is known as Tsarism .
Moreton Bay bug
The club is a co-operative venture , owned by the people of Sligo . Sligo Rovers have played at The Showgrounds since their inception .
The fruit , called a cacao pod , is ovoid , 15 -- 30 cm ( or 6 -- 12 in ) long and 8 -- 10 cm ( 3 -- 4 in ) wide , ripening yellow to orange , and weighs about 500 g ( 1 lb ) when ripe .
Prior to publication of the double helix structure , Watson and Crick had little interaction with Franklin . Crick and Watson felt that they had benefited from collaborating with Maurice Wilkins .
Year 1378 ( MCCCLXXVIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The first recorded mention of Gateshead is in the writings of the Venerable Bede who referred to an Abbot of Gateshead called Utta in 623 .
The City of Djibouti ( , Somali : Jabuuti , ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Djibouti .
The original Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Elektrochemistry , founded in 1911 , was incorporated in the Max Planck Society and simultaneously renamed for its first director , Fritz Haber , in 1953 .
The Tillamook initially spoke Tillamook , a Salish language , but gradually began to use English in greater amounts .
The island is the location of Wideawake Airfield , which is a joint facility of the United States Air Force and the Royal Air Force and the BBC World Service Atlantic Relay Station .
It is the last city in Punjab on the national highway that connects Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of India .
Professional page-turners are often freelance casual workers , not associated with any given concert hall or orchestra .
Because of its mountainous geography , tourism is important in Nidwalden .
It is a residential inner suburb of San Francisco , as well as the site of heavy industry , which has been undergoing a shift towards a service and commercial economy since the 1970s .
Her solo career began in 1963 with the upbeat pop hit , '' I Only Want To Be With You '' .
Both couples live in New York City .
Begging the question is related to the circular argument , circulus in probando ( Latin , '' circle in proving '' ) or circular reasoning , though these are considered absolutely different by Aristotle .
Cooks select and combine ingredients using a wide range of tools and methods .
'' 80,000 dead in one Burma province '' , The Australian , May 9 , 2008 The cyclone made landfall in the country on May 2 , 2008 , causing catastrophic destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities .
Their semi-major axes ( distances from Jupiter ) range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 and 154.8 , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
This article is mainly about the native Korean writing system .
Rising gently above these lowlands is a geographical region comprising the four hilly districts of moraines and moraine-dammed lakes formed during and after the Pleistocene ice age .
He is best known as the co-host of American Gladiators series for seven years .
The Communist Party of Germany also made striking gains , albeit not so great .
Before forming Bread , Gates and Griffin had both worked with Royer 's previous band , The Pleasure Fair , with Gates producing and arranging the band 's 1967 album , The Pleasure Fair .
An acre is the area of 10 square chains ( that is , an area of one chain by one furlong ) .
The size of the 135 film frame has been adopted by many high-end digital single-lens reflex cameras , referred to as full-frame digital SLRs .
George Grenville ( 14 October 1712 13 November 1770 ) , was a British Whig statesman who served in government for the relatively short period of seven years , reaching the position of Prime Minister of Great Britain .
He is best known as the guitarist of the alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , with whom he has recorded five studio albums .
A finite string is a finite sequence of letters from an alphabet ; for instance a binary string is a string drawn from the alphabet { 0,1 } .
Hikari Hino , A Japanese porn star
After graduating from Excelsior High School in 1929 , Pat Ryan attended Fullerton Junior College .
The Pygmy Marmoset or Dwarf Monkey ( Cebuella pygmaea ) is a New World monkey native to the rainforest canopies of western Brazil , southeastern Colombia , eastern Ecuador , eastern Peru , and northern Bolivia .
Because most common ceramics are crystalline , the definition of ceramic is often restricted to inorganic crystalline materials , as opposed to the non-crystalline glasses .
Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason ( 18 June 1858 - 15 March 1927 ) , better known as Hector Rason , was the seventh Premier of Western Australia .
This was again won by fake bidders , so in July SEOBidding.com announced that the website would be sold for $ 500,000 and that legal action would be pursued against the fake bidders .
The power consumption of SRAM varies widely depending on how frequently it is accessed ; it can be as power-hungry as dynamic RAM , when used at high frequencies , and some ICs can consume many watts at full bandwidth .
The III-S strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system , resulting in the death of the host , while the II-R strain does n't have that protective capsule and is defeated by the host 's immune system .
Profiling experts believe that Chandler may have killed previously , based on the speculation that a first-time killer would not be experienced or bold enough to abduct and kill three women at once .
Cephalopod molluscs such as squid , cuttlefish and octopus are among the most neurologically advanced invertebrates .
The Unification Church is a new religious movement founded by Korean religious leader Sun Myung Moon .
To date , granular GMR has only been observed in matrices of copper containing cobalt granules .
A variant of the Ford Essex engine was developed for the Ford Capris raced in Group 2 in the early 1970s .
It was home to Eleanor of Aquitaine for a time , and Richard II of England .
Since 1996 , the HTML specifications have been maintained , with input from commercial software vendors , by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
W. G. '' Snuffy '' Walden received an Emmy Award for Main Title Theme Music in 2000 for '' The West Wing Opening Theme '' .
Its name is Latin for cup , and in Greek mythology it is identified with the cup of the god Apollo .
In language , dysphemism ( from the Greek dys '' mis - '' and pheme '' reputation '' ) , malphemism ( in Latin malus '' bad '' ) , and cacophemism ( in Greek kakos '' bad '' ) refer to the usage of an intentionally harsh word or expression instead of a polite one ; they are rough opposites of euphemism .
March 4 & ndash ; Mongol invasion of Rus & ndash ; Battle of the Sit River : The Mongol Hordes of Batu Khan defeat the Rus ' under Yuri Vsevolodovich of Vladimir-Suzdal .
Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes .
The first storm to form in the Central Pacific in the 2006 Pacific hurricane season , Ioke was a record breaking , long-lived and extremely powerful storm that traversed the Pacific for 19 days , reaching the equivalent of Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale three times .
The origin of the name Bezenye comes from a Slav word meaning '' elder '' tree ( '' baza '' ) .
Fates who also hosted CBS Television Quiz , the first television game show ever to be broadcast regularly .
She attended Nagoya International School until the middle of 1st grade .
Andy Gibb ( 5 March 1958 - 10 March 1988 ) was a British singer and teen idol , and the youngest brother of the family whose other members formed the Bee Gees : Barry , Robin , and Maurice Gibb .
Please do not rename or remove these classes ; nor collapse nested elements which use them .
One display case , some 30 m long , is wholly filled with human hair which the Nazis gathered from people before they were sent to labor or before and after they were killed .
After the dissolution of the Barebones Parliament , John Lambert put forward a new constitution known as the Instrument of Government , closely modelled on the Heads of Proposals .
Megaloblastic anemia ( or megaloblastic anemia ) is an anemia ( of macrocytic classification ) that results from inhibition of DNA synthesis in red blood cell production .
Russian Cossacks advance over the Urals to the Pacific , to Okhotsk .
Like all squamates , snakes are ectothermic , amniote vertebrates covered in overlapping scales .
Ernest Augustus I ( 5 June 1771 - 18 November 1851 ) was King of Hanover from 20 June 1837 until his death . He was the fifth son and eighth child of George III , who reigned in both the United Kingdom and Hanover .
Population The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 25,475 .
The length of this bit string is the block size .
Taking its name from the historic town of Greenwich , the present borough was formed in 1965 by the amalgamation of the former area of the Metropolitan Borough of Greenwich with part of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to the east .
Ivan quickly weakened due to dry air , but it gradually reorganized , passing just south of Grenada as a major hurricane on September 7 .
Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy .
Antwerp ( Dutch : ) is the northernmost province both of the Flemish Region , also called Flanders , and of Belgium .
Simon Kinberg was hired as writer soon after Singer 's departure , and speculation arose to Joss Whedon directing the film .
The band achieved mainstream success with their first single from the album , '' Fat Lip '' , which reached number-one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart and remains the band 's most successful single to date .
Tim Hortons commands 76 % of the Canadian market for baked goods ( based on the number of customers served ) and holds 62 % of the Canadian coffee market ( compared to Starbucks , in the number two position , at 7 % ) .
His mother was employed as a midwife and afterwards as a wet-nurse to look after and feed the Emperor Shenzong who was to start his reign in 1051 and continue until 1107 .
While originally consisting of six members , the current group members are Masahiro Nakai , Takuya Kimura , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , Goro Inagaki and Shingo Katori .
Prize money was first awarded in 1968 , the first year that professional players were allowed to compete in the Championships .
The Books of the Bible are listed differently in the canons of Judaism and the Catholic , Protestant , Greek Orthodox , Slavonic Orthodox , Georgian , Armenian Apostolic , Syriac and Ethiopian churches , although there is substantial overlap .
A slightly different version of the RNA-world hypothesis is that a different type of nucleic acid , such as PNA , TNA or GNA , was the first one to emerge as a self-reproducing molecule , to be replaced by RNA only later .
Popol Vuh was a German Krautrock band founded by pianist and keyboardist Florian Fricke in 1970 together with Holger Trulzsch ( percussion ) and Frank Fiedler ( electronics ) .
Joseph Priestley ( 13 March 1733 ( Old Style ) -- 6 February 1804 ) was an 18th-century English theologian , Dissenting clergyman , natural philosopher , educator , and political theorist who published over 150 works .
The German word means '' president of the ministers '' , therefore , '' Ministers ' President '' would be a more literal translation .
It can also be used for concerts .
strength1 = ~ .
Many people have also come to know Leah 's little sister , Lucy who was born with spina bifida and cerebral palsy .
Early in the sixth overtime period , a pass from Boston defenseman Eddie Shore was intercepted , and Ken Doraty skated in on a breakaway , cleanly beating Thompson at 4:46 of the period .
Many of them published their own books detailing their recipes in competition with their rivals .
April 25 & ndash ; Easter occurs on the latest possible date ( last time 1886 ; next time 2038 ) .
After the death of his foster mother , Genet was placed with an elderly couple but remained with them less than two years .
Agriculture encompasses a wide variety of specialties and techniques , including ways to expand the lands suitable for plant raising , by digging water-channels and other forms of irrigation .
Their next project was 1985 's Crimewave , directed by Sam Raimi .
The first of two recording sessions for the song was at Regent Sound Studio in London on 9 February 1967 in three takes .
Japanese Admiral Chuichi Nagumo orders a strike on Midway Island by much of the Imperial Japanese navy .
Hoffmann , working at the Aktiengesellschaft Farbenfabriken ( today the Bayer pharmaceutical company ) in Elberfeld , Germany , was instructed by his supervisor Heinrich Dreser to acetylate morphine with the objective of producing codeine , a constituent of the opium poppy , pharmacologically similar to morphine but less potent and less addictive .
The Adelaide Cup is a Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race held in South Australia .
Saint-Paul-du-Vernay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Although ignored for a decade , this view was subjected to substantial criticism , resulting in several widely believed counter examples to the theory .
Loosely speaking , a derivative can be thought of as how much one quantity is changing in response to changes in some other quantity ; for example , the derivative of the position of a moving object with respect to time is the object 's instantaneous velocity .
Bricostore is a French hypermarket chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods .
He worked with W.J. Henderson on the energy distribution of positrons in artificial radioactivity .
For about two weeks the puzzle gave snippets from an unknown song , along with the caption '' YOU DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ... '' .
It was 1926 before the orchestra was resurrected , with its members rehearsing for no fee , and each contributing money to make a new season the following year possible .
In reflecting on his courtship of Monroe , Miller wrote , '' She was a whirling light to me then , all paradox and enticing mystery , street-tough one moment , then lifted by a lyrical and poetic sensitivity that few retain past early adolescence . ''
A history of the game : its players , and its strategy , Crown Publishers 1968 , p. 154 , is an Argentine-Spanish former footballer and coach , widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time .
When the Lebanese civil war ended and other warring factions agreed to disarm , Hezbollah and the SLA refused .
Polydor Records is a British record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
Bouillon is a municipality of Belgium .
Burroughs , William J. ( 2007 ) '' Climate Change in Prehistory : the end of the reign of chaos '' ( Cambridge University Press ) Human migration The Saharan pump has been used to date four waves of human migration from Africa , namely : Homo erectus ( ssp .
See : Naimark , Norman M. Fires of Hatred : Ethnic Cleansing in Twentieth-Century Europe .
Buckley says of Bowie , '' His influence has been unique in popular culture -- he has permeated and altered more lives than any comparable figure . ''
This is likely due to influence from neighboring Mon and Tai languages .
Wood was born in London .
Other notably popular characters through the years have been The Little Twin Stars ( created by Mr. Tsuji himself ) , My Melody , Keroppi , Tuxedo Sam , Badtz-Maru , Kuromi , Charmmy Kitty , Pochacco , Chococat , and Cinnamoroll .
In the 1960s , Stallone dropped out of the beauty school after winning a scholarship for the American College of Switzerland in Leysin where he studied drama and was well received in school productions .
Dudley also refused to help her and then , fearful of the Queen discovering the visit and suspecting an affair , he immediately told Elizabeth everything he knew .
Traditionally , plantain leaves are used like plates while serving South Indian thali or during Sadya .
On local signs , the village is sometimes marked as Woolsery alongside the original name .
Stainless steel does not stain , corrode , or rust as easily as ordinary steel ( it stains less , but it is not stain-proof ) .
Coal was discovered on Black Jack Hill in 1877 .
He is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Runnymede and Weybridge .
Dramatic social changes have led to rapid urbanization and the emergence of megacities .
Some speakers of Quechua also call it ` runa simi ' ( or regional variants thereof ) , literally ` people speech ' , although ` runa ' here has the more specific sense of indigenous Andean people .
Her chic wardrobe was supplied almost exclusively by the couturiere '' Lucile '' , ( Lucy , Lady Duff-Gordon ) but Irene also designed some of her clothes herself .
It occurs on a dying , poisoned Earth de-populated of all '' successful '' humans ; the only remaining inhabitants of the planet are people with no prospects off-world .
His contribution to Chinese philosophy included his assigning special significance to the Analects of Confucius , the Mencius , the Great Learning , and the Doctrine of the Mean ( the Four Books ) , his emphasis on the investigation of things ( gewu ) , and the synthesis of all fundamental Confucian concepts .
Economy and culture Carrara marble has been used since the time of Ancient Rome ; the Pantheon and Trajan 's Column in Rome are constructed of it .
Australian Idol - 2007-2009
Flame Skimmer , type of dragonfly
Before forming Escape the Fate , vocalist Ronnie Radke , bassist Max Green , drummer Robert Ortiz , lead guitarist Bryan Monte Money , and rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa were in multiple bands together .
In English they are also called hurricane lilies or cluster amaryllis .
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau : the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world , including a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures , including the Great Sphinx , the Great Pyramid of Giza , and a number of other large pyramids and temples .
The stadium lacked a naming rights sponsor in its formative years , bearing the name Stadium Australia between its opening in 1999 and 2002 .
Of great historical and commercial significance are lichens belonging to the family Roccellaceae , commonly called orchella weed or orchil .
Mario Armando Lavandeira , Jr. ( born March 23 , 1978 ) , better known as Perez Hilton ( a play on '' Paris Hilton '' ) , is an American blogger and television personality .
Crouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Satan 's '' Mills '' are referred to repeatedly in the main poem , and are first described in words which suggest neither industrialism nor ancient megaliths , but rather something more abstract : '' the starry Mills of Satan \/O/ Are built beneath the earth and waters of the Mundane Shell ... To Mortals thy Mills seem everything , and the Harrow of Shaddai \/O/ A scheme of human conduct invisible and incomprehensible '' .
After primary school , students move on to high school .
The film was nominated for 12 Academy Awards and won seven , including two for him personally ( Best Picture and Best Director ) .
a person who belongs to the nation mainly associated with the European country of Hungary ;
A seaweed may belong to one of several groups of multicellular algae : the red algae , green algae , and brown algae .
Some other Internet security systems in widespread use , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) and Secure Shell ( SSH ) , operate in the upper layers of the TCP\/IP model .
He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood , the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy and first cousin of Snoop Dogg .
Amphetamine derivatives are a class of potent drugs that act by increasing levels of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain , inducing euphoria .
Modern scholars have come to question the existence of at least the first nine emperors ; and Itoku 's descendant , Emperor Sujin is the first many agree might have actually existed .
The title of Archduke ( feminine : Archduchess ) ( German : Erzherzog , feminine - also spousal - form : Erzherzogin ) denotes a rank above Duke and under King .
While on an excruciating tour in Canada with the Bolshoi Ballet in 1974 , Baryshnikov defected , requesting political asylum in Toronto .
UC Lora is bisected by Nadi Haro ( on which the Khanpur Dam is built ) .
The United States Capitol is the meeting place of the United States Congress , and the legislature of the Federal government of the United States .
In some members , the slugs , the shell is reduced or absent , and the body is streamlined so its torsion is relatively inconspicuous .
The New Orleans Saints are a professional American football team based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
He was a teacher at National College of Arts Lahore .
Public opinion Survey results suggest that there is considerable public support for the use of renewable energy and energy efficiency in Australia .
Sid Vicious ( born John Simon Ritchie 10 May 1957 - 2 February 1979 ) was an English musician best known as the bassist of the influential punk rock group Sex Pistols .
Though his work was largely ignored by the official Soviet cultural establishment , he achieved remarkable fame during his lifetime , and to this day exerts significant influence on many of Russia 's popular musicians and actors who wish to emulate his iconic status .
This sound producing action is called stridulation and the song is species-specific .
Radial trajectories are classified as elliptic , parabolic , or hyperbolic based on the energy of the orbit , not the eccentricity .
Roland Navratil - Live Drums ( European Tour 2004-2005 , 2009 )
Anna Kavan ( 10 April 1901 -- 5 December 1968 ; born Helen Emily Woods ) was a British novelist , short story writer and painter .
( , ) is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
Level : Cruella III : Cruella is determined to stop you .
He continued : '' We received ours for entertaining other people .
Normandy comes under Angevin control under Geoffrey of Anjou .
While Mularkey was known for creating flashy trick plays , Whisenhunt became more of a cautious innovator , whose well-timed trick plays contrasted the conservative Pittsburgh run game .
As of 2000 , the population was 30,622 .
The actual process of removing the hair is referred to as electrolysis .
From 1976 to 1980 the race was called the United States Grand Prix East to differentiate from the United States Grand Prix West held in Long Beach the same years .
The Greater Berlin Act ( ) , in full the Law Regarding the Reconstruction of the New Local Authority of Berlin ( ) , was a law passed by the Prussian government in 1920 that greatly expanded the size of the German capital of Berlin .
Taube & Miller 1993 p. 164 The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya .
Slightly more than half of the island , mainly in the west of the island , is designated as the Isle of Wight Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
The United States Census Bureau classifies North Carolina as a southern state in the subcategory of being one of the South Atlantic States .
This exists in virtually all genres of music and is found commonly in punk rock , indie rock , anti-folk and Heavy Metal , among others .
He later graduated with a degree in science at the University of Witwatersrand and studied crystallography at the University of Cape Town before moving to England , completing his doctorate at Trinity College , Cambridge in 1953 .
Dodge 's Manual in 1908 documented the reintroduction of '' love and kisses '' as the number 88 .
Opus Dei is Latin for '' Work of God '' , hence the organization is often referred to by members and supporters as '' the Work '' .
Notable Sinti The Sinti have produced a number of renowned musicians , such as Drafi Deutscher or the jazz guitarists Jimmy Rosenberg and Paulus Schafer .
'' While the school district 's four-paragraph statement referred to intelligent design as an alternative explanation of the '' origin of life , '' and while the school district 's Answer expressly referred to the '' origin of life , '' the parties did not argue or present evidence in court about abiogenesis , bur rather principally about evolution , Darwinism and intelligent design .
The Principality of Sealand is a micronation located on HM Fort Roughs , a former World War II Maunsell Sea Fort in the North Sea 10 km ( six miles ) off the coast of Suffolk , England ( 51 53 ' 40 '' N , 1 28 ' 57 '' E ) .
In 1433 , the city of Bern bought the castle and used it to govern the region from 1444 to 1798 .
Vorticity is a concept used in fluid dynamics .
Background Helmut Schmidt was born in Hamburg , as son of two teachers .
Augusta was the second state capital of Georgia from 1785 until 1795 ( alternating for a period with Savannah , the first ) .
The M1 is a major north- south motorway in England primarily connecting London to Leeds , where it joins the A1 ( M ) near Aberford . While the M1 is considered to be the first inter-urban motorway to be completed in the United Kingdom , the first road to be built to motorway standard in the country was the Preston Bypass , which later became part of the M6 .
World War II has just begun and four children , Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy Pevensie , are evacuated from London in 1940 to escape the Blitz .
As a result , Glebe Road near Windermere , England was closed in both directions , and along the A65 road between Old Hutton and Kirkby Lonsdale , previously saturated soil , combined with overwhelmed storm drains resulted in localized flooding .
The Oresteia trilogy particularly concentrated on man 's position in the cosmos in relation to the gods , divine law , and divine punishment .
It is currently one of five all-male Catholic high schools in the Cincinnati area .
The Crusaders defeat an Egyptian invasion of the Kingdom of Jerusalem near Ascalon .
He also served as Mayor of Minneapolis , Minnesota , 1945 -- 1949 .
Louis IX of France ( Saint Louis ) rebuilt the port in the 13th century as France 's only Mediterranean port at that time .
Arakawa made her Olympic debut when she represented Japan in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano at age 16 .
After the Third Punic War , the city was destroyed by the Romans in 146 BC .
As time passed , Arika started losing her optimism in being an Otome as she learns more about the past , specifically the Dragon King War in which numerous Otomes , many who were friends with each other in Garderobe , fought each other and died .
The contrast between civil law and common law legal systems has become increasingly blurred , with the growing importance of jurisprudence ( almost like case law but in name ) in civil law countries , and the growing importance of statute law and codes in common law countries .
Alfons Schuhbeck born on May 2 , 1949 in Traunstein , Upper Bavaria , Germany is one of Germany 's top chefs , as well as being a restaurateur , celebrity chef , author and businessman .
miles ) , Russia is by far the largest country in the world , covering more than a ninth of the Earth 's land area .
The onee-san and imouto-san ( senior\/junior , literally '' older sister\/younger sister '' ) relationship is important .
In fact , it is probably the increasing prevalence of international trade that is usually meant by the term '' globalisation '' .
xiii-xiv .
Nicholson , p. 4 and building many fortifications across Europe and the Holy Land .
Their repartee included Clinton needling Palin about her '' Tina Fey glasses '' .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty ( ca .
The Progressive Conservative Party holds 19 seats , and the Liberal Party has 2 seats but is not enough for official party status in the Manitoba Legislature .39 th General Election .
The earliest tetrapods radiated from the Sarcopterygii , or lobe-finned fish .
The album has a bluegrass or progressive bluegrass core ; bluegrass mandolinist Ronnie McCoury became the album 's official '' bluegrass guru '' to ensure that there was '' someone who could make sure we did n't do anything clichéd or trite '' .
The city was captured by the combined forces of Aragon and Castile from the armies of the taifa Muslim Emirate of Granada .
Dorothy continued to live with the couple and grew close to Mary .
It is presently banned in more than 50 countries , and in 2009 was included in the Stockholm Convention on persistent organic pollutants , which bans its production and use worldwide .
In the 1970s , Scholastic Press was well-known mainly through their Scholastic Book Clubs , a mail-order service dealing in children 's books , and their magazine publications aimed at youths : Wow ( preschoolers and elementary schoolers ) , Dynamite ( pre-teens ) and Bananas ( teens ) .
Espoo is the second largest city and municipality in Finland .
Following the Interzonal , the top players carried on to the Candidates ' Tournament , Yugoslavia 1959 .
All integers are in this set since every integer can be expressed as the fraction .
On the following day , the appointments were approved en masse by the Senate ; however , to go into effect , the commissions had to be delivered to those appointed .
Delivering checkmate is the ultimate goal in chess : a player who is checkmated loses the game ( the king is never actually captured -- the game ends as soon as the king is checkmated because checkmate leaves the defensive player with no legal moves ) .
He established his own workshop after a brief period as Neri di Bicci 's assistant ; the shop was renowned for its decorative works , a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli .
However , when Brad Armstrong was forced to relinquish the title due to injury on September 2 , 1992 , it became inactive .
He also led the AL in runs (/O141/O) , total bases (/O379/O) , and doubles (/O54/O) and ranked among the league leaders in hits ( 2nd , 215 ) , extra base hits ( 2nd , 91 ) , multi-hit games ( 3rd , 65 ) , slugging ( 4th , .631 ) , RBI ( 8th , 123 ) , and on-base percentage ( 8th , .414 ) .
He served as Egypt 's Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 1977 until early 1991 .
It may also be expressed as a multiple of the Earth 's standard surface gravity , g = 9.80665 m\/s2 .
The series premiered on September 22 , 2004 during UPN 's last two years , and ended on May 22 , 2007 , after a season on UPN 's successor , The CW Television Network .
Sarah Asher Tua Geronimo ( born July 25 , 1988 ) is a Filipina singer , host , model , dancer , and actress .
The show was shown in the USA on PBS Kids in HD until 2005 when it was taken off the air along with Teletubbies and Reading Rainbow .
It was devastated by another earthquake in 1562 .
Kevin McKidd ( born 9 August 1973 ) is a Scottish television and film actor .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known in Japan as , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
Shortly before dying , Robert 's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry , New Hampshire ; and Robert worked the farm for nine years , while writing early in the mornings and producing many of the poems that would later become famous .
This work helped further the big-bang theory of the universe using the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite ( COBE ) .
Pancake restaurants are popular family restaurants and serve many varieties of sweet , savory , and stuffed pancakes .
The Eastern Ridges and Lowlands region in the southeast is home to many of Wisconsin 's largest cities .
High-Definition Multimedia Interface ( HDMI ) is a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data .
They already knew each other from Portsmouth , where their mothers had both worked at Agnes Weston 's Sailors Rest ; Callaghan had tried unsuccessfully to court his sister , Eileen .
Kayes Region is one of eight first level national subdivisions , called Regions in Mali .
Curitiba is divided into 9 regional governments ( boroughs ) covering the 75 neighborhoods of the city .
Olivet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Acid Survivors Foundation is a Bangladeshi organization dedicated to raising awareness and preventing acid attacks .
During the second week of October , an unusually large , monsoon-like lower-level circulation and a broad area of disturbed weather developed over much of the Caribbean Sea .
In 1897 , this first settlement was burned and destroyed by the indigenous Bajau freedom fighter led by Mat Salleh .
The University of Kansas ( often referred to as KU or just Kansas ) is a public research university with campuses located in Lawrence , Kansas City , Kansas , and Overland Park , Kansas , with the main campus being located atop Mount Oread in Lawrence .
In most cases , a conurbation is a polycentric urban agglomeration , in which transportation has developed to link areas to create a single urban labor market or travel to work areaconurbation - Dictionary Definition of conurbation Encyclopedia.com : FREE Online Dictionary .
Thousand Island Bridge Authority is conducting a study to determine , among other things , when the bridge will reach its operational limits and how to reduce delay on the bridge .
The 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a 6.9 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 11 March 2010 , at 11:39 local time ( 14:39 UTC ) .
With 239 km the canton is one of the smallest of the cantons in terms of area .
A sash ( , shash ) is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together , and is usually tied about the waist .
Wu Zun was born and raised in Brunei for most of his life , later graduating with distinction at RMIT , in Melbourne , Australia .
It was played at a ballpark for the first known time in 1934 , at a high-school game in Los Angeles , and researchers think it made its debut at a major-league park later that year .
Its sources are in the Cordillera Central and flows to the north into the Yaque del Norte River .
Close to Montmartre in the Paris red-light district of Pigalle on Boulevard de Clichy in the 18th arrondissement , it is marked by the red windmill on its roof .
Charlotte returned alone to Brussels in January 1843 to take up a teaching post at the boarding school .
The Five Civilized Tribes were the five Native American nations : the Cherokee , Chickasaw , Choctaw , Creek , and Seminole , which were considered civilized by Anglo-European settlers during the colonial and early federal period because they adopted many of the colonists ' customs and had generally good relations with their neighbors .
John Clunies-Ross now lives in Perth , Western Australia . However , some members of the Clunies-Ross family still live on the Cocos .
The bar ( symbol bar ) , decibar ( symbol dbar ) , centibar ( symbol cbar ) , and millibar ( symbol mbar or mb ) are units of pressure .
This is a list of the municipalities in the state of Acre ( AC ) , Brazil .
The Oktoberfest is an important part of Bavarian culture . Other cities across the world also hold Oktoberfest celebrations , modeled after the Munich event .
However , she maintained that Harry was not directly based on any real-life character : '' he came just out of a part of me '' .
Hunt returned the next year to win the second Japanese Grand Prix , but a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson during the race saw Villeneuve 's Ferrari somersault into a restricted area , killing two spectators .
ASEAN Regional Forum Retrieved on 13 March 2007 .
The longest river running through England is the Severn , which is long and empties into the Bristol Channel ; it is also notable for the Severn Bore tidal waves which can reach in height .
Alcides Edgardo Ghiggia ( born 22 December 1926 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a former Italian Uruguayan football player .
Historical usage A particular use of the term in the English-speaking world is to refer to the huge numbers of criminals who clogged British gaols in the 18th and early 19th century .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
Many Beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Maria , is a 1st class urban municipalityNSCB - ActiveStats - PSGC Interactive - Municipality : SANTA MARIA in the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
The population of the city was 49,345 .
It weighs 3.0 pounds ( 1.37 kg ) and models prior to 2010 used an external power supply .
The downtown shopping and business district of Morristown is centered around a square park , known as the Morristown Green .
Roxburgh , Scotland - abandoned in the 15th century Rungholt -- Wadden Sea in Germany , sunken during the '' grote Mandraenke '' , a storm surge in the North Sea on January 16 , 1362 Saeftinghe , Netherlands - prosperous city lost to the sea in 1584 .
In 1877 , Thomas Edison developed the phonautograph into a machine , the phonograph , that was capable of replaying the recordings made .
Languages There are currently ten language Wikiversities -- English , French , Finnish , German , Italian , Spanish , Greek , Czech , Portuguese and Japanese ; Wikiversity projects in other languages are being developed at the '' beta '' multilingual hub .
Today , Hugo 's work continues to stimulate musicians to create new compositions .
If the cyclic process moves clockwise around the loop , then W will be positive , and it represents a heat engine .
Harvey Fuqua , of the R&B / doo-wop group The Moonglows , recruited them , after the break up of the original members to be The New Moonglows .
The DSL modem and the normal telephone equipment can be used simultaneously on the line without interference from each other provided filters are used for all voice devices .
Conspiracy of One debuted at number nine on the Billboard 200 with around 125,000 copies sold in its first week , and spawned the singles '' Original Prankster '' , '' Want You Bad '' , and '' Million Miles Away '' . The band supported the album with a worldwide tour .
The Second-in-Command ( 2i/c or 2IC ) is the deputy commander of any British Army or Royal Marines unit , from battalion or regiment downwards .
This distortion is referred to as foreshortening .
Finnish paganism was the indigenous pagan religion in Finland , Estonia and Karelia prior to Christianization .
Michaels was declared the victor by submission and crowned as the new WWF Champion .
Alfredo di Stéfano Laulhé ( born 4 July 1926 in Barracas , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine - Spanish former footballer and coach .
Setting and , we get the Dirac equation as written above .
Pajhwok Afghan News ( PAN ) , No word from Islamabad on Omar 's arrest , Jul 6 , 2010 .
Gravitational induction in physics
Weather fronts .
In Pakpattan , the postgraduate degree college for males is known as Faridia Degree College , at College Road and a female degree college known as Govt .
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
He was a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1963 to 1993 .
Logitech International S.A. , headquartered in Romanel-sur-Morges , Switzerland , is the holding company for Logitech Group , a Swiss peripheral-device maker . Logitech makes peripheral devices for PCs , including keyboards , mice , microphones , game controllers and webcams .
In some cases , those with cirrhosis will go on to develop liver failure or other complications of cirrhosis , including liver cancer or life threatening esophageal varices and gastric varices .
Sailly-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Asclepias incarnata , with common names such as : Swamp Milkweed , Rose Milkweed , Swamp Silkweed , and White Indian Hemp , is a herbaceous , perennial plant species native to North America .
After touring in support of its first full-length studio album , Ultramega OK ( 1988 ) , Soundgarden signed with A&M and began work on its first album for a major label .
Bayernliga is the title of several sports leagues in the German state of Bavaria .
Its name was chosen by George Bishop , the owner of the observatory , who named it after Amphitrite , a sea goddess in Greek mythology .
The Random House Dictionary notes that : '' The term Canuck is first recorded about 1835 as an Americanism , originally referring specifically to a French Canadian .
An heir or heiress presumptive , by contrast , is an heir currently in line to inherit a title , but who could be displaced at any time by certain events .
Sint-Gillis-Waas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) is a German opera company .
Monts-en-Bessin is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Bommes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The first race took place on November 1 2009 , held at the Hermann Tilke designed Yas Marina Circuit .
The satellite appears neutral ( grey ) in the visible light ( colour indices B-V = 0.77 , R-V = 0.35 ) , Tommy Grav , Matthew J. Holman , and Wesley C. Fraser Photometry of Irregular Satellites of Uranus and Neptune , The Astrophysical Journal , 613 , ( 2004 ) , pp .
Leonardo would have been exposed to a vast range of technical skills and had the opportunity to learn drafting , chemistry , metallurgy , metal working , plaster casting , leather working , mechanics and carpentry as well as the artistic skills of drawing , painting , sculpting and modelling .
The Six Day War between Arab countries and Israel , the Prague Spring and subsequent Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia , and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 leading to the birth of Bangladesh all took place during his tenure as secretary-general .
When one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time , a controller manipulates the inputs to a system to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system .
The series often refers to Bounty Hunters as cowboys .
To distinguish players of different nations , a flag is placed beside players born outside of Canada based on their place of birth ; the Canadian flag will not be shown next to Canadian-born players in order to avoid visual clutter .
He moved with his family from Harlington to Stondon Massey , a small village near Chipping Ongar in Essex .
Reference to the motorway appeared in the 1975 song '' Moonlighting '' by Leo Sayer via the lyric '' Meanwhile the Carlisle turnoff of the M6 motorway , drinking cold black coffee , eating hot cup cakes '' .
Henry quickly gained enough power and support to have himself declared King Henry IV , to imprison King Richard , who died in prison under mysterious circumstances , and to bypass Richard 's seven-year-old heir-presumptive , Edmund de Mortimer .
In classic Mayan art , conchs are shown being utilized in many ways including as paint and ink holders for elite scribes , as bugles or trumpets , and as hand weapons ( held by combatants by inserting their hands in the aperture ) .
External links Lesson plans for The Tempest at Web English Teacher William Strachey 's '' True Reportory '' original-spelling version at Virtual Jamestown .
For the book by H. J. R. Murray , see A History of Chess .
It closed the same year on 12 December 1859 .
Pawa is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
Society & Culture Main Article Ethnic Groups of Azad Kashmir The majority of the population speak Pahari/Pothowari/Mirpuri , the second most spoken language of Kashmir after Kashmiri .
Origin of name The two Chinese characters in the name '' Xi'an '' literally mean Western Peace .
On the guitar , it is a muted form of plucking , which bears an audible resemblance to pizzicato on a bowed string instrument with its relatively shorter sustain .
Neighboring districts are ( from the west clockwise ) the districts Hildburghausen , Saalfeld-Rudolstadt , and the Bavarian districts Kronach and Coburg .
Yemen , officially the Republic of Yemen , is a country located in the Middle East .
It is one of the last songs that The Beatles mixed as a group , on 20 August 1969 .
In order for to be prime , it is necessary but not sufficient that should be prime .
Baytown , Texas reported 10-12 ft tides , and Morgan City reported , the highest recorded as a result of Alicia .
Every Second Counts is the fourth studio album released by the Plain White T 's .
See also Jotunheimen , the name of a large mountain range in Norway .
Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen ( born September 23 , 1949 ) , nicknamed '' The Boss '' , is an American singer-songwriter .
The Boys , an English band , later became The Action
Friday , April 13 -- The asteroid 99942 Apophis ( previously better known by its provisional designation 2004 MN4 ) will pass within 30,000 km ( 18,600 mi ) of the Earth , very briefly appearing as bright as 3rd magnitude .
However , Notts County did achieve their highest ever league finish of 3rd in 1890-91 , an achievement they repeated ten seasons later .
Kodai Watanabe is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
In interviews , the band has stressed that they are not a bluegrass band , but a band that '' incorporates bluegrass into [ its ] music '' .
The concept of Papuan peoples as distinct from Melanesians was first suggested and named by Sidney Herbert Ray in 1892 .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
Dennis Davis -- Drums on '' Fame ''
Oudenburg Latin : Aldenburgensis is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Under the federal system of Germany , individual states are most responsible for the administration of justice and the application of penalties .
Stephanie Kay Panabaker ( born May 2 , 1990 ) , better known as Kay Panabaker , is an American film and television actress .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
The European Magpie or Common Magpie ( Pica pica ) is a resident breeding bird throughout Europe , much of Asia , and northwest Africa .
It is one of the largest cities in the Sahara .
Most orders required a general silence in the cloister , which was the place where the monks engaged in study , and the inner parlor was a convenient place for the monks to engage in conversation freely .
New Guinea , the world 's second largest island , covering a land area of 786,000 km2 , is located in the Southwest Pacific .
Pizay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Blood group O ( or blood group zero in some countries ) individuals do not have either A or B antigens on the surface of their RBCs , but their blood serum contains IgM anti-A antibodies and anti-B antibodies against the A and B blood group antigens .
In 1892 , she was given the medal Illis Quorum by king Oscar II of Sweden .
Curling has been a very popular winter sport for more than 30 years .
The original string theories from the 1980s describe special cases of M-theory where the eleventh dimension is a very small circle or a line , and if these formulations are considered as fundamental , then string theory requires ten dimensions .
Dili was settled about 1520 by the Portuguese , who made it the capital of Portuguese Timor in 1769 . During World War II , Dili was occupied by the Japanese ( see Battle of Timor ) .
In colonial times , Lake Champlain provided an easily traversed water ( or , in winter , ice ) passage between the Saint Lawrence and the Hudson Valleys .
As such , persons with known sensitivities or allergies to food products are advised to avoid foods including generic xanthan gum or first determine the source for the xanthan gum before consuming the food .
Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok 's Gili Islands and is the only one to rise significantly above sea level .
The Revolution Series opened in 2003 to build on well-attended events such as the world championships and World Cup meetings and provide more regular events .
a name , either the name assigned by the discoverer , or , more commonly , the provisional designation .
Area I include the airfield and most of the mission support functions .
Additionally , over 300 protocarnivorous plant species in several genera show some but not all these characteristics .
Chicago is the largest city in the region , followed by Detroit , Indianapolis , Columbus , and Milwaukee .
One month later , on May 13 , 1961 , six days after his 60th birthday , Cooper died .
It did not chart and was only played on local radio stations .
They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) , and play their home games at Ford Field in downtown Detroit .
Macleans College is a co-educational secondary school in New Zealand situated in the Auckland suburb of Bucklands Beach .
The other daily news and current affairs strands are the Morning Extra phone-in ( 0905 -- 1000 ) , Scotland Live ( 1200 -- 1245 ) , Newsdrive ( 1600 -- 1800 ) and the political news programme Scotland at Ten ( 2205 -- 2230 ) .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
The university grew out of an association of scholars in the city of Cambridge that was formed , early records suggest , in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk there .
Animals may bite in self-defense , in an attempt to predate food , as well as part of normal interactions .
Share may refer to :
World War I See also World War I. John Murray was already enlisted in the Australian Army upon the outbreak of World War I on 28 July 1914 , but was soon commissioned as a Second Lieutenant on 6 March 1915 .
Appearing as small white discs , the photophores are larger and more complex at the tips of the arms and at the base of the two fins , but are absent from the underside of the caped arms .
Some series , like A1 Grand Prix and the GP2 series , award bonus points to the driver\/team with the fastest lap .
James Douglas '' Jim '' Morrison ( December 8 , 1943 -- July 3 , 1971 ) was an American singer , lyricist , poet , and amateur filmmaker .
Another justice observed that he felt the court would be '' nine black beetles in the Temple of Karnak , '' while still another complained that such pomp and ceremony suggested the justices ought to enter the courtroom riding on elephants .
Written by Buffy creator Joss Whedon , the series follows a Slayer named Melaka Fray , a chosen one in a time where vampires ( called '' lurks '' ) are commonplace in the slums of New York City , and the rich-poor divide is even greater .
Secqueville-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Graphics Improved Graphics : Improved stadium models , new weather effects such as snow , rain & '' movie weather '' , new lighting models , new realistic player models , improved team fans , field goal nets , and clear visors .
Navigation is the process of reading , and controlling the movement of a craft or vehicle from one place to another .
Sometimes ell is used as an alias for the cubit .
'' Blue Note '' , The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz , Second Edition , London (/O2002/O) At its most basic , a single version of this '' blues scale '' is commonly used over all changes ( or chords ) in a twelve bar blues progression .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 ; throughout the late 1940s , the company produced amplifiers for Sears , Roebuck and Company and Montgomery Ward . In 1954 , Danelectro started producing the Danelectro lines of solidbody electric guitars and amplifiers .
The Iroquois , also known as the Haudenosaunee or the '' People of the Longhouse '' , are an association of several tribes of indigenous people of North America .
Same-sex marriage ( also called gay marriage ) is a legally or socially recognized marriage between two persons of the same biological sex or social gender .
When suitable prey arrives near a dragon 's ambush site , it will suddenly charge at the animal and go for the underside or the throat .
The ability to obtain any information at all about the underlying plaintext is still considered a success .
The advantages of the Persian lime in commercial agriculture compared to the Key lime are the larger size , absence of seeds , hardiness , absence of thorns on the bushes , and longer fruit shelf life .
There are three or four significant ice ages during the late Neoproterozoic .
In music , modulation is most commonly the act or process of changing from one key ( tonic , or tonal center ) to another .
St. Tammany Parish is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana , in the New Orleans- Metairie- Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Chocolat is an extrovert .
Delgadillo 's Snow Cap Drive-In is a historic eatery and roadside attraction located along former Route 66 in Seligman , Arizona USA .
The largest of the Classic Maya cities , Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored in underground storage facilities ( termed chultuns ) .
The Greenish Puffleg ( Haplophaedia aureliae ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Hugh le Despenser , 1st Earl of Winchester ( d. 1326 )
It appeared that his front left tyre received a puncture and blew out but it was later confirmed by McLaren that the wheel rim had failed and destroyed the tyre , sending Hamilton into the barrier .
The only physical cast members are Tamzin Griffin , who plays the manic '' Funny Lady '' , and Jessica Smith whose face as a seven month old baby depicts the Sun .
On account of their Mekydro-design hydraulic transmission units , the locomotives became known as the Hymeks .
The Wu-Tang Clan ( ) is a hip-hop group that consists of : RZA , GZA , Method Man , Raekwon , Ghostface Killah , Inspectah Deck , U-God , Masta Killa , and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard .
The cost of a data loss event is directly related to the value of the data and the length of time that it is needed , but unavailable .
Merville-Franceville-Plage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
On 29 September 1839 Carcoar became just the third settlement west of the Blue Mountains to be gazetted .
He himself is also of Slovak descent , having both parents born in what is today Slovakia ( Orava region ) .
Q ( ; named cue ) is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet .
These were the last units to be built at the York factory before it closed .
'' Sustainable development is development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs '' .
Ekimyan awarded by the '' Renowned Master of the Arts '' Armenian SSR official title .
It can trace its history back to 1040 A.D. ( although the Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove that it paid a beer tax in 1004 A.D. ) .
Myfanwy Piper wrote the English libretto .
is a county in Norway , bordering Buskerud and Telemark .
In many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy .
The Springfield , Ma .
The 1964 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1964 , and lasted until November 15 , 1964 .
Both strontium and strontianite are named after Strontian , a village in Scotland near which the mineral was first discovered .
Hardy went on to formulate the Hardy-Weinberg principle , independently of the German Wilhelm Weinberg .
IPC crime rate in 2006 was 167.7 compared to 165.3 in 2005 showing an increase of 1.5 % in 2006 over 2005 .
December 15 -- The Battle of Tricamarum begins , and Belisarius defeats a new Vandal force under Gelimer and Tzazo .
Benjamin '' Ben '' Parker , usually called Uncle Ben , was a supporting character in the Marvel Universe 's Spider-Man stories .
Crucified Barbara is a Swedish all-female metal band , formed in Stockholm in 1998 .
Grotto Masters are not spokespersons for the Church of Satan , nor are Grottoes local representations of the Church of Satan .
Valdemar II , King of Denmark , is recognized as king in Norway .
A large , organised , group of vehicles will travel a busy route at very slow speed in order to deliberately cause traffic disruption .
Bella sits next to Edward Cullen in biology class on her first day of school ; he appears to be disgusted by her , much to Bella 's confusion .
His story '' Lemon '' being a staple of textbooks , many a high schooler emulated its protagonist 's act of leaving a lemon in a department store '' I read an article about Maruzen closing its business in yesterday 's Asahi Journal Evening Edition .
Out of the twenty largest cities of Russia , eleven , including its capital Moscow , are situated in the Volga 's drainage basin .
David Blunkett ( L )
When Emperor Ankan died , he had no offspring ; and succession passed to his youngest brother who will come to be known as Emperor Senka . Emperor Senka was elderly at the time of his enthronement ; and his reign is said to have endured for only three years .
Notable residents George W. Bush The Waco suburb is best known for President George W. Bush 's Prairie Chapel Ranch , located just outside the town .
Geography Le Souich is situated southwest of Arras , at the junction of the D59 and the D257 roads , on the border with the department of the Somme .
The rail lines have been constructed by the Land Transport Authority , a department of the government of Singapore , which allocates operating concessions to the profit-based corporations SMRT Corporation and SBS Transit .
The Ford Mustang is a car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company .
Grandcamp-Maisy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Likewise , simple chants are often syllabic throughout with only a few instances where two or more notes are sung on one syllable .
Mods can have a variety of different effects , such as adding new items and objectives , altering or creating new environments , or even adding a completely new character for play in the case of the popular '' Werivar '' mod .
They can be long ribbons , firmer strips or twisted curls .
The first single from The Love Album was a cover version of Bette Midler 's classic , '' The Rose '' , which became their 14th UK # 1 single .
Coppo di Marcovaldo ( c. 1225 -- c. 1276 ) was an Italian painter active in Tuscany .
After impaling the victim 's body with its tusks , the elephant '' then tear it in pieces , and throw it limb from limb '' .
Flagler County was created in 1917 .
Gallenkirch is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
According to Jacques Vallée in his 1979 book Messengers of Deception , Vallee , Jacques , Messengers of Deception : UFO Contacts and Cults .
During the Tournament 's final challenge , Harry and Cedric are transported to a graveyard , using a portkey , where Cedric is killed by Peter Pettigrew , and Voldemort , aided by Pettigrew , uses Harry 's blood in a gruesome ritual to resurrect his body .
The remnant low retained its identity for a further day before it dissipated 660 miles ( 1060 km ) southeast of Bermuda .
At the start of Season 14 , a new version of both the main theme and '' Think ! ''
Union Theological College , in Northern Ireland
In case the editor does not identify themself or their affiliation , reference to the neutral point of view policy may help counteract biased editing .
Jet lag , which affects people who travel across several time zones .
The method is named after Julius Caesar , who used it to communicate with his generals .
At the age of 19 , he eventually settled in the Sherpa community in Too Song Bhusti in Darjeeling , West Bengal , India .
He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766 , the widow of Baron von Holwede , and they had two sons .
They were generally narrow for their length , could carry limited bulk freight , small by later 19th century standards , and had a large total sail area .
Established in 1901 by Presbyterian missionaries , it was the first American private school to be founded in the country .
It is best known for being home to Cornell University , an Ivy League school with almost 20,000 students ( most of them studying on Cornell 's Ithaca campus ) .
CH-4932 Gutenberg
Oreo is a trademark for a popular sandwich cookie by the Nabisco Division of Kraft Foods .
It incorporates the first length of motorway opened in the UK and forms part of a motorway '' Backbone of Britain '' , running north-south between London and Glasgow via the industrial North of England .
Oomycetes occupy both saprophytic and pathogenic lifestyles - and include some of the most notorious pathogens of plants , causing devastating diseases such as late blight of potato and sudden oak death .
For nearly 60 years the building was used for the production of cloth despite competition of the neighbouring cloth mill Krone .
Barium sulfide is the chemical compound with the formula BaS .
Berry received an Emmy , Golden Globe , SAG , and an NAACP Image Award for Introducing Dorothy Dandridge and won an Academy Award for Best Actress and was also nominated for a BAFTA Award in 2001 for her performance in Monster 's Ball , becoming the first and , as of 2011 , only woman of African American descent to have won the award for Best Actress .
Feather Linux has tried to include software that people would frequently be using on their desktop .
He founded Thomas Heatherwick Studio ( now called just Heatherwick Studio ) in 1994 with his aim being '' to bring architecture , design and sculpture together within a single practice '' .
The university was founded in 1895 and was primarily a military academy during the early 1900s .
With a mid-level anticyclone over Texas , Bret tracked steadily to the west-northwest , and began to re-organize just before moving ashore ; at 12:00 UTC on June 29 , the storm made landfall just southeast of Tuxpan with winds of 65 km\/h ( 40 mph ) .
Other songs though , such as '' Holier Than Thou '' , '' The God That Failed '' and '' Through The Never , '' by 1995 , were no longer a part of any performances and would not be played again until more recent years when the band , with Robert Trujillo on bass , began performing a more extensive back catalog of songs .
The lineup during the band 's late 80s\/early 90s heyday included singer-guitarist Bilinda Butcher and bassist Debbie Googe after the band settled in London .
Well-known members of Sapindales include citrus ; maples , horse-chestnuts , lychees and rambutans ; mangos and cashews ; frankincense and myrrh ; mahogany and neem .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 31,516 and an area of 120.3 km .
The spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce are the products of centuries of hybridisation , selection , and perhaps more drastic manipulation .
Only one track , '' One After 909 '' , was taken from the rooftop concert , with '' I 've Got a Feeling '' and '' Dig a Pony '' being studio recordings instead .
Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu ( May 18 , 1912 & ndash ; May 5 , 2003 ) was a South African anti-apartheid activist and member of the African National Congress ( ANC ) .
Caldwell County is a member of the regional Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
This category contains articles about taxa about the family level in the order Caudata - the salamanders .
Cattle raising is also important with 16,375 head counted in the 2000 census .
Another version of Most Wanted , titled Need for Speed : Most Wanted : 5-1-0 has been released for the PlayStation Portable .
The first game at the new Yankee Stadium was a pre-season exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs played on April 3 , 2009 , which the Yankees won 7 -- 4 .
July 4 & ndash ; Mehmed VI ( 1918 -- 1922 ) succeeds Mehmed V ( Resad ) ( 1909 -- 1918 ) as Ottoman Emperor .
From this matrimony they had two children : Saidoff A.N ( 1961 ) Saidoff S.C.N ( 1963 ) Since this time all the descendants of a noble family Ter Hachatrjan , are named as Saidoff -- Ter Hachatrjan .
In quantum mechanics , the double-slit experiment ( often referred to as Young 's experiment ) demonstrates the inseparability of the wave and particle natures of light and other quantum particles .
He was advised against crossing Albania on foot so he boarded an Austrian boat that took him to Patras from where he continued to Athens on foot following the railway lines as there were no roads .
Born in the French colony of Saint Domingue ( now Haiti ) and raised in France as a youth , in his embrace of America and his outsize personality and achievements , he represented the new American people of the United States .
Of the many objects that orbit the Sun , most of the mass is contained within eight relatively solitary planets whose orbits are almost circular and lie within a nearly flat disc called the ecliptic plane .
Mammals are perhaps most well-known for burrowing , especially Insectivora like the voracious mole , and rodents like the prolific gopher and groundhog .
The flag is manufactured with differing obverse and reverse sides , to ensure the shahada reads correctly , from right to left , from either side .
In order to make the project more effective , Yunus and his associates proposed the Gram Sarkar ( the village government ) program .
The geyser , as well as the nearby Old Faithful Inn , is part of the Old Faithful Historic District .
The Last Olympian , the final book in the series , was released May 5 , 2009 .
Therefore , human understanding of God is achieved through his revelations via his Manifestations .
In physics , classical mechanics is one of the two major sub-fields of mechanics , which is concerned with the set of physical laws describing the motion of bodies under the action of a system of forces .
Bomis hosted Nupedia in 2000 , and Larry Sanger was hired to manage and edit that project .
He collaborated on Phillip 's book and provided the first descriptions of and names for many Australian bird species ; its name is Latin for '' fast-footed New Hollander '' .
According to some authors , he was descended from Jews forcibly converted to Catholicism after 1492 , and one of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism .
A sliotar or sliothar ( ; may derive from Irish sliabh , meaning '' mountain '' and thar meaning '' across '' ) is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball , consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together .
The 2002 Atlantic hurricane season was an average Atlantic hurricane season , officially starting on June 1 , 2002 and ending on November 30 , dates which conventionally limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean tend to form .
Urcel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Additionally , deflation may cause the economy to enter a liquidity trap . However , historically not all episodes of deflation correspond with periods of poor economic growth .
The CIS was headed by the fallen Jedi Count Dooku .
Eragon and Saphira manage to escape by hiding in the forest , but Garrow is fatally wounded and the house and farm are burned down by the Ra ` zac . Once Garrow dies , Eragon is left with no reason to stay in Carvahall , so he goes after the Ra ` zac , seeking vengeance for the destruction of his home and his uncle 's death .
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is the Australian Federal Government agency responsible for managing the security and integrity of the Australian border , facilitating the movement of legitimate international travellers and goods , and collecting border related duties and taxes .
The oldest known fossil synapsid is Protoclepsydrops from about 320 million years ago , while the oldest known sauropsid is probably Paleothyris , in the order Captorhinida , from the Middle Pennsylvanian epoch ( ca . 306-312 million years ago ) .
It is situated near the river Lippe , approx .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the borough has a total area of 0.5 square miles ( 1.3 km2 ) , all of it land .
` pastie ' or ` pasty ' ) are adhesive coverings applied to cover a person 's nipples and\/or vulva .
David Hume ( 7 May 1711 -- 25 August 1776 ) was a Scottish philosopher , economist , historian and a key figure in the history of Western philosophy and the Scottish Enlightenment .
By the late 1980s , international organizations began to admit that structural adjustment policies were worsening life for the world 's poor .
right ) } , , !
In September 2000 , Major League Baseball concluded a six year , $ 2.5 billion contract with Fox to show Saturday baseball , the All-Star Game , selected Division Series games and exclusive coverage of the League Championship Series and World Series .
José Carlos Nepomuceno Mozer , usually known as Carlos Mozer or simply Mozer ( born on 19 September , 1960 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a former football central defender and current coach in Morocco of Afro-Brazilian descent .
Lobby Shop
He is best known for his work in The Sheik and The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
In practice , most players resign an inevitably lost game before being checkmated .
Boredom is an emotional state experienced during periods lacking activity or when individuals are uninterested in their surroundings .
In qualifying , Senna and Chandhok set the 23rd and 24th-quickest times to share the back row of the starting grid : Chandhok was finally able to complete his car 's first laps in anger and set a time 1.7 seconds slower than his team-mate , who was in turn just over eight seconds behind polesitter Sebastian Vettel .
Jien records that Kaika was the second son of Emperor K gen , and that he ruled from the palace of Isakawa-no-miya at Kasuga in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
The steamboat Harold spotted the ship and rescued all of its crew except Captain E. E. Walls , who opted to stay behind with the order '' Report me to my owners '' .
Assume good faith on the part of newcomers .
The Baltic Sea is a brackish sea adjoining the North Sea .
Henry John Heinz III ( October 23 , 1938 -- April 4 , 1991 ) was an American politician from Pennsylvania , a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives ( 1971 -- 1977 ) and the United States Senate ( 1977 -- 1991 ) .
For comparison , 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU ( when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a light pollution-free sky ) .
It became the County Borough of Preston under the Local Government Act 1888 .
C-USA 's offices are located in the Las Colinas business district of the Dallas suburb of Irving , Texas .
John Cromwell Mather ( b. August 7 , 1946 , Roanoke , Virginia ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist and Nobel Prize in Physics laureate for his work on COBE with George Smoot .
In 1990 , University of Detroit and Mercy College of Detroit consolidated to become '' University of Detroit Mercy '' .
Short-beaked Echidnas are typically 30 t in length , have a 75 m snout , and weigh between 2 a/O. However , the Tasmanian subspecies , T. a. setosus , is smaller than its Australian mainland counterparts .
According to Galen , these elements were used by Hippocrates in describing the human body with an association with the four humours : yellow bile ( fire ) , black bile ( earth ) , blood ( air ) , and phlegm ( water ) .
The Adventures of Pinocchio is a novel for children by Italian author Carlo Collodi , written in Florence . The first half was originally a serial between 1881 and 1883 , and then later completed as a book for children in February 1883 .
The establishment of the present town began around 1140 by Bishop Robert on a L-shapled vil , possibly on the site of the ruined St Andrews Castle.Lamont-Brown Fife in History and Legend p. 71 .
Fritjof Capra ( born February 1 , 1939 ) is an Austrian-born American physicist , systems theorist , and author of the international bestsellers , such as The Tao of Physics ( 1975 ) and The Turning Point ( 1982 ) .
He is best known as the author of The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Book of Laughter and Forgetting , and The Joke .
( That is , in these languages , a CVC syllable like cat would be possible , but a VC syllable such as at would not . ) A coda-less syllable of the form V , CV , CCV , etc. is called an open syllable ( or free syllable ) , while a syllable that has a coda ( VC , CVC , CVCC , etc. ) is called a closed syllable ( or checked syllable ) .
At that time , the company also developed its famous GG logo ( Guccio Gucci 's initials ) , the Flora silk scarf ( worn prominently by Hollywood actress Grace Kelly ) , and the Jackie O shoulder bag , made famous by Jackie Kennedy , the wife of U.S. President John F. Kennedy .
'' Good morning , Frank , '' greeted HAL .
On the other hand , catching a cold is not considered an action because it is something which happens to a person , not something done by one .
Of the four classifications of thunderstorms ( supercell , squall line , multi-cell , and single-cell ) , supercells are the overall least common and have the potential to be the most severe .
He is most famous as the creator of the Artemis Fowl series , but he has also achieved success with other books .
Matsunaga Hisahide , Japanese warlord ( d. 1577 )
This event marked the beginning of the successful , 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the Staatskapelle Berlin , the state orchestra , whose roots trace back to the 16th century .
The company 's first major success came when the Weinsteins teamed up with British producer Martin Lewis and acquired the U.S. rights to two concert films Lewis had produced of benefit shows for human rights organization Amnesty International .
In religiously diverse countries , leather vendors are typically careful to clarify the kinds of leather used in their products . For example , leather shoes will bear a label identifying the animal from which the leather was taken .
Baseball is a bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each .
During the fourth Tribute to the Troops wrestling show on December 8 , 2006 , WWE received the Secretary of Defense Exceptional Public Service Award .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Deer ( singular and plural ) are the ruminant mammals forming the family Cervidae .
Brig ( , ) is the capital of the municipality of Brig-Glis in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
'' Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
Strapping Young Lad was a Canadian extreme metal band formed by Devin Townsend in Vancouver , British Columbia , in 1994 .
Bill Tukyuk , the mayor of Upyer Mukluk and the owner of the Mad Cossack restaurant .
The birds can recognize particular individuals by their calls , and are currently the subject of research into the evolution of human language .
Kurt Browning , CM ( born June 18 , 1966 ) is a Canadian figure skater and choreographer .
While some use of the color of the day system include ; recognition so a uniformed officer will not '' hassle '' a transient person who is actually a police officer acting as a victim decoy .
Fiordiligi finally succumbs and falls into his arms ( duet : Fra gli amplessi -- '' In the embraces '' ) .
Arsonval is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Emily briefly restrengthened on August 27 , although approaching Hurricane Cindy caused the system to weaken further . On August 28 , the storm deteriorated to tropical depression status , and shortly thereafter Emily was absorbed by Hurricane Cindy .
It is famous for its canals and dikes .
Natalie Jane Imbruglia ( ; born 4 February 1975 ) is an Australian singer-songwriter , model and actress .
Andre Kirk Agassi ( ; born April 29 , 1970 ) is a retired American professional tennis player and former World No. 1 .
During the 1930s and '40s , the Horst-Wessel-Lied was adapted by fascist groups in other European countries .
She is the most famous example of a Cunning woman in her country .
When he was 8 years old he ran away from home to join the army .
The city of Hanover is the largest and capital city of Lower Saxony .
All coins portray the head of state , Queen Elizabeth II , on the obverse , and are produced by the Royal Australian Mint .
Albinism results from inheritance of recessive gene alleles and is known to affect all vertebrates , including humans .
Charles Carroll of Carrollton ( September 19 , 1737 - November 14 , 1832 ) was a wealthy Maryland planter and an early advocate of independence from Great Britain . He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress and later as United States Senator for Maryland .
It was first described under the name of the New Holland Cassowary in Arthur Phillip 's Voyage to Botany Bay , published in 1789 .
The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England .
The Muslim Turkic Mughal Empire ruled most of India from the early 16th century , but suffered a major decline in the 18th century .
For example , a visual / ga / combined with an audio / ba / is often heard as / da / .
Xanten is known for the Archaeological Park ( one of the largest in the world ) , its medieval picturesque city centre with Xanten Cathedral and many museums , its large man-made lake for various watersport activities as well as high standard of living .
Aarburg is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A forest is an area with a high density of trees .
Cuirieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Droit des peuples et environnement ( en co-direction avec Charalambos Apostolidis et Gérard Fritz ) , Paris , L'Harmattan , 1997 .
Chemical wallpaper stripper can be purchased at most paint or home improvement stores .
Siblings ( also called sibs ) are people who share at least one parent .
European miners drove Chinese off the diggings at Rocky River in New England ( Australia ) in 1856 .
It is sometimes also used in discussion of other musical genres , such as instrumental pieces , cinema , and video game music , sometimes interchangeably with the more general category of ` theme ' .
Expand by a certain factor to get , and place next to , so that two sides touch .
Wikipedia : Advanced Convert coding describes some techniques to improve or expand the use of the Wikipedia unit-converter , Template : Convert .
The osmena pearl , contrarily to its name , is not a pearl , but a jewelry product derived from this part of the shell .
Kin altruism is the term for altruistic behavior whose evolution is supposed to have been driven by kin selection .
He then won the award again in 2010 for his album Relapse , giving him a total of 11 Grammys in his career .
Systemic arteries are the arteries of the systemic circulation , which is the part of the cardiovascular system which carries oxygenated blood away from the heart , to the body , and returns deoxygenated blood back to the heart .
Romanians - 90.6 % ( or 382,061 ) National Institute of Statistics , '' Popula ia dup etnie ''
After a spell teaching Korean Language in high school , he established himself as a renowned novelist with his first novel Chonri in 1983 .
Marsan is a commune in the Gers department in south-western France .
Sia La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge , some north-northwest of map point NJ 980420 , sitting immediately northwest of the vast Siachen Glacier , near China border .
Hodgkin lymphoma typically is treated with radiotherapy alone , as long as it is localized . Advanced Hodgkins disease requires systemic chemotherapy , sometimes combined with radiotherapy .
Clarence E. '' Bud '' Anderson ( born 13 January 1922 ) is a retired officer in the United States Air Force and a '' triple ace '' in World War II .
They recorded a few demos , including Victims of Mutilation .
Tofu is low in calories , contains a relatively large amount of iron and contains little fat .
In many mammals they grind food ; hence the Latin name mola , '' millstone '' .
They are marine animals with a leathery skin and an elongated body containing a single , branched gonad .
