The name amaranth comes from the Greek a ( not ) + marainean ( to waste away ) , i.e. , a flower believed to grow on Mount Olympus which never died .
Though Bowell denounced them as '' a nest of traitors , '' he had to agree to resign .
Norton Internet Security held a 61 % market share in the US retail security suite category in the first half of 2007 .
The housemates have a weekly allowance with which they can buy food and other essentials .
Ian Fleming 's spy , James Bond , a commander in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve ( R.N.V.R. ) was fictionally decorated with the CMG in 1953 ( mentioned in the novel From Russia , with Love ) .
Dyersville is a city in eastern Delaware and western Dubuque Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
ILP allows the compiler and the processor to overlap the execution of multiple instructions or even to change the order in which instructions are executed .
The University of Hazara provides higher education to people of the region .
Examples of initiation ceremonies might include Christian baptism or confirmation , Jewish bar or bat mitzvah , acceptance into a fraternal organization , secret society or religious order , or graduation from school or recruit training .
McGibbon , Rob .
Climate Due to their location and extremely small size , the Liancourt Rocks sometimes have harsh weather .
Early in his life he was a vagabond and petty criminal , but later took to writing .
It consisted of the small United States Army ( the regular army ) , augmented by massive numbers of units supplied by the Northern states , composed of volunteers as well as conscripts .
Alabama ranges in elevation from sea level at Mobile Bay to over 1,800 feet ( 550 m ) in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast .
It is the provincial capital of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are situated .
Three national flags are hoisted while the corresponding national anthems are played : the flag of Greece , to honor the birthplace of the Olympic Games ; the flag of the current host country , and the flag of the country hosting the next Summer or Winter Olympic Games .
The boundary of this area is called the event horizon .
Association football is the most popular football variant worldwide , and is widely considered to be the most popular sport in the world .
Originally , the stadium was named after bodybuilder , actor and governor of the U.S. state of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger , who was born near Graz .
Wiley 's Well is a remote , natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it .
The children , Claudia and Jamie , are transfixed with the treasure and wo n't leave without knowing what its secret is .
Situated between the commercial districts of Ikebukuro and Shinjuku it is a minor commuting hub linking the Seibu Shinjuku Line and the Tokyo Metro T zai Line with the Yamanote Line .
Spanish uses an inverted question mark at the beginning of a question and the normal question mark at the end , as well as an inverted exclamation mark at the beginning of an exclamation and the normal exclamation mark at the end .
Wissignicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
I have not yet found somebody who has told me they 've seen the Wall of China from Earth orbit .
In 1958 , he won the international Koussevitsky competition for conductors , which resulted in a number of operatic conducting engagements in Italy .
The city lies 14 km from the Tyrrhenian Sea , in the Maremma , at the center of an alluvial plain , on the Ombrone river .
Whiting is located on the southern shore of Lake Michigan and is nicknamed the '' Little City on the Lake '' .
He was also voted the Premiership 's ` Midfielder of the Year ' by the readers of Sky Sports , beating PFA Players ' Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo .
For most of the Late Ordovician , life continued to flourish , but at and near the end of the period there were mass-extinction events that seriously affected planktonic forms like conodonts , graptolites , and some groups of trilobites ( Agnostida and Ptychopariida , which completely died out , and the Asaphida , which were much reduced ) .
Unlike the new national coulors , the Fallersleben anthem was popular with all ( democratic ) parties as well with the far right wing groups .
The city is found in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area in the U.S. State of California .
He received a 15-year sentence at Parchman Farm prison .
These turbinates disrupt the airflow , directing air toward the olfactory epithelium on the surface of the turbinates and the septum .
pp .
Meg Munn ( L ) \/O/ ( Co-op )
The series was also adapted into a 26-episode anime series , directed by Akitaro Daichi .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
Its common name derives from the animal 's silvery light gray and blue color , combined with the fish-like appearance of its movements , while the scientific name indicates the silverfish 's diet of carbohydrates such as sugar or starches .
In Hinduism , Kurma ( ) was the second avatar of Vishnu .
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the Constitution Act , 1867 created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
He has also gained a number of honours , including a knighthood in 1992 , followed by a peerage from the British Government for services to Music , seven Tony Awards , three Grammy Awards , an Academy Award , seven Olivier Awards , a Golden Globe , and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2006 .
Saskatoon is a city in central Saskatchewan , Canada , on the South Saskatchewan River .
'' Another Love Song '' is a 1999 song by hip hop duo , Insane Clown Posse , performed by member Violent J , and is their first single from their album The Amazing Jeckel Brothers .
Alston 's troops surrender after Fanning 's men attempt to ram the house with a cart of burning straw .
Their international trophy hall includes three World Club titles ( two as the Intercontinental Cup , and one as the FIFA Club World Championship ) , three Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , one Copa Conmebol , one Supercopa Sudamericana and one Copa Masters Conmebol .
Consistent with this tradition , dim sum restaurants typically only serve dim sum until mid-afternoon ( right around the time of a traditional Western 3 o'clock coffee break ) , and serve other kinds of Cantonese cuisine in the evening .
The county town is Ipswich ; other important towns include Lowestoft , Bury St Edmunds and Felixstowe , one of the largest container ports in Europe .
Members of the Church of Satan , such as Peter H. Gilmore , Peggy Nadramia , Boyd Rice , Adam Parfrey , Diabolos Rex , and musician King Diamond , were active in media appearances to refute allegations of criminal activity .
Michael Dugher ( L )
Year 1401 ( MCDI ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
James Cotton ( born July 1 , 1935 , Tunica , Mississippi ) , is an American blues harmonica player , singer , and songwriter who is the bandleader for the James Cotton Blues Band .
The MacBook Pro is a line of Macintosh portable computers introduced in January 2006 by Apple Inc. .
Trawlermen land haul of supportBBC News , August 8 , 2006 Notable people George Bruce ( 1909-2002 ) : Poet of the Scottish literary renaissanceGeorge Bruce Poet of the Scottish literary renaissance independent .
Scene 17 : The Departure The Hotel Manager and a porter are organising the departure of the last guests , the Polish family among them .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel , now more often known just as the Henry VII Chapel , is a large Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Perpendicular Gothic style .
The district was established in 1993 by merging the former districts of Bernau and Eberswalde .
He became Finance Minister in November 1999 and was named by the Pakistan Muslim League for the position of Prime Minister after the resignation of Zafarullah Khan Jamali on June 6 , 2004 .
Although the resort was initially dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service , the completion of Virginia Beach Boulevard in 1922 , which extended from Norfolk to the oceanfront , opened the way for automobiles , buses , trucks , and passenger rail service , the latter of which was eventually discontinued .
or in Ottoman Turkish : , usually spelled '' Topkapi '' in English )
Her parents , Lindy and Michael Chamberlain , reported that she had been taken from their tent by a dingo .
Cenon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
( His daughter was in Vienna at the time , and was arrested by the Nazis ; Walter was able to use his influence to free her .
The word soaring is also used for the sport .
The diet of other species , like the Black-browed Albatross or the Grey-headed Albatross , is rich with smaller species of squid that tend to sink after death , and scavenging is not assumed to play a large role in their diet .
The book received critical acclaim , and won the major prize at the 2006 New South Wales Premier 's Literary Awards .
The default file format for OpenOffice.org Calc ( versions 2 .
, sometimes referred to as Yoshi Kawaguchi , is a Japanese footballer .
Many of the smallest players are powered by a permanently fitted rechargeable battery , charged from the USB interface .
A person who is seeking to be recognized as a refugee is an asylum seeker .
Places in Berwickshire include Ayton , Coldingham , Coldstream , Duns , Earlston , Eyemouth , Foulden , Greenlaw , Lauder ( former seat of the county Commissariat ) , Mordington , St. Abbs , and Swinton .
The approximately 1.5 m halocline between the seawater above and brine below teems with bacterial and archaeal cells : they are chemoautotrophs , which feed on ammonia from the brine but can not function without some oxygen .
The Town of Vail is a Home Rule Municipality located in Eagle County , Colorado , United States .
Polycharmus Azenius becomes Archon of Athens .
For instance , nudity among immediate family members in the home is sometimes permitted , especially in the bedroom and bathroom ; or wearing undergarments casually , which would not be done outdoors .
The Adur is a river in Sussex , England .
Mary condemned 277 people for heresy .
On January 1 , 2006 Ittre had a total population of 6,064 .
Because of that , for firefighting , energy and water , the town Appenzell has a special-purpose municipality , the Feuerschaugemeinde .
Prairie View A&M University is a historically black university located in Prairie View , Texas and is a member of the Texas A&M University System .
The Short-tailed Shearwater or Slender-billed Shearwater ( Puffinus tenuirostris ) , also called Yolla or Moonbird , and commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia , is the most abundant seabird species in Australian waters , and is one of the few Australian native birds in which the chicks are commercially harvested .
It has far more and larger craters than do Ariel and Titania and is also the least geologically active .
Confederate resistance ended after Lee surrendered to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .
Saint-Denis-de-Pile is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Robert S. P. Beekes , Comparative Indo-European Linguistics .
Disney sold the franchise in 2005 to Henry & Susan Samueli , who changed the name of the team to the Anaheim Ducks before the 2006 -- 07 season .
Under Elizabeth I there was a concerted effort to remove all traces of Roman Catholicism from the cathedral ; there was much destruction of tombs , windows and altars .
The irredentist call for the establishment of a '' Hindu Rashtra '' ( Hindu Nation , ) to '' protect Hindus and revive Hindu culture ''
Control engineering is the engineering discipline that focuses on the modeling of a diverse range of dynamic systems ( e.g. mechanical systems ) and the design of controllers that will cause these systems to behave in the desired manner .
Another says that she found silkworms eating the mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons .
Arra is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan and is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil .
Botswana , officially the Republic of Botswana , is a country located in Southern Africa .
Raymond Brown describes engineered languages as '' languages that are designed to specified objective criteria , and modeled to meet those criteria '' .
It may also refer to a number of other professional sport leagues :
Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated .
He played baseball as the second baseman for the provincial champion Rosedales in Manitoba .
Usually associated with mountains , the climate above the tree line is called an alpine climate , and the terrain can be described as alpine tundra .
The Union of Lublin of 1569 established the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as an influential player in Europe and a vital cultural entity , spreading the Western culture eastwards .
The primary environment was based on HP 's VUE ( Visual User Environment ) , itself derived from the Motif Window Manager ( mwm ) .
Pennington Gap is the most populous town in Lee County , Virginia , United States .
It was announced on March 24 , 2006 by the FIA that future races will again be held at the redesigned Fuji Speedway in Oyama , Sunto District , Shizuoka Prefecture .
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
Songs like '' Life in Technicolor II '' , which did n't make it to the final tracklist , '' Violet Hill '' and '' Death and All His Friends '' talk about war and politics .
Nonetheless , the committee is still composed mainly of politicians .
London has dated former WWE Diva Ashley Massaro .
It may sometimes be difficult to determine the actual line of argument some Presocratics used in supporting their particular views .
He became friendly with the animals of the mountain , and later , after catching Shutendouji , the terror of the region around Mount Ooe , he became a loyal follower of Minamoto no Yorimitsu under the new name Sakata Kintoki .
Great Western Railway : GWR locomotive numbering and classification
Paleoconservative activist and former presidential candidate Pat Buchanan has appeared twice as of 2010 .
Anna Maria is located at .
Lucy-le-Bocage is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
When considering voices of pre-pubescent children an eighth term , treble , can be applied .
According to the current theory , the lithosphere is broken up into what are called '' tectonic plates '' .
After 100 years in the frozen iceberg , the show opens when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the first episode of the show .
Sicily is today an autonomous region of Italy .
The mainland section consists of Burma , Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam and Peninsular Malaysia while the maritime section consists of Brunei , East Malaysia , East Timor , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Singapore .
South Australia is a state of Australia in the southern central part of the country .
Nielsen Media Research ( NMR ) is an American firm that measures media audiences , including television , radio , theater films ( via the AMC MAP program ) and newspapers .
Bishop Isaac Barrow founds the Bishop Barrow Trust to establish a university on the Isle of Man ( King William 's College ) .
Restauration is French for restoration .
Allingham was awarded four medals , two of which were medals from the First World War .
Adolf von Henselt ( May 12 , 1814 - October 10 , 1889 ) , German composer and pianist , was born at Schwabach , in Bavaria .
where R _ { infty } is the Rydberg constant , Z is the Atomic number , n is the principal quantum number , h is Planck 's constant , and c is the speed of light .
The asteroid belt , which lies between Mars and Jupiter , is similar to the terrestrial planets as it is composed mainly of rock and metal .
Hamada clan was on the shogunate 's side in the Meiji Restoration , and the castle was burned down .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 3 .
The geographical layout of Teotihuacan is a good example of the Mesoamerican tradition of planning cities , settlements and buildings as a representation of the Teotihuacano view of the Universe .
Elm leaves are alternate , with simple , single - or , most commonly , doubly-serrate margins , usually asymmetric at the base and acuminate at the apex .
Additional fuel capacity and standard winglets improve range to that of other 737NG variants- around 3200 nm .
A second film , Silent Hill : Revelation 3D , which is loosely based on Silent Hill 3 is currently filming .
Because Anghiera 's literary work was translated into English and French in a short period of time , the name '' Hispaniola '' is the most frequently used term in English-speaking countries regarding the island in scientific and cartographic works .
The state suffers from the highest rate of malnutrition in Mexico , estimated to affect more than 40 % of the population .
Belleau is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
When considering the need for confirmation , it is important to distinguish lactose intolerance from a milk allergy , which is an abnormal immune response ( usually ) to milk proteins .
The oceanic crust of the sheet is different from its continental crust .
He has also written short stories , biography and other non-fiction and children 's books .
In 1501 , following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and his succession by his uncle Frederick , Ferdinand of Aragon signed an agreement with Charles VIII 's successor , Louis XII , who had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan , to partition Naples between them , with Campania and the Abruzzi , including Naples itself , going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria .
Sea cucumbers are echinoderms from the class Holothuroidea .
Any program or tool which does not allow the user to view each edit and give an instruction to make that edit ( that is , one which can edit without the operator looking at and approving the change ) is considered to be a bot .
Invoking the principle of ignore all rules on its own will not convince anyone that you were right , so you will need to persuade the rest of the community that your actions improved the encyclopedia .
It is scheduled to take place on March 28 , 2010 at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Arizona .
His music career began in Boston in 1926 where he played in local ballrooms , restaurants and in radio stations WNAC and WEEI .
The stadium is approximately 450 y from Ipswich railway station , which lies on the Great Eastern Main Line from London Liverpool Street to Norwich .
More blood flows in through the clitoral cavernosal artery , the pressure in the corpora cavernosa clitoridis rises , and the clitoris is engorged with blood .
Wallachia was a former state which is now part of Romania .
They stated that individual differences in intelligence are substantially influenced by both genetics and environment .
Eventually they had the dwarves make them a magical ribbon called Gleipnir .
The album itself was their first ever platinum-selling album in the United States .
Wang was born in an intellectual family in Beijing in 1952 .
It is now believed that H. erectus is a descendant of earlier genera such as Ardipithecus and Australopithecus , or early Homo-species such as H. habilis or H. ergaster .
Newport News is an independent city in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia .
Many single-celled organisms ( unicellular ) , such as archaea , bacteria , and protists , reproduce asexually through binary fission .
The circus often performed abroad and reached world fame .
Bethel is a town in Oxford County , Maine , United States .
The lack of an obvious rule to determine whether a given Mersenne number is prime makes the search for Mersenne primes an interesting task , which becomes difficult very quickly , since Mersenne numbers grow very rapidly .
No dialogue is heard -- only accompanying music and Bonham Carter 's voice .
As a toddler , little Maria once escaped from her bath and ran naked up and down the palace corridor while her distracted Irish nurse , Margaretta Eagar , who loved politics , discussed the Dreyfus Affair with a friend .
It soon became the leading commercial and industrial center of Greece , as well as its main port .
He is the son of Tom Whedon , a screenwriter for The Electric Company in the 1970s and The Golden Girls in the 1980s .
Being close to the sea , Changi also has 2 commercial ferry terminals , Changi Point Ferry Terminal at Changi Creek and Changi Ferry Terminal near to Changi Naval Base .
The young Michael Faraday , the third of four children , having only the most basic of school educations , had to largely educate himself .
Giuseppe Dossena ( born May 2 , 1958 in Milan ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) manager and former player .
Iron in the north became what is now North Ossetia , under Russian rule from 1767 .
His first televised pay-per-view appearance was at World War 3 where he competed in the 3-ring , 60-man World War 3 battle royal for the vacant WCW World Heavyweight Championship .
After losing the Battle of Actium to Octavian 's forces , Antony committed suicide .
Croats are a South Slavic ethnic group mostly living in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries .
Fossil gastropods were less common during the Palaeozoic era than bivalves .
At long , it drains about one-sixth of the continental United States .
Henry Prize Stories is an annual collection of the year 's twenty best stories published in U.S. and Canadian magazines , written in English .
References to autofellatio in popular culture are common .
The district has a land area of 31.24 s.
US 19 and US 129 also pass through Cherokee County , providing connections to Atlanta ( to the south ) and Knoxville ( to the north ) .
Tomoyasu Asaoka ( born April 6 , 1962 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The FIFA World Cup , occasionally called the Football World Cup , but usually referred to simply as the World Cup , is an international football competition contested by the men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .
Secu is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,400 people .
King Afonso III of Portugal captures the Algarve from the Moors , thus completing the expulsion of the Moors from Portugal .
When the dupatta is worn along with the salwar-kameez it is casually allowed to flow down the front and back .
The Sydney funnel-web spider Atrax robustus , is an Australian funnel-web spider usually found within a 100 km ( 62 mi ) radius of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
By comparison to biotechnology , bioengineering is generally thought of as a related field with its emphasis more on higher systems approaches ( not necessarily altering or using biological materials directly ) for interfacing with and utilizing living things .
Jinnah would receive personal care and support as he became more ill during this time from his sister Fatima Jinnah .
Thuringia borders on ( from the northwest and clockwise ) the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
Early in his career , Satriani worked as a guitar instructor , and some of his former students have achieved fame with their guitar skills ( Steve Vai , Larry LaLonde , Kirk Hammett , Andy Timmons , Charlie Hunter , Kevin Cadogan , Alex Skolnick ) .
Zeta Reticuli , a binary star system located in the Reticulum constellation
This was achieved at Bristol with a win for the Camping World Truck Series , Nationwide Series , and the Sprint Cup Series .
It is a specialist science college , with an Eco status .
In German , the word '' Bairisch '' , referring to the language , is typically differentiated from the term '' Bayerisch '' , which refers to the state of Bavaria and used in the name of BMW ) .
According to the 2001 India census , Agra has a population of 1,275,134 , while the population of Agra cantonment is 50,968 and that of Agra district is 3,620,436 .
Known as the Scratch Cat Pokémon , it spends most of the daytime sleeping and prowls the city streets at night .
Standing on the banks of the River Usk , it is located about east of Cardiff and is the largest urban area within the historic county boundaries of Monmouthshire and the preserved county of Gwent .
The church is headed by the Major Archbishop of Ernakulam-Angamaly ( currently vacant since the recent passing away of Cardinal Mar Varkey Vithayathil ) .
Rather , it includes only several clusters of suburban neighborhoods .
Colouration of the fur and spines varies with geographic location .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Maizet is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
U.S. Route 3 is a north -- south United States highway that runs from its southern terminus in Cambridge , Massachusetts through New Hampshire to its terminus near Third Connecticut Lake at the Canadian border , where the road continues north as Quebec Route 257 .
Vegan diets ( sometimes called strict or pure vegetarian diets ) are a subset of vegetarian diets .
Stanley Smith Stevens ( 4 November 1906 & ndash ; 18 January 1973 )
M. leucadendra is also given the common name Cajuput Tree , which is derived from the Malay word kayu putih ( old Indonesian spelling : kaju putih ) - meaning '' white wood '' .
It is played using a cue and snooker balls : one white , 15 worth one point each , and six balls of different yellow ( 2 points ) , green ( 3 ) , brown ( 4 ) , blue ( 5 ) , pink ( 6 ) and black ( 7 ) .
Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan .
com ' website .
Cours-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Several families of the city built partician villas there , like those of the Medici in Cafaggiolo and the Trebbio .
It is most often confused with the minerals augite and biotite mica , both of which are black and can be found in granite and in charnockite .
Letitia Christian Tyler ( November 12 , 1790 & ndash ; September 10 , 1842 ) , first wife of John Tyler , was First Lady of the United States from 1841 until her death .
In 1884 , he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , but resigned after a few months ' service on account of the pressure of journalistic duties .
Paterson 's first language was Chinese , and she initially experienced difficulty reading and writing English .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
After the Soviet invasion of Poland , remnants of the Brigade fought both Wehrmacht and Red Army troops , capitulating on October 6 , 1939 .
This meant that she would be competing in both the women 's and men 's divisions of the tournament to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue in New York City .
Diarrhea Mild to severe pain Irritable bowel syndrome Codeine is sometimes marketed in combination preparations with the analgesic acetaminophen ( paracetamol ) , as co-codamol , paracod , panadeine , or Tylenol 3 ; with the analgesic acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , as co-codaprin ; or with the NSAID ( non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ) ibuprofen , as Nurofen Plus .
Curium is a synthetic chemical element with the symbol Cm and atomic number 96 .
Kalmthout is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Several species occur on Hawaii , where gardenias are known as nau or n n .
A computer simulation , a computer model or a computational model is a computer program , or network of computers , that attempts to simulate an abstract model of a particular system .
She won the 2004 French Open singles title , becoming the first Russian female tennis player to win a Grand Slam event .
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase ( born Daveigh Elizabeth Schwallier ; July 24 , 1990 ) is an Annie Award-winning American actress , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing Rhonda Volmer in the HBO series Big Love , Samara Morgan in The Ring and Lilo Pelekai in Lilo & Stitch .
He thought about calling Dubliners by the name Ulysses in Dublin , but the idea grew from a story in Dubliners in 1906 , to a '' short book '' in 1907 , to the vast novel that he began in 1914 .
Because BIU is not accredited by a recognized accreditation body in the countries where it operates , its degrees and credits might not be acceptable to employers or other institutions , and use of degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions .
The diameter of the nucleus is in the range of 1.6 fm ( ) ( for a proton in light hydrogen ) to about 15 fm ( for the heaviest atoms , such as uranium ) .
Doctors used forceps during his birth that severed a nerve and caused paralysis in parts of Stallone 's face , resulting in his signature slurred speech and drooping lower lip .
It is considered to be a ` child ' of the mother Hollandaise sauce , one of the five sauces in the French haute cuisine mother sauce repertoire .
It was included in the collection Tales and Stories of the Past with Morals .
He played for the Buffalo Sabres and the Edmonton Oilers , appearing in 924 NHL regular season games between 1974 and 1987 , winning the Stanley Cup in 1984 and 1985 .
For the Genus see Macrotis .
Most of the accused in the Salem witch trials lived in nearby ` Salem Village ' , now known as Danvers , although a few lived on the outskirts of Salem .
Chemical Change : During chemical change , substances are changed into different substances .
The capital city of Campania is Naples .
Arganchy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Jugazan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Auberville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The city of Basseterre skirts a 2 m bay on the southwestern shore of St. Kitts , Basseterre Bay .
In recreational canoeing , maps measure portages ( overland paths where canoes must be carried ) in rods ; typical canoes are approximately one rod long .
Lusaka is the capital and largest city of Zambia .
The median household income rose by 30 % while the income for the 20th percentile ( the lower threshold for the second lowest quintile ) rose by only 28 % from $ 14,002 to $ 17,984 .
Husri is a town and union council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
New Sweden ( , ) was a Swedish colony along the Delaware River on the Mid-Atlantic coast of North America from 1638 to 1655 .
Ice appears in nature in forms of precipitation snowflakes , hail , icicles , glaciers , pack ice , and entire polar ice caps .
In addition , Gesualdo 's mother , Girolama , was the niece of Pope Pius IV .
Lake Constance was formed by the Rhine Glacier during the ice age .
A Windows Vista version of the game was released on May 17 , 2007 , developed by an internal team at Microsoft Game Studios referred to as '' Hired Gun '' .
Not until the 1890s did scholars outside Scandinavia begin seriously to reassess the achievements of the Vikings , recognizing their artistry , the technological skills and the seamanship .
Ramecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The libretto by Charles Jennens is drawn entirely from the King James and Great Bibles , and interprets the Christian doctrine of the Messiah .
Horst Hrubesch ( born 17 April 1951 in Hamm ) is a retired German football player employed as a youth trainer at the German Football Association .
The Istanbul Pogrom ( also known as Istanbul Riots or Constantinople Pogrom ; ( Events of September ) ; ( Events of September 6 -- 7 ) ) , was a pogrom directed primarily at Istanbul 's Greek minority on 6-7 September 1955 .
The complete season , including the Live Reunion Show , was released on DVD on February 7 , 2006 .
In 1630 , Puritan colonists from England founded the city on the Shawmut Peninsula .
After the uprising of 1863 , Russification of Polish secondary schools was imposed and the literacy rate dropped dramatically .
A mortar and pestle is a tool used to crush , grind , and mix substances .
The film stars Jesse Eisenberg , Woody Harrelson , Emma Stone , and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse .
Law and government Alexander County is a member of the regional Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
The Theatre was rapidly followed by the nearby Curtain Theatre (/O1577/O) , the Rose (/O1587/O) , the Swan (/O1595/O) , the Globe (/O1599/O) , the Fortune (/O1600/O) , and the Red Bull (/O1604/O) .
Time Magazine , 5 November 2006 .
Awarded the Hart Memorial Trophy in 1970 , 1971 and 1972 .
The M ori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi ( '' the sea of Toi '' ) , a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi .
She puts him to bed with a dose of camomile tea while his sisters ( who have been good little bunnies ) enjoy bread and milk and blackberries for supper .
Changes made in 2005 to the curbs on the final chicane were controversial amongst drivers in the run-up to the Grand Prix .
On January 19 , 1981 , after thirteen straight hours of negotiation , all parties present signed the first Concorde Agreement , named after the plaza in Paris where the discussions took place .
Later members include : Victor Mancha , the creation of the Avengers ' foe Ultron and Marianella Mancha , is a a cyborg who can manipulate electricity and metal .
In May 2010 , some 25,000 people , including members of peace organizations and 1945 atomic bomb survivors , marched for about two kilometers from downtown New York to a square in front of United Nations headquarters , calling for the elimination of nuclear weapons .
Pain motivates us to withdraw from potentially damaging situations , protect a damaged body part while it heals , and avoid those situations in the future .
Please note : Wikipedia does not give legal advice or medical advice .
They are capable of running rapidly in brief sprints up to 20 kilometres per hour ( 12.4 mph ) , diving up to 4.5 metres ( 15 ft ) , and climbing trees proficiently when young through use of their strong claws .
The soncoya is similar in size to the ilama but grey brown in color with hard bumps on the surface , and orange flesh that tastes like mango or papaw .
Some of our senses operate in a logarithmic fashion ( Weber -- Fechner law ) , which makes logarithmic scales for these input quantities especially appropriate .
Airoldi never accepted the decision and issued a challenge to Spiridon Louis - the winner of the marathon - that was never taken up .
A 25th anniversary special edition DVD , featuring a remastered version of the film and a disc of extras , was released on October 10 , 2006 .
Prato is home to many museums and other cultural monuments , including the Filippo Lippi frescoes in the Cathedral of Santo Stefano , recently restored .
Jeff Hardy was later removed from the match after a legitimate suspension by WWE for a drug violation of the company 's Wellness Policy .
Given a pair of elastic moduli , all other elastic moduli can be calculated according to formulas in the table below at the end of page .
Safique is not a Muslim by temperament , but as a historian , thinks the Pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards Arabian legends for his history .
Football has been played at the ground since it was opened on 2 September 1899 , when Wednesday moved from their original ground at Olive Grove .
However , sometimes states exist only as de jure states in that an organization is recognized as having sovereignty over and being the legitimate government of a territory over which they have no actual control .
Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s ( titled Guitar Hero : Rocks the 80s in Europe ) is a music video game and the third installment in the popular Guitar Hero series .
Po proves to be a formidable challenge for Tai Lung as he tries to protect the Dragon Scroll .
The reason given was '' $ 3 '' .
The Peshitta excludes 2-3 John , 2 Peter , Jude , and Revelation , but Bibles of the modern Syriac Orthodox Church include later translations of those books along with the Letter of Baruch ( sometimes included as part of 2 Baruch ) .
The Incheon Subway has a single subway line serving the city .
The Greens argued that the fugu fish is well known to be a dangerous delicacy requiring specialized chefs who mostly come from Asia .
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland .
When measured in cycles or rotations per unit time ( e.g. revolutions per minute ) , it is often called the rotational velocity and its magnitude the rotational speed .
Since the conflict is over , Anna and Ottavio choose to wait until Anna 's year of grieving is over before marrying ; Elvira will spend the rest of her life in a convent ; Zerlina and Masetto will finally go home for dinner ; and Leporello will find a new master at a tavern .
A yard ( abbreviation : yd ) is a unit of length in several different systems , including English units , Imperial units , and United States customary units .
July 1 -- The first possible government in Hong Kong elected by universal suffrage is scheduled to take office .
Born in British India in Balochistan , in what is now Pakistan , she lived the final 25 years of her life in Pune , India .
Larry Grathwohl , a Federal Bureau of Investigation informant in the Weatherman group from the fall of 1969 to the spring of 1970 , stated that '' Ayers , along with Bernardine Dohrn , probably had the most authority within the Weatherman '' .
To move within the quicksand , a person or object must apply sufficient pressure on the compacted sand to re-introduce enough water to liquefy it .
In North America , steaks are typically served grilled , though they are also often pan-fried .
Its population is about 4.8 million , and its capital is Venice .
Barly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is also the headquarters of the U.S. Pacific Fleet .
Houdain is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
He was previously the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Those artifacts recovered included ancient arrowheads , and are now on display at the Museum of Rhinebeck History .
Invasive species originated from the Red Sea and introduced into the Mediterranean by the construction of the canal have become a major component of the Mediterranean ecosystem , and have serious impacts on the Mediterranean ecology , endangering many local and endemic Mediterranean species .
July 8 & ndash ; John Davison Rockefeller , American industrialist and philanthropist ( d. 1937 )
k is the force constant ( or spring constant ) ( in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' ) .
The original premise of the show was based on the adjustment and culture shock that twins Brandon ( played by Jason Priestley ) and Brenda Walsh ( played by Shannen Doherty ) experienced when they and their parents , Jim ( played by James Eckhouse ) and Cindy ( played by Carol Potter ) moved from Minneapolis , Minnesota to Beverly Hills .
Potassium in nature occurs only as ionic salt .
Southern Californians refer to it as '' the 5 Freeway '' or as the Santa Ana Freeway in the Los Angeles area .
Secondly , oils can be heated , and used to cook other foods .
The border itself is defined by a railway line .
It is located in Lambeth , near the South Bank , in the London Borough of Lambeth , and in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Appearance Gophers are heavily built , and most are moderately large , ranging from in length , and weighing a few hundred grams .
Hearts of Iron III was released on August 7 , 2009 .
Though the storm never made landfall , 23 deaths were reported in Cuba from significant flooding , the worst in 32 years .
During the 2000s , Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm ( 2000 ) ; The King of Queens ( 2001 , 2005 ) ; Ally McBeal ( 2001 ) ; Lizzie McGuire ( 2001 ) ; Everybody Loves Raymond ( 2002 ) and Weekends at the D.L. ( 2005 ) . Anton has also appeared on shows like Premium Blend ( 1997 ) and Late Friday ( 2001 ) where he performed his stand-up routine .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
In general , cultured pearls are less valuable than natural pearls , whereas imitation pearls almost have no value .
Its collections , which number more than seven million objects , are amongst the largest and most comprehensive in the world and originate from all continents , illustrating and documenting the story of human culture from its beginnings to the present .
The NPCs have a full life cycle ( task accomplishment , combat , rest , feeding and sleep ) and the same applies to the many monsters living in the Zone ( hunting , attacking stalkers and other monsters , resting , eating , sleeping ) .
Body Jewellery Shop - common body piercing problems Ear piercings are the most commonly stretched piercings , with nasal septum piercings , tongue piercings and lip piercings\/lip plates following close behind .
It is based on an actual Wikipedia article about a dispute between two authors , here called Smith and Jones : Smith claimed that Jones committed plagiarism by copying references from another author 's book .
Patrick Chukwuemeka Okogwu ( born 7 November 1988 ) , better known by his stage name Tinie Tempah , is a two-time BRIT award winning English rapper from Plumstead , South London .
The true null hypothesis is .
Born into a musical family , he was a child prodigy .
Hawthorne attended Bowdoin College , was elected to Phi Beta Kappa in 1824 , Who Belongs To Phi Beta Kappa , ' Phi Beta Kappa website '' , accessed Oct 4 , 2009 and graduated in 1825 ; his classmates included future president Franklin Pierce and future poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
Nobel Prize in Physics and 1933 -- Nobel Prize Presentation Speech .
Vulnerability refers to the susceptibility of a person , group , society or system to physical or emotional injury or attack .
Statistics Corsica is long at longest , wide at widest , has of coastline , more than 200 beaches , and is very mountainous , with Monte Cinto as the highest peak at and 20 other summits of more than .
After appearing with Joe E. Brown in Alibi Ike and James Cagney in The Irish in Us , she played opposite Errol Flynn in such highly popular films as Captain Blood , The Charge of the Light Brigade (/O1936/O) , and as Maid Marian to Flynn 's Robin Hood in The Adventures of Robin Hood (/O1938/O) .
In 1966 , Phelps left Yale and moved to University of Pennsylvania , where he was offered a tenured position as professor of economics .
The first recorded European entrance into the Narrows was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano , who set anchor in the strait and was greeted by a group of Lenape , who paddled out to meet him in the strait .
He is married to the actress Michelle Gomez .
US Airways Flight 1549 , en route to Charlotte/Douglas International Airport from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , ditches in the Hudson River off Manhattan .
Parasitism has evolved only nine times in the plant kingdom ; Job Kuijt , Biology of Parasitic Flowering Plants ( University of California ) 1969 .
This lists buildings that once held the title of tallest building in New York City .
The siamang can live up to 30 + years in captivity .
Following the defeat of Germany in 1945 the cantons were once again annexed by Belgium , and as a result of alleged collaboration with Nazi Germany an attempt was made to de-Germanize the local population by the Belgian and Walloon authorities .
In the study of complex systems that are less usefully represented with equations various other kinds of narratives and methods for identifying , boundaries , exploring , designing and interacting with complex systems are used .
Lordship is the basic social institution of the uprooted Germanic societies , as Tacitus described them in Germania and the Roman West experienced them firsthand in the Migrations Period .
At the time , she was living in a tin shed with a black snake named Gladys and a wombat named Smudge .
By 1935 , Germany was openly flouting the military restrictions set forth in the Versailles Treaty , and conscription was reintroduced on 16 March 1935 .
The rarely used adjectival form of the name Eros is Erotian ( ) .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
The subspecies also differ from one another in their hairiness , spine length and width , and the size of the grooming claws on their hind feet .
On 1 August 1912 Leonor died , just a few weeks after the publication of Campos de Castilla .
Although Roy Bates claims it is de facto recognized by Germany as they have sent a diplomat to the micronation , and by the United Kingdom after an English court ruled it did not have jurisdiction over Sealand , neither action constitutes de jure recognition as far as the respective countries are concerned .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honor of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala , in December and January in honor of the King .
The element name is pronounced , or , .
The events led to the Treaty of Nerchinsk .
Its only known species is Darwinius masillae , dated to 47 million years ago ( Lutetian stage ) based on dating of the fossil site .
As of March 2006 , Anton is currently living in Los Angeles , California with his wife Lesley Anton and two children , Ruby and Delphine .
Several days prior to the passage of Beryl through Atlantic Canada , the Canadian Hurricane Centre issued gale warnings for the coastal waters off Nova Scotia and Newfoundland .
The more western of these is Cross Island Road , one of the few roads crossing to the south coast of Upolu .
The theater was inaugurated on 3 August 1778 and was originally known as the New Royal-Ducal Theatre at La Scala .
Arquenay is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The tertiary sector of the economy ( also known as the service sector or the service industry ) is one of the three economic sectors , the others being the secondary sector ( approximately the same as manufacturing ) and the primary sector ( agriculture , fishing , and extraction such as mining ) .
She lies buried at the Peter and Paul Cathedral in Saint Petersburg .
It is one of several North American locations named after George Vancouver , the British Royal Navy officer who explored the Pacific Northwest coast of North America between 1791 and 1794 .
Lumberjacks were exclusively men .
James became the number one contender for the Women 's Title on December 12 by defeating Victoria in a match to determine who would face Stratus at New Year 's Revolution .
By the 7th millennium BC , exceedingly large and organized settlements may be found in the region , relying also on deep wells for sources of water .
Year 14 BC was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice ; once as a member of The Yardbirds ( 1992 ) , and once as a member of Led Zeppelin ( 1995 ) .
Recreational facilities include an enclosed arena for hockey or ringette / community center for dances held by the town with baseball and soccer fields , a lawn bowling club , public tennis courts and an agricultural society with grounds used for a fall fair and occasional campsites .
The Easter egg tradition may also have merged into the celebration of the end of the privations of Lent in the West .
Sutherland also had a small role as pot-smoking Professor Dave Jennings in National Lampoon 's Animal House in 1978 , making himself known to younger fans as a result of the movie 's popularity .
Papyrus 46 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , designated by siglum mathfrak { P } 46 , is one of the oldest extant New Testament manuscripts in Greek , written on papyrus , with its ` most probable date ' between 175-225 .
A threshold of the participating parties need to cooperate in order to achieve a cryptographic task , such as decrypting a message .
From this matrimony he had two sons : Duke Anton Aleksandrovich ( around 1891 , - Rostov on Don , 1950 ) Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich ( 1892 , - Kafan , 1981 ) During the revolution in Petrograd in the year 1917 , duke Aleksandr and his wife duchess Sofia were killed by the Bolsheviks .
In 2007 , Manning proposed to Abby McGrew of Nashville , Tennessee .
Christopher Emmanuel Paul ( born May 6 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Hornets of the National Basketball Association .
The 1999 East Timorese crisis began with attacks by anti-independence militants on civilians , and expanded to general violence throughout the country , centred in the capital Dili .
The capital city of Amman is in the north-west .
The Sopwith Camel was a British World War I single-seat fighter biplane , famous for its manoeuvrability .
Kurt Angle remained a heel , despite being the one responsible for the end of the Alliance ( it was written that Angle fooled everyone for his own glory ) .
The underground bunker and tunnel complex consisted of vaulted ammunition storage rooms with double walls and ceilings .
Sauber 's final grand prix came in China 2005 , with Massa scoring a welcome sixth place to round off the team 's history .
The first mention of Newington ( or Neweton ) occurs in the Testa de Nevill ( a survey of feudal tenure officially known as the Book of Fees compiled 1198-1242 ) during the reign of Henry III , wherein it is stated that the queens goldsmith holds of the king one acre of land in Neweton , by the service of rendering a gallon of honey .
The 1340s decade ran from January 1 , 1340 , to December 31 , 1349 .
John Taylor & Co , formerly Taylors Eayre & Smith Ltd , bell founders of Loughborough , England
The son of a cobbler , Cave was born in Newton near Rugby , Warwickshire and attended the grammar school there , but was expelled after being accused of stealing from the headmaster .
The East-West Schism , or Great Schism , separated the Church into Western ( Latin ) and Eastern ( Greek ) branches , i.e. , Western Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy .
Trading posts were also places for people to meet and exchange the news of the world or simply the news from their home country ( many of the world 's trading posts were located in places which were popular destinations for emigration ) in a time when not even newspapers existed .
The first significant written record of Britain and its inhabitants was by the Greek navigator Pytheas , who explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC .
A solvent is a liquid or gas that dissolves a solid , liquid , or gaseous solute , resulting in a solution .
In the United Kingdom , the book was received with mixed reviews amongst critics .
Le Cannet is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Superman is a fictional character , a comic book superhero appearing in publications by DC Comics , widely considered to be an American cultural icon .
The Holocene is a geological epoch which began approximately 12,000 years ago ( 10 & thinsp ; 000 14C years ago ) .
Pears are native to coastal and mildly temperate regions of the Old World , from western Europe and north Africa east right across Asia .
The slaves were freed and founded Libreville ( French for '' Freetown '' ) in 1848 .
The first known written reference to Japan is in the brief information given in Twenty-Four Histories , a collection of Chinese historical texts , in the 1st century AD .
Both Reger 's and Tippett 's second string quartets are in this key , as is Shostakovich 's seventh string quartet .
On December 13 , 1974 ( Republic Day ) it became a republic within the Commonwealth , with the President as head of state .
Break-up Minor Threat broke up in 1983 .
The connector was replaced and the shuttle launched during the third attempt on February 7 , 2008 .
OneNote 2007 uses a feature-enhanced file format from OneNote 2003 .
Blue cheese is a general classification of cow 's milk , sheep 's milk , or goat 's milk cheeses that have had Penicillium cultures added so that the final product is spotted or veined throughout with blue , blue-gray or blue-green mold , and carries a distinct smell .
The is a 32-bit handheld video game console developed , manufactured , and marketed by Nintendo .
Both laboratories started production after his death , in 1993 .
exe '' in the processes list .
A chicken , for example , was required to be able to jump over a fence of a given height to be considered old enough or well enough to be valued for tax purposes .
The Brit Oval , still commonly referred to by its original name of The Oval , is an international cricket ground in Kennington , in the London Borough of Lambeth .
The Old World rats and mice , part of the subfamily Murinae in the family Muridae , comprise at least 519 species .
Grameen Bank is best known for its system of solidarity lending .
Element 115 also falls in the center of the theoretical island of stability .
Hansen is best known for his research in the field of climatology , his testimony on climate change to congressional committees in 1988 that helped raise broad awareness of global warming , and his advocacy of action to limit the impacts of climate change .
Bourg-le-Roi is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Nicholasville is the 11th largest city in state of Kentucky and the county seat of Jessamine County , Kentucky , United States .
R. L. Rudnick ) volume 3 , pages 1-64 of Treatise on Geochemistry ( eds .
Giorgio Napolitano ( born June 29 , 1925 ) is an Italian politician and former lifetime senator , the eleventh and current President of the Italian Republic .
Plant pathology ( also phytopathology ) is the scientific study of plant diseases caused by pathogens ( infectious diseases ) and environmental conditions ( physiological factors ) .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
Vaux-Andigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In North America , the National Hockey League ( NHL ) is the highest level for men and both the Canadian Women 's Hockey League ( CWHL ) and the Western Women 's Hockey League ( WWHL ) are the highest levels for women .
Taxonomic rank or category
Mi Reflejo ( ) is the only Spanish-language studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera , released in 2000 ( see 2000 in music ) .
Villers-le-Sec is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As a day job , he translated literature into Russian ( 19 books in 6 years ) , then worked as a correspondent for the newspaper .
The most recent English translation , by Royall Tyler (/O2001/O) , also tries to be faithful to the original text .
Extreme shortness in humans with proportional body parts usually has a hormonal cause , such as growth-hormone deficiency , once called pituitary dwarfism .
A model can easily be created by taking a paper strip and giving it a half-twist , and then joining the ends of the strip together to form a loop .
Another UN official said that '' The Irrawaddy delta was hit extremely hard not only because of the wind and rain but because of the storm surge . ''
It consisted of 92 three-car trains which were used on newly electrified suburban lines between and London Liverpool Street .
In her research , she is known to be a disciple of the late Azerbaijani historian and the former vice-president of the Azerbaijani Academy of Sciences Ziya Bunyadov .
It was named in 1900 for William Thomas Lopp , a missionary among the Inuit and the civilian leader of the 1897 -- 98 Overland Expedition .
The M6 motorway runs from junction 19 of the M1 in Catthorpe , near Rugby via Birmingham then heads north , passing Manchester , Preston , Carlisle and terminating at Gretna .
In common parlance , the term polymorphonuclear leukocyte often refers specifically to neutrophil granulocytes , the most abundant of the granulocytes .
A native of Sand Springs , Oklahoma , he played basketball for Langston University from 1942-1946 .
Its writing system for the majority of its history has been the Greek alphabet ( though other systems , such as Linear B and the Cypriot syllabary , were previously used ) .
In 1956 , John Bardeen shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with William Shockley of Semiconductor Laboratory of Beckman Instruments and Walter Brattain of Bell Telephone Laboratories '' for their researches on semiconductors and their discovery of the transistor effect '' .
November 21 & ndash ; Edward I becomes King of England .
Two further general elections called by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , Under the Government of Ireland Act 1920 the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland was to be the chief executive of both Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland .
Apart from Tiberias , the major towns and cities in the area were gradually abandoned .
Cuissy-et-Geny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The plumbing industry is a basic and substantial part of every developed economy due to the need for clean water , and proper collection and transport of wastes .
The Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express are operated by A-Stock specified to their respective lines .
Equivalently , the derivative satisfies the property that
His single , '' Summer of Love '' , was released in 2009 .
Stendal ( ) is a town in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
It can manifest in the appearance of individuals within a group whose behavior ( and sometimes anatomy ) is modified for group defense , including self-sacrifice ( '' altruism '' ) .
Slant Magazine link
Aldgate East is a London Underground station located between Aldgate and Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Year 33 ( XXXIII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Richard Samuel Attenborough , Baron Attenborough , CBE ( born 29 August 1923 ) is an English actor , director , producer , and entrepreneur .
In the past , the country 's population had a relatively high growth rate that has , however , been moderated by declining fertility and birth rates .
The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck is a revisionist comic book story by Don Rosa about Scrooge McDuck .
During Sasuke 's later fight with Itachi , Sasuke is left too weak to continue suppressing Orochimaru 's spirit , allowing Orochimaru to escape and try to take his body again .
His grandfather gave him the name '' Harry '' in addition to his Chinese name ( given by his father ) Kuan Yew .
Arsenic pentafluoride is a chemical compound of arsenic and fluorine .
Some artists who rose to popularity following their appearances at Monterey included Janis Joplin , Laura Nyro , Canned Heat , Otis Redding , Steve Miller and Indian sitar maestro Ravi Shankar .
Mitosis is a related process to meiosis that creates two cells that are genetically identical to the parent cell .
The island was home to numerous watermills producing paper and textiles ; it also created valuable land through drainage of the marshlands .
Jamie Frank Redknapp ( born 25 June 1973 in Barton on Sea , Hampshire ) is a retired English footballer who was active from 1989 until 2005 .
The City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra ( CBSO ) is a British orchestra based in Birmingham , England .
Melina , however , turned on Cappotelli and aligned herself with Hennigan , who later changed his ring name to Johnny Nitro .
Saint-Germain-de-Grave is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The loss of the 2004 -- 05 season made the NHL the first North American professional sports league to cancel an entire season because of a labor dispute .
Heliconia , derived from the Greek word helikonios , is a genus of about 100 to 200 species of flowering plants native to the tropical Americas and the Pacific Ocean islands west to Indonesia .
National emblems may appear on many things such as the national flag , coat of arms , or other patriotic materials .
New England Patriots ( )
Robert '' Bobby '' McFerrin , Jr. ( born March 11 , 1950 ) is an American vocalist and conductor .
Baron Amherst ( disambiguation ) , in particular :
Adult humans have roughly 2 & ndash ; 3 & times ; 1013 ( 20-30 trillion ) red blood cells at any given time , comprising approximately one quarter of the total human body cell number ( women have about 4 to 5 million erythrocytes per microliter ( cubic millimeter ) of blood and men about 5 to 6 million ; people living at high altitudes with low oxygen tension will have more ) .
The following is a list of episodes for the American cult television series , Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
With this most recent championship , the Steelers became the only team with six Super Bowl victories .
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets sea water .
Alfred Pampalon ( 24 November 1867 & ndash ; 30 September 1896 ) was born in the city of Lévis , Quebec , and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupr é .
However , since objects in microgravity still retain their mass and inertia , an astronaut must exert ten times as much force to accelerate a 10kilogram object at the same rate as a 1kilogram object .
In 2003 , he returned to General Hospital as Luis ' twin brother , Lorenzo Alcazar , a powerful , well connected and shady mobster/tycoon .
In 1869 the convicts were relocated to Darlinghurst Gaol .
The center of population of Florida is located in the city of Lake Wales .
There are a few types of spider webs found in the wild , and many spiders are classified by the webs they weave .
The Houbara Bustard is 60 cm long with a 140 cm wingspan .
Zak Benjamin Whitbread ( born March 4 , 1984 ) is an American soccer player who plays for Norwich City as a defender .
Colorado is part of the Western United States , the Mountain States , and the Southwestern United States .
key_people = Sal Fazzolari , Chairman & CEO
The three major types of lymphocyte are T cells , B cells and natural killer ( NK ) cells .
During the Second World War Cossacks found themselves on both sides of the conflict once again .
Induction may refer to :
The council decided in favor of celebrating Easter on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox , independent of the Hebrew Calendar ( see also Quartodecimanism and Easter controversy ) . It authorized the Bishop of Alexandria ( presumably using the Alexandrian calendar ) to announce annually the exact date to his fellow bishops .
It is usually presented to the recipient , or their next of kin , by the British monarch during an investiture held at Buckingham Palace , or by the Governor-General for awards made by other Commonwealth countries .
Jerome is a city in Jerome County , Idaho , U.S.A. .
The Herald was founded on 3 January 1840 by George Cavanaugh as The Port Phillip Herald .
Argon has atomic number 18 and is the third element in group 18 of the periodic table ( noble gases ) .
It is the thirteenth book in the Redwall series to be published .
He first appeared on albums from The Beatnuts , on the track '' Off the Books '' in 1997 , and on Fat Joe 's second album Jealous One 's Envy in 1995 , on the track '' Watch Out '' , prior to signing to Loud Records as a solo artist .
Overview When villagers begin disappearing it is discovered that they had fallen through a crack in the earth which goes straight to Hades .
Vaishali or Vesali ( Pali ) was the capital city of the Licchavi , one of world 's first democratic republics , in the Vajjian Confederacy ( Vrijji ) mahajanapada , around the 6th century BC .
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Emilie and Marie shared an embryonic sac ( and were mirror twins ) , Annette and Yvonne shared an embryonic sac , and it is believed that Cecile shared an embryonic sac with the sixth fetus who was miscarried .
NHL teams will play each other at least once per season It began on October 4 , with the regular season ending on April 12 .
Crosswords DS ( also known as CrossworDS ) and as Nintendo presents : Crossword Collection in PAL regions is a puzzle video game by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
The Library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
Barry Bostwick as Thunderbolt : The famous TV wonder-dog , a handsome German Shepard .
As a result , Kim won her 3rd Grand Prix Final title with a total of 188.86 points .
The band was known as Godzilla until 2001 .
Dollman died on 21 March 1942 , aged 65 .
The metronome dates back to the early 19th century .
London 's influence in politics , education , entertainment , media , fashion , the arts and culture in general contributes to its global position .
Some of those singles were '' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul ' 98 '' , '' Brother Louie ' 98 '' , and '' You Are Not Alone '' .
The population density was 934.9 people per square mile ( 362.1 \/O/ km ) .
Year 1862 was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Monday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
It was replaced by Igor which was also retired after its use in the 2010 season and replaced with the name Ian .
Splash included brief rear nudity on the part of star Daryl Hannah and occasional inappropriate language , earning a PG-rating .
In 1546 , Henry VIII transferred to it from Osney to the see of Oxford .
Bushwalking is also popular in the often rugged terrain , particularly picturesque spots being Cape Raoul and Cape Pillar at the extreme south west and south east ends of the Peninsula , separated by the entrance to Port Arthur .
The server listens to connections from IRC clients on a set of TCP ports .
Hazro Tehsil is one of the six tehsils ( subdivisions ) of Attock District in the Punjab province of PakistanPOPULATION CENSUS ORGANIZATION , Government of Pakistan , it is a newly created tehsil and forms parts of the NA-57 constituency of Attock .
Thus , addressable memory is used as intermediate stage .
The shooting began at approximately 1:06 p.m. on the fourth floor of the building , after 14-year-old Michael Peek punched Coon in the face for bumping into him . When Peek walked away Coon shot him in the abdomen .
Prior to this , Gates served for 26 years in the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council , and under President George H. W. Bush as Director of Central Intelligence .
He was originally performed by puppeteer Frank Oz , although in recent years he has been performed by Eric Jacobson .
Aerobics is a form of physical exercise that combines rhythmic aerobic exercise with stretching and strength training routines with the goal of improving all elements of fitness ( flexibility , muscular strength , and cardio-vascular fitness ) .
A molecule may consist of atoms of a single chemical element , as with oxygen ( O2 ) , or of different elements , as with water ( H2O ) . Atoms and complexes connected by non-covalent bonds such as hydrogen bonds or ionic bonds are generally not considered single molecules .
A regular lens of a focal length that is longer than what is considered a normal lens is not necessarily a telephoto lens .
Carly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Péron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A G-string ( alternatively gee-string or gee string ) is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by women and men .
Cities of the area include Kidal , Aguel ` hoc , Boughessa , Essouk , and Tessalit .
Accessed 2009-05-24 .
George John Scipio Africanus ( c. 1763 - 1834 ) was a West African negro slave who became a successful entrepreneur in Nottingham .
This was one of the major landslides in the Alps in modern times .
This process is known as salt panning , which gave its name to Bishopwearmouth Panns ; the modern-day name of the area the pans occupied is Pann 's Bank , located on the river bank between the city centre and Hendon .
The total area is 38.80 km which gives a population density of 326 inhabitants per km .
Uruk ( Cuneiform : , URUUNUG ; Sumerian : Unug ; Akkadian : Uruk ; Biblical Hebrew : Erech ; Greek : , ; ; , ) was an ancient city of Sumer and later Babylonia , situated east of the present bed of the Euphrates river , on the ancient dry former channel of the Euphrates River , some 30 km east of modern As-Samawah , Al-Muthann , Iraq .
The bear holds a red ring between its forepaws .
Sainte-Austreberthe is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the case of the Earth , there are currently seven to eight major ( depending on how they are defined ) and many minor plates .
Venus of Willendorf Christopher L. C. E. Witcombe , 2003 .
In Finnish stories though , they are more often referred to as giants who built several castles and lived in various regions of Finland .
KO Arena ( Spain ) www.koarena.com ;
The traditional name of the circuit ( literally , '' between lakes '' ) comes from the fact that it was built in a region between two large artificial lakes , Guarapiranga and Billings , which were built in the early 20th century to supply the city with water and electric power .
High winds across the state included a report of 47 mph ( 76 km\/h ) near the state 's southeastern coastline .
At the 2010 Japanese National Championships Oda won the silver medal behind Daisuke Takahashi .
Story Final Fantasy XII begins in Dalmasca 's capital city of Rabanastre , where the happiness from the union of Princess Ashe of Dalmasca and Prince Rasler of Nabradia is interrupted by the Archadian Empire 's invasion of Nabradia .
( Adrian Randolph , '' The Bastides of southwest France '' The Art Bulletin 77.2 ( June 1995 , pp .
The court was officially established there on 6 May 1682 .
Kearny ( , ) is a town in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
In the following year he was appointed secretary to the government of Burma in the Ministry of Information .
A great hall is the main room of a royal palace , nobleman 's castle or a large manor house in the Middle Ages , and in the country houses of the 16th and early 17th centuries .
It runs in a crescent through Mali , Niger , on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria , discharging through a massive delta , known as the Niger Delta of the Oil Rivers , into the Gulf of Guinea .
Space exploration January 3 - NASA 's Spirit , the first of two Mars Exploration Rovers , lands successfully on Mars .
Pommier ( literally meaning '' apple tree '' ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kars was under the control of the Ottoman Empire for centuries . For a brief period , from 1878 until 1917 , it was controlled by Russia .
It is one of Europe 's largest publications of its kind with a weekly circulation of more than one million .
Experts recognize 17 -- 19 subspecies , which vary in appearance and range ; there is disagreement over whether the distinctive Barbary Falcon is a subspecies or a distinct species .
His chamber works include three string quartets , two string quintets and two string sextets , a clarinet quintet , a clarinet trio , a horn trio , a piano quintet , three piano quartets and four piano trios ( the fourth being '' opus posthumous '' ) .
Indian Premier League
hue , on the island 's southeast coast , is the seat of Kauai County and the second largest city on the island .
The first idea suggests that the two subspecies developed when Bali became isolated from Java by formation of the Bali Strait by rising sea levels after the ice age .
Just prior to merging , the lowest pressure in relation to the storm was recorded at 986 mbar ( hPa ; 29.12 inHg ) .
A device driver simplifies programming by acting as a translator between a hardware device and the applications or operating systems that use it .
Nowadays , the accepted explanation is that orbital forcing sets the timing for ice ages with CO2 acting as an essential amplifying feedback .
In return for his evidence , Piquet Jr. was given immunity by the FIA , and on 4 September 2009 Renault F1 were charged with conspiracy and race fixing , and were due to face the FIA World Motor Sport Council in Paris on 21 September 2009 .
The median income for a household in the city was $ 52,531 , and the median income for a family was $ 61,056 .
The fishes have equal hyperbolic area , so the area of a ball of radius n must rise exponentially in n.
Anne Redpath ( 1895 -- 1965 ) was a Scottish artist whose vivid domestic still-lifes are among her best-known works .
The CFL was officially founded in 1958 .
feud , Long defeated then Raw GM Eric Bischoff at Survivor Series 2005 with the help of The Boogeyman .
Located 2.4 km from Flinders Street Station , Melbourne 's central suburban railway station , Richmond station is located close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground , Punt Road Oval and Melbourne Park , so is often busy during sporting and other special events .
Dobele ( ) is a town in Latvia which , located in Zemgale , lies in the near center of Latvia on the banks of the river B rze .
The uppermost mantle plus overlying crust are relatively rigid and form the lithosphere , an irregular layer with a maximum thickness of perhaps 200 km .
Their name came from The Clash song ( '' Revolution Rock '' ) and musicologist Billy Pinnell described their first album as the best Australian rock debut since Skyhooks ' Living in the '70s .
Video games in the Mega Man series .
Patrizio Sala ( born 16 June 1955 ) is an Italian former footballer .
His time at Stamford Bridge proved an unhappy one , as he struggled both to live up to the price tag and to adapt to Chelsea 's style of play , scoring just one league goal against Manchester United in 29 appearances , and three goals in total , the other two coming against Skonto Riga in a Champions League qualifier and Hull City in the FA Cup .
As a Germanic language , Gothic is a part of the Indo-European language family .
In 2004 , Florida was hit by a record four hurricanes . Hurricanes Charley ( August 13 ) , Frances ( September 4 - 5 ) , Ivan ( September 16 ) , and Jeanne ( September 25 - 26 ) cumulatively cost the state 's economy $ 42 billion .
The adults are tube worms , and secrete chitinous tubes in which to live .
English is the predominant language spoken throughout the country .
Despite the animal 's overall size , the braincase of Stegosaurus was small , being no larger than that of a dog .
For the Asian species called '' Cricket Frog '' , see Fejervarya limnocharis .
There are numerous underground water springs in the area , which explain its attractiveness as an area of settlement .
The main route from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness via Basildon is 40 m long , and the fastest timetabled journey time from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness is 58 minutes .
Caviar is a name for processed , salted roe consumed as a delicacy .
Many heavy machine guns , such as the Browning M2 .50 caliber machine gun , are accurate enough to engage targets at great distances .
In March 2005 , Warner Bros. and Silver Pictures announced that Joss Whedon would write and direct the film adaptation of Wonder Woman .
Mark Iuliano ( born 12 August 1973 in Cosenza ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) defender , who spent the bulk of his career with Italian powerhouse , Juventus FC , in the Italian Serie A.
Balls are struck back and forth with a wooden cylinder , called a bracciale , worn over the forearm : if carelessly played , a broken arm can result because a bracciale can weigh 2 kilograms .
As noted by Abel , Mittleman , and BeckerAbel , G. G. , Mittleman , M. S. , & Becker , J. V. ( 1985 ) .
January 1 -- The Roman legions in Germania Superior refuses to swear loyalty to Galba .
This concept was somewhat abandoned when chief competitor World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) began offering three-hour PPV events on a monthly basis , forcing the WWF to do the same .
Under Dodd 's leadership , Tech played in 13 major bowls , winning 9 , including six in a row from 1952 to 1956 , and had a 31-game winning streak from 1951 to 1953 .
This is a list of rivers in the U.S. state of Wisconsin
This period spanned the years from December 1306 through October 1308 .
Isaac Newton published Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica , where he introduced Newton 's laws of motion and his theory of gravity .
Always a Sydney landmark , Cockatoo Island commands magnificent views of Sydney Harbour .
My Chemical Romance is an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
A third option is a plastic mouthpiece made out of Lexan plastic .
'' Believe '' was the second single from The Chemical Brothers 2005 album Push the Button .
Collapse An evolved , average-size star will now shed its outer layers as a planetary nebula .
Christy noticed that a slight elongation appeared periodically .
There are two active mud volcanoes in South Taiwan , and several inactive ones .
Glendale Community College , Glendale
Fontaine-le-Pin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Hanlontown is a city in Worth County , Iowa , United States .
Bernard Charles '' Bernie '' Ecclestone ( born 28 October 1930 ) is a British sports entrepreneur , as president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration and through his part-ownership of Alpha Prema , the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies .
The film was released on VHS and DVD December 3 , 2002 .
When his parents divorced in 1968 , his father , a high school teacher , moved to Michigan and Keenan would only see him about once a year for the next 12 years .
Within these two regions , five individual objects , Ceres , Pluto , Haumea , Makemake and Eris , are recognized to be large enough to have been rounded by their own gravity , and are thus termed dwarf planets .
At Vengeance in 2007 , she defeated Melina to win her first WWE Women 's Championship and became the first former Diva Search contestant to win a WWE title .
Anthony Michael '' Tony '' Lazzeri ( December 6 , 1903 - August 6 , 1946 ) was an American Major League Baseball player during the 1920s and 1930s , predominantly with the New York Yankees .
It extends from the Arctic in the north to the Southern Ocean in the south , bounded by Asia and Australia in the west , and the Americas in the east .
He has since appeared in MTV 's Viva La Bam and Bam 's Unholy Union , both Jackass movies , and Haggard , which he co-wrote and directed .
Events December 22 -- Afraid that the Egyptian capital Fustat ( in today 's Old Cairo ) will be captured by the Crusaders , its Fatimid vizier , Shawar , orders the city set afire .
Eleven players were inducted into the category , but in 2000 , the board of directors eliminated it , and now those inductees are considered to be in the player category .
Ferdinand allied with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I , to expel the French by 1496 and install Alfonso 's son , Ferdinand , on the Neapolitan throne .
Down is an American heavy metal supergroup formed in 1991 in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Verchocq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Indian religions is a classification for religions that originated in the Indian subcontinent ; namely Hinduism , Jainism , Buddhism and Sikhism .
In New York , a town typically contains a number of such hamlets and villages .
TWAS was founded in 1983 under the leadership of the late Nobel Laureate Abdus Salam of Pakistan by a group of distinguished scientists who were determined to do something about the dismal state of scientific research in developing countries .
The town 's population is 52,950 (/O2006/O) with a catchment population of 71,700 (/O2001/O) .
Ansoo Lake is a high-altitude lake ( elevation 13,540 feet or 4,126 metres ) in the Kaghan Valley in the Mansehra District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
New York , North Yorkshire
It has long , pointed ears and a squared-off muzzle .
For example , insulin is a hormone that is synthesized in the body ; it is called a hormone when it is synthesized by the pancreas inside the body , but if it is introduced into the body from outside , it is called a drug .
If the first baby does not go to term , this allows a second baby to start growing right away .
Neapolitan pizza ( pizza napoletana ) : Authentic Neapolitan pizzas are typically made with tomatoes and Mozzarella cheese .
The term napalm is a combination of the names of its derivatives ( coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic , and palmitic acids ) .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 600 .
Boissey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
His short reign was marked by ongoing conflicts with his family , thegns , and especially the Church , under the leadership of Saint Dunstan and Archbishop Odo .
Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938 .
The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined wide-body commercial passenger jet airliner . Developed by Airbus Industrie , a consortium of European aerospace companies , which is now fully-owned by EADS , the A340 is manufactured at Toulouse , France .
Two of these mice , a hesitant Bernard ( Bob Newhart ) and the elegant Miss Bianca ( Eva Gabor ) , set about rescuing Penny ( Michelle Stacy ) , a kidnapped girl , who is being held against her will by treasure seeker Madame Medusa ( Geraldine Page ) .
Ivan Konstantinovich Aivazovsky ( -- Hovhannes Aivasovsky , originally Aivazian , , ) July 29 , 1817 -- May 5 , 1900 ) was a RussianAivazovsky , Ivan -- The Oxford Dictionary of Art , 2004 .
For the moth genus , see Symphyta ( moth genus ) .
The oceanic crust of the sheet is different from its continental crust .
She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 1995 , representing the electorate of South Brisbane .
Among the cultural events in Langnau are the Langnau Jazz Nights and the International Cartoon Festival .
It has also been pronounced as '' Jehovah '' .
'' One Sweet Day '' was a song that Carey wrote with the R&B group Boyz II Men .
T ky T yoko Line - terminus
It is also the capital of the Maseru District .
It is composed of cells derived from the mesoderm and defines the primitive axis of the embryo .
It is analogous to an animal 's skeleton .
The Ohio legislature mandated that a county seat be established . '' Lima '' was the result .
Known as a Flame Pokémon , Charizard are violent yet honorable creatures that fly proudly around the sky and constantly seek powerful opponents to quarrel with .
She gained popularity through her 1996 debut album Tidal , especially with the Grammy Award-winning single '' Criminal '' and its music video .
It evolved from the western variety of the Greek alphabet called the Cumaean alphabet , which was borrowed and modified by the Etruscans who ruled early Rome , whose alphabet was then adapted and further modified by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language .
He obtained several degrees ( including an B.A. from George Washington University , Harvard University , and a Ph.D. from Princeton University ) and became so Westernized that he began writing his name in the Western manner , with the personal name preceding the family name .
It was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision in 2001 for the Nintendo GameCube , Game Boy Color , PlayStation 2 , and PlayStation .
The Khao Luang and the Banthat mountain range are the sources of the two main rivers of the province , the Trang River and the Palian River .
Economy Tuaca liqueur is produced in Livorno as is Galliano .
The Scarlet Letter was published in 1850 , followed by a succession of other novels .
Variants of the 1970s often have little or no concavity , whereas 1980s models have deeper concavities and steeper kicktails .
January & ndash ; The Mongol Army under Jochi captures the city of Gurganj ( now Kunya-Urgench ) , and massacres the inhabitants , reported by contemporary scholars as being over a million killed , although probably only a fifth or a tenth of that in reality .
The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between the Republic of India and Islamic Republic Of Pakistan , brokered by the World Bank ( then the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ) .
He received his first music lessons from his mother , who was a singer , and began composing at an early age .
Alice in Chains is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1987 by guitarist Jerry Cantrell and original lead vocalist Layne Staley .
The class includes prescription CNS drugs commonly used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
The United States Secretary of Commerce and Labor was the head of the department .
Burn Burn is the seventh and most recent studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , released in North America on July 21 , 2009 .
In 2001 , the North Magnetic Pole was determined by the Geological Survey of Canada to lie near Ellesmere Island in northern Canada at .
Nature 387:253 -260 ( 1997 ) 1998 , Costanza et al. .
A Broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses , e.g. magical and punitive .
Dream Theater is an American progressive metal band formed in 1985 under the name Majesty by John Petrucci , John Myung , and former drummer Mike Portnoy while they attended Berklee College of Music in Massachusetts , which they consequently dropped out of to further concentrate on the band which would ultimately become Dream Theater .
After that , the fibres are sent to the Kathmandu Valley for the making of high end rugs with a textural quality similar to silk .
We will never know ; we are stuck with our interval .
A few other less well-known Soviet composers also wrote symphonies in this key , such as Eshpai , Janis Ivanovs ( fourth symphony Atlantis , 1941 ) , Ovchinnikov and Myaskovsky .
It was mentioned for the first time in 1233 in the deed of donation by King Andrew II .
The offering involved the sale of about one billion shares , and the company now has the largest shareholder base of any company listed in Hong Kong .
for Windows 95 that year .
In Classical times , the peninsula was called Akté ( ) ( sometimes Acte or Akte ) .
Nordic skiing is a winter sport that encompasses all types of skiing where the heel of the boot can not be fixed to the ski , as opposed to Alpine skiing .
The Nazis devised the Enabling Act to gain complete political power without the need of the support of a majority in the Reichstag and without the need to bargain with their coalition partners .
The RIFA was accidentally introduced into the United States aboard a South American cargo ship that docked at the port of Mobile , Alabama , in the 1930s , but now infests the majority of the Southern and Southwestern United States .
The first two albums , Soli Deo Gloria and 7 were a similar style of electropop and EBM .
Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels , known as Super Mario Bros. 2 in Japan , is a platforming video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Family Computer Disk System .
Fampoux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is situated 15 km southwest of Freiburg .
Liga I Frutti Fresh is the official name of the top division of the Romanian football league system .
Sir James Chadwick CH FRS ( 20 October 1891 & ndash ; 24 July 1974 ) was an English Nobel laureate in physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron .
Mensa is the largest and oldest high-IQ society in the world .
Copernicus writes Commentariolus , and moves the sun to the center of the solar system .
If Kirby touches an enemy or a dangerous object , he takes a point of damage , and if all of his hit points are lost or he falls off the bottom of the screen , the player loses a life .
In addition , in India , Gandhi 's call for protest against the Rowlatt act achieved an unprecedented response of furious unrest and protests .
Oklahoma ( ) is a state located in the South Central region of the United States of America .
Teams that participated in the inaugural season were the Philippine Patriots , Thailand Tigers , SM BritAma , Kuala Lumpur Dragons , Brunei Barracudas and former National Basketball League ( Australia ) team the Singapore Slingers .
Henry II ( 5 March 1133 -- 6 July 1189 ) , ruled as King of England ( 1154 -- 1189 ) , Count of Anjou , Count of Maine , Duke of Normandy , Duke of Aquitaine , Duke of Gascony , Count of Nantes , Lord of Ireland and , at various times , controlled parts of Wales , Scotland and western France .
Larsen is considered to be the strongest chess player ever born in Denmark , and strongest in Scandinavia at least until the emergence of Magnus Carlsen .
Rocks also ranked # 176 on Rolling Stones list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time .
Aurora is the Latin word for dawn , the goddess of dawn in Roman mythology and Latin poetry .
Anguids are carnivorous or insectivorous , and inhabit a wide range of different habitats .
The Central Time Zone is in the Americas and observes standard time by subtracting six hours from UTC during standard time ( UTC -- 6 ) and five hours during daylight saving time ( UTC -- 5 ) .
As standard in Pakistani English , large values of rupees are counted in terms of thousands , lakh ( 100 thousand , in digits 1,00,000 ) and crore ( 10 million , in digits 1,00,00,000 ) .
Logical systems can be seen as a formal language with additional constructs , like proof calculi , which define a consequence relation .
During his 24 years as coach at the University of Oregon , the track and field team had a winning season every season but one , attained 4 NCAA titles , and finished in the top 10 in the nation 16 times .
Moorland , Somerset
American Indian College , Phoenix
Amin is famous for expelling all Asians , mainly from India and Pakistan , from Uganda .
Organization continued and by the very early morning hours on September 6 , a tropical depression formed .
The intensely bright disk of the Sun is replaced by the dark silhouette of the Moon , and the much fainter corona is visible .
In 2009 , a dispute developed regarding the FDA considering Cheerios an '' unapproved new drug '' because of its marketing and health claims .
It purported to be the life of Jeremias Gotthelf , narrated by himself , and this name was later adopted by the author as his pen name .
In October 1987 , on its 100th anniversary , the name was changed to The Yamaha Corporation .
Histories differ over the start and end dates of the Hundred Days ; another popular period is from 1 March , when Napoleon Bonaparte landed in France , to his defeat at Waterloo on 18 June .
Canton , North Carolina
Monroe enrolled at UCLA in 1951 where she studied literature and art appreciation , and appeared in several minor films playing opposite such long-established performers as Mickey Rooney , Constance Bennett , June Allyson , Dick Powell and Claudette Colbert .
Their more recent songs tend to combine melodic and catchy choruses with heavy guitar riffs .
In 2007 , Bessonova became world champion at the World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championship in Patras winning the all-around gold medal .
To produce the desired end-product ammonia , the hydrogen is then catalytically reacted with nitrogen ( derived from process air ) to form anhydrous liquid ammonia .
Labor also currently governs in each state and territory except for Western Australia .
A final ice age covered Britain between around 70,000 and 10,000 years ago with an extreme cold snap between 22,000 and 13,000 years ago called the Dimlington stadial ( with the Last Glacial Maximum at around 20,000 years ago ) .
In 1995 , he played the comic book based title character Judge Dredd , who was taken from the British comic book 2000 AD in the film of the same name .
Golf is defined , in the rules of golf , as '' playing a ball with a club from the teeing ground into the hole by a stroke or successive strokes in accordance with the Rules . ''
'' I Want It All '' was composed by Brian May in 1987 .
In 1661 , Koxinga forced a landing at Luerhmen ( ) , Taiwan .
Shortened form of Dorothy ( 3 ) The solution to this crossword is : 1B 9A 2A .
The Soldier may be found in a variety of open , subtropical habitats such as citrus groves , weedy water edges where host plants occur , dry fields , etc. and in New Mexico .
Naismith 's contributions to basketball have earned him several posthumous honors , such as in the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame .
Dera Ghazi Khan ( Saraiki , ) is a city located in Dera Ghazi Khan District , Punjab , Pakistan .
'' Como La Flor '' ( ) is a song by Mexican-American singer Selena , from her third studio album , Entre a Mi Mundo (/O1992/O) .
These innovations have continued with the advent of modern materials and computer-aided design , allowing for a proliferation of specialized bicycle types .
Sorrus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Several of these red blood cell surface antigens that stem from one allele ( or very closely linked genes ) , collectively form a blood group system .
Along with her sister , de Havilland is one of the last surviving female stars from 1930s Hollywood .
Expansion or redevelopment of such a facility may be complicated by real or perceived environmental contaminations .
A man known as Trapper Nelson homesteaded on the banks of the Loxahatchee River after coming to the area in the 1930s , living off the land trapping and selling furs .
Day , honoring Martin Luther King , Jr. , is observed .
Basly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
without a world title .
He was part of a team of physicists working on the Manhattan Project .
Luna , the Roman incarnation of Selene , the goddess of the moon in Greek mythology
Its capital is the city of Arezzo .
Yahiro Kazama ( born October 16 , 1961 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football manager and former player .
A fumarole ( Latin fumus , smoke ) is an opening in Earth 's ( or any other astronomical body 's ) crust , often in the neighborhood of volcanoes , which emits steam and gases such as carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , hydrochloric acid , and hydrogen sulfide .
As a result , Molson became the largest brewery in Canada and the fifth largest in the world .
Geography The district was located in the Ore Mountains ( German Erzgebirge ) .
'' Anarchy in the U.K. '' is a song by the English punk rock band The Sex Pistols .
It is situated 23.7 miles ( 38.1 km ) north west of Charing Cross making it the farthest Underground station from central London and the second most westerly station on the whole London Underground system , after .
Its brightness at these rare near-perihelion oppositions makes Bamberga the brightest C-type asteroid , roughly one magnitude brighter than 10 Hygiea 's maximum brightness of around +9.1 .
Muzzano is a municipality in the district of Lugano , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
The city is served by Pago Pago International Airport .
All that is known of Zephaniah comes from the text .
Among the criticisms raised towards the initial version of the Atari 5200 is that it is fully incompatible with the software library of the Atari 2600 . However , a revised 2 port model of the 5200 along with an Atari 2600 game adapter was released in 1983 , allowing it to play all Atari 2600 games .
In 1936 Sergei Prokofiev was commissioned by Natalya Sats and the Central Children 's Theatre in Moscow to write a new musical symphony for children .
Since about 1990 , the game port has usually been integrated with a PC I\/O or sound card , either ISA or PCI , or as an on-board feature of some motherboards ; before that , it was usually on a dedicated ISA card .
His son was installed as King Letsie III .
It runs several sports clubs and teams in Haifa , which competed in a variety of sports over the years , such as : Football , Weightlifting , swimming , Tennis , Table tennis , Volleyball , Team handball , Water polo , Ice hockey , Artistic gymnastics , Chess , Boxing , Fencing and others .
M Randall .
Coeuve is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Nickel Creek is an American acoustic music trio .
Early life Hackman was born in San Bernardino , California , the son of Lyda ( née Gray ) and Eugene Ezra Hackman .
Stevens first began releasing his music on the Asthmatic Kitty label , which he formed with his stepfather , beginning with the 2000 release A Sun Came .
Jupiter has 63 named natural satellites .
If the Scottish Cup winners have qualified for the UEFA Champions League , the final UEFA Europa League place is given to the runner-up .
In November 1999 Aziz became the Finance Minister with responsibility for Finance , Economic Affairs , Statistics , Planning and Development , and Revenue Divisions .
They lived in Epsom , Surrey where Henry was Clerk of Epsom Racecourse .
He was widely criticized in the US and Israel for agreeing to pull UN troops out of the Sinai in 1967 in response to a request from Egyptian president Nasser .
McLean was born in West Palm Beach , Florida to his mother , Denise Fernandez , and father Bob McLean .
Himmler was disturbed enough by the rumors , and the implication of poor security at the camps , that he emphasized that all corpses should be cremated or buried as quickly as possible .
Stallone 's other first few film roles were minor , and included brief uncredited appearances in Woody Allen 's Bananas ( 1971 ) as a subway thug , in the psychological thriller Klute ( 1971 ) as an extra dancing in a club , and in the Jack Lemmon film The Prisoner of Second Avenue ( 1975 ) as a youth .
Classical ballet is the most methodical of the ballet styles ; it adheres to traditional ballet technique . There are variations relating to area of origin , such as Russian ballet , French ballet , Danish Bournonville ballet and Italian ballet , although most ballet of the last two centuries is ultimately founded on the teachings of Blasis .
The British Royal Navy is commonly referred to as the '' Royal Navy '' both in the United Kingdom and other countries .
They signed an oath of allegiance in their own blood which Berlinsky retained .
The marriage lasted for the rest of his life .
According to the primary definition found in most dictionaries , acronyms examples include , NATO ( ) , scuba ( ) , and radar ( ) , while examples of initialisms would include FBI ( ) and HTML ( ) .
Finally , one Teletubby says goodbye a fourth time ; they pop out of a hole in the house and say '' Bye-bye ! '' .
Before the 19th century the Highlands was home to a much larger population , but due to a combination of factors including the outlawing of the traditional Highland way of life following the Jacobite Rising of 1745 , the infamous Highland Clearances , and mass migration to urban areas during the Industrial Revolution , the area is now one of the most sparsely populated in Europe .
His father , Ferdinando , was a clarinetist and man-about-town .
Sainte-Florence is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Glanville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
San Diego Gas & Electric , Sundesert Nuclear Power Plant Collection In 1981 , some 1,900 anti-nuclear activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth and feared lost until its rediscovery in Mexico in 2007 .
A new depot was built on Whitegate Drive in Marton .
Europe ( excluding France , Germany , Italy , Spain , Turkey , and United Kingdom ) - Sportfive ; rights in each country to be resold to local broadcastersIOC agrees European broadcast rights contract for 2014 and 2016 Olympic Games , 18 February 2009
He made many recordings throughout his career , of solo , chamber , and orchestral music , also as conductor , but Casals is perhaps best remembered for the recording of the Bach Cello Suites he made from 1936 to 1939 .
A non-governmental organization ( NGO ) is a legally constituted organization created by natural or legal persons that operates independently from any government and a term usually used by governments to refer to entities that have no government status .
Players are also able to record and replay their games at a later time .
Marles-les-Mines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
NTFS is the standard file system of Windows NT , including its later versions Windows 2000 , Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 .
It encompasses one of the largest metropolitan areas in the United Kingdom and comprises ten metropolitan boroughs : Bolton , Bury , Oldham , Rochdale , Stockport , Tameside , Trafford , Wigan , and the cities of Manchester and Salford .
'' Stark Raving Dad '' is the premiere of the third season of American animated television series The Simpsons .
Following the buy , Golden Wonder have re-established another line of pot noodles called ` The Nation 's Noodles ' alongside those by Unilever .
He was a pupil of Pavel Tchistyakov at the Imperial Academy of Arts , but later allied himself with the group of artists known as the Peredvizhniki .
Knoxville is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
Under Domitian and Trajan , the guard took part in wars from Dacia to Mesopotamia , while with Marcus Aurelius , years were spent on the Danubian frontier .
Bruce Schneier thought highly of IDEA in 1996 , writing , '' In my opinion , it is the best and most secure block algorithm available to the public at this time . ''
Seeking to maintain the post-war status quo in the West , Chamberlain responded favourably to the approaches of the German Foreign Minister Gustav Stresemann for a British guarantee of Germany 's western borders .
The principal residence , Palazzo Piccolomini , is on the east side .
Most Wikipedians will appreciate your honesty .
Lancet arch The simplest shape is the long opening with a pointed arch known in England as the lancet .
International distribution of New Line films will revert to Warner Bros. after third-party distribution contracts expire ( no timeframe has been set for this yet ) .
is a 2004 American adventure comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich .
In financial markets , a share is a unit of account for various financial instruments including stocks ( ordinary or preferential ) , and investments in limited partnerships , and REIT 's .
A female mule that has estrus cycles and thus , in theory , could carry a fetus is called a '' molly '' or '' Molly mule , '' though the term is sometimes used to refer to female mules in general .
The planet formed 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within a billion years .
is the head of government of Ireland .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Since 2000 the population has grown to 35,703 .
Joseph of Arimathea , a member of the Sanhedrin and secret follower of Jesus , who had not consented to his condemnation , goes to Pilate to request the body of Jesus .
A party is a public or private social gathering .
Raymell '' Ray '' Rice ( born January 22 , 1987 in ) is an American football running back for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Mario then sets out to rescue her from Tatanga , traveling through the four geographical areas of Sarasaland and defeating Tatanga 's minions along the way , as well as finding monsters that pretend to be Daisy in order to fool Mario . Mario finally corners Tatanga in the skies of the Chai kingdom , bringing down his alien warship and rescuing Daisy .
List of Romance languages , including information from Ethnologue.com .
In cryptography , the EFF DES cracker ( nicknamed '' Deep Crack '' ) is a machine built by the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) in 1998 to perform a brute force search of DES cipher 's key space - that is , to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key .
P ltinoasa is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Bel then marches against him with a massive force , but Hayk is warned by Kadmos of his approach .
It was closed in 1932 and converted into a hotel which functioned until 1980s .
Terrestrial Ecoregions of North America : a Conservation Assessment .
They are mutated Kaleds integrated within a tank-like or robot-like mechanical casing .
Ocourt is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Chuck Norris Facts followed facts based on actors Vin Diesel , Mr. T , and Bob Saget .
Sargent was chief conductor of the Proms from 1948 until his death in 1967 and of the BBC Symphony Orchestra from 1950 to 1957 , succeeding Sir Adrian Boult .
Freak the Mighty is a young adult fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick .
Carlos Eduardo Soares or simply Ataliba ( born March 2 , 1979 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Barium peroxide is a peroxide , containing O22 subunits wherein the oxygen atoms bond to each other as well as to the barium .
About wikiHow In March 2009 , wikiHow had 16.2 million unique readers .
According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005 , the city had a population of 13,436 .
This may have started because many prominent broadcast personalities -- such as Walter Cronkite , Johnny Carson , David Letterman , Tom Brokaw , John Madden , Rush Limbaugh and Casey Kasem -- came from this region and so created this perception .
Ben Jonson 's poem ` On the Famous Voyage ' ( discussed in Andrew McRae 's article , cited below ) provides a mock-epic account of a journey along the excrement-lined ditch during the early seventeenth century .
Belle Plaine is a city in Benton County , Iowa , United States .
However , this is considerably less than the first film which earned $ 320,689,294 worldwide .
is the second studio album by the band Panic at the Disco , released on the record label Fueled by Ramen .
At the reward challenge , the castaways were split into three teams , and Bruce , Aras , and Sally ended up victorious .
Countryside is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
February 13 -- William III and Mary II are proclaimed co-rulers of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Rowan is a city in Wright County , Iowa , United States .
The UK doner kebab often uses a different mixture of spices , because immigrants from Cyprus operate a major proportion of the takeaways .
The scale ranked sexual behavior from 0 to 6 , with 0 being completely heterosexual and 6 completely homosexual .
Monterey was the first widely promoted and heavily attended rock festival , attracting an estimated 55,000 total attendees with up to 90,000 people present at the event 's peak at midnight on Sunday .
The Ernestines also retained the title of Elector .
Opera buffa was a parallel development to opera seria and arose in reaction to the so-called first reform of Zeno and Metastasio .
Alfreton is a town and civil parish in Amber Valley , Derbyshire , England , adjoining the Bolsover and North East Derbyshire districts .
As with Final Fantasy X , an expanded international version was produced for Final Fantasy X-2 .
Franklin eventually became extratropical near Newfoundland on July 30 , before being absorbed by a larger system .
'' In My Place '' is a song by English alternative rock band Coldplay .
Bottenwil is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Themisto was first discovered by Charles T. Kowal and Elizabeth Roemer on September 30 , 1975 , reported on October 3 , 1975 , and designated ' .
The Lachlan River is a significant river in central New South Wales , Australia .
On September 22 , 1911 , Young shut out the Pittsburgh Pirates , 1 0 , for his last career victory .
In 1812 , the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway opened , mainly to carry coal from the area to the harbor at Troon , but also carrying passengers .
The original Game Boy and Game Boy Color combined sold 118.69 million units worldwide .
Since 1938 , the chapel of the Royal Victorian Order has been the Queen 's Chapel of the Savoy , in central London , England .
Survivor : Pearl Islands was released on DVD on February 7 , 2006 .
Holiday 's autobiography , Lady Sings the Blues , was ghostwritten by William Dufty and published in 1956 .
Eudora Alice Welty ( April 13 , 1909 & ndash ; July 23 , 2001 ) was an American author who wrote short stories and novels about the American South .
Valsemé is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Commerzbank Tower is a skyscraper located in the city centre of Frankfurt , Germany .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) is a federal law enforcement agency under the United States Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , responsible for identifying , investigating , and dismantling vulnerabilities regarding the nation 's border , economic , transportation , and infrastructure security . The largest components within DHS are Homeland Security Investigations ( HSI ) and Enforcement & Removal Operations ( ERO ) .
Tigny-Noyelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The sea is technically a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water .
Gloucester Cathedral , or the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity , in Gloucester , England , stands in the north of the city near the river .
Unlike the degree Fahrenheit and degree Celsius , the kelvin is not referred to as a '' degree '' , nor is it typeset with a degree symbol ; that is , it is written K and not K/O. The kelvin and the degree Celsius are often used together , as they have the same interval , and 0 kelvin is 273.15 degrees Celsius .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town and Local government area ( see Gunnedah Shire Council ) in north-eastern New South Wales , Australia .
However , hunting and introduced predators , such as Small Asian Mongooses , pigs , and cats , reduced the population to 30 birds by 1952 .
A 2010 study concluded that taking folic acid ( B9 ) , Vitamins B6 and B12 may slow brain atrophy in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment ( MCI ) .
Coulaines is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
He apparently spent some time in a mental hospital in Kislovodsk in July 1933 , ostensibly a result of depression born of his final acceptance that he would never be allowed to edit the Mexican footage , turned over by Sinclair to Hollywood editors , who would irreparably alter the negatives .
Eight teams participated in the first tournament : Australia , England , the West Indies , Pakistan , India , and New Zealand ( the six Test nations at the time ) , with Sri Lanka and a composite team from East Africa .
It was a royal residence for a short time only , when Frederick , Prince of Wales , father of King George III , lived there 1737-1741 , after his marriage in 1736 to Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha , daughter of Frederick II , Duke of Saxe-Gotha .
Fair territory between home plate and the outfield boundary is baseball 's field of play , though significant events can take place in foul territory , as well .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
English translations of the Bible commonly referred to burning sulfur as '' brimstone '' , giving rise to the name of ` fire-and-brimstone ' sermons , in which listeners are reminded of the fate of eternal damnation that await the unbelieving and unrepentant .
UCIL 's investigation team found no evidence of the necessary connection ; however , the investigation was totally controlled by the government denying UCC investigators access to the tank or interviews with the operators .
The 9000 , Saab 's first executive car , was released in 1985 .
Stainless steel and titanium mouthpieces hold many advantages to the classic brass mouthpiece , including , anecdotally , a much more centered feel and sound , as stainless steel and titanium do not absorb as many vibrations as brass ; they require much less care ; etc. , but they are much more expensive ( titanium mouthpieces run up to about $ 400 each ) .
The ingredients for butterscotch are similar to toffee , but for butterscotch the sugar is boiled to the soft crack stage , and not hard crack as with toffee .
Immediately after the elections he merged Shlomtzion with the Likud and became Minister of Agriculture .
It has been argued that this change came at the insistence of Edgeworth 's father , rather than the author herself , because her father edited several of her works .
Most people now use granulated or liquid instant substitutes .
Blog on the History of Cheers However , Cheers eventually became a highly rated television show in the United States , earning a top-ten rating during eight of its eleven seasons , including one season at # 1 , and spending the bulk of its run on NBC 's '' Must See Thursday '' lineup .
For each round i = 0,1 , dots , n , compute
As Celestial Being and its Gundam Meisters begin their final mission to save humanity from an unimaginable threat , the Extraterrestrial Living-metal Shape-shifters ( ELS ) , Gundam Meister Setsuna F. Seiei is about to discover the true purpose of his evolution as an Innovator and the nature of the '' dialogues '' for which Aeolia Schenberg 's plan had prepared the human race .
Wynton Learson Marsalis ( born October 18 , 1961 ) is a trumpeter , composer , bandleader , music educator , and Artistic Director of Jazz at Lincoln Center .
The city of Gadsden is the county seat of Etowah County in the State of Alabama , and it is located about 65 miles northeast of Birmingham , Alabama .
Buverchy is an unincorporated city in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Currently , they hold the record of having the highest overall single sales ( of a female group ) on the Oricon charts .
Camarsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Manx is taught as a second language at all of the island 's primary and secondary schools and also at the Isle of Man College and Centre for Manx Studies .
The island of Ireland lies only 30 kilometres ( 20 mi ) from the southwestern peninsula of Kintyre ; Norway is 305 kilometres ( 190 mi ) to the east and the Faroes , 270 kilometres ( 168 mi ) to the north .
April 22 & ndash ; The first of the Statutes of Westminster are passed by the English Parliament , establishing a series of laws in its 51 clauses , including equal treatment of rich and poor , free and fair elections , and definition of bailable and non-bailable offenses .
Yumi Matsutoya , formerly known by her maiden name Yumi Arai , also became a notable singer/songwriter during this period by the variety of sounds she produced .
The object struck by the Explorer made a reported 10 b gash in the hull which allowed water to enter .
He became the Pakistan Army 's first native Commander in Chief in 1951 , and was the youngest full general and self-appointed 5 star rank Field Marshal in Pakistan 's military history .
Surrounding municipalities are Sturno , Villamaina , Frigento , Fontanarosa , Grottaminarda .
The Western European Union ( WEU ; French : Union de l'Europe occidentale , UEO ) will be until June 2011 an international organization tasked with implementing the Modified Treaty of Brussels ( 1954 ) , an amended version of the original 1948 Treaty of Brussels .
The yak ( Bos grunniens ) ( ) is a long-haired bovine found throughout the Himalayan region of south Central Asia , the Tibetan Plateau and as far north as Mongolia .
Management can also refer to the person or people who perform the act ( s ) of management .
The '' New '' or '' Experimental '' form of philosophy was generally ill-regarded by the Aristotelian academies , but had been promoted by Sir Francis Bacon in his book The New Atlantis .
There are several simple methods that can be used to help determine if an article has potential , even if it is relatively short .
They are produced in different colors , some of which have changed over the years .
While awarding a barnstar , remember to provide relevant and polite text as to why you are awarding it .
While this event has no practical effect , the sautier issues a formal press release and the local newspaper will usually mention the news .
She is a native of Abba , Nigeria , in Njikoka Local Government Area of Anambra state , Southeast Nigeria .
The general type of instruction is given by the op ( operation ) field , the highest 6 bits .
Following the Partition of India in 1947 , Dhaka became the capital of East Pakistan .
The lower boundary ( starting point ) has not been officially recognized by the International Commission on Stratigraphy , but it is usually set to 3.8 Ga , at the end of the Hadean Eon .
He criticised the Poor Laws , and ( alone among important contemporary economists ) supported the Corn Laws , which introduced a system of taxes on British imports of wheat .
Kenta Hoshihara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
His autobiography is titled Notes Sans Musique ( Notes Without Music ) , later revised as Ma Vie Heureuse ( My Happy Life ) .
A sequel entitled The Starlight Barking continues from the end of the first novel .
It has in the past hosted exhibition rounds of the D1 Grand Prix both in and .
Early on August 19 after entering Oklahoma , the remnants of Erin suddenly re-intensified to maximum sustained winds of 60 mph ( 95 km/h ) a short distance west of Oklahoma City .
In the early European Middle Ages , kite shields were commonly used ; these were rounded at the top and tapered at the bottom .
Music Player ( MP3 , AAC , AAC + , WMA , RA )
Near the end of this period , flowring plants developed more and became more common on the Earth .
Number Two has an important offensive role of either running through and scoring themself , or passing to the number one and getting in behind them .
They also enable the automatic configuration of the User Interface of the word processing software , with features such as autocompletion , toolbars , thesaurus , and spelling options .
He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , Pro Wrestling Zero-One , and various independent promotions , winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003 .
The HTST pasteurization standard was designed to achieve a 5-log reduction , killing 99.999 % of the number of viable micro-organisms in milk .
The club was founded in 1892 by the merger of Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End , and have played at their current home ground , St James ' Park , since the merger .
However , this is not universal , as the Lord of Mann and female Lord Mayors are examples of women who are styled ` lord ' .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
_ Cloud _ ( film )
At the start of the series , a test flight involving an experimental spacecraft goes awry , propelling Crichton through a wormhole to a distant part of the universe .
The Golgi apparatus ( also called the Golgi body , Golgi complex , dictyosome , or more colloquially Golgi ) is an organelle found in most eukaryotic cells .
Since opening in May 1998 , the studio has been involved in the production of a number of blockbusters , including The Matrix , Moulin Rouge !
The British Rail Class 203 , initially classified 6B , was a type of diesel electric train .
Although Kriol and Spanish are spoken among the population , Belize is the only country in Central America where English is the official language .
The album also won the band a 2003 Swedish Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance .
Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Print Edge Famitsu GamePro Game Informer Nintendo Power Official PlayStation Magazine Official Xbox Magazine Play PC Gamer Trade publications Print - Game Developer Magazine Online - Gamasutra The largest games trade magazine ( circ 35 000 ) , and its associated website .
He had famous memory lapses in concert ( particularly notable from the 1940s onwards , when non-musical matters were very much on his mind ) and occasionally left wrong notes on his records .
In the early years of the war , a tram went round Southampton for two hours twice a week , with a military band playing on the top deck , in an effort to boost recruitment .
Once the player arrived , they must dive down to retrieve a sake bottle .
She was also voted the league 's most valuable player , the CWHL Top Forward and a CWHL First Team All-Star .
Special pages often take arguments .
The provincial capital is the city of Alessandria .
Forced induction , with combustion engines , is the use of a gas compressor added to the air intake
When President Cleveland married Frances Folsom , Rose resigned and began a career in education .
Rhenium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Re and atomic number 75 .
Shock may refer to :
The CFL was officially founded in 1958 .
A disk-shaped doughnut can also be stretched and pinched into a torus until the center breaks to form a hole .
It was the top grossing picture of 1929 , and won the Academy Award for Best Picture .
Terry ended up victorious with his second individual immunity win in a row .
After the Estonian War of Independence , the Estonian language became the state language of the newly independent country .
It is located about 10 km north of the city limits of Munich , and has a population of 27,106 ( December 31 , 2007 ) .
Further attacks on the troops of the Khan of Tandwal , who remained loyal , followed .
Shigemaru Takenokoshi ( February 15 , 1906 & ndash ; October 6 , 1980 ) was a Japanese football player and manager .
This is not a true goiter , which is caused by the enlargement of the thyroid gland .
In 1526 the population were converted to Lutheranis .
Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and aroma .
In 1867 after the Civil War , the Creek Indians adopted a constitution which divided their nation into six districts .
Tipis are stereotypically associated with Native Americans in general but Native Americans from places other than the Great Plains used different types of dwellings .
Spiny Mice as Exotic Pets Though African spiny mice originated in the deserts of Africa , they are frequently kept as exotic pets in other parts of the world , particularly Western nations such as the United States .
Portraiture is tinged with naturalism , under the influence of Roman art .
Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , with a population of 14,726 inhabitants ( 2007 - IBGE ) .
The Chinese Wikipedia ( wéij b ik ) is the Chinese language edition of Wikipedia , run by the Wikimedia Foundation .
( ) is the capital of Hiroshima Prefecture , and the largest city in the Ch goku region of western Honsh , the largest island of Japan .
With veteran coach Carlos Timoteo Griguol at the helm , Gimnasia took second place in the 1995 Clausura tournament , and repeated the performance in 1996 and 1998 .
Successive administrations tried to stabilize the imperial economy by freezing the social structure into place : sons were to succeed their fathers in their trade , councillors were forbidden to resign , and coloni , the cultivators of land , were not to move from the land they were attached to .
Mount Carmel is an active cemetery , located within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago .
On May 5 , 1961 , astronaut Alan Shepard -- one of the seven Project Mercury astronauts selected as pilot for this mission -- became the first American in space when he piloted Freedom 7 on a 15-minute suborbital flight .
Official prizes often involve monetary rewards as well as the fame that comes with them .
The actual site of Buretsu 's grave is not known . This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Nara .
Helmut Kremers ( born 24 March 1949 ) is a former German football player .
honorary governor .
Overall , Levesque has won 23 championships in WWE , including thirteen World Championships , having won the WWE Championship eight times , and the World Heavyweight Championship five times ( Triple H is also recognized as the first World Heavyweight Champion under WWE 's lineage ) .
The first step for each city was to submit an initial application to the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) by 13 September 2007 , confirming their intention to bid .
A constant state of war had led to rampant crime , falling agricultural production , and the virtual disappearance of trade .
However , the Giant Panda still has the digestive system of a carnivore and does not have the ability to digest cellulose efficiently , and thus derives little energy and little protein from consumption of bamboo .
It is located about 45 km ( 30 miles ) -- a thirty-minute train ride -- southeast of fellow Hanseatic city Hamburg .
Because of some of the song lyrics , most notably on '' Hands All Over '' ( ) and '' Big Dumb Sex '' , the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album 's release .
Plot summary Rusty was an ordinary house cat who dreamed of living in the wild , catching his own prey and sleeping under the stars .
All the driver had to do was select low , medium or full speed ( called '' shunt '' , '' series '' and '' parallel '' from the way the motors were connected in the resistance circuit ) and the automatic equipment would do the rest .
Within the North Slope , only a surface '' active layer '' of the tundra thaws each season ; most of the soil is permanently frozen year-round .
All three were found floating in the bay with their hands and feet bound , concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths . Autopsies indicated the women had been thrown into the water one by one while still alive .
By the Late Eocene ( 46 million years ago ) , the three modern suborders had already developed : Suina ( the pig group ) ; Tylopoda ( the camel group ) ; and Ruminantia ( the goat and cattle group ) .
Judgment Day ( 2009 ) , a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , took place on May 17 , 2009 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Herly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Symbolism Shield The shield itself consists of many components .
Manitoba ( ) is a prairie province in Canada and has an area of .
Armando Anthony '' Chick '' Corea ( born June 12 , 1941 ) is an American jazz pianist , virtuoso keyboardist , and composer .
Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners , now and at the hour of our death .
While doing summer work in 1982 at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole , Massachusetts , using the sea urchin ( Arbacia punctulata ) egg as his model organism , he discovered the cyclin molecule .
Originally called Sugar Pops in 1951 , and then Sugar Corn Pops , the name was changed to '' Corn Pops '' and then , in January of 2006 , the name of the cereal was changed to Pops only to be changed back to Corn Pops several months later .
Second-class citizenry is generally regarded as a violation of human rights .
DateFormat = x.y
This quickly changed at the onset of World War II , when Huntsville was chosen as the location of Redstone Arsenal , with chemical and munitions manufacturing plants .
The coat was not modified even after Soest no longer fell within the jurisdiction of Cologne .
Hitler 's travel through Austria became a triumphal tour that climaxed in Vienna , on 2 April 1938 , when around 200,000 Austrians gathered on the Heldenplatz ( Square of Heroes ) to hear Hitler proclaim the Austrian Anschluss .
The Society was originally formed by tramway enthusiasts , mainly living in the Glasgow area , with a view to preserve a Glasgow '' Room and Kitchen '' type single deck tramcar ( which is now preserved in the Glasgow Museum of Transport ) .
It is a remastered version of Ubuntu made with Reconstructor .
Instead of being based on stratigraphy , this date is defined chronometrically .
Dureil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The first disc contains Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix with a new secret movie and additional battles and items .
The four cardinal directions or cardinal points are the directions of north , south , east , and west , commonly denoted by their initials : N , S , E , W. East and west are at right angles to north and south , with east being in the direction of rotation and west being directly opposite .
During David 's reign the castle was established at the top of what is now Lady Hill .
Tropical cyclone A tropical cyclone is classified as making landfall when the center of the storm moves cross the coast ; in strong tropical cyclones this is when the eye moves over land .
In it , a honeymooning couple rescue a young man from a sinking boat who claims to have lost his companions to food poisoning , but the real story is much less innocent .
The school has a CCF Combined Cadet Force contingent which all of year ten and some of the upper years are involved with .
Nevado del Ruiz lies within the Pacific Ring of Fire , a region that encircles the Pacific Ocean and contains some of the world 's most active volcanoes .
This is unusual for reptiles , because their skin is thick and scaly , but experiments with the black-and-yellow sea snake , Pelamis platurus ( a pelagic species ) , have shown that this species can satisfy about 20 % of its oxygen requirements in this manner , which allows for prolonged dives .
Dodd was named to Grantland Rice 's All American team in 1930 , making him the 2nd granted that honor at Tennessee ( following Gene McEver ) .
Established on April 7 , 1948 , with headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland , the agency inherited the mandate and resources of its predecessor , the Health Organization , which was an agency of the League of Nations .
The Loja Hummingbird ( A. alticola ) , with less rufous to the underparts , is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Amazilia Hummingbird .
The work consists of personal or autobiographic matter , at times expressed in aphorisms and maxims illuminated in terse paragraphs with reflections on the meaning of life and the best way of life .
The wick is usually soaked in alcohol or paraffin , rather than petrol .
That is , any problem in NP can be reduced in polynomial time by a deterministic Turing machine to the problem of determining whether a Boolean formula is satisfiable .
Appa is a fictional character on the Nickelodeon animated television series .
The prosecution entered indictments against 24 major war criminals and six criminal organizations - the leadership of the Nazi party , the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) and Sicherheitsdienst ( SD ) , the Gestapo , the Sturmabteilung ( SA ) and the '' General Staff and High Command , '' comprising several categories of senior military officers .
The record cut at Pye , '' That Day '' , reached number two on the Dutch charts , prevented from reaching number one by The Beatles ' '' Michelle '' .
Any letter can be omitted ( i.e. when it has no entries in the list ) by specifying it as a lower-case blank parameter :
Sergeant Yates , still undercover , seeks employment with Butters . But Yolanda 's pimp , Keyshone , soon appears outside and begs for '' Yolanda '' back , asking for her hand in marriage .
Additionally , over 300 protocarnivorous plant species in several genera show some but not all these characteristics .
A trough turned Erin to the northeast , and after passing just east of Cape Race , Newfoundland it became extratropical on September 15 .
He also proposed an econometric model for censored endogenous variables , the well known '' Tobit model '' .
It is then joined by the Poonch river , and flows into the Mangla Dam reservoir in the district of Mirpur .
In 1873 , the state of New York donated a bronze statue of Clinton to the U.S. Capitol 's National Statuary Hall Collection .
