His appointment as a Privy Councillor that year marked him out as a conservative frontrunner , and when it became clear that Arthur Balfour would resign as Leader of the Conservative Party , Law put his name forward .
Writer 's Block Woman ( and Mouse ) : Jessica Ihimaera-Smiler 's comedy series follows overly-enthusiastic net .
Chris 's father Scott Thile played bass with the group until 2000 , followed by Byron House , and Derek Jones .
The Federal Insurance Agency had closed over 1318 flood insurance cases from Alicia 's aftermath , however only 782 received final payment .
Since its formation , the band 's line-up has included Dexter Holland ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Noodles ( lead and rhythm guitars , backing vocals ) , and Greg K. ( bass , backing vocals ) .
George V ( George Frederick Ernest Albert ; 3 June 1865-20 January 1936 ) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions , and Emperor of India , from 6 May 1910 through the First World War ( 1914 - 1918 ) until his death in 1936 .
Silliman offers programs in the early childhood , elementary , secondary , undergraduate and graduate levels .
Peter Reid ( born 20 June 1956 ) is an English football manager , pundit and retired player , who is currently the manager of Plymouth Argyle .
He is the ninth Triple Crown Champion and the fourth Grand Slam Champion .
Newton-John has been a long-time activist for environmental and animal rights issues .
The bunker was manned at all times in shifts that the Air Force called '' Flights '' .
In the same Census of 1901 , in the Kashmir Valley , the total population was recorded to be 1,157,394 , of which the Muslim population was 1,083,766 , or 93.6 % and the Hindu population 60,641 .
The Hungarian name for the language is magyar ( ) , which is also occasionally used as an English noun , such as Mighty Magyars .
It aims to develop interdisciplinary foundations , which are applicable in a variety of areas , such as engineering , biology , medicine and social sciences .
The University of Kansas ( often referred to as KU or just Kansas ) is a public research university with campuses located in Lawrence , Kansas City , Kansas , and Overland Park , Kansas , with the main campus being located atop Mount Oread in Lawrence .
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently .
Conducted by Riccardo Muti , the opera house re-opened on 7 December 2004 with a production of Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta , the opera which was performed at La Scala 's inauguration in 1778 .
Balto died at the age of 14 .
There are also many local commuter services to parts of East London and Essex .
Such a dedicated section of specific details could be used to provide the NPOV balance , without cluttering the article 's text at the phrase where the idea of bleacing was initially mentioned .
In physics , a surface wave is a mechanical wave that propagates along the interface between differing media , usually two fluids with different densities .
There are 1555 Marilyns identified in Great Britain and surrounding islands : 1215 in Scotland , 178 in England , 157 in Wales and 5 on the Isle of Man .
The Russian-American Company used to own Alaska Territory until selling it after the Crimean War .
Les Vans
Other materials used were linen and hemp , even though a more complex preparation process is required to create cloth from these sources than from wool .
Amaretto ( disambiguation )
Elgin is a former cathedral city and Royal Burgh in Moray , Scotland and is the administrative and commercial center for Moray .
In his well-known novel The Name of the Rose , Umberto Eco named one of the protagonists '' Adso von Melk '' as a tribute to the abbey and its famous library .
Life and work Autolycus was born in Pitane , a town of Aeolis within Western Anatolia .
The latter 's president , Rajat Mazumbar , has said that '' The only authorised body that can run motorsports in the country is ours '' despite the fact the deal has been signed with the Indian Olympic Association .
A total of 162 issues was published . The journal was supported by the European Union and the Leonese public administrations .
Allentown was formally incorporated as a city on March 12 , 1867 .
The synagogue was built in the 17th century to serve the local Jewish population , some of whom were part of the immediate entourage of Emir Fakhreddine II .
Among the Orthodox , he is called '' Blessed Augustine '' , or '' St. Augustine the Blessed '' .
Caesar was the dictator of the Roman Republic at the time , having recently been declared dictator perpetuo by the Senate .
Make links only where they are relevant to the context : It is not useful and can be very distracting to mark all possible words as hyperlinks .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Headquartered in Seattle , Washington , it is America 's largest online retailer , with nearly three times the Internet sales revenue of the runner up , Staples , Inc. , as of January 2010 .
However , with Edge being a member of the Raw brand at the time , the title returned to Raw due to the circumstances .
Kakihara falls from the roof to his death , claiming it is the greatest feeling he has ever had . However , when Jijii finds him , Kakihara has no wound in his head ; he hallucinated Ichi 's attack as he jumped to his death while Ichi cried .
They were badly burnt at the fire of the Glenrowan Hotel .
For provincial and federal elections , Woodstock is included in the riding of Oxford .
The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes .
Vibeke 's children were of course the natural enemies of the children of Kirsten Munk , and the hatred of the two families was not without influence on the future history of Denmark .
It is also an official language of Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , and the de facto official language of the unrecognized country of Transnistria and partially recognized countries of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The passage in Exodus 20 contains more than ten imperative statements , totalling 14 or 15 in all .
This would probably explain the origin of Bunyan 's last name since '' Bonyenne '' is a colloquial French-Canadian expression of surprise and astonishment meaning '' Good Grief '' or '' My Goodness '' .
It is sometimes called '' antbear '' , '' anteater '' , '' Cape anteater '' ( after the Cape of Good Hope ) , '' earth hog '' or '' earth pig '' .
Life and Habitat Alpine newts typically inhabit forests with good access to water in hilly to mountainous regions .
In 1989 , the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra elected Abbado as their chief conductor , to succeed Herbert von Karajan , a post he held until 2002 .
Death By Stereo
Its crude oil production comes primarily from Libya , Egypt , Nigeria , the Congo , the North Sea , and Angola , with smaller amounts of crude oil production in Tunisia and in the United States .
Ted Strickland ( born August 4 , 1941 ) is an American politician of the Democratic party , and the current governor of the state of Ohio .
Ian Rilen from Band of Light joined on bass guitar .
Port Orange is a city in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
Cazalis is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The final was between the team of Eddie Guerrero and Tajiri , and the team of Team Angle ( Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin ) in a ladder match for the WWE Tag Team Championship .
There is also a Silver Gloves amateur tournament , which is for amateur pugilists age 8 to 15 years old .
This article is about all reflecting pools , for the two named reflecting pools see Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool and Capitol Reflecting Pool .
Over 8 million Tibetans and related peoples speak one of several related Tibetan languages .
Ciprian Porumbescu is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
It extends some 1250 km ( 775 miles ) from Mexicali , Baja California , in the north to Cabo San Lucas , Baja California Sur , in the south , separating the Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California ( or '' Sea of Cortés '' ) .
The article said that Essjay spent some 14 hours or more a day on Wikipedia but was careful to keep his online life a secret from his colleagues and friends .
On January 1 , 2006 Meeuwen-Gruitrode had a total population of 12,583 .
The movie also has nobility , assassins , spies , and tourists .
Capillaritis refers to state where the capillaries are inflamed .
in Spanish-speaking countries , they are often called cooperativas de ahorro y crédito , CUNA , Products and Services , '' Spanish Stuffer : Las Cooperativas de Ahorro y CréditoDePeru , '' Cooperativas de Ahorro y Crédito but in Mexico they are typically called a caja popular .
WWE Bad Blood ( originally Badd Blood ) was a World Wrestling Entertainment professional wrestling pay-per-view event that was held in 1997 , 2003 , and 2004 .
Chess boxing is a hybrid sport which combines boxing with chess in alternating rounds .
Tommaso Rocchi ( born 19 September 1977 in Venice ) is an Italian footballer who is the current captain of Serie A club Lazio .
Contributions to the same page with clearly linked legitimate alternative accounts is not forbidden ( e.g. editing the same page with your main and public computer account or editing a page using your main account that your bot account edited ) .
Around 1910 , the spelling of the Village 's name was changed to Niles Center .
The Library of Congress is the research library of the United States Congress and is the oldest federal institution in the United States .
Le Bailleul is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The Australian Film Institute Awards ( often abbreviated to AFI Awards ) are awards of merit presented annually by the Australian Film Institute .
It comprises the following municipalities :
Coburg State Theater Coburg Doll Museum Callenberg Palace Town Hall ( 1414 ) Castle Rosenau near Coburg The Baroque sanctuary at the Basilica of the Vierzehnheiligen , 20 km outside the city .
Daisuke Oku ( born 7 February 1976 in Amagasaki , Hy go , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player who was capped 26 times and scored 2 goals for the Japanese national team .
Sommette-Eaucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When free electrons -- both in vacuum and metals -- move , they produce a net flow of charge called an electric current , which generates a magnetic field .
The station has been built in a modern airport style , with all its many platforms sited underground in something of a subterranean sprawl .
Some of her notable films included Patty Hearst (/O1988/O) , The Handmaid 's Tale (/O1990/O) , Nell (/O1994/O) , The Parent Trap (/O1998/O) and Maid in Manhattan (/O2002/O) .
Pakistan has over five thousand local governments .
Grenville received his education at Eton College and at Christ Church , Oxford , and was called to the bar in 1736 .
Jethro Tull are a British rock group formed in 1967 .
Martin Adams ( born 4 June 1956 in Sutton , London ) is an English international darts player .
There are three main resources : Metal , Crystal and Deuterium .
Local residents often call it '' the Abbey '' , although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey .
On January 1 , 2006 , Clavier had a total population of 4,172 .
It is the second largest town of the district Shikarpur , having population of more than 14,000 .
Phoronids ( ` Phoronida ' ) , commonly known as horseshoe worms , are a relatively small animal phylum : twenty species are known , in two genera , Phoronis and Phoronopsis .
Other campaigns in Spain and Eastern Europe continued into the 15th century .
Filippini was touring Australia in 1914 with a Spanish opera company when World War I broke out ; Filippini stayed and later married one of his singing students , Anne McPharland .
Thoroughfare Gap is an album by American singer-songwriter Stephen Stills , released in 1978 .
The Church of Satan was mentioned in many books and was the subject of multiple magazine and newspaper articles during the 1960s and 1970s .
Stallone 's career declined considerably after his subsequent films Driven ( 2001 ) , Avenging Angelo ( 2002 ) and D-Tox ( 2002 ) also underachieved expectations to do well at the box office and were poorly received by critics .
The Status of Indian cities comprises two ranking systems used by the Government of India to allocate compensatory allowances to the cities in the country .
In the 17th century the chapel had its own building in Whitehall , which burned down in 1698 ; since 1702 it has been based at St James 's Palace .
They determine that Tamino and Pamina shall be married , and that Tamino will succeed Sarastro as leader , if he succeeds in passing the priests ' trials .
The yellowish eggs are laid in clusters on the host plant leaves .
Luna may also refer to :
The simple definition '' sustainability is improving the quality of human life while living within the carrying capacity of supporting eco-systems '' , IUCN\/UNEP\/WWF (/O1991/O) .
The other area to be included in Stage Three - the area known as the Gimbat Resumption and the Waterfall Creek Reserve were later added to this land claim .
The total length of the Carpathians is over 1500 k and the mountain chain 's width varies between 12 a/O. The highest altitudes of the Carpathians occur where they are widest .
Tropical Storm Alberto was the first storm of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season .
'' She has placed Caucasian Albania on the territory of modern Republic of Armenia : all the territories , churches and monasteries in Republic of Armenia have appeared Albanian '' .
Lowell is a city in Benton County , Arkansas , in the United States .
Innumerable varieties of harps are depicted , as well as lyres and lutes , the forerunner of modern stringed instruments such as the violin .
He is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939 , and the youngest to hit 600 , besting Babe Ruth 's record by over a year .
In this simple example we use the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z . Thus we can not encrypt numbers , commas , spaces and other symbols .
Arbent is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
On November 1 1956 , PEPSU was merged into Punjab State .
The M-Stock ( or CM-Stock '' ) of M-Train are the oldest trains on the MTR , built originally by Metro Cammell ( now Alstom ) and refurbished by United Goninan .
Zoey Hanson , Ichigo Momomiya 's English dub name in Tokyo Mew Mew ( Mew Mew Power )
There are four synagogues in the Brighton area , including the Brighton & Hove Progressive Synagogue ( Liberal ) at 6 Landsdowne Road in Hove ; Brighton and Hove Hebrew Congregation at 66 Middle Street in Brighton ( Orthodox ) , Hove Hebrew Congregation at 79 Holland Road in Hove ( Orthodox ) and Brighton & Hove Reform Synagogue on Palmeira Avenue in Hove ( Reformed ) .
The process by which virus progeny are released to find new hosts , is called shedding .
According to Alessandro Vezzosi , Head of the Leonardo Museum in Vinci , there is evidence that Piero owned a Middle Eastern slave called Caterina who gave birth to a boy called Leonardo .
He won the bronze medal , which earned him a spot on the French team to the 2002 Olympics , where he placed 14th .
Examples include a tiger 's stripes , the battledress of a modern soldier and a butterfly camouflaging itself as a leaf .
Do not bias discussions by asking for supporters from other places ( meatpuppetry ) .
Rawalpindi is a district of Pakistan in the north of the Punjab province which contains the city of Rawalpindi .
The capital of the county is Ray .
He developed the ideas of Keynesian economics , and advocated government intervention to stabilize output and avoid recessions .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
The chiefs of some police departments in Canada also hold the title .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
Mamai , leader of Golden Horde broke from Khans and attempted to establish his own independent state in Russia creating chaos .
Michael Spinks ( born July 13 , 1956 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a retired American boxer . Nicknamed Jinx , which spawned the nickname of his right hand : The Spinks Jinx , he is the brother of former heavyweight champion Leon Spinks , and uncle of Cory Spinks , a former welterweight and IBF Light middleweight champion .
Horodniceni is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
One can construct a golden spiral , a logarithmic spiral that grows outward by a factor of the golden ratio for every 90 degrees of rotation ( pitch about 17.03239 degrees ) , or approximate it using Fibonacci numbers .
The county was on occasion referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after , reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town .
With only two members remaining it was impossible to vote either Ulong member off , so Bobby Jon and Stephenie competed in an elimination Challenge at Tribal Council , where they confessed that they were uncomfortable with the idea of them being adversaries .
` A History of St John 's College ' , produced by Tim Rawle Associates , Cloister Press , p. 1 The college was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort .
It stars Daniel Craig , Nicole Kidman , Eva Green and Dakota Blue Richards .
A soap bubble can exist because the surface layer of a liquid ( usually water ) has a certain surface tension , which causes the layer to behave somewhat like an elastic sheet .
It is also responsible for observation and warning of earthquakes , tsunamis and volcanic eruptions .
'' Baloch '' .
Joscius becomes Archbishop of Tyre .
She had a major role in organizing women schoolteachers to burn down the building that housed the official newspaper and to overthrow the dictatorship of Costa Rica 's Tinoco brothers in 1916 , after which she was given a scholarship to study abroad , at the Sorbonne , in France .
While he was interned , he had the freedom to set up a laboratory in the stables .
Example of hadrons containing charm quarks include the J \/O/ meson , D mesons , charmed Sigma baryons , and other charmed particles .
As Astronomer Royal he receives a stipend of 100 GBP per year and is a member of the Royal Household , under the general authority of the Lord Chamberlain .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O9/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
In mathematics , a Ramanujan prime is a prime number that satisfies a result proven by Srinivasa Ramanujan relating to the prime-counting function .
The FIBA World Championship is an international basketball competition contested by the men 's national teams of the members of the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) , the sport 's global governing body .
The flag of the United States Virgin Islands was adopted in 1921 .
History The district was created in 1975 as part of the reorganization of North Rhine-Westphalian districts .
Separating burning fuels from each other also reduces the heat .
As such , the mainstream includes all popular culture , typically disseminated by mass media .
Even during heated debates , editors should behave politely , calmly and reasonably , in order to keep the focus on improving the encyclopedia and to help maintain a pleasant editing environment .
In 1980 the United States Congress designated 110 m of the river downstream from Walker Lake as the Kobuk Wild and Scenic River as part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System .
Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona due to flooding .
Aaron Burr , Jr. ( February 6 , 1756 -- September 14 , 1836 ) was an American politician , Revolutionary War participant , and adventurer .
Many distributions offer it as an additional non-default component .
Beacon is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
An '' arpeggiated chord '' means a chord which is '' spread '' , i.e. , the notes are not played exactly at the same time , but are spread out .
Mesnil-Saint-Loup is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Hortense bore Louis 's sons Napoleon Charles Bonaparte and Napoleon Louis Bonaparte in Paris , while Louis was in Holland . In 1806 , Louis called for his son to be sent to him in Holland , but he was again refused by Hortense , who believed that her son would never be returned to France .
King Hethum II of Armenia ( d. 1307 )
These particles are small , slaggy pieces of magma and rock that have been tossed into the air by outbursts of steam and other gases ; magma may have been torn apart as it became vesicular by the expansion of the gases within it .
The 100 French departments are now grouped into 22 metropolitan and four overseas regions .
Oil painting is the process of painting with pigments that are bound with a medium of drying oil - especially in early modern Europe , linseed oil .
The Structural Engineer is the international journal of the Institution of Structural Engineers .
His debut album , Martin Carthy , was released in 1965 , and also featured Dave Swarbrick playing fiddle on some tracks , although he was not mentioned in the album 's sleeve notes .
Queyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
'' Faith '' had many successes , four of which ( '' Faith , '' '' Father Figure '' , '' One More Try '' , and '' Monkey '' ) scored # 1 .
After being fired by the Ravens , Billick became a draft analyst for the NFL Network during the 2008 NFL Draft .
A few nights later , the group met again '' just to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and commiserate about our failed relationships '' .
Briel-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
A specific thing may be given absolutely to a creditor on the understanding that it is to be given back when the creditor 's debt is paid ; or the property in the thing may be assigned to the creditor while the debtor is allowed to remain in possession , the creditor as owner being able to take possession if his debt is not discharged .
December 3 & ndash ; Frederick VI , King of Denmark , ex-King of Norway ( b. 1768 )
He led the first Antarctic expedition to reach the South Pole between 1910 and 1912 .
Apple sauce can be fine or coarse textured , and may include large chunks of apple .
In 1922 , Mandelstam and Nadezhda moved to Moscow .
Karl Carstens ( 14 December 1914 -- 30 May 1992 ) was a German politician .
Partitions are also known in the Solaris operating system and the BSD-based operating systems as '' slices '' .
This camper has been eliminated from Total Drama Island .
The game has received a 95\/100 on both Metacritic and GameRankings .
Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy .
Eduard Adolf Strasburger ( 1 February 1844 , Warsaw , Congress Poland - 19 May 1912 , Bonn , Imperial Germany ) was a Polish-German professor who was one of the most famous botanists of the 19th century .
He was the first child of Izanagi and Izanami , born without bones ( or , in some stories , without arms and legs ) due to his mother 's transgression during the marriage ritual .
In 1998 General Motors purchased the brand name and marketed three vehicles : the original Hummer H1 , based on the military High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle ( HMMWV , or Humvee ) , and the Hummer H2 and the Hummer H3 models that were based on other , smaller civilian-market GM platforms .
The Zapotecs ( Zoogocho Zapotec : Didxa o ) are an indigenous people of Mexico .
The final tramway extension was in 1926 , along the promenade to Clifton Drive at Starr Gate where a connection was with Lytham St Annes tracks .
The private key consists of the modulus and the private ( or decryption ) exponent which must be kept secret .
Wofford College is a private undergraduate liberal arts college of about 1,500 students located in Spartanburg , South Carolina .
Suizei is regarded by historians as a '' legendary emperor '' because of the paucity of information about him , which does not necessarily imply that no such person ever existed .
In a closely-fought Reward Challenge , both teams seized seven targets , but Stephenie gave the final blow .
Proprietary software vendors usually prohibit users from sharing the software with others . A separate license is required for another party to use the software .
Richard Dean Anderson ( born January 23 , 1950 ) is an American television and film actor , producer and composer .
Non-response within five days and\/or his\/her non-appearance will cause forfeiture of slot in the College .
This article is about the Italian town , for the composer see : Carlo Gesualdo Gesualdo is an Italian comune in the region of Campania , province of Avellino , with about 3,800 inhabitants .
In Japan , 1.97 million copies were sold , and 2.93 million have been sold in the United States as of 2008 .
Christian IV ( 12 April 1577 -- 28 February 1648 ) was the king of Denmark-Norway from 1588 until his death .
The Cabinet is responsible to the President of Ukraine and is under the control and being held accountable to the Verkhovna Rada ( Ukrainian parliament ) .
The quake caused damage to historic buildings in Lyttelton , Christchurch 's port town , including cracks in a church and the destruction of parts of a hotel .
When the borders of the state were fixed in 1922 after several regional conflicts , the Republic bordered Czechoslovakia , Germany , Free City of Danzig , Lithuania , Latvia , Romania , and the Soviet Union , plus a tiny strip of the coastline of the Baltic Sea , around the city of Gdynia .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,513 .
The Pantropical Spotted Dolphin ( Stenella attenuata ) is a species of dolphin found in all the world 's temperate and tropical oceans .
, a card game expansion
returned in late 2006 , airing on a CW digital subchannel of Honolulu 's FOX affiliate KHON-TV ( Channel 2 ) , which has received statewide carriage over Oceanic Time Warner Cable .
Arromanches-les-Bains ( or , simply Arromanches ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Waffles can be desserts and breakfasts .
After the war , whilst working , he completed his secondary education through self-study , and entered the University of Malaya ( then in Singapore ) where he graduated in 1954 with a Diploma in Social Studies ( Distinction ) .
His children go by the name Yudhoyono , and in formal meetings and functions he is addressed as Dr Yudhoyono .
Otto IV , Holy Roman Emperor is excommunicated by Pope Innocent III for invading southern Italy .
Mixed martial arts career Marcus Davis entered professional MMA on August 22 , 2003 with a first round TKO of Shaun Gay .
Early life Christian was born on 25 September 1764 , at his family home of Moorland Close , near Cockermouth in Cumberland .
The , commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English , refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore .
Less expensive units usually do not have ceramic heating elements and some may have a paint-like coating that gives the appearance of ceramic plating .
From that time onwards , what is today Slovenia is ruled jointly with Austria until 1918 .
This is as much caffeine that is in three cups of coffee ( 8oz each cup ) .
Rossie is a city in Clay County , Iowa , United States .
Some authorities previously classified the related estrildid finches of the Old World tropics and Australasia as members of the Passeridae . Like the true sparrows , the estrildid finches are small , gregarious and often colonial seed-eaters with short , thick , but pointed bills .
It is also a member of the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , the Secretariat of the Pacific Community ( SPC ) and the Indian Ocean Commission ( COI ) .
Man-made and natural disasters further struck the city during the 19th century .
Rabindranath Tagore was a famous poet who one the Nobel Prize in Literature , which means he was the best writer in the whole world that year .
Franz Schiemer ( born March 21 , 1986 , in Haag am Hausruck , Upper Austria ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg of the T-Mobile Bundesliga in Austria .
The Love Parade ( ) was a popular electronic dance music festival and parade that originated in 1989 in West Berlin , Germany .
Pope John Paul II is the only Slavic or Polish Pope to date , and was the first non-Italian Pope since Dutch Pope Adrian VI , who reigned 1522 to 1523 .
The conscription law introduced the name Wehrmacht , so not only can this be regarded as its founding date , but the organization and authority of the Wehrmacht can be viewed as Nazi creations regardless of the political affiliations of its high command ( who nevertheless all swore the same personal oath of loyalty to Hitler ) .
His dead body was kept at his 27 K. M. Das Lane residence at Tikatuli till 10:30 am of 28 April on a customized ice-bed .
The racial makeup of the county was 65.80 % White , 31.87 % Black or African American , 0.16 % Native American , 0.58 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 0.75 % from other races , and 0.78 % from two or more races .
The image became associated with Dutch merchants , and a statue of this figure adorns the front of the World Trade Center in Amsterdam .
Aragon ( Spanish and , ) is a modern autonomous community in Spain , coextensive with the medieval kingdom of Aragon .
Tomoyasu Ando is a retired Japanese football player .
The album was developed as part of a forthcoming tour of live performances , and was premiered several months before studio recording began .
The donkey or ass , Equus africanus asinus , is a domesticated member of the Equidae or horse family , and an odd-toed ungulate .
He attended school at the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind in St. Augustine from 1937 to 1945 , where he developed his musical talent . During this time he performed on WFOY radio in St. Augustine .
Web caches reduce the amount of information that needs to be transmitted across the network , as information previously stored in the cache can often be re-used .
One sydharb ( or sydarb ) , also called a Sydney Harbour , is the amount of water in the Sydney Harbour ( Port Jackson ) : approximately 500 gigalitres ( about 400,000 acre-feet ) .
Hepburn 's performance was nominated for an Academy Award .
Riocaud is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Egypt and Sudan were never formally incorporated into any European colonial empire ; however , after the British occupation of 1882 , Egypt was effectively under British administration until 1922 .
Lafontaine was born in Saarlouis into a family of craftsmen .
STU 70915 B , France Concert for trumpet with orchestra .
Milani 's ideas were considered dangerously radical and his bishop sent him into a sort of internal exile to a small mountain village north of Florence called Barbiana , thought too remote for him to cause problems .
See Armenian Highland for the geographical region .
The Siberian Intervention of 1918 - 1922 was the dispatch of troops of the Entente powers to the Russian Maritime Provinces as part of a larger effort by the western powers and Japan to support White Russian forces against the Bolshevik Red Army during the Russian Civil War .
After several stage roles , she appeared in the 1999 television series Get Real .
Paris Saint-Germain Football Club ( ) , also known simply as Paris Saint-Germain and familiarly as Paris SG or PSG ( ) is a professional football club based in Paris , France .
Events By place Western Roman Empire September 4 -- Romulus Augustus , the last Emperor of the Western Roman Empire , is deposed by Odoacer .
Such bunkers give the defending soldiers better protection than the open trench and also include top protection against aerial attack ( grenades , mortar shells ) .
Obsidian has low water content when fresh , typically less than 1 % water by weight , but becomes progressively hydrated when exposed to groundwater , forming perlite .
She also had a minor role in Miley Cyrus ' '' 7 Things '' music video .
Villemontoire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Alberta has a dry continental climate with warm summers and cold winters . The province is open to cold arctic weather systems from the north , which often produce extremely cold conditions in winter .
CH-4944 Auswil
Biography Thomas Leo Clancy Jr. was born in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .
The music , attributed to Claudio Monteverdi , is a setting of a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello .
The holotype individual of Sinovenator was about the size of a chicken , less than a metre long .
It is the county seat of Cloud County .
North Korea dates Dangun 's founding of Gojoseon to early 30th century BC .
Chakesar is a town of the Shangla District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The peso is subdivided into 100 centavos , represented by '' cents '' .
The city of Joensuu , which was founded by the Czar Nicholas I of Russia in 1848 , is the regional center and the capital of North Karelia .
That 's okay , as you can add , change , and even take away information in articles that have already been made .
Le Theil-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
An artist who operates a printing press to execute their own works , especially by hand in limited runs , is usually distinguished from other printers by the term printmaker .
The class , numbering 230 examples , was built by British Railways ' Swindon and Doncaster works in 1957-1962 and numbered D2000-D2199 and D2370-D2399 ( later 03004 to 03399 ) .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al .
It was developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision .
Massoud Barzani , the current President of Iraqi Kurdistan , was born in Mahabad when his father , the late General Mustafa Barzani , was chief of the military of the Mahabad forces in Iranian Kurdistan .
Birmingham ( , , locally with a ` g ' ) is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands county of England .
It is named in honor of Sir David Attenborough , the eminent naturalist .
Most Wanted has been released for Windows-based personal computers , the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable , Nintendo GameCube , Xbox , Xbox 360 ( as a launch title ) , Game Boy Advance , Nintendo DS and mobile phones .
Wadi Gazayir
F0 SE of Brinson Decatur 2240 unknown Spotted crossing US 84 .
Java is a general-purpose , concurrent , class-based , object-oriented language that is specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible .
The Tawny-bellied Hermit , Phaethornis syrmatophorus , is a species of hummingbird .
The apartment where Vonnegut lived for a brief time still to this day has a desk at which he wrote many of his short stories and into the under-part of which he carved his name .
Bubble gum was invented by Walter Diemer in 1928 .
It is entirely dependent on humans for its reproduction and no longer occurs naturally in the wild .
This area , known as '' America 's First Region '' , also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads .
Some common examples : Maccas ( McDonald 's ) arvo ( afternoon ) , barbie ( barbecue ) , footy ( Australian rules football , rugby union football or rugby league football ) and servo ( service station ) .
The Most Haunted team have traveled not only around the UK , but also Ireland , the Netherlands , Romania , the United States , and Italy . investigating paranormal activity for 24 hours at a time .
After Leslie talks with her , she discovers that the reason why Janice is a bully is that she is abused by her father , and they become friends .
Isaac Bashevis Singer was born in 1902 in Leoncin village near Warsaw , Poland , then part of the Russian Empire .
Hilo is home to a number of educational institutions , including two post-secondary institutions , the University of Hawaii at Hilo and Hawaii Community College , and the Hilo and Waiakea primary and secondary school districts .
In July 2009 , in only eight hours , pre-orders of Windows 7 at Amazon .
These prolegs have rings of tiny hooks called crochets that help them grip the substrate .
There are canoe centres at The Boat House , Glasbury-on-Wye ( in Powys , Wales ) , the Hereford Youth Service and Kerne Bridge in Ross-on-Wye , as well as a rowing club in Hereford .
X provides the basic framework , or primitives , for building such GUI environments : drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse and keyboard .
Lenz 's law is a common way of understanding how electromagnetic circuits must always obey Newton 's third law and The Law of Conservation of Energy .
= Train Crashed = On 19 December 2007 , at 2:30 am an overcrowded express train traveling from Karachi to Lahore derailed 2 km ( 1 mile ) south of Mehrabpur killing over 40 people and injuring hundreds more .
Sarah Yorke Jackson ( July 16 , 1803 -- August 23 , 1887 ) was the daughter-in-law of U.S. President Andrew Jackson .
The majority of the Papuan languages are spoken on the island of New Guinea ( which is divided between the country of Papua New Guinea and the two Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua ) , with a number spoken in the Bismarck Archipelago , Bougainville Island , and the Solomon Islands to the east , and in Halmahera , Timor , and the Alor archipelago to the west .
The height of a rectangle is also equal to the frequency density of the interval , i.e. , the frequency divided by the width of the interval .
Forestle saves 0.1 square meters ( about 0.12 square yards ) of rain forest per search event .
Often the record label 's decisions are prudent ones from a commercial perspective , but this typically frustrates the artist who feels that their artwork is being diminished or misrepresented by such actions .
They were also on a short tour of the UK in November , which was supported by the bands Thursday and Poison the Well .
There are three ways to pronounce this name , two of which are common .
Because of agreements between Warner Brothers and the estate of Thomas Mann for the production of Luchino Visconti 's 1971 film , Britten was advised not to see the movie when it was released .
Before 1933 , the German Communists and the Social Democrats sang parodies of the Horst-Wessel-Lied during their street battles with the SA .
The Screwtape Letters is a satirical Christian apologetics novel written in epistolary style by C. S. Lewis , first published in book form in February 1942 .
Damage to the olfactory system can occur by traumatic brain injury , cancer , infection , inhalation of toxic fumes , or neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease .
Monroe had three marriages , all of which ended in divorce .
Classification Tamil belongs to southern branch of the Dravidian languages , a family of around twenty-six languages native to the Indian subcontinent .
In England , the ell was usually 45 inches ( 1.143 m exactly for the international inch ) .
The site that was decided upon was la Silla , a 7800 foot mountain bordering the southern extremity of the Atacama Desert , situated 100 miles north of La Serena , 17 miles south of Las Campanas Observatory , and 60 miles north of Cerro Tololo Observatory .
Taipei County is located in northern Taiwan .
The city was first mentioned in written sources in 1323 as the capital city of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in the letters of Gediminas .
It is located next to Six Flags Wild Safari animal park and Hurricane Harbor water park .
Ottakring is the 16th District in the city of Vienna , Austria .
Faline and Gobo were also Bambi 's cousins in the book , as it states that Aunt Eena ( Ena as she is known in the book ) is Bambi 's mother 's sister .
The county seat is Concord , which was incorporated in 1803 .
The Royal Air Force ( RAF ) is the United Kingdom 's air force , the oldest independent air force in the world .
He has been called the '' Poet-Historian '' and the '' Poet-Sage '' by Chinese critics , while the range of his work has allowed him to be introduced to Western readers as '' the Chinese Virgil , Horace , Ovid , Shakespeare , Milton , Burns , Wordsworth , Béranger , Hugo or Baudelaire '' .
The film was banned throughout Pakistan as the military junta led by General Zia-ul-Haq toppled the government of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto .
In 1881 , the town was laid out and a police station , courthouse and school were built .
Shaun Mark '' Sean '' Bean ( born 17 April 1959 ) is an English film and stage actor .
The first Bahrain Grand Prix took place on April 4 , 2004 , making history as the first Formula One Grand Prix to be held in the Middle East .
Please remember to take the appropriate tag ( s ) off the page when you have completed cleaning an article .
Even though South Africa is classified as semi-arid , there is considerable variation in climate as well as topography .
Barris got his start in television as a page and later staffer at NBC in New York City , and eventually worked backstage at the TV music show American Bandstand , originally as a standards-and-practices person for ABC .
The autonomic nervous system ( ANS or visceral nervous system ) is the part of the peripheral nervous system that acts as a control system functioning largely below the level of consciousness , and controls visceral functions .
Some of the villages near Talagang town are Chinji , Adlaka , Jhatla , Lawa , Dhurnal , Pichnand , Dhok Dali , Baba Jassa Muhammad Hussain Mundial Dhok , Mogla , Dholar , Malakwal , Tamman , Akwal , Bilalabad , Chokhandi , Dhuli , Baghtal , Dhoak Goria , Pera Fatehal , Dhoak Kund,Gulshan-e-Barwal .
The city of South Bend is the county seat of St. Joseph County , Indiana , United States , on the St. Joseph River near its southernmost bend , from which it derives its name .
One of the first operas to use historical events and people rather than classical mythology , it adapts incidents from the writings of Tacitus , Suetonius and others to recount how Poppea , mistress of the Roman emperor Nerone ( Nero ) , is able to achieve her ambition and be crowned empress .
The Liberia national football team , nicknamed the Lone Stars , is the national team of Liberia and is controlled by the Liberia Football Association .
After leaving Big Brother , Turntoislam.com Jackson did several interviews on UK television , stating why and how he took his peaceful and mediating stance in the Big Brother house .
The remnants crossed Newfoundland before turning to the east-northeast , and on July 19 the system dissipated .
Danang People 's Committee .
Entire regional network Flinders Street Station is the central railway station of the suburban rail network of Melbourne , Australia .
When Elizabeth became Queen in 1952 , Philip left his naval career to act as her consort .
In 1989 , the rainbow flag came to nationwide attention in the United States after John Stout sued his landlords and won when they attempted to prohibit him from displaying the flag from his West Hollywood , California , apartment balcony .
Oskar Lafontaine ( ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis ) is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
Dolenz and Jones took advantage of this , joining ex-Monkees songwriters Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart to tour the United States .
The current administrative unit of Silesian Voivodeship is just a fraction of the historical Silesia which is within the borders of today 's Poland ( there are also fragments of Silesia in the Czech Republic and Germany ) .
The Japanese ashigaru ( ) were conscripted foot-soldiers of medieval Japan .
However , today UCC is fully independent and the student and faculty populations are more diverse in terms of cultural and economic backgrounds .
Tony Randall ( February 26 , 1920 - May 17 , 2004 ) was a U.S. actor , comic , producer and director .
Poison dart frog ( also dart-poison frog , poison frog or formerly poison arrow frog ) is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to Central and South America .
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull , the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second ( see frame rate ) and Knowles sang twice as quickly , but it was n't until 4:00 am that they completed work .
Another application of the GMR effect is non-volatile , magnetic random access memory .
Billie ( she was known at the time only by her first name ) was the first and youngest British female artist to have a first single debut at # 1 on the UK pop charts .
Alessandro Altobelli ( born 28 November 1955 in Sonnino , Latina ) is an Italian former football player .
Ordinary Things : Poems From a Walk in Early Spring is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher , illustrated by Walter Lyon Krudop .
The following section gives an overview of the most important factors that determine the energy levels of atoms and molecules .
The film received an Academy Award nomination for the song '' Someone 's Waiting for You '' , which was nominated in 1978 at the 50th Academy Awards .
He created the role of Dov in Tippett 's opera The Knot Garden .
Roblox is part of the TRUSTe privacy program and the Better Business Bureau corporation .
Thierstein District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated to the north of the canton .
Blue Triangle is one of many operators of London Buses , it is based in Rainham and is part of Go-Ahead London .
His fastidious attention to cleaning his teeth , shaving , and bathing daily became popular .
The Ravnica : City of Guilds expansion of the Magic : The Gathering trading card game features a '' Crocodile '' creature called Grayscaled Gharial [ ] , and the Shards of Alara expansion includes the creature Algae Gharial [ ] .
Ghar Kab Ao Gey is Pakistani Urdu language film directed by Iqbal Kashmiri which was released across theaters in Pakistan in Eid-ul-Fittar January 9 , 2000 .
OPEC has maintained its headquarters in Vienna since 1965 , A brief history of OPEC and hosts regular meetings among the oil ministers of its Member Countries .
Fiji One is a Free to Air channel run by Fiji Television .
Robert Gabriel Mugabe ( born 21 February 1924 ) is the current President of Zimbabwe .
With the exception of season 7 , the show has begun with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming , '' Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night ! ''
However , the 1989 year of the snake officially ended on January 26 , 1990 .
Retrieved on April 5 , 2008 It is the county seat of Coconino County .
Net income is the residual income of a firm after adding total revenue and gains and subtracting all expenses and losses for the reporting period .
It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
An unusual feature of sticklebacks is that they have no scales , although some species have bony armor plates .
The Fife coalfields were developed around Kirkcaldy and the west of Fife , reaching far out under the Firth of Forth .
Walters had first thought of using weather balloons to fly at age 13 , after seeing them hanging from the ceiling of a military surplus store .
There are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state 's lower house .
Chiltern is a town in Victoria , Australia , located in the north east of the state between Wangaratta and Wodonga , in the Shire of Indigo .
A wrestler who exits the ring without going over the top rope is not eliminated from the contest .
On November 29 , 2003 , Elfman married film actress Bridget Fonda .
She began a feud with Beth Phoenix on July 20 after Phoenix interrupted Laree during an interview , setting up a match on July 29 which Laree lost .
When Eliza won the reward challenge , she received her own car and the castaways who finished second and third in the challenge were able to join her at a spa retreat .
The following is a list of codes for International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems .
... the two most influential forms of skepticism have , arguably , been the radical epistemological skepticism of the classical Pyrrhonian skeptics and the Cartesian form of radical epistemological skepticism that Descartes considers in ... '' UTM.edu
Elijah continues now from Ahab to an encounter with Ahaziah .
After several experiments in expansion and a long battle for players and markets with the Western Professional Hockey League ( WPHL ) , the CHL merged with the WPHL in 2001 .
Most jurisdictions prohibit trade , except under license , of many types of drugs by drug prohibition laws .
April 6 -- Julius Caesar defeats the combined army of Pompeian followers and Numidians under Metellus Scipio and Juba at Thapsus .
The couple married in 1916 and had three children : Ingeborg Caroline Auguste Seyss-Inquart ( born 18 September 1917 ) , Richard Seyss-Inquart ( born 22 August 1921 ) and Dorothea Seyss-Inquart ( born 7 May 1928 , still alive , living in Mattsee , Upper Austria ) .
Rose Marion Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
It is adjacent to two other cemeteries , those being Queen of Heaven Cemetery , another Catholic Cemetery , and Oakridge Glen Oaks Cemetery .
By 1937 Schoep 's Ice Cream had grown in local popularity and E. B. Schoephoester sold his company to Peter B. Thomsen , a butter maker .
Lensky renounces his friendship with Onegin in front of all the guests , and challenges Onegin to a duel , which the latter is forced , with many misgivings , to accept .
The use of equals signs is a problem , but there is a fix ; see next row .
The band did not release a follow-up record until 1996 , with Evil Empire .
Karol Wojtyla , who would later become became Pope John-Paul II was influenced by Husserl . Phenomenology appears in a work co-authored by him , The Acting Person ( 1969 ) .
Year 1446 ( MCDXLVI ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
During meiosis , chromosomes assort randomly into gametes , such that the segregation of alleles of one gene is independent of alleles of another gene . This is stated in Mendel 's Second Law and is known as the law of independent assortment .
It is different from an armistice , which is an agreement to cease hostilities , or a surrender , in which an army agrees to give up arms .
Newmans Website
The city took its name from the coconut trees that were planted in the area by early developers . R.E. Bateman , one of the developers , named Coconut Creek after combining the names of Miami-Dade County 's village of Indian Creek , and the Miami neighborhood of Coconut Grove .
Cockroaches are insects of the order Blattaria .
In thermodynamics , a heat engine performs the conversion of heat energy to mechanical work by exploiting the temperature gradient between a hot '' source '' and a cold '' sink '' .
Her skeletal remains were located at the bottom of a well in the country north of Auxerre in July 2006 .
He was the director of Antiquities in Egypt during the 19th century Who Was Who in Egyptology ... - Page 82 by Warren Royal Dawson , and excavated in Memphis and Dashur , providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids .
It is in the north of the city and next to the river Rhine .
The Image-spec parameter '' thumb '' ( although auto-thumbnailing to user-preference width ) forces a wide left-margin that squeezes the nearby text , so the parameter '' center '' can be added to suppress the left-margin padding .
Notes
The other main correlatives of color appearance are colorfulness , chroma , saturation , lightness , and brightness .
Modern pencils are made industrially by mixing finely ground graphite and clay powders , adding water , forming long spaghetti-like strings , and firing them in a kiln .
Benton is a city in and the county seat of Saline County , Arkansas , United States and was formally named before Bentonville which was established in 1837 .
Following the 2001 - 02 season , the team relocated to New Orleans , becoming the New Orleans Hornets . After three seasons in New Orleans , Hurricane Katrina forced the franchise temporarily relocate to Oklahoma City , where they spent two seasons as the New Orleans\/Oklahoma City Hornets .
He and Edmund II divide the country ; after Edmund 's death he becomes sole king .
These revisionist views , together with prominent British critic F. R. Leavis 's pronouncement in The Great Tradition ( 1948 ) that Austen was one of the great writers of English fiction , a view shared by Ian Watt , who helped shape the scholarly debate regarding the genre of the novel , did much to cement Austen 's reputation amongst academics .
Holnon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Wesley 's writing and preachings provided the seeds for both the modern Methodist movement and the Holiness movement , which encompass numerous denominations across the world .
From 1763 until 1971 , the British Empire maintained varying degrees of political control over some of the Persian Gulf states , including the United Arab Emirates ( originally called the '' Trucial Coast States '' ) and at various times Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , and Qatar through the British Residency of the Persian Gulf .
A supportive therapy is one that does not treat or improve the underlying condition , but instead increases the patient 's comfort .
It is the first Spanish team to race in Formula One ; a previous effort known as '' Bravo F1 '' failed to enter the sport in .
The Southern Lapwing ( Vanellus chilensis ) is a wader in the family Charadriiformes .
As truly social animals , they are termed eusocial along with the ants and some bees and wasps which are all placed in the separate order Hymenoptera .
The bases used most often are 10 for the common logarithm , e for the natural logarithm , and 2 for the binary logarithm .
The county contains within its boundary of approx .
After this disaster the duke ordered to build a new town at the shore of a small lake called the Zierker See .
By November 1983 , Roger Taylor 's '' Radio Ga Ga '' was chosen as the first single from the album .
Against is the seventh studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura , released in 1998 through Roadrunner Records .
Poanes macneilli Burns , 1992 -- Macneill 's Skipper
Standard networked functions such as email exchange , web access and database access , are based on the client-server model .
The port city of Chittagong , second largest city in Bangladesh , is located in this district .
Lesser agreed to supervise post-production work on the miles of negative - at the Sinclairs ' expense - and distribute any resulting product .
Some roads also have '' minimum speed limits '' , where slow speeds can impede traffic flow or be dangerous and on motorways slower vehicles such as horse drawn vehicles , bicycles and mopeds can be banned , e.g. in the United Kingdom .
The program text , or source , is converted into machine instructions using a special program called a compiler , which translates the FORTRAN program into machine language .
Haley Barbour ( born October 22 , 1947 ) is an American Republican politician currently serving as the 63rd Governor of Mississippi .
The canonical gospels of Matthew ( Matthew 1:18 ) and Luke say that Mary was a virgin and that Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit .
The Temple of Artemis housed many fine works of art .
This was based on estimated costs of replacing the services nature provides , with equivalent services using methods wholly based on human infrastructure .
In 2006 , a major encampment , WAIS Divide ( WSD ) was established on the divide between the Ross Sea Embayment and the Amundsen Sea Embayment , in easternmost Marie Byrd Land , in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the following three years .
For ancient folklore and myths of Japan , see : Category : Japanese mythology .
Henry '' Hank , Red '' Bassen ( December 6 , 1932 - May 29 , 2009 ) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender . Bassen served as a back-up goaltender in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks , Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh Penguins .
Cassandra '' Cassie '' Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins who is portrayed by Hannah Murray .
The Ford Escape is a compact SUV sold by the automaker Ford Motor Company introduced in 2000 as a 2001 model year and priced below the Ford Explorer .
However , most of those used today date from the seventeenth century onwards , and some of the best known English-language lullabies originate from the US ( for example , Rock-a-bye Baby ) .
The Phillies are a member of the East Division of Major League Baseball 's National League .
A lesson may be either one section of a textbook ( which , apart from the printed page , can also include multimedia ) or , more frequently , a short period of time during which learners are taught about a particular subject or taught how to perform a particular activity .
Divaldo Pereira Franco ( born May 5 , 1927 , Feira de Santana , Brazil ) is a prominent Spiritist speaker and medium .
Sargent had himself been a pupil\/assistant organist or ` Articled Pupil ' at Peterborough Cathedral in 1909 and it was to Peterborough that Vann moved next , being appointed Master of the Music in 1953 .
The next year Barbirolli was given the full conductorship , a post he held until the spring of 1941 .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
Woodruff , Galium odoratum is a herbaceous perennial plant .
Fish farming offers an alternative solution to the increasing market demand for fish and fish protein .
Intel had announced the 8080 chip , and compared to the 4004 to which IMS Associates had been first introduced , the 8080 looked like a '' real computer '' .
( South African Rand ) .
It was released as the band 's debut single on 26 November 1976 and was featured on their only album , Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols .
Additionally they are often used as victory marches in video games , particularly role playing games .
A narrator is , within any story ( literary work , movie , play , verbal account , etc. ) , the person who tells the story to the audience .
However , the following year , the remainder of the Persian army was decisively beaten at the Battle of Plataea and the Persian navy at the Battle of Mycale .
Sipunculans have a body wall somewhat similar to that of annelids ( though unsegmented ) in that it consists of a non-ciliated epidermis overlain by a cuticle , an outer layer of circular and an inner layer of longitudinal musculature . The body wall surrounds the coelom that is filled with fluid on which the body wall musculature acts as a hydrostatic skeleton to extend or contract the animal .
Essjay had responded at the time with a statement on his Wikipedia page , in part reading : Reaction from within the Wikipedia community to the Essjay/Jordan identity discrepancy was sharp , voluminous , and mixed .
Albania , which severed diplomatic relations with the USSR in 1961 , also had a variant of Pioneer organization , called Pioneers of Enver , named after the communist ruler of Albania , Enver Hoxha .
The Chester city walls are system of largely intact defensive walls surrounding the strategically important English city of Chester .
Jamie Benn ( born July 18 , 1989 ) is a professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
On 27 December 1797 , the last Tagsatzung of the Old Swiss Confederacy was held in Aarau .
Arnaldo Ariel Ortega ( born 4 March 1974 ) is an Argentine football attacking midfielder currently playing for All Boys on loan from River Plate .
Theatre of war The length of the front in the east was much longer than in the west .
The national flag of Oman consists of three stripes ( white , green and red ) with a red bar on the left that contains the national emblem of Oman .
The International Paris Exposition celebrating the centennial of the French Revolution in 1889 is referred to by one writer as the watershed transitional moment from consonance to dissonance ( Fauser 2005 ) .
Both singles main draws include 96 players in a 128-player grid , with the 32 seeded players getting a bye to the second round .
Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition , logical volume , and in some cases a virtual disk ( vdisk ) .
The Clio has been sold as the Renault Lutecia in Japan , as Honda owns the right to the name Clio ( being one of Honda 's sales networks in Japan ) . A four-door saloon was developed for certain markets where sedans are traditionally preferred over hatchbacks and is sold under names Renault Clio Classic , Renault Clio Symbol , Renault Symbol , Renault Clio Sedan , Renault Clio Tricorps , and Renault Thalia .
The most important rule on Wikipedia is to ignore all rules , which means that even editors with little or no knowledge of '' rules '' can be great contributors to Wikipedia .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern Painted Turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
Humans first domesticated camels well before 2000 BC .
As is the case with other caffeinated beverages , Red Bull drinkers may experience adverse effects as a result of overuse .
Selenium hexafluoride is toxic even at low concentrations .
The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation , the governing body for football in Uzbekistan .
Their next release was Sventevith ( Storming Near the Baltic ) in 1995 .
Alberto Contador Velasco ( born 6 December 1982 in Pinto , Madrid ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam .
Aix-en-Issart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Before nationalization of the railways in 1948 and the creation of British Railways ) , Northamptonshire was the base of three of the '' Big Four '' railway companies ; the London , Midland and Scottish Railway , London and North Eastern Railway and Great Western Railway .
Grove , '' Apprenticeship , 1894 -- 1902 '' On November 4 , 1894 Charles 's father died , a crushing blow to the young composer , but to a large degree Ives continued the musical experimentation he had begun with George Ives .
His nickname '' Schneckerl '' , Viennese dialect for curly hair , derives from his curly haircut in his younger years .
The inclusion of Prometheus is due to the literary allusion to passing the torch , signifying the importance of education while God in this context is a historical legacy of the school 's British roots .
Haynes ' own coach , the legendary Zip Gayles , reprimanded him for the showboating display , but it helped draw the attention of the Globetrotters , always on the search for trick ballhandlers ; Langston was invited to play an exhibition game against the Globetrotters in Oklahoma City .
Final Fantasy VIII is a role-playing video game released for the PlayStation in 1999 and for Windows-based personal computers in 2000 .
Malta 's de facto capital is Valletta and the biggest city is Birkirkara .
The silvery green leaves are oblong in shape , measuring 4 -- 10 cm long and 1 -- 3 cm wide .
On 5 March 2006 , he debuted for Kashima at the age of 17 in the season-opener against Sanfrecce Hiroshima , since which he has remained a fixture in the starting eleven .
In June 2005 the stadium hosted England 's opening game in the UEFA Women 's Championship , setting an attendance record for the competition .
It lies at the end of the south-eastern branch of Lake Como ( the branch named Lake of Lecco ) .
Michael Scholz ( January 26 , 1949 ) is a German singer , composer and producer .
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team , playing in the Cymru Alliance .
Blood types are inherited and represent contributions from both parents .
They also picked up the Headliner award at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 held in Liverpool on 6 November 2008 and the Award for Best Group on 5 November 2009 at the MTV Europe Music Award held in Berlin .
Writer Terry Nation , Director David Maloney , Producer Barry Letts .
After beginning his career at Boca Juniors in his native Argentina , Coloccini attracted the attention of AC Milan .
About HANA FireWire is also available in wireless , fiber optic , and coaxial versions using the isochronous protocols .
This town would merge in 1854 with the nearby town of Risdon to form one city , named Fostoria in honor of Foster , who would be elected the new city 's first mayor .
This section also covers the post-privatisation period , as the broad numbering and classification arrangements have not altered since the break-up of BR .
The New American Bible ( NAB ) is a Catholic Bible translation first published in .
Rarely having more than ten thousand subscribers , the journal reached its peak influence from the late 1930s to the early 1960s , after which it gradually lost its relevance .
Thomas Hardy , OM ( 2 June 1840 -- 11 January 1928 ) was an English novelist and poet .
Bourdon is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
When a planet is like this ,
Alexandria and Budapest had also bid unsuccessfully for the 1916 Games .
A well-to-do serf might even be able to buy his freedom .
Athletes with disabilities did compete in the Olympic Games prior to the advent of the Paralympics .
George Grenville ( 14 October 1712 -- 13 November 1770 ) was a British Whig statesman who rose to the position of Prime Minister of Great Britain .
There are four officially designated Interstate Highways in Alaska , even though the routes do not connect directly to any highways in the contiguous United States , except either by the Alaska Marine Highway System ferries or via Canadian highways .
After six contestants were eliminated , the tribes were combined , or merged , to form one tribe , Rattana .
Marie Clotilde de France was buried in the Church of Santa Caterina a Chiaia in Naples .
Like the adults , the boys were used in hard labour such as stone cutting and construction .
M&M 's originated in the United States in 1941 , and are now sold in over 100 countries .
Kenichi Shimokawa is a former Japanese football goalkeeper .
These products include Gatorade Carbohydrate Energy Drink , Gatorade Protein Recovery Shake , the Gatorade Nutrition Shake , and the Gatorade Nutrition Bar .
In the United States armed forces , Private First Class ( PFC ) is a military rank held by junior enlisted persons .
Montmelon is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
During the 18th century , it grew from a small fishing port to become a well-known seaside resort .
However , this never happened , because the people who lived in the Soviet Union decided to get rid of Communism , since it had failed them for 80 years and caused more problems and lack of freedom .
Gregory James '' Greg '' LeMond ( born June 26 , 1961 ) is a former professional road bicycle racer from the United States and a three-time winner of the Tour de France .
Females reach a body length of up to long and weigh up to .
Ageing ( British English ) or aging ( American English ) is the accumulation of changes in an organism or object over time .
The most notable storm was Hurricane Iniki , which caused billions of dollars of damage to the Hawaiian Islands .
The 1962 Formula One season was the 13th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Lake Volta , the world 's largest artificial lake , extends through large portions of eastern Ghana and is the main source of many tribuatry rivers such as the Oti and Afram rivers .
There are four major categories of child abuse : neglect , physical abuse , psychological\/emotional abuse , and child sexual abuse .
She lays four or five bright glossy blue eggs which are lightly spotted with black or purple ; they are typically 2.7 x 2.0 centimetres ( 0.79 x 1.06 in ) in size and weigh 6.0 grammes ( 0.21 oz ) , of which 6 % is shell .
With hundreds of deaths and billions of dollars in damage , this season was the costliest and one of the deadliest Pacific hurricane seasons .
During World War II , Cockatoo Island 's importance to the Allies was enhanced by the fall of Singapore and its shipyards .
While other copyright holders of other software systems adopted the GPL as their license , FSF was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software so licensed until Harald Welte launched gpl-violations .
Dill ( Anethum graveolens ) is a short-lived perennial herb .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
The feistiest pup , Patch , feels lost in a sea of spots and longs to be a one-of-a-kind wonder dog like his TV hero , Thunderbolt .
In 1956 , he married the American writer Joy Gresham , 17 years his junior , who died four years later of cancer at the age of 45 .
The name is often shortened to Taumata by the locals for ease of conversation .
The main composers of concerti of the baroque were : Tommaso Albinoni , Antonio Vivaldi , Georg Philipp Telemann , Johann Sebastian Bach , George Frideric Handel , Pietro Locatelli , Giuseppe Tartini , Francesco Geminiani and Johann Joachim Quantz .
The German National People 's Party ( , DNVP ) was a national-conservative party in Germany during the time of the Weimar Republic .
Instead he disables him and leaves him trussed up to watch the recording from Miranda .
It was written for Linda Eastman , McCartney 's soon to be wife , though some lines ( especially '' you and me chasing papers \/O/ getting nowhere '' ) sound like they are addressing Lennon , whose relationship with McCartney was tense at that time .
In his first subscription week he led the world premiere of John Adams ' On the Transmigration of Souls commissioned in memory of those who lost their lives on September 11 , 2001 .
In February 1917 , Nicholas II abdicated the throne and Anastasia and her family were placed under house arrest at the Alexander Palace in Tsarskoye Selo during the Russian Revolution .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were '' volunteer '' ( Hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
Simony is the ecclesiastical crime of paying for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church , named after Simon Magus , who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18 -24 .
A regular lens of a focal length that is longer than what is considered a normal lens is not necessarily a telephoto lens .
It was created by Philip Zimmermann in 1991 .
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Thomas Morley ( 1557 or 1558 & ndash ; October 1602 ) was an English composer , theorist , editor and organist of the Renaissance , and the foremost member of the English Madrigal School .
Aphrodite Goddess of love , lust , beauty , wife of Hephaestus .
Harp strings are made of nylon , gut , wire , or silk on certain instruments .
The Pan American Games is a multi-sport event between competitors from all nations in Americas , held every four years in the year before the summer Olympic Games .
East Tyrol , or East Tirol ( ) , is an exclave of the Austrian state of Tyrol , sharing no border with the main North Tyrol part of the state .
Birth The birthplace of Charles Babbage is still disputed , but he was most likely born in 44 Crosby Row , Walworth Road , London , England .
Leaellynasaura is known from several specimens including two nearly complete skeletons and two fragmentary skulls .
The Treaty of Versailles , which had separated Danzig and surrounding villages from Germany , now required that the newly-formed state had its own citizenship , based on residency .
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série A 1996 was played between August 8 and December 15 , 1996 .
He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Rams and was selected to two Pro Bowls with the Chiefs .
Most of the livestock trading business began to center around railside markets such as those at Hassocks , Haywards Heath and Lewes train stations .
Melee , the text explaining Daisy 's trophy states that '' after her appearance in Mario Golf , gossips portrayed her as Luigi 's answer to Mario 's Peach '' .
Billy refuses the bribe and believes he will be rewarded , but Dansker warns him to beware of Claggart .
A system can be anything , for example a piston , a solution in a test tube , a living organism , an electrical circuit , a planet , etc. .
In 1998 , on learning of his interest in pursuing a political career , the National Party president John Slater began working actively to recruit him .
Monthiers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label when the band joined the roster of A&M Records in 1989 .
The championship becomes exclusive to the SmackDown brand due to Edge being a SmackDown wrestler .
IRA Championships -- National Title
Moakes joined the band after answering an advert in NME magazine , while Tong was picked via an audition .
The common materials of masonry construction are brick , stone , marble , granite , travertine , limestone ; concrete block , glass block , stucco , and tile .
Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant used when storing clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae ( especially clothes moths like Tineola bisselliella ) .
Klingaman , William K. , The First Century : Emperors , Gods and Everyman , 1990 , p 67 Arts After completing Metamorphoses , Ovid begins the Fasti ( Festivals ) , 6 books that detail the first 6 months of the year and provide valuable insights into the Roman Calendar .
Perceval was opposed to Catholic emancipation and reform of Parliament ; he supported the war against Napoleon and the abolition of the slave trade .
Today Mykolaiv is a major shipbuilding center of Ukraine ( as , earlier , of the whole Soviet Union ) and an important riverport .
Muhammad , the Prophet of Islam , prided himself in being part of a rich tradition of prophets who found their means of livelihood as shepherds .
( New York : Columbia University Press , 1952 ) p. 1364
He continued to conduct the Boston Symphony until his death in 1964 .
It is the only line on the Underground , except for the two-station Waterloo & City line , that is operated entirely underground , the only section of track to emerge above ground being the part from Seven Sisters to the line 's depot at Northumberland Park .
Mumbai ( ; , ' , ) , formerly known as Bombay , is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Originally named Fort Buenaventura , the city of Ogden was the first permanent settlement by people of European descent in the region that is now Utah .
BR dismantled the track between Thame and Cowley , but kept the line between Thame and Princes Risborough open for freight traffic to and from an oil depot in Thame .
Hino , Tottori
Counting efficiencies under ideal conditions range from about 30 % for tritium ( a low-energy beta emitter ) to nearly 100 % for phosphorus-32 , a high-energy beta emitter .
The cucumber ( Cucumis sativus ) is a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family Cucurbitaceae , which includes squash , and in the same genus as the muskmelon .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
Charmed is an American television series that originally aired from October 7 , 1998 , until May 21 , 2006 , on The WB Television Network .
The cadaver must be monitored at all times , and if necessary , '' life saving '' procedures must be taken .
Others , such as wallabies and kangaroos ( macropods , 8 species ) , are active in the cooler parts of the day and are easier to see .
He also wrote uncredited drafts or rewrites of Speed , Waterworld , Twister and X-Men , although in interviews , Whedon disowned the latter three films .
Written in the early years of the Cold War , the novel is a critique of what Bradbury saw as issues in American society of the era .
It was named for Joseph Caldwell , presiding professor ( 1796-1797 , 1799-1804 ) and the first president ( 1804-1812 , 1816-1835 ) of the University of North Carolina .
This Salome is not considered to be the same person as Salome the disciple , who is a witness to the Crucifixion of Jesus in Mark 15:40 .
Fearing for their lives , Duncan 's sons flee , Malcolm to England and Donalbain to Ireland .
Christapor Mikaelian was born in the village of Agulis in Goghtn ( Eastern Armenia ) , now part of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
The second named storm of the season , Bret developed along a tropical wave on June 28 in the Bay of Campeche , and quickly intensified .
The term switching is generally used to refer to data forwarding between two network devices with the same network address .
Fleetwood is a town within the Wyre district of Lancashire , England , lying at the northwest corner of the Fylde .
Tremona was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
These experiences inspired Roughing It , and provided material for The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County .
For most of their recording career , The Clash consisted of Joe Strummer ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Mick Jones ( lead guitar , vocals ) , Paul Simonon ( bass guitar , backing vocals , occasional lead vocals ) and Nicky '' Topper '' Headon ( drums , percussion ) .
On October 27 , the low developed into Tropical Depression Fourteen about 860 mi ( 1380 km ) south-southwest of the western Azores , and on October 30 it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Lorenzo .
which first referred to the Roman Empire and later was extended to apply to the world in general .
The satellite is about 5 kilometres in diameter and appears gray ( color indices B-V = 0.63 , R-V = 0.36 ) , similar to C-type asteroids .
Districts in eastern Germany usually have more letters , for two reasons : Fewer people live in eastern German districts , so the number of cars registered is smaller and hence the use of three letter codes .
The more highly charged droplets are deflected to a greater degree .
The 2,500-strong Pakistan Coast Guard , headquartered in Karachi , is responsible for maritime law , and maintenance of seamarks , border control , anti-smuggling operations , and other services .
It was eventually released as Game Boy Wars Advance 1 +2 in 2004 , bundled with Black Hole Rising .
He played an aging yet ready-for-liftoff astronaut in 2000 's Space Cowboys , co-starring with director Clint Eastwood .
In South Asia , acid throwing attacks have been used as a form of revenge for refusal of sexual advances , proposals of marriage and demands for dowry .
Within the tarsus , it articulates with the calcaneus below and navicular in front .
The Hoysala era was an important period in the development of art , architecture , and religion in South India .
Many medieval cathedrals included gargoyles and chimeras .
Polish Jura , a highland region in southern Poland , hilly landscape with Jurassic limestone rocks
The Conn Smythe Trophy is awarded annually to the player judged most valuable to his team during the National Hockey League 's Stanley Cup playoffs .
Delmore Schwartz 's '' In Dreams Begin Responsibilities ''
The assault rifle , a late war development incorporating many features of the rifle and submachine gun , became the standard postwar infantry weapon for most armed forces .
Two ( Utah Saints album )
The BC Lions are a major professional sports team of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
In 1921 , Tagore and agricultural economist Leonard Elmhirst set up the Institute for Rural Reconstruction ( which Tagore later renamed Shriniketan -- '' Abode of Wealth '' ) in Surul , a village near the ashram at Santiniketan .
torrent files , Azureus allows users to view , publish and share original DVD and HD quality video content .
During this period Chinese and American units also came under the operational control of the India Command .
He conceived the idea of a periodical that would cover every topic the educated public was interested in , from commerce to poetry , and tried to convince several London printers and booksellers to take up the idea .
Tim Hortons Inc. is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts . It is also Canada 's largest fast food service .
The channel was established by the Turkish businessmen Erol Aksoy and Haldun Simavi on March 1 , 1992 .
Billboard Comprehensive Albums is not published in the print edition of Billboard magazine .
The following are the Seven Sacraments of the Catholic Church : Here listed in the traditional order ( cf .
She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 1995 , representing the electorate of South Brisbane .
Two days later on August 25 , Tropical Depression Seven formed east of Hurricane Danielle . Later that day it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Earl .
In 1866 she found her way to a school in the Montmartre quarter of Paris , where she threw herself ardently into works of charity and revolutionary politics .
Basutoland gained its independence from Britain and became the Kingdom of Lesotho in 1966 .
Peroxide compounds can be roughly classified into organic and inorganic .
One such example was constructed in the 9th century by Muslim geographers and cartographers working under the Abbasid caliph , Al-Ma ` mun .
Pluto and its largest moon , Charon , are sometimes treated as a binary system because the barycentre of their orbits does not lie within either body .
The Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) is an American non-profit public broadcasting television service with 354 member TV stations in the United States which hold collective ownership .
Kot Adu is a city of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , the city , which is subdivided into 3 Union Councils , is the capital of Kot Adu tehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Muzaffargarh - Government of Pakistan .
In the Modern Period , from the 19th century onward , the literary Hebrew tradition as pronounced in Jerusalem revived as the spoken language of modern Israel , called variously Israeli Hebrew , Modern Israeli Hebrew , Modern Hebrew , New Hebrew , Israeli Standard Hebrew , Standard Hebrew , and so on .
Sibiville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Orchestra was renamed '' Chicago Symphony Orchestra '' in 1913 .
Thiernu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It has a stocky build , rounded ears , and a short , broad head .
The BMW Compact is a compact car \/O/ small family car , basically a truncated liftback version of the BMW 3 Series , produced by the German automaker BMW between 1993 and 2004 . From 1994 , it was based on the BMW E36 platform , switching to the BMW E46 platform in 2001 .
Susan George ( born 29 June 1934 ) is a well-known political scientist and writer on global social justice , Third World poverty , underdevelopment and debt .
This would be the first discovery of rings around a moon .
AlignBars = early
Hanoi is located at , 1760 km ( 1094 mi ) north of Ho Chi Minh City , formerly called Saigon .
The great earthquake in 1707 may have caused changes in pressure in the magma chamber beneath Mount Fuji through a static stress change .
Melvin is a city in Osceola County , Iowa , United States .
They were merged in 1994 in order to form the present district .
The population was 964 at the 2000 census .
Eusébio da Silva Ferreira , GCIH , GCM ( ; born 25 January 1942 in Mozambique - then a colony of Portugal ) , popularly known simply as Eusébio , is a Portuguese former football forward of Mozambican origin .
March 1 & ndash ; Nebraska is admitted as the 37th U.S. state .
Staufen is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Alley reports on this unique airplane based at Watts Airport in 1929 , that was an experimental one-of-a-kind model .
Therefore the size of the code or circuitry required to implement such a cipher is nearly halved .
It is endemic to South Africa .
History Foundation/Early years It all began courtesy of Dr. Alexander Mackay and overseas British workers at the Rio Tinto mines , and it was originally named Huelva Recreation Club .
In Asia , Kublai Khan was proclaimed the supreme leader of the Mongol Empire , although his title was only partially recognized .
Eggnog is a sweetened dairy-based beverage made with milk , cream , sugar , beaten eggs ( which gives it a frothy texture ) , and flavoured with ground cinnamon and nutmeg ; alcoholic versions also exist with the addition of various liquors , such as brandy , rum , whiskey or advocaat .
The engraving process with diamonds is state-of-the-art since the 1960s .
He is the spokesperson of the United Opposition and also one of its candidates running for the position of Senator of the Philippines .
Please do not create attack pages . Attack pages and files are not tolerated by Wikipedia and are speedily deleted .
With their subsequent albums , the duo solidified their status as R&B artists and are credited as the first R&B duo of South Korea .
However , the phrase Year Zero may be used to describe any event considered so significant that it serves as a new base point in time .
The season introduced several new gameplay twists .
In August 1973 , he was appointed as Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army by president Salvador Allende .
Most ants are univoltine , producing a new generation each year .
Donovan James McNabb ( born November 25 , 1976 ) is an American football quarterback for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Thus , a blacksmith is a person who smites black metal .
Crescent is a city in Logan County , Oklahoma , United States .
Oklahoma State University - Stillwater & ndash ; Stillwater , Oklahoma
Naismith christened this new game '' Basket Ball '' and put his thoughts together in 13 basic rules .
As a result of the illumination , the sample emits light ( it fluoresces ) and a second optical system ( emission system ) collects the emitted light , separates it from the excitation light ( using a filter or monochromator system ) , and measures the signal using a light detector such as a photomultiplier tube ( PMT ) .
While walking along the beach rocks , Aras slipped and sliced open his hand and back , requiring a total of eight stitches .
Vaisges is a commune in the Mayenne department and Pays de la Loire region of France .
i
The Detroit Shock , a professional women 's basketball team
Sauropodomorphs first appeared on the supercontinent of Pangaea as relatively small dinosaurs , from long , during the middle or late Carnian age , at the beginning of the Late Triassic .
Edu Marangon started his career with Portuguesa , joining Flamengo , after a spell with Italian club Torino .
In the 1930s he conducted at the Salzburg Festival ( 1934 - 1937 ) and at the inaugural concert in 1936 of the Palestine Orchestra ( later renamed the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra ) in Tel Aviv , and later performed with them in Jerusalem , Haifa , Cairo and Alexandria .
The prima balalaika is played with the fingers , the sekunda and alto either with the fingers or a plectrum depending on the music being played , and the basses and contrabasses ( equipped with extension legs which rest on the floor ) are played with leather plectra .
Straight pool , also called 14.1 continuous or simply 14.1 , is a pocket billiards game , and was the common sport of championship competition until overtaken by faster-playing games like nine-ball ( and to a lesser extent eight-ball ) .
During World War II his family moved back to Orenburg and then in 1943 to Moscow .
All three belong to the genus Equus , along with other living equids .
A later episode , titled '' Out of Gas '' , reveals that Mal bought the spaceship Serenity to continue living beyond Alliance control .
Earlier in the playoffs , Thompson 's winning streak of seven playoff games was snapped ; it remains , as of 2008 , the longest playoff winning streak to start a career .
August 18 -- Brook Taylor , English mathematician ( d. 1731 )
The Synod of Hippo refers to the synod of 393 which was hosted in Hippo Regius in northern Africa during the early Christian Church .
On the several parallel '' sierras '' or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas , climate can be quite temperate and foggy , allowing the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo , home to a handful of Resplendent Quetzals and Horned Guans .
Hénin-sur-Cojeul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The neighbouring countries are the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Rice was the first African-American woman secretary of state , as well as the second African American ( after Colin Powell ) , and the second woman ( after Madeleine Albright ) .
Slovakia borders the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south .
Women who have not gone through the menopause have not had three consecutive menstrual cycles , and are not pregnant .
While she fleshed out the ideas for her book , she also decided to make Harry an orphan who attended a boarding school called Hogwarts .
The EKD is not a church in a theological understanding because of the denominational differences .
London Overground ( LO ) is an urban rail service in London .
The storm was deemed the worst ice storm in a decade for New England and the most severe in 21 years for Upstate New York .
Clinchamps-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
Also , using new Wiki technology , if the service number is blue , you can click on it for the timetable !
Laires is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
This template is used by the CommonsTicker bot ( running here as User : CommonsTickerBot ) to format entries on CommonsTicker .
Production The first episode was broadcast by the BBC on November 16 , 1969 and a further twenty-five episodes were made .
Pope Paul VI ( ; ) , born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini ( 26 September 1897 6 August 1978 ) , reigned as Pope of the Roman Catholic Church and Sovereign of Vatican City from 1963 to 1978 .
Ratatat is a New York City electronic music duo consisting of guitarist Mike Stroud and synthesizer , bass player , and producer Evan Mast .
Xinjiang ( ; Uyghur : , Shinjang ; ; Postal map spelling : Sinkiang or '' Ice Jecen '' in Manchu ) is an autonomous region ( Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ) of the People 's Republic of China and also claimed by the territory of Republic of China .
In his own book Kitchener 's Last Volunteer Allingham confirmed that he was intending to leave his body to medical science .
The Acolytes ( Faarooq and Bradshaw ) defeated WWF Tag Team Champions Edge and Christian by disqualification ( 5:29 ) Edge and Christian were disqualified after Edge hit Faarooq with a tag title belt , Edge and Christian retain the titles .
Miramax FilmsLast reel for Miramax as Disney closes studio is an art-house\/independent film production company that both produced and distributed films including foreign films over its 31-year history .
Early ISA bus soundcards were half-duplex , meaning they could n't record and play digitized sound simultaneously , mostly due to inferior card hardware ( eg , DSPs ) .
Nickel ( II ) sulfate , or just nickel sulfate , usually refers to the chemical compound with the formula NiSO4 .
Sarah Yorke Jackson ( July 16 , 1803 & ndash ; August 23 , 1887 ) was the daughter-in-law of US President Andrew Jackson .
The granules of certain cells , such as natural killer cells , contain components which can lead to the lysis of neighboring cells .
Hartman spent his childhood in Roseville , Michigan and his teen years in New Baltimore , Michigan .
Pollard assumed that the hand would just ride Lightning Bar around and show him off , but he later discovered that more was involved .
A serious fire occurs at St Paul 's Cathedral in London .
Due to its brightness , orange is used in the construction industry on road signs and safety jackets to warn passers-by of the pending dangers ahead .
The SI unit of angular velocity is radians per second , although it may be measured in other units such as degrees per second , revolutions per second , degrees per hour , etc. .
Samuel George '' Sammy '' Davis , Jr. ( December 8 , 1925 -- May 16 , 1990 ) was an American entertainer .
Doubting Castle , the home of Giant Despair and his wife ; only one key could open its doors and gates , the key Promise .
River Ely , a river in Wales that flows through Cardiff
For example , a school can have an interim principal , or a country can have an interim prime minister .
He has won several awards , including a Grammy and multiple Juno Awards .
On May 6 , 2008 , the Burma government representation in New York formally asked the United Nations for help , but in other ways it remained resistant to the most basic assistance .
Kenta Kano ( , born May 2 , 1986 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
Izernore is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
At age 17 , Harding assembled a group of musicians to perform Pierrot Lunaire of Arnold Schoenberg , and sent a tape of the performance to Rattle in Birmingham .
The band has released four albums to date .
The name Treaty of Berlin is attached to several treaties :
Molokai is noted for the numerous Hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore .
Use of the singular form lyric to refer to a song 's complete set of words is grammatically acceptable .
Suspected in the assassination of Kennedy as well , Oswald denied involvement in either killing .
Upstate New York is a region of New York State north of the core of the New York metropolitan area .
Jason White ( born November 11 , 1973 in Little Rock , Arkansas ) is an American guitarist who has played in various punk rock bands .
Teams had to make two mandatory pit stops during the Feature Race , one between laps eight and sixteen , and another during a pit window , which was not announced until the first window has closed .
She tells him that he should n't try to stop being Hercules , not for her or the children .
Living Snakes of the World in Color .
In January 1920 , Emanuel Lasker and Capablanca signed an agreement to play a World Championship match in 1921 , noting that Capablanca was not free to play in 1920 .
A goal is worth 6 points whereas a behind is worth 1 point .
It is sometimes referred to as the World , the Blue Planet , or by its Latin name , Terra .
Otto Klemperer engaged him as his assistant at the Kroll Opera in Berlin ( Klemperer , lacking confidence in his own abilities , expected Borchard to critique his conducting technique ) .
The French and Indian War is the common U.S. name for the war between Great Britain and France in North America from 1754 to 1763 .
He is also known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) and Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) and internationally in Canadian , Mexican , and Japanese promotions .
In 1840 Wilson petitioned the government to build a road from Braidwood to Huskisson to enable faster and cheaper shipping of the wool clip to Sydney and , with Col. John Mackenzie , supplied the materials and labor for the Braidwood to Nerriga section .
Holiday first toured Europe in 1954 as part of a Leonard Feather package that also included Buddy DeFranco and Red Norvo .
After a volley and a charge with bayonets , Mexican soldiers pushed the few remaining defenders back toward the church .
On April 20 , 1981 , the call sign was changed to WPXI ( Pittsburgh 11 , with XI being the Roman numeral sign for 11 ) .
He has been honored with a knighthood ( 1988 ) and as a Companion of Honour ( 2001 ) .
Louis XV and Louis XVI When the court of King Louis XV returned to Versailles in 1722 , the city had 24,000 inhabitants .
The club installed new electronic screen\/scoreboards at either end of the stadium during the off-season , 2007 .
As Nintendo 's mascot , Mario is arguably the most famous character in video game history , and his image is commonly associated with video games .
Vanilla is a shy girl .
In physical geography , a dune is a hill of sand built by aeolian processes .
John IX was Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 898 to 900 .
Mozilla Thunderbird is a free , open source , cross-platform e-mail and news client developed by the Mozilla Foundation .
Leroy & Stitch is an animated film created by Walt Disney Television Animation .
Béréziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Little is known about their distribution in New Guinea . They have been found in southern New Guinea between Merauke in the west and the Kelp Welsh River , east of Port Moresby , in the east , where they may be found in open woodland .
The film was nominated for two Academy Awards : Best Actress in a Supporting Role ( Mariel Hemingway ) and Best Writing , Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen .
The present monarch of Saint Kitts and Nevis is Queen Elizabeth II .
After they were killed by the Bolsheviks , it was discovered Anastasia and her sisters were all wearing amulets bearing Rasputin 's picture and a prayer .
Together , Wordsworth and Coleridge ( with insights from Dorothy ) produced Lyrical Ballads ( 1798 ) , an important work in the English Romantic movement .
They are corkish and can flake off .
It sold less than half as many copies as Blood Sugar Sex Magik and received much less critical acclaim .
In cryptography , a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher operating on fixed-length groups of bits , termed blocks , with an unvarying transformation .
Herr Drosselmeyer then produces three life-size dolls , which each take a turn to dance .
La Neuville-Housset is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
on August 14 , 2002 .
After an ecological disaster leads to two longstanding enemies -- the Federation and the Klingon Empire -- brokering a tenuous truce , the crew of the USS Enterprise-A must prevent war from breaking out on the eve of universal peace .
It is the largest city in Northern Finland and the sixth largest city in the country .
For this work , he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1911 .
It is the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast , and is the birthplace of Vladimir Lenin , for whom it is named .
This idea , and a detailed examination of the underlying processes , was first extensively explored by George Lakoff and Mark Johnson in their work Metaphors We Live By .
Syria changed its name to the Syrian Arab Republic on 14 September 1971 .
It rolls into a spiny ball for defense .
History and development of the hand plane Hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
Michael Duane Johnson ( born September 13 , 1967 ) is a retired American sprinter .
He joined Cartoon Network within several months of its inception ( in 1992 ) , coming over from sister company CNN .
The oldest known iconographic representation of an instrument displaying the essential features of a guitar is a 3,300 year old stone carving of a Hittite bard .
Their first post-war concert occurred on September 16 , 1945 , performing Gustav Mahler 's Symphony No. 3 .
Anybody ( jedermann ) can participate in these races over 55 km , 100 km and 155 km .
Air India has three subsidiaries . Together Air India , Air India Cargo , Air India Express and Air India Regional form the Air India Limited .
Sebastian Vettel ( born July 3 , 1987 in Heppenheim , West Germany ) is a German race car driver , and the 2009 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship Runner-up .
The Agency was created on December 12 , 2003 ( the same day Paul Martin became Prime Minister of Canada ) , by an order-in-council amalgamating Canada Customs ( from the now-defunct Canada Customs and Revenue Agency ) with border and enforcement personnel from the Department of Citizenship and Immigration Canada ( CIC ) and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency ( CFIA ) .
Wikipedia will nonetheless block the accounts of any users who appear to be using the site for inappropriate purposes , such as trying to form or legitimize relationships with children .
Sanibel is a city in Lee County , Florida , United States , on Sanibel Island .
Humbercamps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The southern reaches of Camden form part of Central London .
February 5 & ndash ; In Edinburgh , Scotland claimant King Charles II of England is declared King in his absence .
It is Richard Wagner , however , who is the composer most often associated with leitmotifs .
Bebhionn ( BEV-een ) or Saturn XXXVII ( provisional designation S/2004 S 11 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Salonen 's U.S. conducting debut with the orchestra was in 1984 , and has conducted every season since .
He traveled to Australia in 1838 with the Goulds and spent the next few years collecting natural history specimens for Gould 's planned publications including Birds of Australia .
The film was originally scheduled to be released on November 15 , 2002 , but was delayed until April 4 , 2003 due to the Beltway sniper attacks .
Apollo 14 was the eighth manned mission in the Apollo program and the third mission to land on the Moon .
Often described as the '' backbone of England '' , .
October 19 & ndash ; Henry III becomes King of England .
Established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares .
SDS was the organizational high point for student radicalism in the United States and has been an important influence on student organizing in the decades since its collapse .
John Caius , English physician ( d. 1573 )
Saint Martin ( ) , officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin ( French : Collectivité de Saint-Martin ) is an overseas collectivity of France located in the Caribbean .
Suguru Hashimoto is a Japanese football player , who currently plays attacking midfielder for F.C. Gifu in the J. League .
The film cost $ 95 million to make . In its opening weekend in North America the film ranked number two ; and in its first weekend the film grossed $ 38.8 million .
Explanation of the novel 's title Title of the novel refers to person of Miranda from Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Treasure Planet features the voices of Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Brian Murray , David Hyde Pierce , Martin Short , Roscoe Lee Browne , and Emma Thompson .
Podensac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Specifically , the hash function is used to map the search key to the hash .
In 1863 , the San Francisco and San Jose Rail Road named a nearby station '' Menlo Park '' after the sign .
Faucoucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1993 , New Line Cinema was acquired by Ted Turner 's Turner Broadcasting System , which then merged with Time Warner in 1996 .
Due to the migration of Mapudungun speaking peoples and the subsequent Araucanization in Argentina , the Pehuenche dialect is spoken in Neuquén ( from Valdivia to Neuquén ) .
The Bahraini national football team is the national team of the Kingdom of Bahrain and is controlled by the Bahrain Football Association ; it was founded in 1951 and joined FIFA in 1966 .
Fatal 4-Way ( also known as 4-Way Finale in France ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on June 20 , 2010 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale , New York .
One of these deaths was the result of a mud slide that killed a man was in Xalapa , Veracruz .
In accounting , gross profit or sales profit is the difference between revenue and the cost of making a product or providing a service , before deducting overhead , payroll , taxation , and interest payments .
These include the Kalenjin , Luo , Ateker , Dinka , Nuer , Shilluk and the Maa-speaking peoples & ndash ; all which are clusters of several ethnic groups .
I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball , Desi Arnaz , Vivian Vance , and William Frawley .
You may also be looking for .
There are three main strategic differences between earlier stages of the game and endgame :
In his famous Fly Room at Columbia University Morgan was able to demonstrate that genes are carried on chromosomes and are the mechanical basis of heredity .
History She was born in Boulogne , France , the daughter of Eustace III , Count of Boulogne and his wife Mary of Scotland , daughter of King Malcolm III of Scotland and Saint Margaret of Scotland .
Agency is a city in Wapello County , Iowa , United States .
Pope Urban I succeeds Pope Callixtus I as pope .
The strong force is thought to be mediated by gluons , acting upon quarks , antiquarks , and the gluons themselves .
He was born Johann Ludwig von Krosigk in Rathmannsdorf , Anhalt , Germany to a father from an old noble family of Anhalt and a mother who was a daughter of a Count ( Graf ) von Schwerin .
Macbeth is a tragedy by William Shakespeare about a regicide and its aftermath .
Arts groups in Kanata include the Kanata Symphony , Kanata Civic Art Gallery and Kanata Theatre .
Dogs have been selectively bred for thousands of years , sometimes by inbreeding dogs from the same ancestral lines , sometimes by mixing dogs from very different lines .
Portsoy ( Gaelic : Port Saoidh ) is a burgh in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , formerly in the county of Banffshire .
Both states ceased to exist in 1950 when they were merged into Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Ordinary Things : Poems From a Walk in Early Spring is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher , illustrated by Walter Lyon Krudop .
She was also wife of King Stephen of England and Queen of England .
The electron microscope ( EM ) uses a particle beam of electrons to illuminate the specimen and create a magnified image of it .
It is owned and operated by Sony Music Entertainment .
In 1789 , William Higgins published views on what he called combinations of '' ultimate '' particles , which foreshadowed the concept of valency bonds .
In particular , their advanced audio capabilities and various sensory interfaces make them popular with the circuit bending community .
The city of Hiawatha maintains three parks .
On his death in 1952 , Elizabeth became Head of the Commonwealth , and queen of seven independent Commonwealth countries : the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , and Ceylon .
Their kimono , more elaborate than a maiko 's , are intended to do the talking for them .
Founded by anti-slavery expansion activists in 1854 , it is often called the Grand Old Party or the GOP , despite being the younger of the two major parties .
Crackdown was developed by Realtime Worlds , and distributed by Microsoft Game Studios .
In Swedish , it also occurs in names , for example Antonia Ax : son Johnson ( Ax : son for Axelson ) .
The venom appears to be weakly neurotoxic and possibly cytotoxic with localized effects , but these effects are trivial for adult humans , and serious medical consequences have been limited to children due to their low mass .
The Imperial Household has designated an official mausoleum at Saki no Tatanami no ike no e no Misasagi at Nara in what was formerly Yamato province.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Saugor was the seat of a Maratha governor , and the northern portion of the territory was ceded by the Maratha Peshwa , the southern portion , which included Jabalpur and the upper Narmada River valley , was ceded by the Bhonsle maharaja of Nagpur .
Roman Catholic clergy wear a type of cape known as a ferraiolo , which is worn for formal events outside of a liturgical context .
In recent years , ILP techniques have been used to provide performance improvements in spite of the growing disparity between processor operating frequencies and memory access times ( early ILP designs such as the IBM 360 used ILP techniques to overcome the limitations imposed by a relatively small register file ) .
On January 25 , 1938 , he was arrested after vocally disputing the detention of a black friend by police .
The underside is off-white and the neck is collared with black which extends to the sides of the head .
double-edged blade used for hitting stabbing or thrusting .
Starke is a city in Bradford County , Florida , United States .
Tonkawa is a city in Kay County , Oklahoma , United States , along the Salt Fork Arkansas River .
The seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory is at St. Mary 's Cathedral and the Church of Ireland Bishop of Cashel and Ossory is at St. Canice 's Cathedral .
Borg 's six French Open singles titles remains a record in the Open era for a male player .
The hyperspace feature could be used as a last-ditch means to evade enemy missiles , but the reentry from hyperspace would occur at a random location and there was an increasing probability of the ship exploding with each use .
The Great Seal of the State of Colorado is an adaptation of the Territorial Seal which was adopted by the First Territorial Assembly on November 6 , 1861 .
Chris Melling ( born 21 September 1984 in Ashton-in-Makerfield , Greater Manchester ) is an English rugby league player for Harlequins Rugby League in the European Super League .
Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It developed from a tropical wave near the Bahamas on August 25 , and gradually strengthened as it moved northwestward .
For most of its life it refused to allow women to become members , ostensibly on the grounds that women would affect the sound of the orchestra ( there has been a similar controversy at the Vienna Philharmonic ) .
The gross weight of a set with all seats occupied was approximately 70 tons , giving 6.8 h per ton .
The French established a network of fur trading posts and Jesuit missions along the Mississippi River system and the upper Great Lakes .
The name derives from the Greek currency drachma .
May 11 & ndash ; Moscow Uprising of 1682 : A mob takes over the Kremlin and lynches the leading boyars and military commanders .
One reason for this is that it is more difficult for comparisons to be made between the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located in the center of the district , the Union Council has a population of 65,776 .
Georges Auguste Escoffier ( 28 October 1846 - 12 February 1935 ) was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .
Atlases have traditionally been bound into book form , but today many atlases are in multimedia formats .
That is to say that sufferers , with such a type of depression , can in some cases appear to take a long time to get everything done .
The Seychelles national football team , nicknamed the Pirates , is the national team of the Seychelles and is controlled by the SFF .
IUPAC .
Often drawing on sources from medieval history , as well as the traditional stories and music of her native Scotland , she is best known for her operas and theatre works , although she has also achieved considerable international renown for her extensive catalogue of orchestral and chamber works .
At 08:23:38 , Atta tried to make an announcement to the passengers but pressed the wrong button and sent the message to BATC .
Virtue and Moir began skating together in 1997 .
East of Hinche , Bassin Zim is a 20 m waterfall in a lush setting , a 30-minute drive from town .
Sexual Behavior in the Human Male , p. 651 7 % of single females ( ages 20-35 ) and 4 % of previously married females ( ages 20-35 ) were given a rating of 3 ( about equal heterosexual and homosexual experience/response ) on Kinsey Heterosexual-Homosexual Rating Scale for this period of their lives .
Plath was born during the Great Depression on October 27 , 1932 in Jamaica Plain , Massachusetts , to Aurelia Schobert Plath , a first-generation American of Austrian descent , and Otto Emile Plath , an immigrant from Grabow , Germany .
He won a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives as Hawaii 's first full member , and took office on August 21 , 1959 , the same date Hawaii became a state ; he was reelected in 1960 .
Deaths due to catastrophic flooding made it the second deadliest Atlantic hurricane in history ; nearly 11,000 people were killed with over 11,000 left missing by the end of 1998 .
He attended the University of Nebraska at Kearney and graduated in 1984 .
The most common editions of the operating system were Windows XP Home Edition , which was targeted at home users , and Windows XP Professional , which offered additional features such as support for Windows Server domains and two physical processors , and was targeted at power users , business and enterprise clients .
Bernardo Tolomei ( d. 1348 ) , theologian
The total area is 45.33 km which gives a population density of 296 inhabitants per km .
The Todd River was named after Sir Charles himself .
The Indian Rhinoceros or the Great One-horned Rhinoceros or the Asian One-horned Rhinoceros ( Rhinoceros unicornis ) is a large mammal primarily found in north-eastern India and Nepal .
Tenkodogo is the capital city of Boulgou Province and Centre-Est Region in Burkina Faso with a population of 40,839 (/O2006/O) .
names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
One of his last compositions was the '' Hymn of the United Nations '' . He conducted its first performance in a special concert at the United Nations on October 24 , 1971 , two months before his 95th birthday .
Port is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The South Africa national football team or Bafana Bafana is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association .
Animals may bite in self-defense , in an attempt to predate food , as well as part of normal interactions .
Sea urchin is one of the favorite foods of sea otters and is also the main source of nutrition for wolf eels .
Participants talk openly with onlookers while masturbating to share techniques and describe the pleasure and benefits.Masturbate-a-thon by The Center For Sex & Cultureviewlondon .
Svalbard was made a part of Norway by the Svalbard Act of 1925 .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
If no reliable third-party sources can be found on a topic , Wikipedia should not have an article about it .
An Indonesian endemic , the Javan Hawk-eagle is distributed in humid tropical forests of Java . Because of the plumages variability of Spizaetus eagle , the Javan Hawk-eagle was not recognized as a full species until 1953 .
On July 5 , 2008 , Couch finally realized his goal of interstate travel when he landed his lawnchair safely in western Idaho .
After all the guests have taken tea , the host cleans the utensils in preparation for putting them away .
It is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic center .
Rosary beads are at times used to say Roman Catholic rosary based prayers which do not primarily involve the Hail Mary and the mysteries of the rosary .
The acre is a unit of area in a number of different systems , including the imperial and U.S. customary systems . The most commonly used acres today are the international acre and , in the United States , the survey acre .
Gloucestershire ( ) is a county in South West England .
He was a strong contender for the World Chess Championship from the mid-1930s to the mid-1960s ; coming equal third in the World Chess Championship 1948 tournament , and equal second in the 1953 Candidates Tournament .
The result was Resolution 181 , a partition plan to divide Palestine between Jews and Arabs .
Henrik Edward '' Henke '' Larsson MBE ( ; born 20 September 1971 in Helsingborg , Scania , Sweden ) is a professional association football player currently playing for Helsingborg .
The libretto was written by Konstantin Shilovsky and the composer and his brother Modest , and is based on the novel in verse by Alexander Pushkin .
Narita Airport Station is a train station located beneath Terminal 1 of Narita International Airport in Narita , Chiba Prefecture , Japan .
His opium addiction at the time , Jean Cocteau Biography - Jean Cocteau Website Cocteau said , was only coincidental , due to a chance meeting with Louis Laloy , the administrator of the Monte Carlo Opera .
Ringwood is a town in Major County , Oklahoma , United States .
Audrey Hepburn , An Elegant Spirit : A Son Remembers ( New York : Atria , 2003 ) .
Research on this equivalence has led to new insights on quantum chromodynamics , the fundamental theory of the strong nuclear force .
Euston is the main rail gateway from London to the West Midlands , the North West , North Wales and part of Scotland .
It is part of WWE 's '' classic four '' pay-per-views , along with WrestleMania , Survivor Series , and SummerSlam .
Lindera benzoin , ( spicebush )
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce , '' We have some planes , just stay quiet and you 'll be okay .
The districts are at an intermediate level of administration between the ( German states ) and the local \/O/ municipal levels ( ) .
In 1998 , she appeared as Melissa Hauer in a first-season episode of the Steven Bochco crime-drama Brooklyn South , as Leanne in two episodes of Beverly Hills , 90210 and as Layla in an episode of The Love Boat : The Next Wave .
Shatranj ke Khiladi ( The Chess Players ) revolved around the decadence of nawabi Lucknow , where the obsession with a game consumes the players , making them oblivious of their responsibilities in the midst of a crisis .
Climbing the last metal lattice fence , the two were discovered and came under fire from the NVA border troops .
Whole Foods Profile And , dill oil can be extracted from the leaves , stems and seeds of the plant .
In 1625 Charles I took up the previous plans and erected the Baronetage of Scotland and Nova Scotia .
Crystal Lake is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
He remained finance minister until 1940 , when World War II consumed his time .
The carnival consists of four well defined phases which include the pre-carnival , the arrival of the Castaneda Family , the day of the blacks and the day of the whites .
The Night Before Christmas is a 1941 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 3rd Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera , produced by Fred Quimby and animated by Jack Zander , George Gordon , Irven Spence and Billie Littlejohn .
The night passed by , and Scheherazade stopped in the middle of the story . The King asked her to finish , but Scheherazade said there was not time , as dawn was breaking .
Berg set Lulu to one side to write the concerto , which he dedicated '' To the memory of an angel . ''
It is the ninth animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , and the fourth package film by Disney .
The two had mutual interests : Cherubini was a keen amateur painter and Ingres enjoyed practising the violin .
Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park , Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings .
Level 5 : Royal Museum : Cruella 's dog Fluffy asks for your help to retrieve several misplaced artifacts ( plus a jelly donut ) and give you a heads up about one of her henchman .
Fluke designs use large fluke surfaces to develop very large resistance to loads once they dig into the seabed .
Ceremonial Oath was a Swedish extreme metal band who formed in 1988 under the name '' Desecrator '' , changed their name to Ceremonial Oath in 1990 and disbanded in 1995 .
For these there are either many people speaking them , or they have been recognized to be very important for Indian culture .
The Middle Kingdom is the period in the history of ancient Egypt stretching from the establishment of the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of the Fourteenth Dynasty , between 2080 BC and 1640 BC , although some writers include the Thirteenth and Fourteenth dynasties in the Second Intermediate Period .
History In The United Kingdom in the 1940s , most of the herring catch was pickled and exported to other Northern European countries .
Zhou Dynasty ( 1045 BC -- 256 BC ) , a Chinese Dynasty split into two eras , Western and Eastern
It was discovered by David L. Rabinowitz , then of the University of Arizona 's Spacewatch Project , and named after Pholus , the brother of the mythological Chiron , after which 2060 Chiron was named in order to follow the tradition of naming this class of outer planet crossing objects after centaurs .
Crohn 's disease is thought to be an autoimmune disease , in which the body 's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal tract , causing inflammation ; it is classified as a type of inflammatory bowel disease .
The Faulkner neighborhood is generally bounded by Ferry St on the west , the City of Everett on the South , Maplewood / Maplewood St on the east and Salem Street on the north .
A team of sled dogs may consist of anywhere from three to two dozen dogs .
The superfamily Geomyoidea is among the few superfamilial relationships in rodents that is not subject to much controversy .
By the 18th century , the nation had greatly expanded through conquest , annexation , and exploration to become the Russian Empire , which was the third largest empire in history , stretching from Poland in Europe to Alaska in North America .
Constituencies and MPAs - Website of the Provincial Assembly of the NWFP The chief city of the district is Bannu .
The lack of pack-ice would have allowed Scandinavians to go '' a-Viking '' or '' raiding '' .
The Vietcong began an assassination campaign in early 1957 .
Areopagitica : A speech of Mr. John Milton for the liberty of unlicensed printing to the Parliament of England is a 1644 prose polemical tract by English author John Milton against censorship .
Increasing grievances over the denial of civil rights , mistreatment and abuse of natives by colonial authorities gave rise to a struggle for independence in the 1930s , when the Youth Leagues opposed the '' Ministers ' Memorandum , '' which asked the colonial authority to increase the powers of the board of ministers without granting popular representation or civil freedoms .
However , a new translation of two stanzas of the Rig Veda suggest that the Brahmins may have had the idea , common among small-scale societies around the world , that an individual cycles back and forth between the earth and a heavenly realm of ancestors .
Football League One ( often referred to as League One for short or Npower League 1 for sponsorship reasons ) is the second-highest division of The Football League and third-highest division overall in the English football league system .
Since the late 1990s devil facial tumour disease has reduced the devil population significantly and now threatens the survival of the species , which in May 2009 was declared to be endangered .
History '' La Marseillaise '' is a song written and composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle in Strasbourg on April 25 , 1792 .
Pressiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The paper occupied the building at the corner of Colorado Blvd . and Oakland Avenue for years , now being used by Technique at Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts and 24 Hour Fitness .
However , on occasion the sweet-natured Maria could be mischievous .
It is half-way between Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , and Amarillo , Texas on Interstate 40 and the former U.S. Route 66 .
The books are written in first-person narrative , primarily through Bella 's eyes with the epilogue of the third book and a part of the fourth book being from Jacob 's point of view .
During the next 12 years Finland , Australia , and New Zealand also joined the organization .
Michelle Ingrid Williams ( born September 9 , 1980 ) is an American actress .
Dysnomia , officially ( 136199 ) Eris I Dysnomia , is the only known moon of the dwarf planet Eris ( the largest known dwarf planet in the Solar System ) .
He was well known as a coauthor of the scientific paper that warned of the dangers of nuclear winter .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Ultimately there were 43 trains each of which were made up of two four-car units .
When Sun Ce was assassinated by the retainers of Xu Gong , whom Sun Ce had killed in battle several years prior , in 200 , the eighteen-year-old Sun Quan inherited the lands southeast of the Yangtze River from his brother .
The name Mitrovica comes from the 14th century , from Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki , but there are some other legends on the origin of its name .
The longest escalator is at Angel station , 60 m long , with a vertical rise of 27.5 m/O. They run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year , with 95 % of them operational at any one time and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour .
Mechanics Both water and air arrive together in the camera aeolis ( wind chamber ) .
Except for the rolling stock of the Airport Express , all trains are designed with features to cope with high density passenger traffic on frequently used services .
Referred to as '' the father of modern pathology , '' he is considered one of the founders of social medicine .
Cocteau used his contacts to get Genet 's novel published , and in 1949 , when Genet was threatened with a life sentence after ten convictions , Cocteau and other prominent figures , including Jean-Paul Sartre and Pablo Picasso , successfully petitioned the French President to have the sentence set aside .
The largest union in the AFL-CIO is the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) , with more than a million members , since 2005 when several large unions split away from AFL-CIO .
Alden B. Dow ( April 10 , 1904 , Midland , Michigan - August 20 , 1983 ) was an American architect ; he was the son of Herbert Henry Dow ( founder of the Dow Chemical Company ) and Grace A. Dow .
and he is best known for a discovery he made there in 1890 .
Postcode data are stored , maintained and periodically updated in the Postcode Address File database , along with the full address data for around 27.5 million delivery points .
( For the official version of the arms that are in use see the website of the Dutch Royal House )
In the first year of its foundation , Anton LaVey and the Church of Satan attracted considerable media attention by publicly performing a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and radical journalist John Raymond .
Macroevolution : Its definition , Philosophy and History Macroevolution and the modern evolutionary synthesis Within the Modern Synthesis school of thought , macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution .
The Labor Party had controlled the London County Council from 1934 and by the 1950s the Conservative Government considered that elections were becoming one-sided , since the LCC covered only the inner ( generally Labour-voting ) districts .
Concept learning is the induction of a concept ( category ) from observations
In 2006 readers of AskMen.com voted Alba No. 1 on 99 Most Desirable Women , while in 2007 , Maxim Magazine placed Alba on the number 2 spot of their '' Top 100 '' .
Pendulums are used to regulate pendulum clocks , and are used in scientific instruments such as accelerometers and seismometers .
This is important , as some stores can be fined for selling out of date products , and most if not all will have to mark such products down as wasted , leading to a loss of profit .
At this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
Chad Javon OchocincoLegal name changing papers ( born Chad Javon Johnson on January 9 , 1978 , in Bengals ' Johnson talks the talk but walks the walk ) is an American football wide receiver for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
The German libretto is by Christoph Friedrich Bretzner with adaptations by Gottlieb Stephanie .
The spectra of the V-type asteroids or Vestoids are similar to that of 4 Vesta , by far the largest asteroid in this class ( hence the name ) .
)
A Democrat , Inouye is the chairman of the influential United States Senate Committee on Appropriations .
Attila 's Fortified Camp , Romania -- Probably the great ruins at Saden ( Zsadany , Jadani , now Cornesti - jud .
Data parallelism Data parallelism is parallelism inherent in program loops , which focuses on distributing the data across different computing nodes to be processed in parallel .
It consists of three tribes , 16 genera , and many species of New World rats and mice , predominantly found in North America .
The wood is heavy and yellow in color as well as fine-grained , and unlike many other aromatic woods it retains its fragrance for decades .
For example , Paulo Freire referred to his method of teaching adult humans as '' critical pedagogy '' .
The first English settlers did not widely use log cabins , building in forms more traditional to them . Few log cabins dating from the 18th century still stand , but they were not intended as permanent dwellings .
It was the most significant act of terrorism on American soil until the September 11 attacks in 2001 , claiming the lives of 168 victims and injuring more than 680 .
The trading relationship predated European settlement by some 200 years .
The narrator , six-year-old Scout Finch , lives with her older brother Jem and their widowed father Atticus , a middle-aged lawyer .
Classical physics traditionally included the fields of mechanics , optics , electricity , magnetism , acoustics and thermodynamics .
It is famous for the large lake situated there which is a popular tourist attraction .
During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes , recently restored , which are Arezzo 's most famous works .
Legend = columns :3 left :30 top :58 columnwidth :270
The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and therefore higher resolution .
Uniform instruction format , using a single word with the opcode in the same bit positions in every instruction , demanding less decoding ;
It was the 11th event under the No Way Out name and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
Mauriac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Fiesta Bowl , now sponsored by Tostitos tortilla chips , is a United States college football bowl game played annually at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Arizona .
The two girls shared a room , often wore variations of the same dress , and spent much of their time together .
Mega Man 3 , known as Rockman 3 Dr. Wily no Saigo ! ?
Miles per hour is a unit of speed , measured in imperial units expressing the number of international miles covered in one hour .
The rebec dates back to the Middle Ages and was particularly popular in the 15th and 16th centuries .
Other sightings may have been of actual land , wrongly located through observational errors due to chronometer failure , adverse weather or simple incompetence .
By reducing emissions , energy conservation is an important part of lessening climate change .
The official forecasts from the National Hurricane Center predicted the cyclone would weaken further in the highly sheared environment before becoming an extratropical system again .
Brito , real name Hércules de Brito Ruas , ( born 9 August 1939 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a former football ( soccer ) player from Brazil .
The leaves are alternately arranged , simple , often lobed , more often lobed on juvenile shoots than on mature trees , and serrated on the margin .
The name Social Democratic Party or Social Democrats has been used by a large number of political parties in various countries around the world .
He is best known for his 1988 hit song '' Do n't Worry , Be Happy '' .
The Danish Center of Urban History ( ) is a research and communication center for the history of cities in Denmark .
After becoming editor of Asimov 's , Dozois 's fiction output dwindled , but he is now making a comeback , with his 2006 novelette '' Counterfactual '' winning the Sidewise Award for best alternate-history short story .
