The Wehrmacht ( Defence Force ) was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Charles Monroe Schulz ( November 26 , 1922 - February 12 , 2000 ) was an American cartoonist , whose comic strip Peanuts proved one of the most popular and influential in the history of the medium , and is still widely reprinted on a daily basis .
Thomas Morley ( 1557 or 1558 & ndash ; October 1602 ) was an English composer , theorist , editor and organist of the Renaissance , and the foremost member of the English Madrigal School .
Rather , a good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits .
Siarnaq ( SEE-ar-naak ) , or Saturn XXIX , is a prograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
He died in London in 1623 , in the house of a friend , almost certainly on 30 November and was buried on 1 December , 1623 at St Bride 's Fleet Street .
Virginia died there on January 30 , 1847 .
August 29 & ndash ; The Janissaries of Suleiman the Magnificent take Buda by ruse , hiding themselves as visitors .
Gossip Girl is an American teen drama series based on the book series of the same name written by Cecily von Ziegesar .
Typically , the smaller lemurs are nocturnal , while the larger ones are diurnal .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
He warns them that if they do not cooperate during the play , the cage will be opened , sending Sunny to her death .
Timothy Theodore '' Tim '' Duncan ( born April 25 , 1976 ) is a Virgin Islander American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
WayOutWest Records is a London-based independent record label .
Brazos Country , Texas - Handbook of Texas .
Ballarat ( ) Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
In cows , abortion may be caused by contagious disease , such as Brucellosis or Campylobacter , but can often be controlled by vaccination .
Plans for a single contract were abandoned in favor of 25 engineering contracts and 10 electrical and mechanical contracts .
When the Xserve was introduced in 2002 , it was Apple 's first designated server hardware design since the Apple Network Servers of 1996 .
Seyss-Inquart drafted the legislative act reducing Austria to a province of Germany and signed it into law on 13 March .
It is the support town for the large Australia ski resort Mount Buller .
In 1603 Philip II of Spain captured Porto Azzurro and built there two fortresses .
After having cooled , the soap is poured into molds . ''
Likewise , orthography refers to the method and rules of observed writing structure ( literal meaning , '' correct writing '' ) , and particularly for alphabetic systems , includes the concept of spelling .
Greenville is the seat of Greenville County , in upstate South Carolina , United States . Greenville is the sixth largest city ( by population ) in the state of South Carolina .
Dainville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Seiffen in the East Ore Mountains is a centre of the wooden toy industry .
Other districts of King 's Lynn include the town center , North Lynn , South Lynn , and Gaywood .
Briord is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Souillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz ( lead vocals ) , Ian D'Sa ( lead guitar and backing vocals ) , Jon Gallant ( bass guitar and backing vocalist ) and Aaron Solowoniuk ( drums and percussion ) .
The Stod River originates from this glacier .
Beginning writing in 1984 , he had his first novel A Time To Kill published in June 1989 .
Use of a four wheel drive vehicle is recommended to traverse the trail and no amenities may be found on the trail itself .
In legend , the creature brings baskets filled with colored eggs , candy and sometimes also toys to the homes of children on the night before Easter .
I 'm not really a character actor at all ... ''
Oceanic lithosphere Oceanic lithosphere consists mainly of mafic crust and ultramafic mantle ( peridotite ) and is denser than continental lithosphere , for which the mantle is associated with crust made of felsic rocks .
Katonah , New York is one of three unincorporated hamlets within the town of Bedford , New York , United States .
The Gothic Bible or Wulfila Bible is the Christian Bible as translated by Wulfila into the Gothic language spoken by the Eastern Germanic , or Gothic Tribes .
Fort Worth , Texas
Prior the start of the season , the Colorado Rockies moved to East Rutherford , New Jersey where they were renamed New Jersey Devils .
Pete Burns , had extensive polyacrylamide injections into his lips , along with cheek implants , several nose re-shapings and many tattoos
This , the United States ' greatest evaporation potential , means that even a 12-foot-deep , 30-mile-long lake would dry up in a single year .
The Han River and its surrounding area played an important role in Korean history .
Traditionally , this required trusted couriers , diplomatic bags , or some other secure channel .
Hoover Dam , once known as Boulder Dam , is a concrete arch-gravity dam in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River , on the border between the US states of Arizona and Nevada .
This triggered anger among segments of the Korean populace .
Most heteromyids live in complex burrows within the deserts and grasslands of western North America , though species within the Heteromys and Liomys genera are also found in forests and extend down as far as northern South America .
Shire names in Wales Shires in Wales bearing the '' - shire '' suffix include : Brecknockshire ( or Breconshire ) , Caernarvonshire , Cardiganshire , Carmarthenshire , Denbighshire , Flintshire , Monmouthshire , Montgomeryshire , Pembrokeshire , and Radnorshire .
In the viviparous animals ( which include humans and all other placental mammals ) , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , receiving nutrition directly from the mother .
Toffee ( i.e. caramel ) popcorn is also available , but tends to be more expensive .
Dumbledore , who was dying from a slow-spreading curse , wanted to protect Snape 's position within the Death Eaters and spare Draco from completing Voldemort 's task to murder him .
Still other types of radioactive decay were found which emit previously seen particles , but by different mechanisms .
Lance Edward Armstrong ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 ) is an American professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Regny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Similarly , the new government of the Irish Free State replaced both the Provisional Government of Southern Ireland and the Government of the Irish Republic although W. T. Cosgrave , the first President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State had , in any event , led both governments since August 1922 .
In Dutch peanut butter is called pindakaas ( peanut cheese ) , because the name butter was protected in the Netherlands when peanut butter came on the market in that country ( 1948 ) .
On 15 January 2010 , Gilbert joined Championship side Peterborough United on loan until the end of the season .
He was born on Newington Plantation in King and Queen County , Virginia and educated at the College of William and Mary .
After the end of World War II Altfuldisch was charged by the U.S. military court at Dachau to have participated in '' executions of special ethnic groups or war prisoners '' .
The term state church is associated with Christianity , historically the state church of the Roman Empire , and is sometimes used to denote a specific modern national branch of Christianity .
More complex arguments in ecosystem valuation regard environmental ethics and deep ecology . Economists and some ecologists concentrate upon nature 's services and the assignment of values in a service economy to all that Nature does '' for humans '' .
Krist Anthony Novoselic II ( ; ) ( born May 16 , 1965 ) is an American Croat rock musician , best known for being the bassist and co-founder of the grunge band Nirvana .
In 1842 , Florida physician John Gorrie used compressor technology to create ice , which he used to cool air for his patients in his hospital in Apalachicola , Florida .
Despite the '' .44 '' designation , all guns chambered for the .44 Magnum case , and its parent case , the .44 Special , use bullets of approximately 0.429 in .
The Irukandji is believed to be the most poisonous creature in the world , but some people are not sure that is true .
He first came to prominence with a series of radio news broadcasts during World War II , which were followed by millions of listeners in the United States and Canada .
After Cromwell 's death , and his son Richard 's resignation as Lord Protector , Charles II was invited to return as monarch in 1660 with the Restoration .
Where a river is fed by more than one source , it is customary to regard the longest as its source , with other sources considered tributaries .
She was appointed by President Bill Clinton on December 5 , 1996 , and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate 99-0 .
Fructose , or fruit sugar , is a simple monosaccharide found in many foods .
id : barra value : rgb (/O0.6,0.7,0.8/O)
It has large paws with naked soles , probably to assist in climbing .
Camembert is a soft , creamy French cheese .
He has toured with Mark Lanegan and played bass on two of Lanegan 's albums : the 1999 album , I 'll Take Care of You , and the 2001 album , Field Songs .
It is bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest , Brazil to the east and northeast , and Bolivia to the northwest .
Saulchery is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When the Castles returned to the U.S. , their success was repeated on a far wider scale .
Local media include the Namoi Valley Independent newspaper and the radio stations 2MO and 2GGG .
Modern weather radars are mostly pulse-Doppler radars , capable of detecting the motion of rain droplets in addition to intensity of the precipitation .
Edward Teach or Edward ThatchSee this article from a biographer : [ ] ( c. 1680 -- November 22 , 1718 ) , better known as Blackbeard , was a notorious English pirate in the Caribbean Sea and western Atlantic during the early 18th century , a period referred to as the Golden Age of Piracy .
Edouard made landfall on northeastern Florida on September 5 , and after crossing the state it dissipated on September 6 .
Some opponents , such as the Free Software Foundation , maintain that the use of the word '' rights '' is misleading and suggest that people instead use the term Digital Restrictions Management .
Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net ( device ) like tennis .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
Light is reflected and refracted by the ice crystals and may split up into colors because of dispersion .
The most widespread use of the V10 has been in Formula One racing .
The islands remained unsettled by western Europeans until they were annexed as part of the German protectorate of German New Guinea in 1884 .
Signalling The line is controlled from the control centre at Earl 's Court , which it used to share with the District line .
They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Greeks variously claimed that they were the daughters of Zeus and the Titaness Themis ( the '' Institutor '' ) or of primordial beings like Nyx , the Night , Chaos or Ananke , Necessity .
Chevak is powered by four 30-meter-tall wind turbines . The wind generated in Chevak is classified as '' Class 6 - Outstanding '' , and is owned and operated by AVEC ( Alaska Villages Electric Cooperative ) .
Keane is the ninth highest goalscorer in Tottenham history and the eleventh highest goalscorer in the history of the Premier League .
Google began in January 1996 , as a research project by Larry Page , who was soon joined by Sergey Brin , when they were both PhD students at Stanford University in California .
First appearing in The Brave and the Bold # 28 ( 1960 ) , the League originally appeared with a line-up that included Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , Flash , Green Lantern , Aquaman , and the Martian Manhunter .
Pauline was Mexico 's deadliest hurricane since 1976 's Liza .
This act brought the United States into World War II .
The decisions to link sections of the song with orchestral crescendos and to end the song with a sustained piano chord were made only after the rest of the song had been recorded .
The breed was developed to create a companion sized version of the Alaskan Husky ( a mixed breed of dog used for sled racing ) , resulting in an energetic , intelligent , apartment-sized dog with an appearance that reflects its northern heritage .
L'Anse aux Meadows ( ; Brave new world of the Vikings , Daily Mail , 26 August 2003 from the French L'Anse-aux-M éduses or '' Jellyfish Cove '' ) is an archaeological site on the northernmost tip of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Geo Metro convertibles and early Geo Trackers were built by Suzuki in Japan .
The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the Pillars of Ashoka , as well as boulders and cave walls , made by the Emperor Ashoka of the Mauryan dynasty during his reign from 269 BCE to 231 BCE .
Hazel Anne Blears ( born 14 May 1956 ) is a British Labour Party politician and the Member of Parliament for Salford .
The patents will expire in 2011 -- 2012 .
He was initially smaller than his peers there and very shy so he took refuge in his books and daydreams of a life filled with adventure .
One must understand Wikipedia policies and use this tool within these policies or risk having one 's access to use Twinkle revoked or one 's account being blocked .
Feather dusters take advantage of the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander .
An alkaline earth metal , strontium is a soft silver-white or yellowish metallic element that is highly reactive chemically .
It began on 16 March and ended on 2 November with eighteen Grand Prix races .
Other theories exist ; one such is that it may be derived from the Scots for '' Wicket gate in the wood '' , and that it used to be called Wygateshaw .
The Little River is a tributary of the Canadian River , 90 m long , in central Oklahoma in the United States .
The term '' fiber '' is something of a misnomer , since many types of so-called dietary fiber are not fibers at all .
Disney 's Toontown Online ( commonly known as simply Toontown ) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by The Walt Disney Company and billed as the first such game intended for kids and families .
Thomas Hunt Morgan ( September 25 , 1866 -- December 4 , 1945 ) was an American evolutionary biologist , geneticist and embryologist and science author who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1933 for discoveries relating the role the chromosome plays in heredity .
Attractions in the city include the Gambian National Museum , the Albert Market , Banjul State House , Banjul Court House , two cathedrals and several major mosques .
One of the most important functions of the hypothalamus is to link the nervous system to the endocrine system via the pituitary gland ( hypophysis ) .
Charles Doolittle Walcott found in the Burgess Shale nine almost complete fossils of Opabinia regalis and a few of what he classified as Opabinia media , and published a description of all of these in 1912 .
The most common function of a diode is to allow an electric current to pass in one direction ( called the diode 's forward direction ) while blocking current in the opposite direction ( the reverse direction ) .
Mamie Geneva Doud-Eisenhower ( November 14 , 1896 -- November 1 , 1979 ) was the wife of President Dwight D. Eisenhower , and First Lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .
Louis Laurent Saha ( born 8 August 1978 in Paris ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Everton in the Premier League and the France national team .
Henry 's mother was Blanche , heiress to the considerable Lancaster estates .
Brantes is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
The success of PaRappa the Rapper sparked an emergent popularity of the music game genre .
In Canada , U.S. paper sizes are a de facto standard .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans ( usually as a snack ) , hence the word edible in its name .
Becker 's sixth and final Grand Slam title came in 1996 , when he defeated Chang in the final of the Australian Open .
David ( Verrocchio ) , sculpture by Andrea del Verrochio
Leo announced his election to Charlemagne , sending him the keys of Saint Peter 's tomb and the banner of Rome , requesting an envoy .
Not all simplified or '' broken '' forms of a language ( patois ) are pidgins .
Since 1998 , Pinchas Zukerman has been the Music Director .
Advertisement and propaganda Time DVD debacle The Ankara Chamber of Commerce included DVDs , accusing the Armenian people of slaughtering Turks , with their paid tourism advertisements in the June 6 , 2005 edition of the magazine TIME Europe .
Lehr Sultanpur is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidanshah .
It is commonly called the Gospel of Luke or simply Luke .
was one of the more important glyphs in his name , and although it was technically a variation on the glyph for two arms raised in prayer , it also resembles a two-headed snake , and so Nehebkau became depicted in art as a snake with two heads ( occasionally with only one ) .
They were first made of silk or rayon ( then known as '' artificial silk '' ) , and after 1940 with nylon .
In November 1947 , the United Nations voted in favor of the partition of Palestine , proposing the creation of a Jewish state , an Arab state , and a UN-administered Jerusalem .
However , the modern science of genetics , which seeks to understand the process of inheritance , only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-19th century .
Some European public toilets may be marked '' WC '' ( Water Closet ) ; while in the Philippines the label '' CR '' ( comfort room ) is common .
EDuke was released as a patch for Atomic Edition users on July 28 , 2000 , and included a demo mod made by several beta testers .
Semiconductor lasers ( laser diodes ) are pumped electrically and are thus not referred to as solid-state lasers . The class of solid-state lasers would , however , properly include fiber lasers in which dopants in the glass lase under optical pumping .
January 22 & ndash ; Pope Benedict XV dies .
In economics , deflation is a decrease in the general price level of goods and services . Deflation occurs when the annual inflation rate falls below 0 % ( a negative inflation rate ) .
Jane Austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close-knit family on the lower fringes of the English gentry .
Leporidae
After having supper , and telling the hostages not to raise the alarm for another three hours , they left .
Given the ongoing anthropogenic disturbance of the Cyclops Mountain forest habitat , this has raised concern that Z. attenboroughi populations may already be endangered or even locally extirpated .
In 1842 his father brought home a '' great piece of news '' , and while young John Lubbock initially thought that it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was just that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village , he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
The island is generally off-limits to all but relatives of the island 's owners , U.S. Navy personnel , government officials and invited guests , giving it the nickname '' The '' Forbidden Isle '' .
Like many major U.S. cities , New York suffered race riots and population and industrial decline in the 1960s .
HIV \/O/ AIDS ( Human Immunodeficiency Virus ) -- venereal fluids
The energy E of movement is assumed to be small compared to their mass , allowing one to describe the bodies with non-relativistic mechanics .
Toner is a powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the printed text and images on the paper .
Inuittitiitit means more than one , one person is an '' Inuk '' .
The film was nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories ; it won an Academy Award for Best Writing ( Original Screenplay ) by Herman Mankiewicz and Welles .
Epiphany can be extended with the Epiphany-extensions package .
It is the fifth largest of the eight planets in the solar system , and the largest of the terrestrial planets ( non-gas planets ) in the Solar System in terms of diameter , mass and density .
He is the third Prime Minister , after Pierre Trudeau and John Turner , to send his children to Rockcliffe Park Public School , in Ottawa .
Morton were renamed as Greenock Morton in 1994 to celebrate the links with its home town of Greenock .
This series of '' Seth books '' totaled ten volumes .
Gili Air is the second smallest of the Gilis and it 's closest to the Lombok mainland , making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat .
In recent years , Kotor has seen a steady increase in tourists attracted by both the natural beauty of the Gulf of Kotor and the old town of Kotor itself .
The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD in the UK .
They are members of the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Chavonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Late on September 18 , the remnants of Ivan transitioned into an extratropical low as it merged with the cold front over the Delmarva Peninsula .
The primary cast , including Zac Efron , Lucas Grabeel , Vanessa Hudgens , and Ashley Tisdale , attended the event .
It will also be the last year of the 2010s decade .
Where modernization is occurring , initiation is not taken so seriously as before , although there are still certain areas which still perform initiations .
When the container 's valve is opened , the liquid is forced out of a small hole and emerges as an aerosol or mist .
Acoustic , so named for the date it was recorded live at the Hit Factory , New York , is a live EP by Californian band Maroon 5 . It contains acoustic versions of many of the songs on their international hit album , Songs About Jane , as well as two cover songs ( The Beatles ' '' If I Fell '' and AC\/DC 's '' Highway to Hell '' ) .
Hof lives in the Hessian town of Rodgau , where she attended a Realschule .
It is part of the Bangor , Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area .
This color may also be called light floral lavender as it is the color of the lighter outer part of the actual flower of the lavender plant .
The 1938 -- 39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In addition to the marble quarries , the city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities , and a yearly marble technology fair .
Some senior citizens believe that God did n't want their to marry , so some spinsters are nuns in the Roman Catholic Church .
It is undisputed that this identification is Chinese in form and Buddhist in implication , which suggests that the name must have been regularized centuries after the lifetime ascribed to Kaika , possibly during the time in which legends about the origins of the Yamato dynasty were compiled as the chronicles known today as the Kojiki .
The operating system will consist of the Linux kernel and , usually , a set of libraries and utilities from the GNU project , with graphics support from the X Window System .
An oath of office is an oath or affirmation a person takes before undertaking the duties of an office , usually a position in government or within a religious body , although such oaths are sometimes required of officers of other organizations .
denotes the period of Catholic revival beginning with the Council of Trent ( 1545 -- 1563 ) and ending at the close of the Thirty Years ' War , 1648 as a response to the Protestant Reformation .
The word 's literal meaning is '' flower street '' .
Sam Mercer is a producer of many Hollywood films , including several projects directed by M. Night Shyamalan such as Signs and The Sixth Sense , as well as other films like Van Helsing and Things We Lost in the Fire .
In 1905 , after the defeat in the Battle of Tsushima he was relieved of his command .
Giza has seen some changes over time .
It was the first Winter Olympics to be held outside Europe and North America , and only the 3rd games ( summer or winter ) held outside those regions over all , after Melbourne ( 1956 ) and Tokyo ( 1964 ) .
It can be seen as the context that allows the numerals '' 11 '' to be interpreted as the binary symbol for three , the decimal symbol for eleven , or a symbol for other numbers in different bases .
Some Afro-Asian Britons include Naomi Campbell , Freema Agyeman and David Jordan .
He lived near Ramsbury in Wiltshire in England , and died on 5 July 2010 from a stroke .
In Japan it is traditionally made in a ceremony called mochitsuki .
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy , the only child of two professional musicians .
About 10 % of the inhabitants of Extremadura are estimated to use LinEx .
The screenplay is by Susannah Grant and Karey Kirkpatrick , based on White 's book .
The 2016 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad , are a major international sports and cultural festival to be celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games , as governed by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
Mastung District is a district located in the north west of Balochistan province , Pakistan .
If a block cipher or cryptographic hash function does not exhibit the avalanche effect to a significant degree , then it has poor randomization , and thus a cryptanalyst can make predictions about the input , being given only the output .
Originally all oscilloscopes used cathode ray tubes as their display element and linear amplifiers for signal processing , ( commonly referred to as CROs ) however , modern oscilloscopes have LCD or LED screens , fast analog-to-digital converters and digital signal processors .
Over one hundred letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane have survived .
Wikipedia contains many different , some of which are considered objectionable or offensive by some readers .
Light from a scene passes through this single point and projects an inverted image on the opposite side of the box .
One of the earliest incarnations of this idea was put forward in 1924 with Alexander Oparin 's notion of primitive self-replicating vesicles which predated the discovery of the structure of DNA .
The University of Oslo , is the oldest and largest university in Norway , situated in the Norwegian capital of Oslo .
The Tritylodonts were still common though .
Phosphorus ( ) is the chemical element that has the symbol P and atomic number 15 .
Food intoxication refers to the ingestion of toxins contained within the food , including bacterially produced exotoxins , which can happen even when the microbe
On June 23 , 2005 , SmackDown !
Damming the Colorado River caused the Glen Canyon , which lies to the north of the dam , to become flooded and has subsequently created the large reservoir called Lake Powell .
Mr. Pacman plans to make 4 total episodes of Half Hour of Power , the first of which premiered at the Denver Visual Music Festival in 2004 ; each episode will star a different band member . Three new albums are in the works : the heavy metal Crotch Rocket , the Caribbean-flavored Mr. Pacman Goes to Jamaica , & Mr. Pacman 's Christmas in Japan .
Netflix 's success has inspired a number of other DVD rental companies both in the United States and abroad , but none of the purely online companies appear to approach Netflix in terms of market share or revenues . Wal-Mart began an online rental service in October 2002 , but left the market in May 2005 and now has a cross-promotional arrangement with Netflix .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and unitary state consisting of four countries : England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales .
Three other Keaton films received votes in the magazine 's survey : Our Hospitality , Sherlock , Jr. , and The Navigator .
Symptoms include chest pain , coughing up blood , and a productive , prolonged cough for more than three weeks .
New York City Police Museum site Accessed January 26 , 2008 The Housing Police , along with the New York City Transit Police , was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau .
The most sensational production in Werkstatt Bayreuth was the Centennial Ring Cycle under the direction of French director Patrice Chereau .
As a coastal group of Native Americans , the word '' Tillamook '' actually means '' Land of Many Waters '' in their language , and was initially used to refer to the area itself rather than the tribe that inhabited it .
The final SG-1 episode , '' Unending '' , premiered on Sky1 in the UK on March 13 , 2007 , and attracted approximately 2.2 million viewers on the Sci Fi Channel on June 22 , 2007 .
He made his debut for Austria in an August 1995 European Championship qualifying match against Latvia and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
The Kingdom of Saxony , lasting between 1806 and 1918 , was an independent member of a number of historical confederacies in Napoleonic through post-Napoleonic Germany .
In an isosceles triangle , two sides are equal in length .
In 1882 some paleontologists suggested that , like a modern tree-kangaroo , Hypsilophodon was able to climb trees in order to seek shelter .
Brett Gurewitz pulled no punches when he attributed his anger towards former U.S. president George W. Bush as the major inspiration for The Empire Strikes First .
In May 1929 , the Young Plan reduced further payments to 112 billion Gold Marks , US$ 26.6 billion over a period of 59 years ( 1988 ) .
Poynter is the youngest member of the band .
Crépon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1801 , the family returned to Salzburg , where Weber resumed his studies with Michael Haydn .
Vincent Rijmen , in his Ph.D. thesis , introduced a second-order differential attack that can break four rounds and no more .
The population of Hagerstown city proper , according to estimates conducted by the United States Census Bureau for a 12-month period ending 1 July 2008 , is 39,728 , and the total 2000 Urbanized Area population is 120,326 ( ~ 80,000 in MD ) .
Function The function of the scrotum appears to be to keep the testis at a temperature slightly lower than that of the rest of the body .
Indianola is a city in Warren County , Iowa , United States .
Pawlenty was succeeded by Democrat Mark Dayton .
Barker is one of the leading authors of contemporary horror\/fantasy , writing in the horror genre early in his career , mostly in the form of short stories ( collected in Books of Blood 1 -- 6 ) , and the Faustian novel The Damnation Game (/O1985/O) .
The second half was conducted over the internet on WWF 's official website , WWF.com .
When developing the original Naruto manga , Masashi Kishimoto had not initially intended to create Sasuke . After speaking with his editor about the future of the series , he was advised to create a rival character for the series ' protagonist , Naruto Uzumaki , resulting in Sasuke 's creation .
Aluminium Pickett-brand slide rules were carried on five Apollo space missions , including to the moon , according to advertising on Pickett 's N600 slide rule boxes .
In 1970 , their activities culminated in events referred to as the October Crisis when James Cross , the British trade commissioner to Canada , was kidnapped along with Pierre Laporte , a provincial minister and Vice-Premier .
Michael Leboffe and Burton Pierce , 2nd edition .
It is based upon Georges Bizet 's opera , Carmen , set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times , and features a mostly original hip-hop\/R & B score in place of Bizet 's opera .
Carlos , Prince of Asturias , also known as Don Carlos ( 8 July 1545 -- 24 July 1568 ) , was the eldest son and heir of King Philip II of Spain . His mother was Maria Manuela of Portugal , daughter of John III of Portugal .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake ( , ) , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km ( 33 miles ) in circumference , about 21 km ( 13 miles ) long , and 13 km ( 8 miles ) wide .
Randall , Ian M/PERSON. A School of the Prophets : 150 Years of Spurgeon 's College .
The term solstice can also be used in a broader sense , as the date ( day ) when this occurs .
His other notable film scores include Moon , Smokin ' Aces , The Wrestler , and Black Swan .
Modern kites use synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics for the sails , fibreglass or carbon fiber for the spars and dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Hyssop is a sacred plant used in Judaism , it appears repeatedly in the Hebrew Bible as Ezov .
The central venue was to have been the Deutsche Stadion ( German Stadium ) , which was built in 1912 -- 13 .
The incubation period is nine to ten days .
In a variant sometimes called pallaventuno ( or palla 21 ) scoring is 7-14-21 .
Traditionally , Hawaii is known as the '' Big Island '' to reduce confusion between Hawaii Island and the state .
Meanwhile , Kairi is kidnapped by the Organization .
The 1960 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event held from August 25 to September 11 , 1960 in Rome , Italy .
After the fall of Saipan , the Japanese high command predicted that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines , which were strategically important because of their location between the oilfields of Southeast Asia and Japan .
Several zoos , such as the Bronx Zoo , the Lincoln Park Zoo , and the Brookfield Zoo , also approached Knight to paint murals of their living animals , and Knight enthusiastically complied .
Prior to the designation of the boundaries of the National Park , the term '' Snowdonia '' was generally used to refer to a much smaller area , namely the upland area of northern Gwynedd centred on the Snowdon massif , whereas the national park covers an area more than twice that size extending far to the south into Meirionnydd .
The band continued their success with their third album Big Game .
He volunteered for submarine service with the Kriegsmarine '' to get out of the confinement he felt as a teenager in his parents ' house '' which he considered - in a very negative way - civic Catholic lower middle class '' Katholischen Mief '' .
It is the fifth of the five daily prayers- ( salah ) ( islamic evening begins at maghrib ) .
The Napoleonic Era is a period in the history of France and Europe .
The Holy Land had been part of the Roman Empire , and thus Byzantine Empire , until the Islamic conquests of the 7th and 8th centuries .
Aphaenogaster probably gets most of its food from tended aphids on the roots of plants , which explains that they are rarely seen on the surface .
A fishing lure is an object attached to the end of a fishing line which is designed to resemble and move like the prey of a fish .
Cheers Beacon Hill though its interior is different from the TV bar .
The men were convicted and sentenced to ten years ' penal servitude .
A stone , ceramic , or clay from the banks of the Yellow River inkstone is used to grind the solid inkstick into liquid ink and to contain the ink once it is liquid .
Founded in 1913 , it serves about 30,000 students and is one of the University System of Georgia 's four research universities .
Even before the title of Princess Royal was granted , the eldest daughter of the King of England had a special status in law .
His TV works spanned a 20-year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show ( 1963 -- 66 ) , I Dream of Jeannie ( 1965 -- 70 ) and Hart to Hart ( 1979 -- 84 ) , but it was not until after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling novels such as Master of the Game (/O1982/O) , The Other Side of Midnight (/O1973/O) and Rage of Angels (/O1980/O) that he became most famous .
Out of 27 stations served , 13 are below ground .
As of the 2001 census , the population of Saint Thomas was 51,181 2000 Population Counts for the U.S. Virgin Islands , United States Census Bureau about 47 % of the US Virgin Islands total .
Her divorce from Arthur Miller was finalized in January 1961 , with Monroe citing '' incompatibility of character '' , and in February she voluntarily entered the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic .
Justin Raymond Hoyte ( born 20 November 1984 in Waltham Forest , England ) is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough .
With Angle confused , Guerrero executed a Roll-up pin maneuver leading to a successful pinfall , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Championship .
Colwell is a city in Floyd County , Iowa , United States .
His parents eventually divorced , mainly due to financial problems , and LaBeouf had what he has described as a '' good childhood '' , growing up poor with his mother , who worked selling fabrics and brooches in Echo Park , Los Angeles , California .
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) is a joint United States Navy -- United States Air Force task force located at the Naval Maritime Forecast Center in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada in Division No. 1 .
Its capital is Port-de-Paix . With the exception of Tortuga Island and the coastal area near Port-de-Paix , the northwest is mostly arid and barren .
Its releases typically feature more mature themes than those that are released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner .
Titsingh , Isaac .
Many of today 's fairy tales have evolved from centuries-old stories that have appeared , with variations , in multiple cultures around the world .
The name originates from the Greek roots - nekro - ( '' dead '' ) and - - phagos ( '' eater of '' ) .
The Thar Desert ( ) ( also known as the Great Indian Desert ) , is a large , arid region in the northwestern part of the Indian subcontinent .
Level 0 This is a '' below-scale event '' of no safety significance .
Outside of wrestling , James has received her Associate of Arts degree in business administration and is studying for her Bachelor of Arts degree in operations management .
Egyptian political career He had long been closely associated with the ruling clique in Egypt .
to 1 ft. ) in length and a wide variety of colors .
Plasma is believed to be the most common state of matter in the universe .
Tajwal is located in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil , it is bounded by the following union councils , Nathia Gali to the north , Palak to the east , Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south , as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west .
Manama was declared a free port in 1958 , and in 1971 it became the capital of independent Bahrain .
The scoring and criteria for awarding a stolen base to a runner are covered by rule 10.07 of the Major League Baseball rule book .
Some later scholars criticised his work and found his teaching to be impractical .
The goal of a shoulder rest is to allow a more comfortable attitude while playing by adding height to the shoulder and preventing the instrument from slipping ( Kreitman , p. 30 ) .
The Encyclopedia of Arkansas History and Culture His father worked as a construction worker and a cotton farmer , while his mother was a homemaker .
In spite of the fact that the document failed to state clearly and specifically exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and binding because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .
He would later appear in the documentary Searching for Robert Johnson and manage to release one last album , Back To The Country , which won a W.C. Handy Award .
A Costco store now occupies the land .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on August 24 , 2008 .
In December 1853 an imperfect report of a speech Hovell had made at Geelong was the cause of much feeling between the two men .
He has since retired from politics , leaving the House of Commons just before the 2001 general election , and continues to be a sought-after speaker .
West Pakistan formed a seemingly homogeneous block but with marked linguistic and ethnic distinctions and the One Unit policy was regarded as a rational administrative reform which would reduce expenditure and eliminate provincial prejudices .
Abide with Me is a Christian hymn written by Henry Francis Lyte .
Francis II , who had always been a sickly child , died on 5 December 1560 in Orléans , Loiret , at the age of sixteen , when an ear infection worsened and caused an abscess in his brain .
Product description The Original Whopper sandwich is a hamburger , consisting of a flame grilled quarter-pound ( 113.4 g ) beef patty , sesame seed bun , mayonnaise , lettuce , tomato , pickles , ketchup , and sliced onion .
Sam Simon ( born c. 1955 ) is an American television producer and writer , most notable as one of the original developers of The Simpsons , along with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks .
Cowes ( sometimes anachronistically referred to as West Cowes ) is an English seaport town and civil parish on the Isle of Wight .
Kiko is one of the most intense hurricanes to make landfall on the eastern side of the Baja California Peninsula .
In order to keep the feature film division alive during this difficult time , the studio released six package films including this one , made up of various unrelated segments set to music .
The Mundari language is a Munda language of the Austro-Asiatic language family spoken by the Munda people , and is closely related to Santali .
By population , Wichita is the largest city in Kansas and the 51st largest city in the United States .
Olive oil is an oil obtained from the olive ( Olea europaea ; family Oleaceae ) , a traditional tree crop of the Mediterranean Basin .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
The atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were nuclear attacks near the end of World War II against the Empire of Japan by the United States at the executive order of U.S. President Harry S. Truman on August 6 and August 9 , 1945 , respectively .
The conflict , which claimed over three million lives and divided the Korean Peninsula along ideological lines , commenced on June 25 , 1950 , with a Soviet-sponsored DPRK invasion across the 38th parallel , and ended in 1953 after international intervention pushed the front of the war back to near the 38th parallel .
One of the largest threats to Tiger Salamander populations is wetland ( habitat ) destruction and\/or alteration .
Satu Mare is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Channahon Township is located in Will County , Illinois .
Computer cryptography uses integers for keys .
Hartnell 's health had grown progressively worse in the early 1970s and in December , 1974 he was admitted to hospital permanently .
See Rotating magnetic fields below .
On March 12 , 1945 , ICRC president Jacob Burckhardt received a message from SS General Ernst Kaltenbrunner accepting the ICRC 's demand to allow delegates to visit the concentration camps . This agreement was bound by the condition that these delegates would have to stay in the camps until the end of the war .
Launched at 18:00 on16 August 2002 , it had been codenamed Network X during the consulation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
The term '' Adam 's Apple '' is derived from Adam having eaten the forbidden fruit in the Bible 's account of the lives of Adam and Eve .
The initial stories in the collection are narrated by children as protagonists , and as the stories continue , they deal with the lives and concerns of progressively older people .
However , elephants have never been truly domesticated : the male elephant in his periodic condition of musth is dangerous and difficult to control .
Yonah Yonah was the code name for ( the core of ) Intel 's first generation of 65 nm process mobile microprocessors , based on the Banias/Dothan-core Pentium M microarchitecture .
William Lamb , 2nd Viscount Melbourne , PC , FRS ( 15 March 1779 & ndash ; 24 November 1848 ) was a British Whig statesman who served as Home Secretary ( 1830 & ndash ; 1834 ) and Prime Minister ( 1834 and 1835 & ndash ; 1841 ) , and was a mentor of Queen Victoria .
They were the first American ice dance team since 1976 , the first year ice dancing was contested at the Olympics , to win an Olympic medal .
Virtually all of the country 's rivers are tributaries of the Danube , either directly or indirectly , and by the time the Danube 's course ends in the Black Sea , they account for nearly 40 percent of the total discharge .
Lengths range from 5 mm for some species up to 15 cm for the tiger cowry , Cypraea tigris .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
Many preserved historical buildings are the evidence of the 770 years of its existence .
Excavated Sites - Government of Punjab ( India )
Daiki Tamori is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ehime F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
Precepts PL does not have a holy book , it has 21 PL Precepts which were announced by Tokuchika Miki on September 29 , 1947 .
He undertook his first concert tour in 1843 which eventually led , in 1846 , to his appointment as Court Pianist for Christian VIII in Copenhagen .
In the context of biology , poisons are substances that can cause disturbances to organisms , usually by chemical reaction or other activity on the molecular scale , when a sufficient quantity is absorbed by an organism .
La Plata Dolphin ( or Franciscana ) , Pontoporia blainvillei
Jacksonville , Florida , is mentioned first in Twilight and second in Eclipse , when Edward and Bella visit Bella 's mother , who has moved there with her new husband . Seattle , Washington , is featured in Breaking Dawn when Jacob tries to escape his love for Bella , and when Bella tries to locate a man named J. Jenks .
Shortly after graduating from the Royal College of Art after a two-year furniture MA course in 1994 , he was commissioned by Harvey Nichols department store in Knightsbridge to design a temporary structure for the shop 's facade .
Pashto is also used in education , literature , office and court business , media , and in religious institutions , etc. .
Kijiji ( ; , villageeBay Classifieds Group page about Kijiji brand ) ( aka ebayclassifieds.com ) is a centralized network of online urban communities for posting local online classified advertisements .
People are afraid of him because he looks like his father , Kenny '' Killer Kane '' , a convicted murderer .
It lies 71 Kilometres north of the state capital Thiruvanathapuram ( Trivandrum ) .
Wagner was a professor at the University of Munich , and curator of the Zoologische Staatssammlung ( State Zoology Collection ) .
Because LFSRs are inherently linear , one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of several parallel LFSRs into a non-linear Boolean function to form a combination generator .
Nevertheless , it is considered desirable for a cipher to have no weak keys .
Brittle stars , or ophiuroids , are echinoderms , closely related to starfish .
Both networks are extensive and benefit from tourism .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
Mamers is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Bahadur Shah Zafar ( Mughal Empire )
Though no longer being purchased by the U.S. Air Force , improved versions are still being built for export customers .
Taking the crystals , Link sets out to restore them to their palaces .
The word derives from the for I believe and credimus for we believe .
She won an Academy Award , BAFTA Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for portraying Velma Kelly in the 2002 film adaptation of Chicago .
The Gnome , a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd
She appeared as part of a brief walk-on in the 1935 film Becky Sharp , as well as the 1936 film The Great Ziegfeld .
The Bob Graham Sunshine Skyway Bridge is a bridge spanning Tampa Bay , Florida , with a cable-stayed main span , and a length of 29,040 feet ( exactly 5.5 miles or approximately 8.85 km ) .
The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense , located in Arlington County , Virginia .
However , in the Italian War of 1859 , French forces were able to defeat the longer range of Austrian rifle muskets by aggressive skirmishing and rapid bayonet assaults at close quarters combat .
At age 10 , he was given an assignment of writing a story about animals , and he wrote about a bird that cleaned a crocodile 's teeth .
Throughout the game , after a predetermined number of cases have been opened , the banker offers the contestant an amount of money and/or prizes to quit the game , the offer based roughly on the amounts remaining in play and the contestant 's demeanor .
Layers of lava emitted by the volcano10 .
In 1921 , Johnson broke Young 's career record for strikeouts .
At the 2008 Skate America , Kim was placed first in the short program with a score of 69.50 , standing out by the margin of 11.70 points despite a trouble in her double axel .
In the mid-19th century , some Protestant Christians moved from this historic position of allowing moderate use of alcohol ( sometimes called moderationism ) to either deciding that not imbibing was wisest in the present circumstances ( abstentionism ) or prohibiting all ordinary consumption of alcohol because it was believed to be a sin ( prohibitionism ) .
The strength of magnetic field generated is proportional to the amount of current .
Since their debut , TVXQ has become one of the most popular singing groups in East Asia , gaining great popularity in such countries as China , Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand , and other East Asian regions .
The first Vectra , known as the Vectra A , was introduced in 1988 as a saloon and hatchback , replacing the Opel Ascona C/ORGANIZATION. A coupé based on the Vectra , called the Calibra , was also sold .
Its county seat is Newland .
God is believed to be infinite and God 's presence may be perceived through the actions of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit .
A spokesman for the Department of Constitutional Affairs told the Sunday Times '' Camilla automatically takes the title Princess of Wales and all the other titles that go with her marriage to the Prince of Wales '' The Sunday Times .
Washington took the oath of office as the first President under the Constitution for the United States of America on April 30 , 1789 at Federal Hall in New York City although , at first , he had not wanted the position .
Nintendo has also since offered a stronger strap and the Wii Remote Jacket to provide extra grip and protection .
The offender is referred to as a sexual abuser or ( often pejoratively ) molester .
Two colonies were established by penguins in the 1980s on the mainland near Cape Town , namely Boulders Beach near Simon 's Town and Stony Point in Betty 's Bay .
A '' hotel within a hotel '' in its upper section is known as The Waldorf Towers operated by Conrad Hotels & Resorts .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
Bulgakov wrote the play '' Batum '' glorifying Stalin 's early revolutionary activity , but the play was banned by Stalin . However , Stalin had enjoyed another of Bulgakov 's plays , The Days of the Turbins ( 1926 ) and found work for him at a small Moscow theater , and then the Moscow Art Theatre .
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme ( born 2 December 1978 ) better known as Chris Wolstenholme , is an English musician and the bassist and backing vocalist for the rock band Muse .
Denmark borders both the Baltic and the North Sea .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
All these books vary in length from a single page of modern type to dozens of pages .
The retronym '' traditional Chinese '' is used to contrast traditional characters with Simplified Chinese characters , a standardized character set introduced by the government of the People 's Republic of China on Mainland China in the 1950s .
It is bordered on the west by the Pacific Ocean and on the north and east by the Atlantic Ocean ; North America and the Caribbean Sea lie to the northwest .
Since quarks have a spin of 1\/2 , the difference in quark-number between mesons and baryons results in mesons being bosons while baryons are fermions- that is , mesons have integer spin while baryons have half-integer spin .
Israel is the world 's only predominantly Jewish state , with a population estimated in May 2010 to be 7,602,400 people , of whom 6,051,000 are Jews .
Electrostatic induction in physics
Despite the resistance , almost all of the town 's once 7,000-strong Jewish community was murdered in Nazi concentration camps .
A veteran hot rodder and a race car builder at Kurtis Kraft , he built the first kart in Southern California in 1956 .
By late on September 3 , the system maintained a broad closed circulation and enough convective organization to be classified Tropical Depression Six while located about midway between the Lesser Antilles and Africa .
There are several unrelated rainbow flags in use today .
Josh Matthew Lomberger ( born November 25 , 1980 ) is an American presenter , announcer , and former wrestler , better known by the ring name Josh Mathews .
The BBC commissioned Carol Ann Duffy , the Poet Laureate , to write a poem to mark the deaths of Allingham and Harry Patch ( who died one week after Allingham on 25 July 2009 ) .
Retrieved on 25 February 2010 .
Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant .
The toys find themselves at the dump and are soon pulled onto a conveyor belt leading to an incinerator .
In 2001 , Square Pictures released its first feature film , Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within .
The Bey of Tunis Al-Husayn II ibn Mahmud decided to create the flag after the Battle of Navarino on 20 October 1827 , and it was adopted in 1831 or 1835 .
On the third day , Sunday , which is now known as Easter Sunday ( or Pascha ) , Jesus rose from the dead .
Raffles Institution ( Secondary ) ( RI ( Secondary ) ) is the all-boys ' Secondary section of Raffles Institution .
An idiom ( , '' special property '' , f. , '' special feature , special phrasing '' , f. , '' one 's own '' ) is an expression , word , or phrase that has a figurative meaning that is comprehended in regard to a common use of that expression that is separate from the literal meaning or definition of the words of which it is made .
The county is named for the Umatilla River .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 36 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites and yolks of eggs ( usually chicken ) .
Landivy is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Subsequent developments using pressurized steam and converting to rotational motion enabled the powering of a wide range of manufacturing machinery anywhere water and coal or wood fuel could be obtained , previously restricted only to locations where water wheels or windmills could be used .
Beugny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Inquisition was established and Jews and Muslims who refused to convert were expelled from the country .
He played for Japan national team .
Heavy rainfall from the storm spread across much of the East Coast of the United States .
The t luka contains one town , L RK RNA ( population , 14,543 ) , the head-quarters ; and 72 villages .
Mexico did not appear again in a World Cup tournament until the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
It is sexually dimorphic , with the male being completely black or dark brown and the female a mid-grey color .
The post-match events came under fire of controversy the fact that in the storyline , Bret did not tap out when locked into submission and was not supposed to lose at all .
'' Pioneers '' is a single by Bloc Party from their debut album Silent Alarm .
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man Bloom , Harold .
It was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy , and remains one of the 88 modern constellations .
He played his first match with the Argentina national football team in 2001 , and was capped 22 times .
Only the best four of nine scores counted towards the world championship .
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
Known for his penetrating scientific insight and acerbic wit , Brenner for many years penned a regular column ( '' Loose Ends '' ) in the journal Current Biology .
Tom Baker -- mastering
Cephalocarida
He cashed in on his weight loss by writing the book My Long Race Towards Myself on his experience , which became an immediate bestseller .
The main settlements of South Yorkshire grew up around the industries of mining and steel manufacturing .
A confederation in modern political terms is a permanent union of sovereign states for common action in relation to other states .
This object was the first planetary nebula to be discovered ; by Charles Messier in 1764 .
On the March 1 episode of Raw , Swagger defeated Santino Marella to qualify for the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXVI , where he won , earning a contract for any WWE world championship over the following year .
'' WP : P '' redirects here .
The loan is generally provided at a cost , referred to as interest on the debt , which provides an incentive for the lender to engage in the loan .
Upper and Lower Sorbian ( minority languages in Germany )
It was while living in Brooklyn that Horney developed and advanced her composite theories regarding neurosis and personality , based on experiences gained from working in psychotherapy .
Genus Baiomys - Pygmy Mice
Voting was open to all , but only those who pre-ordered the game through Gamestop will receive the winning outfit .
Weber established the first department in Germany at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1919 , having presented an influential new antipositivist sociology .
If Charizard become angry , the flame at the tip of their tail can flare up in a whitish-blue color .
The woman and her husband discovered the child when they tried to open the peach to eat it .
Under the Northwest Ordinance , a territory could apply for statehood once it had surpassed 60,000 inhabitants .
The Standard Oil Building was renamed the Amoco Building when the company changed names in 1985 .
Sillas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Since their arrival in 1980 , nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game .
Ivan was the strongest storm of the season , and the only 2004 Atlantic hurricane to reach Category 5 intensity .
On 13 March 1881 , following the assassination of his grandfather , Tsar Alexander II , Nicholas became Tsarevich and his father became Tsar Alexander III .
After transfering to Florida State University , Jones had to redshirt the 1995 season .
It is located in central Switzerland and its capital is Zug .
which displays BMI as a function of weight ( horizontal axis ) and height ( vertical axis ) using contor lines for different values of BMI or colors for different BMI categories .
Until then , the song was sung in Australia as a patriotic song .
Astrometry is the branch of astronomy that relates to precise measurements and explanations of the positions and movements of stars and other celestial bodies .
Most early designs of haptic feedback use electromagnetic technologies such as vibratory motors with an offset mass , such as the pager motor , that is in most cell phones or voice coils where a central mass or output is moved by a magnetic field .
Christian makes his way from there to the House of the Interpreter , where he is shown pictures and tableaux that portray or dramatize aspects of the Christian faith and life .
He was the owner and coach of the Montreal Canadiens ice hockey team in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Great Society in scope and sweep resembled the New Deal domestic agenda of Franklin D. Roosevelt , but differed sharply in types of programs enacted .
Robert Peary reached the cape in 1900 , believing it to be the northernmost point in the world , although it was later found to lie slightly to the south of the northernmost tip of Kaffeklubben Island .
One reviewer characterized this as '' Quite possibly Card 's best published work , ever . '' .
There are 33 resorts and hotels located on the Walt Disney World property .
Neso ( , or as in Greek ) , also known as Neptune XIII , is the outermost irregular natural satellite of Neptune .
Born in Atami , a seaside town close to Tokyo , Japan , Uchida moved to Vienna , Austria , with her diplomat parents when she was twelve years old , after her father was named the Japanese ambassador to Austria .
Some notable islands in Helsinki include Seurasaari , Lauttasaari and Korkeasaari which is also the country 's biggest zoo as well as the fortress island of Suomenlinna ( Sveaborg ) and the military island of Santahamina .
After sessions for a concept album entitled The Power of Suck were aborted , the band assembled Under the Bushes Under the Stars out of their first 24-track studio sessions , recorded with Kim Deal and Steve Albini among others , in 1996 .
He currently plays for Japanese club Vissel Kobe .
, which preferred to remain with Germany , but conceded in accordance with the terms of Part III , Section XI of the Treaty of Versailles of 1919 .
Elite Beat Agents is a music video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
The subsequent addition of lead to gasoline eventually resulted in the release of huge amounts of lead into the atmosphere , causing serious health problems around the world .
The federal capital is shown in yellow , state capitals ( except Schwerin , which does not meet the list criterion ) in light blue .
Characteristics Metis ' direction of rotation is unknown at present , due to ambiguous data .
Datsakorn Thonglao ( , born December 30 , 1983 ) is a Thai footballer .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
Andrea del Verrocchio ( c. 1435 -- 1488 ) , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian sculptor , goldsmith and painter who worked at the court of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence .
Montreal is the second-largest city in Canada and the largest city in the province of Quebec .
The American League Central Division is one of six divisions in Major League Baseball .
This is a feature of the English spoken in the state of Victoria . )
The civil parish has an area of 21.51 k and in the 2001 census had a population of 15,659 in 6,941 households . For the purposes of local government , Dereham falls within , and is the center of administration for , the district of Breckland .
However , in 1902 the UK drew a separate '' administrative boundary , '' under which a triangle of land north of the parallel was placed under Sudanese administration , because its inhabitants were closer to Khartoum than Cairo , both geographically and culturally .
During the 19th century large areas were successively separated to form the British colonies of Tasmania ( proclaimed as a separate colony named Van Diemen 's Land in 1825 ) , South Australia ( 1836 ) , Victoria ( 1851 ) and Queensland ( 1859 ) .
The New York Jets are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area .
After the 1806 Prussian defeat at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , Napoleon took the Quadriga to Paris .
Poems would be written praising the delicate flowers , which were seen as a metaphor for life itself , luminous and beautiful yet fleeting and ephemeral .
Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques . Originally published in 1986 , it is the first book of the Redwall series .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Weight varies from ; its body length ranges from ; it has no tail .
While a wide variety of dried seeds and fruits are called nuts in English , only a certain number of them are considered by biologists to be true nuts . Nuts are an important source of nutrients for both humans and wildlife .
The Author 's Farce is now considered to be a critical success and a highly skilled satire .
The first series makes much of the imprisonment for debt of Mrs. Arless ( played by Dawn French ) but debtors ' prisons were abolished in 1869 .
This page is about the Greek mythological figure .
Georgia covers a territory of 69,700 km and its population is more than 4.6 million .
These tropical cyclones would be given identifiers starting with SL in the future .
Pascal Duquenne ( b. 8 August 1970 in Vilvoorde , Belgium ) is a Belgian actor .
The term accidental is sometimes also used .
The trade of program for airtime is called '' barter '' .
But when a relative key ascends the opposite side of the circle from its home key , then theory suggests that double-sharps and double-flats would have to be incorporated into the notated key signature .
Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy , spanning from manual muscle power in handwriting , to acoustic vibrations in phonographic recording , to electromagnetic energy modulating magnetic tape and optical discs .
However , Velappan remained loyal to Chinnamalai and sent notes concerning British activities and helped Chinnamalai in many ways .
Public speaking is the process of speaking to a group of people in a structured , deliberate manner intended to inform , influence , or entertain the listeners .
Typesetting is the retrieval of the stored letters ( called sorts in mechanical systems and glyphs in digital systems ) and the ordering of them according to a language 's orthography for visual display .
An Iberian and Roman city in ancient times , in the Middle Ages it was capital of an Islamic caliphate .
In January 2006 , after touring in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture , Rise Against recorded their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins , Colorado with producers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore .
Hindi , with the largest number of speakers , is the official language of the union .
During the late Paleozoic , great forests of primitive plants thrived on land forming the great coal beds of Europe and eastern North America .
It had a population of 1,369 in the 2001 Census .
However , in American English a colon may be followed either by a capital letter or by a lower-case letter , depending on usage : where direct speech follows , a capital letter is used ; where an acronym or proper noun follows , a capital is used ; otherwise , a lower-case letter is used .
The film was followed by Die Hard with a Vengeance in 1995 and Live Free or Die Hard in 2007 .
In the February 11 issue of Kerrang !
The Spanish Wikipedia is a Spanish-language edition of Wikipedia , a free , online encyclopedia .
The Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) develops and promotes Internet standards , cooperating closely with the W3C and ISO/IEC standard bodies and dealing in particular with standards of the TCP/IP and Internet protocol suite .
These two games form the basis of most modern stud poker variations .
Any reaction that decreases the overall Gibbs free energy of a system will proceed spontaneously .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar , Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
Dardanelle is a city in Yell County , Arkansas , United States .
This title was bestowed upon the counts of Saxony , who therefore added the symbol to their coat of arms .
However , Blue Jays have also been known to attack or kill other smaller birds .
It is also home to several state parks , several long-protected beach areas , three military bases , a number of large corporations , two universities , and numerous historic sites .
Jonathan Swift ( 30 November 1667 - 19 October 1745 ) was an Anglo-Irish satirist , essayist , political pamphleteer ( first for the Whigs , then for the Tories ) , poet and cleric who became Dean of St. Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin .
In general , subtraction of a positive number is the same thing as addition of a negative .
Claudius ' extant letters , speeches , and sayings were incorporated into the text ( mostly in the second book , Claudius the God ) in order to add authenticity .
Births are usually timed for the beginning of winter ( May and June ) or late spring ( October and November ) .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
Sickle cell anemia is an inherited disease that affects red blood cells .
Ives published a large collection of his songs , many of which had piano parts that paralleled modern movements in Europe , including bitonality and pantonality .
Somerton is a small town in South Somerset , England .
Airdrie United Football Club are a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Airdrie , North Lanarkshire .
Kirby , Vermont
Pakistan , Tajikistan agree to boost tradeMusharraf leaves for Tajikistan on Sunday Although relations between the two countries had been strained by the situation in Afghanistan which shares a border with both countries .
Becoming effective on November 1 , 2003 the district was renamed from Erftkreis to Rhein-Erft-Kreis .
Marie Curie ( 1867 -- 1934 ) , Polish-French chemist and physicist , two time Nobel Prize winner
The Altes Museum ( German for Old Museum ) , is one of several internationally renowned museums on Museum Island in Berlin , Germany .
He helped the Bearcats win the 1940 Allan Cup , before going to the Rangers in 1945 .
A heat pump is a machine or device that moves heat from one location ( the ` source ' ) at a lower temperature to another location ( the ` sink ' or ` heat sink ' ) at a higher temperature using mechanical work or a high-temperature heat source . A heat pump can be used to provide heating or cooling .
Although , in Hesiod 's '' Works and Days '' , these evils are not specified by name , except for Hope .
She is most famous worldwide for her hit '' To Sir , With Love '' and in the UK for '' Shout '' .
The Ramsar List of Wetlands of International Importance now includes 1,888 sites ( known as Ramsar Sites ) covering around 1,853,000 km , .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
The train was occupied by senior year pupils of a Radevormwald middle school , their teachers and accompanying railway staff , on the return journey from a class outing in Bremen .
The current weight limit for the division is 200 pounds .
Prince Diponegoro ( born Yogyakarta 1785 - died Makassar 1855 ) was a Javanese prince who opposed the Dutch colonial rule .
The Tung Chung Line was officially opened on 21 June 1998 by Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa , and service commenced the next day .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
A dial plan establishes the expected number and pattern of digits for a telephone number .
According to Chris Crawford , the requirement for player interaction puts activities such as jigsaw puzzles and solitaire '' games '' into the category of puzzles rather than games .
He is most famous as an author of books about life after death and near-death experiences ( NDE ) , a term that he coined in 1975 .
'' It was a hard life for him , ... and not made easier by the ill-tempered and even vindictive behavior of his father ... '' Vallas , p. 37 Concerts performed by young Franck ( some with his brother on the violin , some including Franck 's own compositions ) were at first received well , but increasingly Nicholas-Joseph 's commercial promotion of his sons antagonized the Parisian musical journals and critics .
The current version , 4.6 , is modular and reusable .
The race is known in the United States as '' The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports '' or '' The Fastest Two Minutes in Sports '' for its approximate duration , and is also called '' The Run for the Roses '' for the blanket of roses draped over the winner .
He was baptized the same day .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was the highest award of Germany to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership during World War II .
The simplest way to add this template to an article is to copy and paste .
She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children 's who need financial assistance for the medical treatment of heart Disease .
Vugar Gashimov , born July 24 , 1986 in Baku , is one of the leading chess players from Azerbaijan .
With the exception of the Polar Bear the bears are mostly forest species .
They live in small family colonies of up to 24 individuals , usually a breeding pair , their offspring , and sometimes an unrelated extra male or two .
The Acts of Union were a pair of Parliamentary Acts passed in 1707 by the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England to put into effect the terms of the Treaty of Union that had been agreed on 22 July 1706 , following negotiation between commissioners representing the parliaments of the two countries .
The ships fire missiles that are unaffected by gravity ( due to a lack of processing time ) .
International use In some European Union countries , there are two separate boards , one executive board for the day-to-day business and one supervisory board for control purposes ( elected by the shareholders ) .
San Nazzaro is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Nottingham Express Transit ( NET ) is a light-rail tramway in the Nottingham area in England .
Green Bay is served by the Green Bay Press-Gazette .
Mouthpieces consist of a simple circular opening which leads , via a semi-spherical or conical cavity , to the main body of the instrument .
Europe As in England , town criers were the means of communication with the people of the town since many people could not read or write .
The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit , venue for the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix , NASCAR Canadian Tire Series , NASCAR Nationwide Series and Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series .
Throughout its history the San Francisco Symphony has had some great conductors , musicians , and singers as guests .
Pholus was the second centaur to be discovered and was quickly found to be quite red in color , for which it has been occasionally nicknamed '' Big Red '' .
Flag The white background of the flag stands for peace , and gives the idea of infinity , or the vast Brazilian territory .
Kirby , Ontario
Wikibooks ( previously called Wikimedia Free Textbook Project and Wikimedia-Textbooks ) is a Wiki hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation for the creation of free content textbooks and annotated texts that anyone can edit .
Wholly owned by the Government , the corporation is vested with the entire oil and gas resources in Malaysia and is entrusted with the responsibility of developing and adding value to these resources .
Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia Organa : Organa is a member of the Imperial Senate and a leader of the Rebel Alliance .
Air New Zealand Flight 901 ( TE-901 ) was a scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight that operated between 1977 and 1979 , from Auckland Airport to Antarctica and return via Christchurch .
It is officially known as Downtown DeLand Historic District .
In his initial films , Eisenstein did not use professional actors .
Pliny ( 23 -- 79 AD ) writes that the people that formed the nucleus of the Illyrian kingdom were ` Illyrians proper ' or Illyrii Proprie Dicti .
In Euclidean geometry , a henagon is usually considered to be an impossible object , because its single edge would extend to infinity .
The widow of a maharajah is known as a Rajmata .
Because of its large size , Grace generated large swells along the East Coast of the United States ; combined with abnormally high tides , these waves reached at least 15 f. Despite minor beach erosion , no substantial property damage occurred , although Carolina Beach , North Carolina , lost about 1 f of sand .
Kyle is usually depicted wearing winter attire which consists of a bright green ushanka , a bright orange jacket , dark green pants , and lime-green mittens/gloves .
He was the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1847 until his death and was the founder of Salt Lake City and the first governor of Utah Territory , United States .
At that time his father , Remzi Zarakolu , was the district governor on that island .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. was born in McComb , Mississippi to Willie Norwood , and Sonja Bates-Norwood .
Honoured for his services at William 's coronation with the earldom of Marlborough , he served with further distinction in the early years of the Nine Years ' War , but persistent charges of Jacobitism brought about his fall from office and temporary imprisonment in the Tower .
A list of order topics collects the various articles in the vicinity of order theory .
The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision ( ICD-10 ) is a coding of diseases and signs , symptoms , abnormal findings , complaints , social circumstances and external causes of injury or diseases , as classified by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
Achiote ( Bixa orellana ) is a shrub or small tree from the tropical region of the American continent .
The US customary system is based on English systems of the 18th century , while the Imperial system was defined in 1824 , after American independence .
Pop art and minimalism are considered to be art movements that precede postmodern art , or are some of the earliest examples of Postmodern Art themselves .
It is located 3,190 m above the sea level and has a perimeter of 1,150 m. From Byurakan village an asphalted automobile road stretches towards the source of Arkashen River , the lake Kari , located on a plateau below the peaks .
Precipitation can be divided into three categories , based on whether it falls as liquid water , liquid water that freezes on contact with the surface , or ice .
Billy-Montigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Two types of chambers are contemplated by Article 26 : firstly , chambers for special categories of cases , and second , the formation of ad hoc chambers to hear particular disputes .
Eisenstein hoped to pressure the Sinclairs to insinuate themselves between him and Stalin , so Eisenstein could finish the film in his own way .
The group released their first self-titled full album in late autumn 2007 with the lead single Girls ' Generation , a remake of Lee Seung-cheol 's 1989 song .
while Eric Bischoff created the World Heavyweight Championship for Raw .
Carabietta is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The god Sobek , which was depicted as a crocodile or a man with the head of a crocodile was a powerful and frightening deity ; in some Egyptian creation myths , it was Sobek who first came out of the waters of chaos to create the world .
A Rush of Blood to the Head is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Coldplay , released on 26 August 2002 in the United Kingdom by record label Parlophone .
PeaZip is released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License .
After imprisonment , he published the play from Paris but wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
'' I Want to Break Free '' was written by John Deacon out of frustration .
For 95 % of the population , the mother language is Hungarian , a Finno-Ugric language unrelated to any neighbouring language and distantly related to Finnish and Estonian .
The dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the Indus River for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .
The Park was severely damaged after the 2010 Pichilemu earthquake , with all of the balaustrades surrounding the park being destroyed .
Monroe 's birth certificate names the father as Martin Edward Mortensen with his residence stated as '' unknown '' .
April 8 ( or August 8 ) Thomas de Beauchamp , 12th Earl of Warwick ( b. 1338 )
His supporters called him '' The Incorruptible '' , while his adversaries called him the '' Tyrant '' and dictateur sanguinaire ( bloodthirsty dictator ) .
Babcock is an unincorporated census-designated place located in Wood County , Wisconsin , United States .
In addition , every state and union territory has its own official languages , and the constitution also recognizes in particular 21 '' scheduled languages '' .
Alternative may also refer to :
Aubrey Vincent Beardsley ( 21 August 1872 -- 16 March 1898 ) was an English illustrator and author .
Tarqeq , also known as Saturn LII ( provisional designation S\/2007 S 1 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
The city hosts the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen and its Gasometer Oberhausen is an anchor point of the European Route of Industrial Heritage .
To satisfy both the Iranian and British authorities , the couple were married three times , once in Iran and twice in the UK , in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony ; they have five children .
Its very dark surface and relatively large distance form the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars .
MediaWiki code review is itself facilitated through a MediaWiki extension .
Tree stems consist mainly of support and transport tissues ( xylem and phloem ) .
Many hospitals also have designated intensive care areas for certain specialities of medicine , as dictated by the needs and available resources of each hospital .
For a short time in the 1940s lithium chloride was manufactured as a salt substitute , but this was prohibited after the toxic effects of the compound were recognized .
Naini Lake is deep , but , according to experts , the level of oxygen in the hypolimnic layer ( the bottom , colder , stagnant , and constant temperature layer ) is much lower than is required to sustain fish -- and this is mostly due to pollution , which includes illegal dumping of garbage .
Case System
Despite the name , Virgin Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the Virgin Group , and indeed of each other .
He has only his innate charisma to help him as he tries to find out what happened to his past and avoid the attention of the pols .
A traditional superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Campbell ( Western Conference champion ) or Prince of Wales ( Eastern Conference champion ) Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; the players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
It organizes the WTA Tour , the worldwide professional tennis tour for women , which has for sponsorship reasons been known since 2005 as The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour .
In 1920 Blackpool Corporation took over the Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company gaining eight miles of track and three depots , two in Fleetwood and one in Bispham .
It is the southernmost of the Nordic countries , southwest of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany .
Henry was forced to raise the siege when the Duke of Parma came to the city 's relief with a Spanish army .
To this end , he structurally ordered whatever he perceived into simple forms and color planes .
A fixed-wing aircraft generates forward thrust when air is pushed in the direction opposite to flight . This can be done in several ways including by the spinning blades of a propeller , or a rotating fan pushing air from the back of a jet engine , or by ejecting hot gases from a rocket engine .
Blini ( ) are thicker pancakes made from wheat or buckwheat flour , butter , eggs , and milk , with yeast added to the batter .
Sexually transmitted infections have been well known for hundreds of years .
Morphology ( linguistics ) , the study of the structure and content of word forms
On that night , between sunset and sunrise , mosques employ speakers to educate congregants in attendance about Islam .
( born September 14 , 1986 ) is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
Madison Square Garden , often abbreviated as MSG and known colloquially as The Garden , is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan and located at 8th Avenue , between 31st and 33rd Streets , situated on top of Pennsylvania Station .
The Normans in the South 1016-1130 .
January 9 & ndash ; The French Academy of Sciences announces the Daguerreotype photography process .
Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Orchestra 's chief executive , appointed in 1999 , is Stephen Maddock .
In 1702 , following his father 's wishes , Handel began the study of law at the University of Halle ; however , he abandoned law for music , becoming the organist at the Protestant Cathedral .
Her husband , since 1963 , is millionaire Paul Pelosi . They have five children : Nancy Corinne , Christine , Jacqueline , Paul , and Alexandra , as well as seven grandchildren .
Wolong National Nature Reserve ( ) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
He landed 76 career quadruple jumps before his retirement in 2006 .
No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .
-- )
It was due to be delivered to London Underground by the end of 2006 for testing on the Victoria line during engineering hours , but this did not occur until May 2007 .
Eyespots can only sense ambient brightness : they can distinguish light from dark , sufficient for photoperiodism and daily synchronization of circadian rhythms .
An early example of a very large water wheel is the still extant wheel at the early 13th century Real Monasterio de Nuestra Senora de Rueda , a Cistercian monastery in the Aragon region of Spain .
In 1932 , Bulgakov married for the third time , to Yelena Shilovskaya , who would prove to be inspiration for the character Margarita in his most famous novel .
Electronic Arts published Xena : Warrior Princess for the PS1 in 1999 .
Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pond .
The 1984 Formula One season was the 35th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Nordsachsen is a district ( Kreis ) in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Darwin Holt of Alabama continued play and smashed his elbow into Granning 's face causing severe fracturing in his face , a broken nose , and blood-filled sinuses .
Sickling decreases the cells ' flexibility and results in a risk of various complications .
L'Atalante and its neighbors the Urania and Discovery deep hypersaline anoxic basins ( DHABs ) are at most 35,000 years old , and were formed by Messinian evaporite salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in abyssal depressions about deep .
The history of Japan comprises the history of the islands of Japan and the Japanese people ; spanning the ancient history of the region to the modern history of Japan as a nation state .
Writer is a word processor similar to Microsoft Word and Corel 's WordPerfect , with some of their features .
Page 555 ( pdf document page 3 of 6 ) Synapsids are one of the two major groups of amniote , the other being the sauropsids ( reptiles and birds ) .
The 56th NHL All-Star Game was held in Atlanta , Georgia as the Atlanta Thrashers hosted the event at Philips Arena on January 27 , 2008 .
With partner Meryl Davis , he is the 2010 Olympic silver medalist , the 2010 World silver medalist , the 2009 & 2010 U.S. national champion , the 2009 Four Continents champion , the 2009 Grand Prix Final champion and the 2008 Grand Prix Final bronze medalist .
He won the FIFA World Cup in 1990 as a player and coached the national team to second place at the 2002 World Cup .
Salignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Meanwhile , Durdles takes Jasper into the cathedral crypt .
Some DYK nominations may be found at
The 1730s decade ran from January 1 , 1730 , to December 31 , 1739 .
His compositions are particularly noted as being influenced by jazz and for their use of polytonality ( music in more than one key at once ) .
those strings accepted by some automaton , such as a Turing machine or finite state automaton ;
Jefferson served as minister to France from 1785 to 1789 , and did not attend the Philadelphia Convention , though he followed the proceedings by correspondence , and was supportive of it .
Shilpa Shetty ( Tulu : ; born 8 June 1975 ) is an Indian film actress and model .
Playing piano duets are great fun and an excellent way to become a better musician .
Elgin is home to the Elgin Symphony Orchestra , one of the largest orchestras in Illinois , and a primary option for live symphonic music in Chicago 's Northwest suburbs . Other classical music groups include the Elgin Youth Symphony Orchestra- the only youth symphony ever invited to Ravinia , the Elgin Choral Union , the Elgin Children 's Chorus , and Elgin Opera Outdoor music can be heard at the Wing Park Bandshell .
This model , dubbed the Game Boy Micro , is similar in style to the original Game Boy Advance 's horizontal orientation , but is much smaller and sleeker . The Game Boy Micro also allows the user to switch between several colored faceplates to allow customization , a feature which Nintendo advertised heavily around the Game Boy Micro 's launch .
Large quantities of outflow at the upper levels of a thunderstorm indicate its development . Too much outflow in the lower levels of a thunderstorm , however , can choke off the low-level inflow which fuels it .
In 1984 , the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone .
This is a particular problem if the data they contain are sensitive ( see data security ) .
Mistletoe is commonly used as a Christmas decoration , though such use was rarely alluded to into the 18th century .
The similarity of the structures in other respects , despite the complex nature of the organ , illustrates how there are some biological challenges ( vision ) that have an optimal solution .
Four billion years from now , the increase in the Earth 's surface temperature will cause a runaway greenhouse effect .
Females are smaller than males and are a blue-grey color with a brown tinge ,
Columbia 's main campus lies in the Morningside Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan , in New York City .
World Book Online Reference Center .
Condé - en-Brie
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority Police , or MTA Police , is the police agency of New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority , or MTA .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B'Day .
Le Fresne-Camilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition ; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness , of hope and of yearning .
It was granted entry as Manor Grand Prix on 12 June 2009 , as one of four new teams selected to race in the 2010 season .
It became known as the Prinsenvlag ( '' Prince 's flag '' ) and was based on the livery of William of Orange .
There were also joint railways between the big four and a few light railways to consider - see list of constituents of British Railways . Excluded from nationalisation were industrial lines like the Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway ; narrow-gauge railways , like the Ffestiniog Railway were also excluded , apart from two which were already owned by a company which was itself to be nationalised .
The bridge is named after Major-General John Dutton Frost ( 1912 & ndash ; 1993 ) , who commanded the British forces that reached and defended the bridge during the Battle of Arnhem in September 1944 .
Engineers need to know the quantified level of an actual or anticipated seismic performance associated with the direct damage to an individual building subject to a specified ground shaking . This is typically done by placing a model of the structure structure on a shake-table that simulates the earth shaking and observing its behavior .
The discovery earned for him the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1936 which he shared with Sir Henry Dale .
Above the local courts are the regional courts ( Landgerichte ; sing/O. , Landgericht ) , which are divided into two sections , one for major civil cases and the other for criminal cases .
The state of Kharan was established in about 1697 CE as a vassal state of Kalat , a status which remained until 1940 .
The band released their debut album , All Killer No Filler in 2001 .
Despite this , the Hadean environment was one highly hazardous to life .
In hemolysis ( accelerated breakdown of red blood cells ) , associated jaundice is caused by the hemoglobin metabolite bilirubin , and the circulating hemoglobin can cause renal failure .
The mountains reach a height of 1547 m/O. The northern island contains many glaciers , while the southern one has a tundra landscape .
The valley extends for approximately 45 miles ( 72 km ) in Riverside County southeast from the San Bernardino Mountains to the saltwater Salton Sea , the largest lake in California .
Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Boston ( ) is a town and small port in Lincolnshire , on the east coast of England .
Zanzibar 's ecology is of note for being the home of the endemic Zanzibar Red Colobus and the ( possibly extinct ) Zanzibar Leopard .
The magnetic field can be estimated at any point on a magnetic field line diagram ( whether on a field line or not ) using the direction and density of nearby magnetic field lines .
Paissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
U.S. House of Representatives Joint Resolution 71 was approved by a vote of 407 - 0 on October 25 , 2001 .
This is achieved by compiling the Java language code to an intermediate representation called Java bytecode , instead of directly to platform-specific machine code .
The voting is conducted by members of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association at the conclusion of each regular season to determine the winner .
Under My Skin is the second studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne , released on May 24 , 2004 by Arista Records .
His funeral was well attended , with estimates of the number of mourners along the two hour march ranging from 15,000 to over 50,000 .
The first cause of cancer was identified by British surgeon Percivall Pott , who discovered in 1775 that cancer of the scrotum was a common disease among chimney sweeps .
He quickly became the most successful publisher in Germany , eventually owning twenty-four printing-presses and having many offices in Germany and abroad .
Local sentiment demanded incorporation to prevent the relentless high-rise development of Ocean City from creeping north into Fenwick Island .
Roasting uses more indirect , diffused heat ( as in a oven ) , and is suitable for slower cooking of meat in a larger , whole piece .
The forehead and breast are pale gray with darker scalloping and the rest of the underparts are very-light green to yellow .
Ectosymbiosis , also referred to as exosymbiosis , is any symbiotic relationship in which the symbiont lives on the body surface of the host , including the inner surface of the digestive tract or the ducts of exocrine glands .
On March 30 , 2011 , Google announced that Kansas City had been selected as the site of an experimental fiber-optic network that Google will build at no cost to the city .
Retrieved on July 1 , 2009 ) is an American pop music singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress better known by her stage name , Vitamin C/ORGANIZATION. Her singles include '' Graduation ( Friends Forever ) '' , '' As Long As You 're Loving Me '' , '' The Itch '' , and her most successful hit the Top 20 Gold certified '' Smile '' .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
Oxygen is the third most abundant element in the universe by mass after hydrogen and heliumEmsley 2001 , p. 297 and the most abundant element by mass in the Earth 's crust .
The airline was awarded the title 2009 Airline of the Year by Skytrax .
An image of the act , sufficiently clear for display at 220 pixels ' width .
The term Praetorian derived from the tent of the commanding general or praetor of a Roman army in the field -- the praetorium .
Bhakkar Tahsil - Imperial Gazetteer of India , v. 8 , p. 43 Its area consists of riverine tract along the Indus called Kacha and the Thal historically called Chol-e-Jalali .
Construction of the new trains is on-going and rollout will continue until 2012 , when all 1967 Stock trains will be completely replaced .
When the series became a hit , the characters started leaving the bar , first to other sets and eventually to the occasional exterior location .
His successor was Herbert von Karajan , who led the orchestra from 1955 until his resignation in April 1989 , only months before his death .
The London boroughs and City of London are also effectively unitary authorities , although the Greater London Authority retains a limited level of administration .
Burnham , Hammond , and Duquesne appeared several times before the Committee on Agriculture to ask for help in importing large African animals .
Fifty-three is the 16th prime number .
Charles Obadiah '' Chuck '' Baldwin ( born May 3 , 1952 ) is an American politician and founder-pastor of Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola , Florida .
Secret Imperial Japanese Army Unit 731 , based primarily at Pingfan in Manchuria commanded by Lieutenant General Shir Ishii , did research on BW , conducted often fatal human experiments on prisoners , and produced biological weapons for combat use during the Second Sino-Japanese War .
When more power is required than a single cell can deliver , cells are electrically connected together to form photovoltaic modules , or solar panels .
As humans developed tools for hunting and eventually agriculture , their skill and technology enabled them to craft more complex instruments .
He was married to Junia Tertia ( Tertulla ) , who was the daughter of Servilia Caepionis and thus a half-sister of his co-conspirator Brutus .
Poanes taxiles ( Edwards , 1881 ) -- Golden Skipper
Evan Frank Lysacek ( ; born June 4 , 1985 ) is an American figure skater .
Lorraine ( ; ; Lorrain : Louréne ) is one of the 26 régions of France .
However journalists such as Ed Moloney , Peter Taylor , Mark Urban and historian Richard English have all named Adams as part of the IRA leadership since the 1970s .
South East England is one of the nine official regions of England , designated in 1994 and adopted for statistical purposes in 1999 .
The Brak Show was preceded by two specials , both entitled Brak Presents The Brak Show Starring Brak .
Artist bio by Rock critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic hosted at VH1 .
Jameson says that she started acting in pornographic films to get back at her boyfriend , Jack , for cheating on her .
Following the appointment of Walter Bronescombe as bishop in 1258 , the building was already recognized as outmoded , and it was rebuilt in the Decorated Gothic style , following the example of nearby Salisbury .
On 10 November 1912 , Tagore toured the United States and the United Kingdom , staying in Butterton , Staffordshire with Andrews ' clergymen friends .
The term chat room , or chatroom , is primarily used by mass media to describe any form of synchronous conferencing , occasionally even asynchronous conferencing .
Cotonsport Garoua is an Cameroonian football club based in Garoua .
Harrison was a representative for Surry County , Virginia , ( 1756-1758 ) and Charles City County ( 1766-1776 ) to the House of Burgesses .
The efficiency of using anti-tank dogs in World War II remains uncertain . There are claims by the Soviet sources that around 300 German tanks were damaged by Soviet anti-tank dogs .
In 1901 the town of Hamm itself became a separate urban authority , but the district retained the name of , and its administration continued to be located in , Hamm until 1929 .
Alan Gray ( 23 December 1855 , York -- 27 September 1935 , Cambridge ) was a British organist and composer .
He currently plays as a striker for Olympique Lyonnais in the French Ligue 1 .
The attractions of the Jamia Masjid of Srinagar , Kashmir include beautiful Indo-Saracenic architecture , a magnificent courtyard and 370 wooden pillars .
Bouloire is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
However , convection gradually organized , and from October 18 through October 19 , Wilma underwent explosive deepening over the open waters of the Caribbean . In a 30 - hour period , the pressure dropped from 982 mbar to the record-low of 882 mbar , while the winds increased to 184 mph ( 296 km\/h ) .
Bryan Sutton has also filled in on guitar when necessary while Eldridge played out commitments to The Infamous Stringdusters .
To compensate for this , players must wear special protective equipment , such as a padded plastic helmet , shoulder pads , hip pads and knee pads .
VAT based own resources VAT based own resources are taxes on EU citizens derived as a proportion of VAT levied in each member country .
Salzburg 's '' Old Town '' ( Altstadt ) with its world famous baroque architecture is one of the best-preserved city centres north of the Alps , and was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997 .
It is bordered by Jordan on the northwest , Iraq on the north and northeast , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and the United Arab Emirates on the east , Oman on the southeast , and Yemen on the south .
Though Braille is thought to be the main way blind people read and write , in Britain ( for example ) out of the reported 2 million visually impaired population , it is estimated that only around 15-20 thousand people use Braille .
The result is a sister language to French , Spanish and Italian , albeit a test-tube child , which differs from them by having sound-changes similar to those that affected the Welsh language , and words that are borrowed from Brythonic and from English throughout its pseudo-history .
A concept album , The Final Cut is the last of the band 's releases to include founding member and longtime lyricist Roger Waters . It is the only Pink Floyd album on which Waters is credited for the writing and composition of every song .
He married the cellist Peers Coetmore on July 26 , 1945Moeran chronology .
Wilmer Valderrama as Diego de la Muerte / El Muerto : Ten years later , a 21-year-old Diego has made a home for himself in the Latino community of East Los Angeles .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 81,860 people , 34,086 households , and 21,099 families residing in the city .
Luciano Pavarotti Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI ( 12 October 1935 -- 6 September 2007 ) was an Italian operatic tenor , who also crossed over into popular music , eventually becoming one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time .
Sun Xiang ( ; born January 15 , 1982 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese international football player who currently plays as a defender for Guangzhou Evergrande in China League One and is also the twin brother of fellow international footballer Sun Ji .
Media balance , the presentation of multiple viewpoints ( see also : Neutrality )
Thunderbolt 2004 2008 An ARM tower ride , similar to Power Tower at Cedar Point .
Research has indicated that suboptimal compromises are often the result of negotiators failing to realize when they have interests that are completely compatible with those of the other party and settle for suboptimal agreements .
Samberg fulfilled a lifelong dream and auditioned for the show .
Alan White had guested with local Seattle band MerKaBa on a number of occasions and Alan White and MerKaBa also had links with another local band , Treason .
It is also one of the three moons in the Solar System known to orbit its planet in less than the length of that planet 's day , the other two being Jupiter 's Adrastea and Mars 's Phobos .
From 1966 to 1999 , the company 's headquarters were on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studio at 1416 North La Brea Avenue , near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood .
In music , the range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play .
Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line 's peak service , and one unit was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005 .
The Phoenix Coyotes are a professional ice hockey team currently based in Glendale , Arizona , just outside of Phoenix .
Only Jim Parsons and Johnny Galecki were in the cast , and their across-the-hall neighbor ( now played by Kaley Cuoco ) was a much meaner character .
Moselle is a department in the east of France named after the river Moselle .
The British crown colony of New York is subdivided into 12 counties .
Chase lives with her mother Cathy Chase and was raised in Albany , Oregon , before moving to Los Angeles , California to pursue her career ( although she still spends much of her time in Albany ) .
At the end of World War II , parts of its territories ( roughly the present day Moldova ) were occupied by the USSR and Romania became a member of the Warsaw Pact .
The Sunshine Coast ( population 312,908 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers ) is a coastal region located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .
Lake Champlain ( French : lac Champlain ) is a natural , freshwater lake in North America , located mainly within the borders of the United States ( states of Vermont and New York ) but partially situated across the Canada -- United States border in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Indian English or South Asian English comprises several dialects or varieties of English spoken primarily in the Indian subcontinent .
See his entry at Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians , 5th ed , 1954 , vol .
Epiphany was developed from Galeon by Marco Pesenti Gritti , who was also the initiator of Galeon , with the aim of making a web browser that would be fully compliant with the GNOME human interface guidelines and that would have a very simple user experience .
However , Lennon had a problem with the words of the final verse , not being able to think of how to connect '' Now they know how many holes it takes to '' and '' the Albert Hall '' .
Genus Thylacinus
Four successful singles were released from this album : '' Thank You for the Venom '' , '' I 'm Not Okay ( I Promise ) '' , '' Helena '' and '' The Ghost of You '' .
Saturday is the only day of the week in which the English name comes from Roman mythology .
Both an oath and an affirmation can be a promise .
Second generation figures include Stanley Cavell and John Searle .
Its longest cup run was in the 2007 - 08 Scottish Cup , in which it reached the final and finished runners-up .
Eni operates in the supply , transport , distribution and sale of natural gas .
Tallest buildings This list includes the tallest 25 completed buildings in the country .
On 20 July 2009 , the team announced that Jaime Alguersuari would replace him as official driver for the rest of the season .
In 1941 Lie was named as Foreign Minister of the Norwegian government-in-exile , and he remained in this position until 1946 .
Each Braille character , or cell , is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
Edward VII ( Albert Edward ; 9 November 1841 -- 6 May 1910 ) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions and Emperor of India from 22 January 1901 until his death on 6 May 1910 .
This information can be viewed real-time on the NOAA Tides and Currents website , as long as the station is reporting .
ISBN 0-691-09112-9 Gustave Reese , Music in the Renaissance .
Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick ( born July 20 , 1969 , although other sources list July 20 , 1972Vitamin C at allmusic.com .
How to sign your posts Preferred option Using four tildes There are two ways to sign your posts : At the end of your comments , simply type four tildes ( ~ ) , like this : ~ ~ ~ ~ .
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
In March 313 he married Flavia Julia Constantia , half-sister of Constantine , at Mediolanum ( now Milan ) ; they had a son , Licinius the Younger , in 315 .
Michelle McCool became the inaugural champion on July 20 , 2008 when she defeated Natalya at The Great American Bash .
The katana facilitated this by being worn thrust through a belt ( obi ) with the edge of the blade facing up , which allowed the samurai to draw and cut their enemy in a single motion .
Scientific laboratories can be found in schools and universities , in industry , in government or military facilities , and even aboard ships and spacecraft .
The Glagolitic alphabet was the initial script of the liturgical language Old Church Slavonic and became , together with the Greek uncial script , the basis of the Cyrillic alphabet . The Cyrillic alphabet is one of the most widely used modern alphabets , and is notable for its use in Slavic languages and also for other languages within the former Soviet Union .
Miocene to Recent
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 34,668 .
It is one of the world 's best-selling game system lines with a combined 200 + million units sold worldwide .
The lyrics come from '' Defence of Fort McHenry '' , a poem written in 1814 by the 35-year-old amateur poet Francis Scott Key after witnessing the bombardment of Fort McHenry by Royal Navy ships in Chesapeake Bay during the Battle of Baltimore in the War of 1812 .
He was famously accused of corruption in an impeachment in 1787 , but was acquitted in 1795 .
Chinese poker , also Pusoy ( but not Pusoy Dos or Russian Poker ) , is a card game that has been played in the Asian community for many years .
Mainstream is , generally , the common current of thought of the majority .
Bassist Guy Berryman came up with the opening line '' Look at the stars '' .
Because gas is compressible , the equipment is less likely to be damaged by shock .
Deanne Bray was also added as Emma Coolidge , the deaf woman who had enhanced synesthesia ( seeing colors for music ) including the ability to create a siren song .
Senna entered karting competition at the age of 13 .
Lecture Theatres The Administrative Block houses three Lecture Theatres , an AV Theatrette and a Band Room .
Léognan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He also hosts his own weekly radio show , Corsten 's Countdown .
T-shirt Tee A garment covering a person 's torso which is usually without buttons , pockets or a collar , and has long or ( mostly ) short sleeves .
However , this species breeds well in captivity , and has been successfully re-introduced ; in 2004 it was estimated that there were 800 birds in the wild , as well as 1000 in wildfowl collections and zoos .
Wolff started the league after many midwestern cities contacted him ( through his affiliation with Baseball America ) asking how they could get a minor league team .
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six .
Paul Michael London ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
It is located in Karachi , Sindh , and is also commonly known as the Jinnah Terminal .
Sir John Grey Gorton , GCMG , AC , CH ( 9 September 1911 - 19 May 2002 ) , Australian politician , was the 19th Prime Minister of Australia .
This mechanism of sex determination gives rise to what W. D. Hamilton first termed '' supersisters '' who share 75 per cent of their genes on average .
and in the Iliad , ( XVII .53 ff ) is a metaphoric description of a lone olive tree in the mountains , by a spring ; the Greeks observed that the olive rarely thrives at a distance from the sea , which in Greece invariably means up mountain slopes .
It was re-released on VHS as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection on January 5 , 1999 , but was recalled three days later and reissued on March 23 , 1999 ( see '' Controversy '' ) .
Speaker for the Dead (/O1986/O) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender 's Game .
Kolo Habib Touré ( born 19 March 1981 ) is an Ivorian professional footballer who currently plays for Premier League club Manchester City and is the current club vice-captain , and also plays internationally for the Ivorian national team .
A '' College Joyfest '' to promote awareness and sensitivity among youth of 300 + college campuses in India catalyzing as fundraisers for the partner with local NGOs during the cultural festivals .
The Province of Ascoli Piceno ( ) is a province in the Marche region of Italy .
The Cardinals are the oldest professional sports franchise west of the Mississippi .
After pursuing Confederate General Robert E. Lee into Maryland , Union Army Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan launched attacks against Lee 's army , in defensive positions behind Antietam Creek .
The National Football Conference ( NFC ) is one of the two ( NFC and AFC ) conferences of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Evening Shade is a town in Sharp County , Arkansas , United States .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 35.3 square miles ( 91.3 km ) , of which , 35.3 square miles ( 91.3 km ) of it is land and 0.03 % is water .
The , or TSE , located in Tokyo , Japan , is the second largest stock exchange in the world by aggregate market capitalization of its listed companies , second only to the New York Stock Exchange .
His cell observations gave no indication of the nucleus and other organelles found in most living cells .
Today , the Japanese people continue the tradition of hanami , gathering in great numbers wherever the flowering trees are found .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
He fell so deeply in love with a young singing student , Julia Marc , that his feelings were obvious whenever they were together , and Julia 's mother quickly found her a more suitable match .
He chose a spherical shape for his mirror instead of a parabola to simplify construction , even though it would introduce spherical aberration , it would still correct chromatic aberration .
According to Ethnologue , the Zazaki language is a part of the northwestern group of the Iranian section of the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European family .
The parameter is at the same time the mean , the median and the mode of the normal distribution .
Brixton in south London was an area enduring severe social \/O/ economic problems ; the local community was suffering high unemployment , low wages , poor housing , and had access to very few amenities , all of which contributed to a higher than average crime rate .
Kot Gullah is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
Louisa Maria Teresa Stuart ( 28 June 1692 -- 18 April 1712 ) , known to Jacobites as The Princess Royal , was the last child of James II and VII ( 1633 -- 1701 ) , the deposed king of England , Scotland , and Ireland , and of his queen , Mary of Modena .
Immediately subordinate to the legate would be six elected military tribunes - five would be staff officers and the remaining one would be a noble heading for the Senate ( originally this tribune commanded the legion ) .
In 1999 , the Hudson-developed Mario Party series began on the Nintendo 64 .
It was first run in 1896 and has stopped only for two world wars .
In an early sort of meteorology , Native Americans in the midwestern parts of the modern United States often tracked and followed known weather patterns while offering to perform a rain dance for settlers in return for trade items .
Namsan wie jeo sonamu cheolgabeul dureun deutBaram seori bulbyeonhameun uri gisangilse The pinetree atop foremountain stands firmly unchanged under wind and frost as if wrapped in armour , as is our resilient spirit .
Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate ( Li2CO3 ) , lithium citrate , and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers . They are used in the treatment of bipolar disorder since , unlike most other mood altering drugs , they counteract both depression and mania ( though more effective for the latter ) .
It used to be an administrative division of the Sindh namely the Hyderabad Division , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
This color scheme generator helps a graphic designer see color schemes as seen by eight types of color blindness .
Encyclopedia Britannica : Pygmy A member of a slightly taller group is termed pygmoid .
It quickly grew in popularity , surpassing 120 film by the late 1960s to become the most popular photographic film format .
Henry VIII had three legitimate children who survived him , all of whom ascended to the Crown .
In 1992 , Mike D founded the Beastie Boys now-defunct record label Grand Royal Records .
The Penguin ( born Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot ) is a DC Comics supervillain , antagonist , and one of Batman 's oldest , most persistent enemies .
Lenny and Carl , two of Homer 's coworkers .
The system originated out of an upper-level low just west of the Canary Islands on September 28 .
Saint-Brice , Mayenne is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Confetti is made in a variety of colors , and commercially available confetti is available in imaginative shapes .
Kahoolawe ( in English and in Hawaiian ) is the smallest of the 8 main volcanic islands in the Hawaiian Islands .
Santa Fe is the capital city of province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
Kittanning is a borough and the county seat of Armstrong County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Saint Maurice starts to be portrayed as a Moor .
John Cromwell Mather ( b. August 7 , 1946 , Roanoke , Virginia ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist and Nobel Prize in Physics laureate for his work on COBE with George Smoot .
As the World Turns is notable for having been taped in New York City for all of its time on television ( 43 years in Manhattan and Brooklyn since 1999 ) .
Persons born in one country who immigrate to another with different naming conventions may have their names legally changed accordingly .
If the output of the first LFSR is '' 1 '' , the output of the second LFSR becomes the output of the generator .
He wrote the screenplays for Underworld ( aka Transmutations -- 1985 ) and Rawhead Rex (/O1986/O) , both directed by George Pavlou .
In Most Haunted : Recurring Nightmares , the presenters recall their most frightening visits .
The Free City of Danzig ( ; ) was a semi-autonomous city-state that existed between 1920 and 1939 , consisting of the Baltic Sea port of Danzig ( today Gda sk ) and surrounding areas .
The late twentieth century saw an increase in the number of mosques used for political purposes .
It is intended that Main and Restricted should contain all software needed for a general-use Linux system .
Neil is pessimistic and believes everyone and everything hates him , although he does have two hippie friends - one also named Neil and one named Warlock .
The following is a list of the 43 cantons of the Ain department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
This angered Wolf who started telling House , from the stage , that all he cared about was whiskey and that he had had a chance to do something with his life but threw it away , to paraphrase Wolf .
He had three sisters , Demeter , Hestia , and Hera , as well as two brothers , Zeus , the youngest of the three , and Poseidon , collectively comprising the original six Olympian gods .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I ( 1914 -- 18 ) , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as ( French for '' the ace '' ) after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
Due to an error printing , it was called '' The Pioneers '' on the album track-listing .
It is best-known as the home of former President of the United States George W. Bush .
It is the basis for the record-setting musical Cats .
The team , near collapse , was purchased by Australian businessman Paul Stoddart in early 2001 , merging it with his European Racing Formula 3000 team .
Beetles have mouthparts similar to those of grasshoppers .
Primary industries supporting Akron 's economy in current day include , Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company , FirstEnergy , FirstMerit Bank , Gojo Industries , and Roadway Express .
Bours is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Throughout the 80s and 90s most of the bands on Epitaph were punk and pop punk groups , while it is now primarily made up of post-hardcore and bands .
Blessed Pope Pius IX ( 13 May 1792 , Senigallia - 7 February 1878 ) , born Giovanni Maria Mastai-Ferretti , was the longest-reigning elected Pope in the history of the Catholic Church , serving from 16 June 1846 until his death , a period of nearly 32 years .
If Chiara sounds familiar , that 's probably because she 's also done voice work including roles in Hamtaro , Trollz , My Little Pony , Polly Pockets , Barbie Fairytopia , X-Men : Evolution , Sabrina , Bionicle , Inuyasha , and Storm Hawks .
It was not released as a single in the U.S.
The vampire squid ( Vampyroteuthis infernalis , lit .
Together with his friend Christian Gaudian , Gueffroy attempted on the night of February 5 & ndash ; 6 , 1989 , to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin , along the Britz district canal .
'' Philosophical views are typically classed as skeptical when they involve advancing some degree of doubt regarding claims that are elsewhere taken for granted . ''
In particular , for a randomly chosen input , if one flips the i-th bit , then the probability that the j-th output bit will change should be one half , for any i and j - this is termed the strict avalanche criterion . More generally , one may require that flipping a fixed set of bits should change each output bit with probability one half .
The Columbia Encyclopedia , 6th ed .
Bank of America Stadium ( formerly known as Carolinas Stadium and Ericsson Stadium ) is a 73,778-seat football stadium located on 33 a of land in uptown Charlotte , North Carolina , USA .
Horse riding and other equestrian uses of trails continue to be a popular activity for many trail users .
Toy Story 2 is set for re-release in a double feature with Toy Story in Disney Digital 3-D on October 2 , 2009 , and Toy Story 3 , is scheduled for release on June 18 , 2010 , is in development .
Finnish paganism was the indigenous pagan religion in Finland , Estonia and Karelia prior to Christianization .
Singin ' in the Rain is a 1952 comedy musical film starring Gene Kelly , Donald O'Connor , and Debbie Reynolds and directed by Kelly and Stanley Donen , with Kelly also providing the choreography .
A third novel called Children of Dune was published in 1976 , and became the first hardcover best-seller ever in the science fiction field .
Members were Jon Brion , Bill Murphy and Don '' Riff '' Fertman .
The Jervis Bay Territory is a territory of the Commonwealth of Australia .
Brig , officially Brig-Glis ( ) is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
These are smaller than the original volumes due to erosion . .
It was discovered by Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 7 .
Unlike sterilization , pasteurization is not intended to kill all micro-organisms in the food .
The event was promoted as Vengeance until the 2008 edition .
Louis Durey ( 27 May 1888 - 3 July 1979 ) Randel , Don Michael ( 1996 ) .
'' Chicken Huntin ' '' is a single by hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse , from their second studio album , Ringmaster .
Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term to denote the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Supreme God .
YES ( Your Extraordinary Saturday ) a learning program from the Minnesota Institute for Talented Youth
It is one of the holiest cities of Shia Isl m and the center of Shia political power in Iraq .
In 1736 at the age of 19 she was married to Francis of Lorraine , then only Duke of Lorraine .
The Renault Mégane is a small family car produced by the French automaker Renault since 1995 .
Thus , although the senate planned to confirm Marcus alone , he refused to take office unless Lucius received equal powers .
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone , also called 91C .
A baker 's dozen , long dozen , long measure , or Roughrider 's dozen is 13 , one more than a standard dozen .
These , apparently , were led by Tituba , Parris 's slave from Barbados .
is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player .
The two initial tribes were the all-female Jaburu ( named for a native stork ) and the all-male Tambaqui ( a native fish ) .
Lucius Aelius Sejanus begins to dominate the Roman Senate and Tiberius , after the death of Julius Caesar Drusus .
Theatre rail , see batten ( theater ) , from which lighting fixtures , theatrical scenery , tabs or curtains may be hung
Bluesnet.hub.org for further information relating to House 's age -- October 19 , 1988 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist .
; also known as Ooyamatohikosukitomo no Mikoto ; was the 4th emperor of JapanImperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O4/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
He concluded by saying that he killed the Turkish diplomats as representatives of the '' government that had massacred his people '' .
It took several images of Umbriel , which allowed mapping of about 40 % of the moon 's surface .
can sleep and wake up at the same time every day , if they want to .
The Thirty-Nine Articles of Religion were established in 1563 and are the historic defining statements of Anglican doctrine in relation to the controversies of the English Reformation ; especially in the relation of Calvinist doctrine and Roman Catholic practices to the nascent Anglican doctrine of the evolving English Church .
Barrow A.F.C. are an English football team founded in 1901 based in the town of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria , England .
Saint-Martin-Don is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The film was unveiled to coincide with Oasis ' compilation album Stop the Clocks , released on 20 November 2006 .
Condeissiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Taylor spent 51 years in China .
It is served by Burley Park railway station and regular bus routes along Kirkstall Road , Cardigan Road and Burley Road .
In February 2010 , Kim competed in the ladies event at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games , held in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
According to the 2010 U.S. Census , the population of the city is 85,603 , making it the sixth largest city in Connecticut , and the third largest in Fairfield County .
Initial problems of the new government , marked by policy disputes between the moderate and traditional left wings of the SPD , resulting in some voter disaffection .
The Royal Navy shortened '' master and commander '' to '' commander '' in 1794 ; however , the term '' master and commander '' remained ( unofficially ) in common parlance for several years .
See the design and variety of thongs for details or guidelingerie.com for a comparison of G-string .
The , was a period in the history of Japan lasting from 538 to 710 ( or 592-645 ) , although its beginning could be said to overlap with the preceding Kofun period .
Hans-Georg '' Katsche '' Schwarzenbeck ( born on 3 April 1948 in Munich ) is a retired German football player .
The theater was inaugurated on 3 August 1778 and was originally known as the New Royal-Ducal Theatre at La Scala ( ) .
Jalal Dabagh has written and translated numerous books .
Katie , feeling betrayed by Ian , became even more distraught when Ian took Tom with him on a reward instead of her as he had promised .
Year ranges , like all ranges , are separated by an en dash : do not use a hyphen or slash ( , not or ) .
In non-wrestling jargon , heels are the '' bad guys '' in professional wrestling storylines .
It is located on Ealing Road ( A4089 road ) a short distance from the junction with Bridgewater Road ( A4005 ) and is close to Alperton Bus Garage and the Paddington branch of the Grand Union Canal .
When the computer is restarted it reloads the content of memory and is restored to the state it was in when hibernation was invoked .
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1932 -- 33 ( listed with their first team , asterisk ( \* ) marks debut in playoffs ) :
His first teaching job came shortly afterward at the Children 's Community School , a preschool with a very small enrollment operating in a church basement , founded by a group of students in emulation of the Summerhill method of education .
Cadmium iodide is used in lithography , photography , electroplating and the manufacturing of phosphors .
The Red Junglefowl ( Gallus gallus ) is a tropical member of the Pheasant family , and is widely believed to be a direct ancestor of the domestic chicken .
Indigofera is a large genus of about 700 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae .
On his returnn to England he was charged in Parliament with high crimes and misdemeanors by Edmund Burke , who was encouraged by Sir Philip Francis , whom Hastings had wounded during a duel in India .
At the age of three she fled England which was in a state of Civil war and moved to the court of her first cousin Louis XIV of France .
The invasion of Babylonia by Cyrus was doubtless facilitated by the existence of a disaffected party in the state , as well as by the presence of foreign forced exiles like the Jews , who had been planted in the midst of the country .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
Owens , Grove Online Life Early years Little is known of Rore 's early life .
Viacom 's Marketing Director was Pat Thompson who put together the fight and subsequently put together additional PPV fights , wrestling matches , and even a Broadway play .
The name comes from the noun grana ( ` grain ' ) , which refers to the distinctively grainy texture of the cheese , and the adjective Padano , which refers to the valley Pianura Padana .
Glarus ( German : ; ; ; ) is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
In Egyptian mythology , Tefnut ( alternate spellings Tefenet , Tefnet ) is a goddess of water and fertility .
Carlo Gesualdo , known as Gesualdo da Venosa ( March 8 , 1566 & ndash ; September 8 , 1613 ) , Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza , was an Italian music composer , lutenist and nobleman of the late Renaissance .
A norm is an expectation of how people will behave , and it takes the form of a rule that is socially rather than formally enforced .
The SS , through its intelligence arm , the Security Service ( Sicherheitsdienst , or SD ) , dealt with Jews , Gypsies , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , political or religious affiliation deemed by the Nazis to be either Untermensch ( sub-human ) or in opposition to the regime , and placed them in concentration camps .
Whittier is a city in Los Angeles County , California about southeast of Los Angeles .
Christianity is the dominant religion in the city .
An API is implemented by applications , libraries , and operating systems to determine their vocabularies and calling conventions , and is used to access their services .
The Bronze Medal of Military Valor ( Italian language : Medaglia di bronzo al Valore Militare ) is an Italian medal awarded by the King of Italy .
Like carbon fiber reinforced plastic , the composited material is commonly referred to by the name of its reinforcing fibers ( fiberglass ) .
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Alternative agricultural practices for using male dairy calves include raising bob veal ( slaughter at 2 or 3 days old ) , raising calves as '' red veal '' without the severity of dietary restrictions needed to create pale meat ( resulting in fewer antibiotic treatments and fewer slaughtered calves ) , and as dairy beef .
Heinlein 's Starship Troopers is an early example , along with the Dorsai novels of Gordon Dickson .
It appears in the Tanakh and in the Christian Old Testament .
Displayed at right is the color dark lavender , a representation of the exact shade of lavender that is used in the central band of the bisexual pride flag ( Pantone color # 258 -- '' Deep Lavender '' ) .
In 1939 , with Babcock 's support , Stebbins was made a full professor in the Department of Genetics at UC Berkeley , after the Department of Botany failed to promote him .
Perlman contracted polio at the age of four .
The Shyok River , a tributary of the Indus River , originates from the Rimo Glacier , one of the tongues of Siachen Glacier .
With Pli selon pli for orchestra with solo soprano , he began to work with an idea of improvisation and open-endedness .
The thyroid is one of the larger endocrine glands , weighing 2-3 grams in neonates and 18-60 grams in adults , and is increased in pregnancy .
Despite the show being condemned by China Central Television as being '' vulgar and manipulative '' , a third season of the show was launched and finished in early October 2006 .
The officers of arms occupy posts bearing traditional titles with royal connotations .
Quant named the miniskirt after her favorite make of car , the Mini .
Antemus is thought to derive directly from Potwarmus , which has a more primitive tooth pattern .
The name limpet is perhaps most often applied to members of the clade Patellogastropoda , the true limpets , which are all marine ; however , the feature of a simple conical shell has arisen independently many times in gastropod evolution , in many different lineages .
Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is an English association football club based at Boundary Park , on Furtherwood Road in Oldham , Greater Manchester .
She has two younger brothers , Timmy and Nathan .
Hymenoptera originated in the Triassic , the oldest fossils belonging to the family Xyelidae .
November 6 & ndash ; Emperor Tsuchimikado of Japan ( b. 1196 )
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
Elsa agrees to this .
Obi-Wan heads to Kamino , where he discovers that an army of clone troopers is being secretly produced for the Republic , using a bounty hunter named Jango Fett as their genetic template .
The word caracal comes from the Turkish word '' karakulak '' , meaning '' black ear '' .
The name is a portmanteau of cybernetics and punk , and was originally coined by Bruce Bethke as the title of his short story '' Cyberpunk , '' published in 1983 .
