Northern Elephant Seal , Mirounga angustirostris
The silver maple ( Acer saccharinum ) - also called creek maple , river maple , silverleaf maple , soft maple , water maple , or white maple- is a species of maple native to eastern North America in the eastern United States and adjacent parts of southeast Canada .
Dragon 's blood , a red resin used traditionally in medicine , varnish , and dyes , may be obtained from the fruit of Daemonorops species .
In September 2008 , they won in the US their first MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist .
The original lineup of W.A.S.P. was formed in Los Angeles , California in 1982 by Blackie Lawless , Rik Fox , Randy Piper and Tony Richards .
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance , California USA , spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street , a short distance west of Western Avenue .
A sensory system is a part of the nervous system responsible for processing sensory information . A sensory system consists of sensory receptors , neural pathways , and parts of the brain involved in sensory perception .
Abstract Two primary classes of thermodynamic cycles are power cycles and heat pump cycles .
Mary was a devout Catholic who had been influenced greatly by the Catholic King of Spain and Holy Roman Emperor , Charles V , and she tried to reimpose Catholicism on the realm .
Write cache reliability Some RAID systems use RAM write cache to increase performance .
Temporary paralysis occurs during REM sleep , and dysregulation of this system can lead to episodes of waking paralysis .
It is heavily influenced by the elegance and sophistication of the manners often associated with the Imperial Court in Kyoto .
Salonen , born in Helsinki , Finland , studied horn and composition at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki , as well as conducting with Jorma Panula .
He was private agent in London of the Government Junta of Iquique in 1891 .
She participated in a Pablo Casals masterclass in Zermatt , Switzerland in 1960 , and undertook short-term studies with Paul Tortelier in Paris in 1962 and Mstislav Rostropovich in Russia in 1966 .
There are three main towns around the bay : Torquay in the north , Paignton in the center , and Brixham in the south , which have become connected over the years , swallowing up villages and towns such as St Marychurch , Cockington , Marldon , Churston Ferrers and Galmpton .
It is one of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , the second-largest of the Queen Elizabeth Islands , Canada 's sixth largest island , and the 27th largest island in the world .
A professional pianist can perform solo pieces , play with an ensemble or orchestra , or accompany one or more singers , solo instrumentalists , or other performers .
It is the oldest school in Singapore .
Thus , the battle of Blenheim was fought on 13 August ( Gregorian calendar ) or 2 August ( Julian calendar ) .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
Eight years later , President William Howard Taft expanded the West Wing and created the first Oval Office which was eventually moved as the section was expanded .
The book is extremely popular worldwide .
The uploading of videos containing defamation , pornography and material encouraging criminal conduct is prohibited by YouTube 's terms of service .
It was nominated for Best Director , Best Picture , and Best Sound .
Mogneneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Bayreuth Festival maintained an exclusive monopoly on Parsifal productions until 1903 , when the opera was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York .
In the 17th century it used to be named fleuret and it was developed in France .
Ussy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Trio ( Stargate Atlantis ) , an episode of the television series Stargate Atlantis
By making the hero of the tale a disobedient and rebellious little rabbit , Potter subverted her era 's definition of the good child and the literary hero genre which typically followed the adventures of a brave , resourceful , young white male .
Stephanie Lynn '' Stevie '' Nicks ( born May 26 , 1948 ) is an American singer-songwriter , best known for her work with Fleetwood Mac and an extensive solo career , which collectively have produced over forty Top 50 hits and sold over 140 million albums .
At its height the Chola empire spanned almost straddling the Bay of Bengal .
Since these aspects of the soul were said to bind after death , Nehebkau was said to have guarded the entrance to Duat , the underworld .
Sokratis Kokkalis ( born 27 May , 1939 ) is a Greek businessman who has been a member of the Forbes 500 list of the world 's 500 richest people .
It is a children 's story ( with both music and text by Prokofiev ) , spoken by a narrator accompanied by the orchestra .
The game port was the traditional connector for video game input devices on x86-based PCs .
Other major regional centers in Gelderland are Wageningen , Ede , Zutphen , Doetinchem , Harderwijk , Epe , Wijchen and Tiel .
Many of its early authors were the children of Jewish immigrants from Europe .
The site of the first British colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip , commodore of the First Fleet as a penal colony . The city is built on hills surrounding Port Jackson which is commonly known as Sydney Harbour , where the iconic Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge are featured prominently .
He is then lifted up on the wrestler 's shoulders and slammed down back-first to the mat .
These functions are highly dependent on its composition , which defines its properties .
The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season was a very active hurricane season ; 16 named storms formed , 8 of them hurricanes and 5 of those major hurricanes .
By the early 1960s , the Disney empire was a major success , and Walt Disney Productions had established itself as the world 's leading producer of family entertainment . Walt Disney was the Head of Pageantry for the 1960 Winter Olympics .
This law is also called Kirchhoff 's second law , Kirchhoff 's loop ( or mesh ) rule , and Kirchhoff 's second rule .
The second Mass also contains an Offertoire with a similar form , but this Mass is not considered as masterly as the first : Apel wrote , '' In general , Couperin did not expend the same care for this Mass , which was written for modest abbey churches , as for the other one , which he himself certainly presented on important holidays on the organ of Saint-Gervais .
The WWF European Championship , as it was then known , emerged in 1997 when The British Bulldog became the first Champion after winning a tournament that was held over several shows in Germany , culminating in a finals victory over Owen Hart .
Gregory Kurtley van der Wiel ( ; born 3 February 1988 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch international footballer who plays professionally for Ajax and the Netherlands national football team .
To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt designed by E.M. Barry which provided much of the station 's passenger facilities as well as an impressive architectural frontispiece to the street .
This coast is marked by several spits , coastal lakes ( former bays that have been cut off from the sea ) , and dunes .
Oakbrook Terrace is located at ( 41.853720 , -87.968250 ) .
Warfield is a city in Martin County , Kentucky , United States .
Pirelli is the only allowed tyre brand in the FIM World Superbike Championship since 2007 ( along with its support classes , such as the Supersport World Championship ) .
Budding is a bit like Binary Fisson , but it is used by plants and some animals .
William Jason Reso ( born November 30 , 1973 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor , currently signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wrestling on its ECW brand as Christian , where he is the reigning ECW Champion .
Year 33 ( XXXIII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The Nothing That Is : A Natural History of Zero .
Cell division is usually a small segment of a larger cell cycle . This type of cell division in eukaryotes is known as mitosis , and leaves the daughter cell capable of dividing again .
Like squares and equilateral triangles , regular hexagons fit together without any gaps to tile the plane ( three hexagons meeting at every vertex ) , and so are useful for constructing tessellations .
Increasing water demand and some dry winters have resulted in stress on the lake and a decreasing water line , at times to dangerously low levels .
The Duke was based on the BR Standard Class 7 Britannia design .
Another word , electronica , has been widely used in mainstream journalism since 1997 , but most fans view this term with suspicion as a marketing label devised by the music industry '' .
The seismicity or seismic activity of an area refers to the frequency , type and size of earthquakes experienced over a period of time .
Google Chrome OS is a Linux operating system designed by Google to work exclusively with web applications . Google announced the operating system on July 7 , 2009 and made it an open source project , called Chromium OS , that November .
Warwickshire ( or ) is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England .
His creation involves all musical forms and genres and is distinguished by a personal melodic inspiration .
A phosphate , an inorganic chemical , is a salt of phosphoric acid .
Chinchillas are crepuscular rodents , slightly larger than ground squirrels , native to the Andes mountains in South America .
According to Noam Chomsky , '' In one month , this massive military operation murdered some 2,000 people , raped hundreds of women and girls , displaced three-quarters of the population , and demolished 75 percent of the country 's infrastructure '' ( Radical Priorities , 72 ) .
Booker T won the Battle Royal , as he eliminated Chris Masters .
, reached number 13 on the charts ; Count Basie recorded a famous version .
Pohjola played Argentine chacarera and jazz compositions with bassist and composer Fernando Huergo until 2009 .
After the September 11 , 2001 attacks , it became known that 15 of the 19 suspected hijackers were Saudi .
Books have no scroll bars , while a browser does , so printed content needs to be split up on several pages .
President George W. Bush was arriving at Emma E. Booker Elementary School in Sarasota , Florida when aides informed him of the crash .
He was stripped of all his offices except that of Pontifex Maximus .
The term as a noun can refer to the meat , the cooking apparatus itself ( the '' barbecue grill '' ) , or to a party that includes such food .
The Second War ( 1332 - 1357 ) began with the English-supported invasion of Edward Baliol and the '' Disinherited '' in 1332 , and ended in 1357 with the signing of the Treaty of Berwick .
Dolliver is a city in Emmet County , Iowa , United States .
The single '' The Bright Lights Of America '' was released exclusively on iTunes on February 12 , 2008 .
The Armadale Line is a suburban railway line in Perth , Australia .
It was said to be '' the result of the general success of Socialist construction , of the correct policy of the Party '' and that such an opera '' could have been written only by a Soviet composer brought up in the best tradition of Soviet culture .
M/S Explorer The Explorer was depicted on at least two postage stamps issued by South Georgia and one issued by the Falkland Islands .
The largest shelf -- the Siberian Shelf in the Arctic Ocean -- stretches to 1500 kilometers ( 930 miles ) in width .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
It has been claimed , A series , episode 8 of QI .
In 1885 , the Austrian chemist baron Carl Auer von Welsbach separated didymium into two elements , praseodymium and neodymium , which gave salts of different colors .
Reception Foreman has made over 150 million dollars from the sales of his grills , a sum that is substantially more than he earned as a boxer .
Canoes usually are pointed at both bow and stern and are normally open on top , but can be decked over ( i.e. covered , similar to a kayak ) .
The standard plural of the word kimono in English is kimonos , but the unmarked Japanese plural kimono is also sometimes used .
St. John is located about 4 miles east of Saint Thomas , the location of the territory 's capital , Charlotte Amalie , and 4 miles south and west of Tortola , part of the British Virgin Islands .
The album 's singles , including '' Somewhere I Belong '' , '' Breaking the Habit '' , '' Faint '' , and '' Numb '' , received significant radio attention .
Aubeterre is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Manuel Friedrich ( born 13 September 1979 in Bad Kreuznach ) is a German footballer who plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen , as a central defender .
The original design measured only 6.5 inches ( 16.5 cm ) by 6.5 inches ( 16.5 cm ) by 2 inches ( 5.1 cm ) .
Cedar Key is a city in Levy County , Florida , United States .
With about twenty-five million visitors annually , Central Park is the most visited city park in the United States , and its appearance in many movies and television shows have made it famous .
Although the French were victorious against Venice at the Battle of Agnadello , the League of Cambrai soon fell apart , as both the Pope and Ferdinand II became suspicious of French intentions .
With the Peace of Amiens again allowing travel to France , in 1802 Wordsworth and his sister , Dorothy , visited Annette and Caroline in France and arrived at a mutually agreeable settlement regarding Wordsworth 's obligations .
He was reported to have had an advanced form of dementia , similar to the brains of four retired NFL players who had suffered multiple concussions , sank into depression , and harmed themselves or others .
Substances that interact with catalysts to slow the reaction are called inhibitors ( or negative catalysts ) .
Thirty of these units , designated Class 350\/1s , were built for use by Central Trains and Silverlink on regional express services and services on the southern section of the West Coast Main Line .
In 2002 , it had a population of 421,724 and the population density was 78\/km .
Peter Fox ( born Pierre Baigorry ; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox ) Born 3 September 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin .
Cusco ( in English , often spelled Cuzco ; in Quechua written Qusqu and pronounced ) is a city in southeastern Peru , near the Urubamba Valley of the Andes mountain range .
The Actinidia is native to South of China .
Trumpet Manucode ( Manucodia keraudrenii ) is species of medium-sized , approximately 31 cm long bird in the family Paradisaeidae . It has elongated horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers .
Massa is a town and comune in Tuscany , central Italy , the administrative center of the province of Massa-Carrara .
During the late 1990s , Boeing began considering replacement aircraft programs as sales for the 767 and Boeing 747-400 slowed .
While at Fort Hood , 2LT Robinson often used his weekend leave to visit the Rev. Karl Downs , President of Sam Huston College ( now Huston-Tillotson University ) in nearby Austin , Texas ; Downs had been Robinson 's pastor at Scott United Methodist Church while Robinson attended PJC .
This transition everywhere seems associated with a change from a largely nomadic hunter-gatherer way of life to a more settled , agrarian-based one , with the inception of the domestication of various plant and animal species -- depending on the species locally available , and probably also influenced by local culture .
Football legend , former FC Bayern President and DFB Vice-President , Franz Beckenbauer , on the other hand , showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
While there were many sensational stories in the New York World , they were by no means the only pieces , or even the dominant ones .
Melbourne is ranked among the top universities in Australia and the world .
Religion Pope Gregory I codifies what comes to be known as Gregorian chant .
Raised in Manhattan , Salinger began writing short stories while in secondary school , and published several stories in the early 1940s before serving in World War II .
These meat pies contain beef and gravy in a shortcrust pie case , often with a flaky top .
During the Muromachi age ( 1392-1573 AD ) , the Kosode , a single kimono formerly considered underwear , began to be worn without the hakama ( trousers , divided skirt ) over it , and thus began to be held closed by an obi '' belt '' .
He developed both the tetraethyl lead ( TEL ) additive to gasoline and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , and held over a hundred patents .
Asimov was one of the most prolific writers of all time , having written or edited more than 500 books and an estimated 9,000 letters and postcards .
In 1985 the band released their second studio album Spreading the Disease which had their hit '' Madhouse '' ; and in 1987 , Anthrax released their third album , Among the Living .
Then using some publicly available software they can quickly calculate the key required to decrypt the entire archive .
The population is German speaking and typically either Protestant or Catholic .
The pressure at the centre is 7 Mbar ( 700 GPa ) , millions of times more than that on the surface of the Earth , and the temperature may be 5,400 K. Atmosphere At high altitudes , Neptune 's atmosphere is 80 % hydrogen and 19 % helium .
They then signed for XL Recordings , releasing their debut album and the single Germany to Germany .
The M-Train uses sliding doors , unlike K-Stocks and A-Stocks which use plug doors .
Saint-Marceau is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The greater part of the Jikji is now lost , and today only the last volume survives , kept at the Manuscrits Orientaux division of the National Library of France .
Donald Campbell Dewar ( 21 August 1937 -- 11 October 2000 ) was a Scottish Labor Party politician , and the first holder of the office of First Minister of Scotland , from the establishment of the Scottish Parliament in 1999 until his death .
Cultivation The tree forms a thick , rugged and corky bark containing high levels of suberin .
The Women 's Auxiliary Australian Air Force members of 3FS were billeted at St Anne 's Girls School , Townsville .
On October 23 , 2008 , it was announced on the band 's official MySpace that bassist Chris Faller had chosen to leave the band in order to pursue other musical interests , and that Mike LeBlanc , who had toured with them previously on their '' Dance Across the Country Tour , '' would temporarily be playing the bass in Faller 's place .
Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Aberdeenshire borders Angus and Perth and Kinross to the south , and the Highland council area and Moray to the west .
For the neighborhood in the city of Miami Beach , see North Beach ( Miami Beach ) .
'' Whole Lotta History '' , the fourth and final single to be taken from Chemistry , was released in March 2006 .
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city .
History The district was part of the Holy Roman Empire of the German nation .
After starring in the critical and commercial disasters Oscar ( 1991 ) and Stop !
Souchez is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum is located at 222 Fifth Avenue South in Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
Mars received a patent for his own process on March 3 , 1941 .
This species is very popularly kept as a pet and exhibited in zoos .
Sleeping Beauty was shot in the 70 mm Super Technirama process with six-channel stereophonic sound .
All London post offices received official issues of the new stamps but other offices throughout the United Kingdom did not , continuing to accept postage payments in cash only for a period .
The prepubescent pornography is viewed and collected by pedophiles for a variety of purposes , ranging from private sexual uses , trading with other pedophiles , preparing children for sexual abuse as part of the process known as '' child grooming '' , or enticement leading to entrapment for sexual exploitation such as production of new child pornography or child prostitution .
From this early period in his life , Hughes would cite as influences on his poetry the American poets Paul Laurence Dunbar and Carl Sandburg .
Datuk Nicol Ann David is a Malaysian female professional squash player .
Some works titled '' dictionaries '' are actually similar to encyclopaedias , especially those concerned with a particular field ( such as the Dictionary of the Middle Ages , the Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships , and Black 's Law Dictionary ) .
Oceanus ' consort is his sister Tethys , and from their union came the ocean nymphs , also known as the three-thousand Oceanids , and all the rivers of the world , fountains , and lakes .
is a single-portion takeout or home-packed meal common in Japanese cuisine .
Sonoran Woodrat , Neotoma phenax
In 2008-09 , the Stars de Montréal repeated as regular season champions , winning a league record 25 wins .
This is a crystalline piece of semiconductor material connected to two electrical terminals .
Though it belongs to Indo-Aryan group , Konkani was influenced by Kannada , a member of Dravidian family .
cn Other designers include Chang Wu ( ) .
On his death the work continued under his assistant Jacopo Barozzi da Vignola with Giorgio Vasari appointed by Pope Pius V as a watchdog to make sure that Michelangelo 's plans were carried out exactly . Despite Vignola 's knowledge of Michelangelo 's intentions , little happened in this period .
Two weeks later , on Thursday , February 1 , 1979 , Khomeini returned in triumph to Iran , welcomed by a joyous crowd estimated at least six million by ABC News reporter Peter Jennings , who was reporting the event from Tehran .
The five-year-old princess , who later married the Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I , was at this point Philip and Mariana 's only surviving child .
The official language of the area is Dutch , but many people especially in the hospitality industry also speak English and French .
In October 1973 , Bush was discharged from the Texas Air National Guard and transferred to inactive duty in the Air Force Reserve .
This Life (/O1996/O) ( TV )
Kasper Peter Schmeichel ( born 5 November 1986 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper , and son of Peter Schmeichel .
Philip of Swabia marries Irene Angelina , daughter of Byzantine emperor Isaac II .
Dvandom Force : Dave Van Domelen 's series is a mixture of high drama , political intrigue , and anime-based parody .
The teeth often display signs of irregular development , with some teeth being exceptionally small , set at unusual angles or are absent altogether .
Yao , who was born in Shanghai , started playing for the Shanghai Sharks as a teenager , and played on their senior team for five years in the Chinese Basketball Association ( CBA ) , winning a championship in his final year .
Saint-Josse , or Saint-Josse-sur-Mer , is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
For example , there is still a Hereford and Worcester Fire Service .
In fact , the results of all the statistical tests conducted during a study must be judged as a whole in determining what confidence one may place in the positive links it produces .
He later finished work on ' , the second major Zelda game to be released for the GameCube and a launch game for the Wii .
The Stadium has previously officially been titled the City Stadium due to a sponsorship deal with the City group ; it had also previously been called the West Lothian Courier Stadium .
Faith Fairfield ( Ripa ) was Hope 's sister and a soap opera star whose character was killed off , leading her to move in with Hope 's family .
Girls Aloud are a girl group that were created through the ITV1 talent show Popstars : The Rivals in 2002 .
In Germany Voigt is not seen as a criminal , but rather as a folk hero and a victim of official prejudice , who was caught in the paradox of not getting work without a passport , while not being able to have a passport without work .
The total area is 30.80 km which gives a population density of 282 inhabitants per km .
Araluen ( ) is a small town near Braidwood in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia , in Palerang Council .
Instead , she was assigned to the western River of No Return , opposite Robert Mitchum .
Its highest peak is Mount Narodnaya ( Poznurr , 1,895 m ) .
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is a 1995 television film based on E.L. Konigsburg 's novel From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler .
For example , for some solid objects , twisting , bending , and other distortions may actually generate heat .
In 1988 , she was elected an independent Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) for the seat of Balmain .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of the state , which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992\/93 .
Biography Early life and education The second of five children born to John Wordsworth and Ann Cookson , William Wordsworth was born on 7 April 1770 in Cockermouth in Cumberland -- part of the scenic region in northwest England , the Lake District .
In the middle of the floor of the court lies the short line , dividing the floor into two 20 f squares .
The Suite Life on Deck is a sequel/spin-off of the Disney Channel Original Series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody .
It has an area of around 572 k. Besides the island of Mann itself , the political unit of the Isle of Man includes some nearby small islands : the seasonally inhabited Calf of Man , Chicken Rock on which stands an unmanned lighthouse , St Patrick 's Isle and St Michael 's Isle .
Watterson says , '' As far as the strip is concerned , they are important only as Calvin 's mom and dad . ''
Oblinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The acquisition of Brawn meant that Mercedes parted ways with McLaren .
The City Council also appoints a City Administrator who oversees the day-to-day operations of the city and implements the policies of the Council .
The term derives from the medieval term '' private soldiers '' ( a term still used in the United Kingdom ) , denoting soldiers who were either hired , conscripted , or feudalized into service by a nobleman forming an army .
Joni Mitchell , CC ( born Roberta Joan Anderson on November 7 , 1943 ) , also known as the Queen of Folk Rock , is a Canadian musician , songwriter , and painter.JoniMitchell.com - Biography Mitchell began singing in small nightclubs in her native Western Canada and then busking on the streets of Toronto .
' ( also written 2005 TN53 ) is a Neptune trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2005 .
From then on , Palahniuk 's later books would often meet with similar success .
The women 's team have played there on two occasions ; the first a 1 - 0 defeat to Nigeria in 2002 , in front of 8,000 fans , and the second a 1 - 0 victory over Iceland in 2006 .
The film contains monologues of these women and dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran , ( and ) that authorize mistreatment of women , by showing them painted on women 's bodies .
Elverta is an unincorporated community in Sacramento County , California . It is part of the Sacramento metropolitan area ; the metropolitan area including Sacramento ( the state capital and county seat ) , as well as Arden-Arcade and Roseville .
Himmler , the leader of the SS , was a chief architect of the Final Solution .
In essence it is no more than a very large hunting rifle with the same capability of use as any hunting rifle .
There are four main highways that lead into Managua .
When she was five years old , her family moved to Detroit , Michigan , where she was raised along with her older brother , Rashad .
While the definition of logarithm applies to any positive real number b ( excluding 1 ) , a few particular choices for b are more commonly used .
The name Zutphen ( first mentioned in the eleventh century ) appears to mean ` zuid-veen ' , or in English , south-fen .
The building , located between Nassau Street and William Street in Manhattan , New York City , was completed in 1930 after only 11 months of construction .
Khan Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde overruns Moscow , as punishment for Grand Prince Dmitri Donskoi 's resistance to Khan Mamai of the Blue Horde in the 1370s .
Anton Julian Ferdinand ( born 18 February 1985 in Peckham , London , England ) is an English footballer who plays as a center back for Premier League club Sunderland .
Wikipedia : Layout explains how to lay out an article .
The purpose of the conference was to inform administrative leaders of Departments responsible for various policies relating to Jews , that Reinhard Heydrich had been appointed as the chief executor of the '' Final solution to the Jewish question '' .
It is a disease exhibiting extreme heterogeneity , and is stratified into three risk categories : low , intermediate , and high risk .
In 1981 , O'Leary and her husband established the consulting firm of ( O'Leary & Associates , where she served as vice president and general counsel .
In July , Thame stages the Oxfordshire County and Thame Show , the largest one-day agricultural show in Britain . Every third Thursday in September , Thame Fair opens in the town center .
Lacertilia , the lizards ;
Biogas typically refers to a gas produced by the biological breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen .
People 's Republic of China - China Standard Time ( Beijing Time ) , also
The reindeer ( Rangifer tarandus ) , also known as the caribou in North America , is a deer from the Arctic and Subarctic , including both resident and migratory populations .
Savignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
- er comparative
The engine was tested at Pikes Peak in Colorado at 14000 f to demonstrate that it could eliminate the power losses usually experienced in internal combustion engines as a result of reduced air pressure and density at high altitude .
.
The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom ( 123m\/404 ft ) .
Red Squaring is also a common slang in Russia used to speak about child molestation , getting its name from the high % of sex crimes that occur here .
Common equivalent models are the multi-tape Turing machine , multi-track Turing machine , machines with input and output , and the non-deterministic Turing machine ( NDTM ) as opposed to the deterministic Turing machine ( DTM ) for which the action table has at most one entry for each combination of symbol and state .
In hypoxic pulmonary hypertension ( WHO Group III ) , the low levels of oxygen are thought to cause vasoconstriction or tightening of pulmonary arteries . This leads to a similar pathophysiology as pulmonary arterial hypertension .
Accessed November 26 , 2009 .
This was first suggested by Mereschkowsky in 1905 after an observation by Schimper in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
In computing , a quine is a computer program which produces a copy of its own source code as its only output .
Volume C - From 1775 to the Present .
Born and raised in Minnesota , Schroeder spent two seasons with the U.S. National Team Development Program before he joined the Minnesota Golden Gophers of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association ( WCHA ) for two seasons , being named WCHA Rookie of the Year in 2009 .
A motorboat is a boat which is powered by an engine .
Apples are an important ingredient in many desserts , such as apple pie , apple crumble , apple crisp and apple cake .
The main city in the region is Newcastle upon Tyne .
It was founded in 1891 by Anthony J. Drexel , a noted financier and philanthropist .
The 1980 Formula One season was the 31st season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Overfishing of anchovies has been a problem .
The novel was first published anonymously , but its authorship was revealed by the poet George Huddesford in what Fanny Burney called a '' vile poem .
In 2004 Procter & Gamble and Ferrero SpA chose to locate in the city .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes , recently restored , which are Arezzo 's most famous works .
Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the HSV color wheel , also known as the , on which it is at hue angle of 330 degrees .
The permutation is initialized with a variable length key , typically between 40 and 256 bits , using the key-scheduling algorithm ( KSA ) .
The Hong Kong government supports cultural institutions such as the Hong Kong Heritage Museum , the Hong Kong Museum of Art , the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts , and the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra .
Early in January 1865 hoping to lure Hall and his associate , fellow bushranger John Dunn , into the open , Pottinger rode in the Wowingragong races in breach of police regulations .
Victoria 's cricket team , the Victorian Bushrangers play in the national Sheffield Shield cricket competition .
The heart of the town contains the four squares , Piazza della Cisterna , Piazza Duomo where the Collegiata is located , Piazza Pecori , and Piazza delle Erbe .
A storm formed to the south of Cuba on October 2 , 1899 .
The site , however , was often at war and inscriptions tell of alliances and conflict with other Maya states , including Uaxactun , Caracol , Naranjo and Calakmul .
Russia shares borders with the following countries ( from northwest to southeast ) : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland ( both via Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
Poperinge is a municipality located in the province of West Flanders , Flemish Region , Belgium .
The region was later explored and charted by Matthew Flinders in 1802 and 1803 .
Bradley International Airport is a joint civil-military public airport located in Windsor Locks on the border with East Granby and Suffield , in Hartford County , Connecticut , United States . It is owned by the State of Connecticut .
To save the fleet of trams from the intensive bombing of Southampton during World War II , they were painted gray , regular services ceased at 7pm and they were parked up overnight in Cemetery Road on Southampton Common .
The Arctic is the region north of the Arctic Circle .
He won a bronze medal on the individual large hill competition at the 1929 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane .
In 1967 , his former girlfriend Nina Goldblatt , a dancer on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , helped Martin land a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams .
A commander may command a frigate , destroyer , submarine , aviation squadron or shore installation , or may serve on a staff .
The Abrahamic religions condemn blasphemy vehemently . Some countries have laws to punish blasphemy , while others have laws to give recourse to those who are offended by blasphemy .
Poker games differ in how the cards are dealt , how hands may be formed , whether the high or low hand wins the pot in a showdown ( in some games , the pot is split between the high and low hands ) , limits on bets and how many rounds of betting are allowed .
On January 1 , 2006 Kruibeke had a total population of 15,216 .
The cumulative ACE for the 2006 season was toward the lower end of the official '' Near Normal '' grading .
Robin McLaurim Williams ( born July 21 , 1951 ) is an American actor and comedian .
The branch remained part of the Bakerloo line until 1 May 1979 , when similar congestion problems for the Bakerloo line caused by two branches converging at Baker Street led to the opening of the Jubilee line , initially created by connecting the Stanmore branch to new tunnels bored between Baker Street and Charing Cross .
This song is an unusual Beatles ' composition for a variety of reasons , namely its length ( nearly eight minutes ) , few lyrics ( only 14 different words are sung ) , 3-minute descent through repeated guitar chords ( a similar arpeggiated figure appears in '' Because '' , as well as McCartney 's '' Oh !
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
The last film featured his most successful character , Virgil Tibbs , a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania detective whose subsequent career was the subject of two sequels : They Call Me MISTER Tibbs !
It consists of a first movement in sonata form followed by a set of variations which form the slow movement , scherzo and finale .
The archerfish ( Spinner Fish or Archer Fish ) are a family ( Toxotidae ) of fish known for their habit of preying on land based insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .
Lentilles is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Males have dark brownish-black wings with a faint white postmedian line and pinkish coloring near the apical spot .
The cockpit , set at the extreme rear of the vehicle in the manner of a dragster , was lined with fake fur and featured a 11 '' General Electric '' 1-Touch '' portable television inserted in the console .
He is best known as the first incarnation of the Spider-Man villain known as Venom .
George Reeves ( January 5 , 1914 - June 16 , 1959 ) was an American actor best known for his role as Superman in the 1950s television program Adventures of Superman .
It has no recognized educational accreditation in any of these places .
Owingsville is a city in Bath County , Kentucky , United States .
Bibern was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
UCLA Language materials Project page : Armenian It differs orthographically from Eastern Armenian , there are also phonological differences .
Just two days before Sean 's first birthday , Spears gave birth to her second son , Jayden James Federline on September 12 in Los Angeles .
New York , Caravan Books , 1994 with V. Vs. Ivanov : '' Indo-european language and Indoeuropeans '' ( vols .
Leo Kanner of the Johns Hopkins Hospital first used autism in its modern sense in English when he introduced the label early infantile autism in a 1943 report of 11 children with striking behavioral similarities .
The term usually refers to a semiconductor diode , the most common type today .
One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on September 12 , 1995 , on Warner Bros. .
Visual stimuli are frequently considered elegant if a small number of colors and stimuli are used , emphasizing the remainder .
Jack Kramer '' is ready to anoint Roger Federer as the best he has seen . ''
Since the 1980s , having branched away from stand-up comedy , he has become a successful actor , playwright , pianist , banjo player , and juggler , eventually earning Emmy , Grammy , and American Comedy awards .
Pakistan become a Dominion within the Commonwealth of Nations , with the British Monarch serving as Monarch of Pakistan ( see Dominion of Pakistan ) .
They are widely used in knockout experiments , especially those investigating genetic questions that relate to human physiology .
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki 's film , Spirited Away ( which also features the voice of Daveigh Chase in its English-language version ) .
Generally , training involves getting the dog to recognize a particular sound and then physically alert or lead their handler to the source .
The Blue Lias consists of a sequence of limestone and shale layers , laid down in latest Triassic and early Jurassic times , between 195 and 200 million years ago .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India .
New York : W.H. Freeman and Company , 1999 .
Public-key authentication support .
In particular , the stern was the location of the officers ' quarters , and during the age of sail became the most opulent part of the ship , with rows of windows , galleries , walkways , and elaborate decorations .
In systems containing an input and output , feeding back part of the output so as to increase the input is positive feedback ( regeneration ) ; feeding back part of the output in such a way as to partially oppose the input is negative feedback ( degeneration ) .
While in Novellara , Wert married Lucrezia Gonzaga and raised a family ; they had at least six children .
It housed the Council of Ministers and from 1958 to 1989 it was the headquarters of the Central Committee of the Romanian Communist Party .
Since the 1996 reorganisation , two more Scottish cities have been designated : Inverness as part of the millennium celebrations , and Stirling in 2002 , to commemorate Queen Elizabeth II 's Golden Jubilee .
February 20 -- René - Robert Cavelier , Sieur de La Salle , intending to establish a colony near the mouth of the Mississippi River , lands with 200 surviving colonists at Matagorda Bay on the Texas coast , believing the Mississippi near ( Texas Handbook ) .
He did play in the Scottish Cup final , before being substituted because of an injury .
FC United 's first three seasons were successful , winning promotion each time .
August & ndash ; James Rumsey tests his first steam boat in the Potomac river at Shepherdstown Virginia ( now West Virginia ) .
The ijiraq plays at hide-and-seek , which is what these small moons of Saturn do : they are hard to find , and cold like the Canadian arctic ( the team of discoverers includes Canadians , Norwegians and Icelanders -- Nordicity is their common trait ) .
She later shows up to a meeting ( 45 minutes late ) with Laura , and refuses to cooperate with her , forcing Laura to expel her from the program .
The Chairman of the BoardThe VoiceFrankieFrancis
On November 2 , 1921 , Dandurand and his partners , Joseph Cattarinich and Louis Letourneau , purchased the Montreal Canadiens hockey club from the widow of George Kennedy for $ 11,000 .
It was released on January 16 , 2009 by Columbia Pictures .
Girls substantially develop breasts during puberty , as a result of changing sex hormones , chiefly estrogen , which also has been demonstrated to cause the development of woman-like , enlarged breasts in men , a condition called gynecomastia .
The station is in Zone 4 , has nine platforms , and is managed by c2c .
Reports estimated that the massacres in Adana Province resulted in 15,000-30 ,000 deaths .
The units were initially announced as coming in two separate batches .
March 27 & ndash ; Vasili II of Russia dies , and is succeeded by his son Ivan III of Russia .
CAS.vanderbilt.eduDelange.org This monocotyledonous tree is native to southwestern North America in the states of California , Arizona , Utah and Nevada , where it is confined mostly to the Mojave Desert between 400 and 1,800 meters ( 1,300 and 5,900 ft ) elevation .
A round is a type of canon .
A municipal borough until 1974 , Buxton was then merged with other localities including Glossop , lying primarily to the north , to form the local government district and borough of High Peak within the county of Derbyshire .
In February 2007 , Whedon departed from the project , citing script differences with the studio .
Ganesha ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ; ) , also spelled Ganesa or Ganesh , also known as Ganapati ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ) , Vinayaka ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ) , and Pillaiyar , is one of the deities best-known and most widely worshipped in the Hindu pantheon .
The 2002 event featured the Raw and SmackDown !
External links Goldbach 's original letter to Euler - PDF format ( in German ) Goldbach 's conjecture , part of Chris Caldwell 's Prime Pages .
While the FA Cup is the oldest cup competition in the world , the trophy awarded to the Scottish Cup winners is the oldest national trophy , being minted in 1885 .
She also competed in chess tournaments with some of the world 's leading male chess masters , defeating many of them , including future World Champion Max Euwe .
DVD commentary suggests that the Alliance is composed of two primary '' core '' planets , one predominantly Western in culture , the other pan-Asian , justifying the series ' mixed linguistic and visual themes .
Philip IV ( April -- June 1268 -- November 29 , 1314 ) , called the Fair ( ) , son and successor of Philip III , reigned as King of France from 1285 until his death .
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin ( ; born October 21 , 1929 ) is an American author .
Nuneaton is the largest town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth and in the English county of Warwickshire .
The United Methodist Hymnal also contains ( at # 882 ) what it terms the '' Ecumenical Version '' of this creed- a version which is identical to that found in the Episcopal Church 's current Book of Common Prayer .
Thus in the 15th century , Alfonso Tostada gave a detailed account of the logistics of the Ark , down to arrangements for the disposal of dung and the circulation of fresh air , and the noted 16th-century geometrician Johannes Buteo calculated the ship 's internal dimensions , allowing room for Noah 's grinding mills and smokeless ovens , a model widely adopted by other commentators .
Israel ( , ; , ) , officially the State of Israel ( Hebrew : , ; , ) , is a parliamentary republic in the Middle East located on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea .
It was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI as '' The King 's College of Our Lady of Eton besides Wyndsor '' .
Disney was given a choice of having working fountains or running toilets and he chose the latter .
The barium sulfide is then hydrolyzed or treated with acids to form other barium compounds , such as the chloride , nitrate , and carbonate .
They vary in size , but are usually not much larger than the areola .
As of 2006 , Pixar is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
His health had grown progressively worse in the early 1970s , and in December 1974 he was admitted to hospital permanently .
Camper ( company ) , a Spanish shoe company .
Unesco and Esperanto Today , Esperanto is employed in world travel , Traveling network of Esperanto ; Pasporta Servo correspondence , cultural exchange , conventions , literature , language instruction , Esperanto Edukado.net television , Internacia Televido movies , Esperanto movies and radio broadcasting .
Hydrogen deuteride is a diatomic molecule composed of the two isotopes of hydrogen : the majority isotope 1H protium and 2H deuterium .
The Red Kangaroo ranges throughout central Australia .
Some Restoration movement churches and individuals believe that Adam 's sin made us depraved ( that is , with a tendency towards sin ) without making us guilty of Adam 's sin . Some also believe that man is predisposed towards sin , but though every person sins , they are not guilty on account of any sin nature .
Less than Perfect is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from October 1 , 2002 to June 6 , 2006 .
Chaplin had originally been nominated for both Best Actor and Best Comedy Directing for his movie The Circus , but his name was withdrawn and the Academy decided to give him a special award '' for versatility and genius in acting , writing , directing and producing The Circus '' instead .
The Bishops ceded the Oversticht to the Emperor Charles V in 1528 , who styled himself '' Lord of Overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .
In the last week of July each year , Nyon hosts the Paléo Festival , the second largest outdoor festival in Europe ( although technically the festival is in the village of L'Asse ) .
In 1949 , the department was officially divorced from the New York City Police Department , but was eventually fully re-integrated in 1995 as the Transit Bureau of the New York City Police Department by New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani .
Greensburg is a city in Green County , Kentucky , United States .
After working for the KGB , Theremin worked at the Moscow Conservatory of MusicGlinsky p. 341 , '' where Lev Sergeyevich had constructed musical instruments '' for 10 years where he taught and built theremins , electronic cellos and some terpsitones ( another invention of Theremin ) .
AudioFile magazine praised the audio book , raving , '' This action-packed book ( second in a series ) will delight fans of Percy Jackson , the half-blood son of Poseidon , as Percy once again battles mythical monsters in modern-day settings while on his mission to save the tree that guards Camp Half-Blood . ''
The village is known for its folk music festival , Fiddler 's Green Festival .
In theory , mixing equal amounts of all three pigments should produce gray , resulting in black when all three are applied in sufficient density , but in practice they tend to produce muddy brown colors .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
Wiesehofer , Joseph Ancient Persia New York :1996 I.B. Tauris The
'' Yellow '' was initially recorded upstairs in the project studio , basically a demo room in Liverpool 's Parr Street Studios .
Nine Inch Nails is an American industrial rock project , founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland , Ohio .
Image = Hodenschema .
My Chemical Romance is an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 .
Speculativ Rettroenhed Orthodoxy , Copenhagen 1849 .
Frédéric Bazille was born in Montpellier , Hérault , Languedoc-Roussillon , France , into a wealthy Protestant family .
They usually occur in pairs or tetrads , and divide along two planes of symmetry , as do the other lactic acid cocci genera Aerococci and Tetragenococcus .
This feature allows vascular plants to evolve to a larger size than non-vascular plants , which lack these specialized conducting tissues and are therefore restricted to relatively small sizes .
Grandcamp-Maisy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
See also Substitution-permutation network References Claude E. Shannon , '' Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems '' , Bell System Technical Journal , vol.28-4 , page 656 -- 715 , 1949 .
He also became friends with Crown Prince Don Luis , and lived in his house .
Konami 's Beatmania , released in Japanese arcades in 1997 , was a dj-themed rhythm game which featured buttons laid out like a keyboard along with a rubber pad emulating a record .
Most of what is known of Oedipus comes from the set of Theban plays by Sophocles : Oedipus the King , Oedipus at Colonus , and Antigone .
A. Zubov ( in Russian ) .
Xfce ( pronounced as four individual letters ) is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms , such as Linux , Solaris and BSD .
In late summer , its peapod-like seed capsules burst open , often with an audible pop , spreading seed from the parent plant .
Aikman was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006 and to the College Football Hall of Fame on December 9 , 2008 in New York City .
Zhejiangopterus is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur known from one species , which lived in China during the late Cretaceous Period .
It was discovered in 1911 , as a result of Ernest Rutherford 's interpretation of the famous 1909 Rutherford experiment performed by Hans Geiger and Ernest Marsden , under the direction of Rutherford .
As of 2009 , LazyTown continues to generate spin-off projects , including LazyTown Live ! ( touring stage productions ) and a TV series for younger children called LazyTown Extra .
Basalt is a city in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
His natural position is at right back , however , he is also used in various other positions .
A year after the marriage , on the night of October 3 ( Old Style ) , 1814 , Mariya Arsenieva gave birth to Mikhail Lermontov .
In addition , because of the required sizes of the power and common connections , they are made after the system ground but before the data connections .
After returning to the Gulf of Mexico as a tropical storm , Isidore 's final landfall was near Grand Isle , Louisiana on September 26 , where the storm weakened to a depression .
The main competition for men 's national teams is the African Cup of Nations , started in 1957 .
Jeffersontown was founded in the late 18th century by Abraham Bruner as '' Brunerstown '' . The city was chartered as Jeffersontown in 1797 , after then Vice-President Thomas Jefferson .
However , not all paleontologists found the evidence conclusive , and a subsequent study published in 2007 by Roach and Brinkman suggests that the Deinonychus may have actually displayed a disorganized mobbing behavior .
Wikia has been accused of unduly profiting from a perceived association with Wikipedia . Although Wikia has been referred to in the media as '' the commercial counterpart to the non-profit Wikipedia '' , Wikimedia and Wikia staff call this description inaccurate .
Yunus himself has received several other national and international honors .
Steve is the common short form and various diminutives such as Stevie are also used .
Herne Bay is a seaside town in Kent , South East England , with a population of 35,188 .
Even the name '' nagamaki '' ( '' long wrapping '' ) is given by the tradition of handle wrapping .
The Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
The site of Amarna includes several modern villages , chief of which are el-Till in the north and el-Hagg Qandil in the south .
The London Borough of Southwark is a London borough in south east London , England .
The first edition of the ISO 8601 standard was published in 1988 .
See Language planning for information about the linguistic field of language planning and policy .
The gill opening is restricted .
The Azureus software was released under the GNU General Public License , and remains as a freeware software application .
Gelimer , forced to flee , leaves Carthage unprotected .
Woods , May (/O1988/O) Glass houses : history of greenhouses , orangeries and conservatories Aurum Press , London , ISBN 0-906053-85-4 ;
Louplande is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
It also has insect repellent properties ( Jahn 1991 a , b ; 1992 ) , and is an active ingredient in some commercial mosquito repellents ( Fradin & Day 2002 ) .
It is a Makkan sura consisting of 4 ayat .
It has many applications in aerospace and automotive fields , as well as in sailboats , and notably in modern bicycles and motorcycles , where its high strength to weight ratio is of importance .
To combat the apparent rise in prostitution , Sergeant Yates of the Park County Police goes undercover as a female prostitute named '' Yolanda '' .
Neurology , psychiatry , and neuropathology are medical specialties that specifically address the diseases of the nervous system .
New York may also refer to :
Charente-Maritime is a department on the west coast of France named after the Charente River .
Alternative Press 2008 , p. 109
During the history of nuclear weapons there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage , and also many cases of suspected or alleged espionage .
The Kentucky River is a tributary of the Ohio River , 259 mi ( 417 km ) long , in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Daddy Longlegs is a name that can refer to 3 kinds of animals
A planetary nebula is an emission nebula consisting of an expanding glowing shell of ionized gas ejected during the asymptotic giant branch phase of certain types of stars late in their life .
Slappy is the second EP by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Becoming the heir apparent of the Conservative Party In the 1929 general election , Chamberlain changed his constituency from Birmingham Ladywood to Birmingham Edgbaston and held it easily , but the Conservative Party lost the election and entered a period of internal conflict .
The symptoms of pneumothorax can be subtle , especially in those with PSP , and confirmation with medical imaging is usually required . In contrast , tension pneumothorax is ideally treated before imaging , especially if there is severe hypoxia , very low blood pressure , or an impaired level of consciousness ; however , X-rays are sometimes required if there is doubt about the location of the pneumothorax .
The books can be read in the order they were originally written in or in chronological order .
She is best known for her time in World Wrestling Entertainment , performing on its Raw brand under the ring name Katie Lea .
Women were first admitted in 1870 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
Charles Frederick Worth ( 13 October 1825 -- 10 March 1895 ) , widely considered the Father of Haute couture , was an English fashion designer of the 19th century , whose works were produced in Paris .
It was released in the United States and Canada on August 7 , 1987 by Cineplex Odeon Films , and is loosely based on Lewis Carroll 's Alice stories , with some influence from L. Frank Baum 's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz .
The capture of Iwo Jima would eliminate these problems and provide a staging area for the eventual invasion of the Japanese mainland .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Rose-breasted Grosbeak , P. ludovicianus , with which it hybridises on the Great Plains .
The northeastern states , more specifically those located in New England , along with the West Coast , had the highest median household income .
Diary of Friedrich Kellner In 2007 CCI Entertainment , a Canadian film company , produced a documentary film entitled My Opposition : the Diaries of Friedrich Kellner , which interweaves the stories of Kellner and his American grandson .
Back at the manor that was Cinderella 's former home , her stepsisters Anastasia and Drizella are stuck doing Cinderella 's old chores , and are clearly unhappy with their current lifestyle .
Thomas Wentworth '' Tom '' Wills ( 19 August 1835 - 2 May 1880 ) was an Australian all-round sportsman , umpire , coach and administrator who is credited with being a catalyst towards the invention of Australian rules football .
Aladdin and the King of Thieves is a 1996 American animated film that is a second direct-to-video sequel to the 1992 animated Aladdin and the 1994 animated film The Return of Jafar .
Soon after the results of CAA 's survey were made public , some parts of the road between Dufferin Street and Bayview Avenue were resurfaced .
Watership Down is a heroic fantasy novel about a small group of rabbits , written by British author Richard Adams .
He opened negotiations with King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain to move the line to the west and allow him to claim newly discovered lands east of the line .
Although the title was not coined until after her death , Martha Washington is considered to be the first First Lady of the United States . During her lifetime , she was known as '' Lady Washington '' .
Sydney Brenner , CH FRS ( born January 13 , 1927 ) is a South African biologist and a 2002 Nobel prize in Physiology or Medicine laureate , shared with H. Robert Horvitz and John Sulston .
The events of the game take place at the fictional MotorStorm Festival in Monument Valley . The objective of the game is to win a series of off-road races and to be the overall winner of the Festival .
Year 20 ( XX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The city has about 115,426 inhabitants and is thus the second largest city of the region .
Founded in c. 1170 , it is part of the Leipzig district .
Massey was best known for her appearances in a series of movies by director John Waters .
She attended the college-finishing school Finch College in New York City , but left after one semester to work as a midwife 's assistant in West Virginia and as a volunteer at the Veterans Hospital in The Bronx .
'' Paracelsus '' , meaning '' equal to or greater than Celsus '' , refers to the Roman encyclopedist Aulus Cornelius Celsus from the first century known for his tract on medicine .
These north-south oriented dunes are static , held in position by vegetation .
Takashi Sekizuka is a Japanese association football manager and a former player .
The Rusty Blackbird , Euphagus carolinus , is a medium-sized blackbird , closely related to grackles ( Rusty Grackle is an older name for the species ) .
Part of its design was to pay tribute to the armory that formerly had the same location .
During this time , he worked on the proof of consistency of the axiom of choice and of the continuum hypothesis ; he would go on to show that these hypotheses can not be disproved from the common system of axioms of set theory .
The name Wikipedia was coined by Larry Sanger and is a portmanteau of wiki ( a technology for creating collaborative websites , from the Hawaiian word wiki , meaning '' quick '' ) and encyclopedia .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
The Toronto Sun is an English-language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
When the family lived in the Preston Hollow section of Dallas , she and her twin sister , Jenna , attended Preston Hollow Elementary School ; Laura Bush served on Preston Hollow 's Parent Teachers Association at that time .
Eleftherios Venizelos , who hailed from Mournies near Chania , was the leader of the 1896-97 uprising against Ottoman rule and went on to be Prime Minister of Greece and a great statesman .
He was given the authority to do this in England and Wales by the Act of Supremacy , passed by Parliament in 1534 , which made him Supreme Head of the Church in England , thus separating England from Papal authority ; and by the First Suppression Act (/O1536/O) and the Second Suppression Act (/O1539/O) .
Somalia ( ; ) , officially the Republic of Somalia ( , ) and formerly known as the Somali Democratic Republic , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
With the development of the London to Brighton mainline railway , however , those in the business soon realized that transporting sheep by train was much more costworthy and easier than using the old roadways .
Many Yemenis can be found in the south of Dearborn , Michigan . In the early 1990s , Yemenis went in search of manufacturing jobs .
The majority of its membership are lay people , with secular priests under the governance of a prelate ( bishop ) appointed by the pope .
The park is also known as Chitral Gol National Park .
Creation myth , stories of the supernatural creation of the Earth and its inhabitants in various cultures
The next H. heidelbergensis remains were found in Steinheim an der Murr , Germany ( the Steinheim Skull , 350kya ) ; Arago , France ( Arago 21 ) ; Petralona , Greece ; and Ciampate del Diavolo , Italy .
Both are conventionally united as infraclasses within the subclass Theria ( Parker and Haswell , 1897 ) , which contains all living mammals except monotremes .
Scottish philosopher J. J. C. Smart even argues that '' sometimes a person who is really an atheist may describe herself , even passionately , as an agnostic because of unreasonable generalised philosophical skepticism which would preclude us from saying that we know anything whatever , except perhaps the truths of mathematics and formal logic . ''
Branne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The Bucegi is believed to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon , on which the mythical figure Zalmoxis resided in a cave .
However this is not the earliest clear evidence of hair in the mammalian lineage , as fossils of the docodont Castorocauda , discovered in rocks dated to about , also have traces of fur .
One of these is Greater Than Sudoku .
A strong ridge of high pressure over the Northeastern Pacific Ocean forced John westward , where upper level wind shear kept John a tropical storm .
Image : Stamp hinges .
It compiled lists of albums , artists , and songs , including both '' best of '' lists and '' worst of '' lists .
The pair began singing as a duo in 1962 .
Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
The Land Before Time DVD The film explores issues of prejudice between the different species and the hardships they endure in their journey as they are guided by the spirit of Littlefoot 's mother .
Unlike other flightless birds , the ratites have no keel on their sternum - hence their name which comes from the Latin ( ratis ) for raft .
The Mount Holyoke International Relations Program also provides a free-access document briefing on U.S. -- Iraq relations ( 1904 -- present ) ; this can be accessed on line at [ ] .
The title of the American edition was Taggerung , omitting the word The .
On September 25 , 2008 , the United States Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) seized Washington Mutual Bank from Washington Mutual , Inc. and placed it into the receivership of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) .
Mao Asada is a Japanese figure skater .
It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing red and then selecting CBBC EXTRA Extra .
Cabell 's paternal great-grandfather , William H. Cabell , was governor of Virginia from 1805 to 1808 .
C. trachomatis is only found in humans .
The arrival descent is over the hilltop traffic circle and departing planes fly right over the heads of sunbathers on St. Jean Beach ( although small signs advise sunbathers not to lie directly at the end of the runway ) .
From the point of view of a compiler , the Java Virtual Machine is just another processor with an instruction set , Java bytecode , for which code can be generated . The JVM was originally designed to execute programs written in the Java language .
The Chiefs are a member of the Western Division of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
He was admitted to the bar and began a law practice in Concord , New Hampshire , in 1827 .
The warmest month is July ( 20 C or 68 F ) and the coldest is January ( 2.1 C or 35.8 F ) .
Now alone , Guglielmo attempts to woo Dorabella .
The castle has a notable garden , which is designed and maintained to a very high standard .
Abbreviated OD and OS , these are most commonly used in ophthalmology and optometry .
The Tampa Bay Mutiny was a professional soccer club located in Tampa , Florida that participated in Major League Soccer from 1996 -- 2001 .
The New York Rangers represented the NHL in the inaugural Victoria Cup challenge game as part of the club 's pre-season schedule .
Alex ( 1976 -- September 6 , 2007 ) was an African Grey Parrot and the subject of a thirty-year ( 1977 -- 2007 ) experiment by animal psychologist Irene Pepperberg , initially at the University of Arizona and later at Harvard and Brandeis University .
On Mainland China under the People 's Republic of China , counties are the third level of local government , coming under both the province level and the prefecture level .
In cryptography , a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers , named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM ( USA ) ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network .
Fort Munro .
The logarithm of the ratio is the difference of the two . Moreover , the logarithm of the power ( root , respectively ) of a number is p times the logarithm of that number ( logarithm of that number divided by p , respectively ) .
By the Way is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on July 9 , 2002 , on Warner Bros. .
The green color as well as the tree was chosen to show that the city is surrounded by a green belt .
When the cache client ( a CPU , web browser , operating system ) needs to access a datum presumed to exist in the backing store , it first checks the cache .
William Rose ( screenwriter ) , screenwriter born in Jefferson City .
One way was greater cooperation between groups , such as the Edinburgh Missionary Conference of Protestants in 1910 , the Justice , Peace and Creation Commission of the World Council of Churches founded in 1948 by Protestant and Orthodox churches , and similar national councils like the National Council of Churches in Australia which includes Roman Catholics .
Rucker was born in Louisville , Kentucky . He is the great-great-great-grandson of the philosopher G. W. F. Hegel .
It opened in 1965 as Harris County Domed Stadium and was nicknamed the '' Eighth Wonder of the World '' .
Robert Malone ( born February 4 , 1988 in Orange , California ) is an American football punter for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League .
This characteristic is seen throughout Salisbury Cathedral where there are groups of two lancet windows lining the nave and groups of three lining the clerestory .
The ground-plan of Christian basilicas in the 4th century was similar to that of this Neopythagorean basilica , which had three naves , and an apse .
According to 2006 U. S. Census estimates , the average population of Alabama 's 67 counties is 68,642 , with Jefferson County as the most populous ( 656,700 ) , and Greene County ( 9,374 ) the least .
Brenda Mae Tarpley ( born December 11 , 1944 ) , better known as Brenda Lee , is an American performer who sang rockabilly , pop and country music , and had 37 US chart hits during the 1960s , a number surpassed only by Elvis Presley , The Beatles , Ray Charles and Connie Francis .
Giacinto Facchetti ( 18 July 1942 4 September 2006 ) was an Italian football player .
After 1971 safety concerns led to the Grand Prix moving permanently to Mosport .
This graph differed from a schematic in the first assessment report which depicted larger global temperature variations over the past 1000 years , and higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period than the present day .
The Bastille ( ) was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
The fifteenth locomotive , no. 914 , was named Eastbourne after the college .
Huginn and Muninn , sometimes anglicised Hugin and Munin , are a pair of ravens associated with the Norse god Odin .
In England a Catholic male heir to the throne , James Francis Edward Stuart , had been born , and the letter asked William to force the ruling king , his father-in-law James II of England , by military intervention to make William 's Protestant wife Mary , James 's eldest daughter , heir , preferably by establishing that the newborn Prince of Wales was a fraud .
There were two stages in history for the microprocessor .
Who does not know that these gentle wolves are of all such creatures the most dangerous !
Nottinghamshire ( or ; abbreviated Notts ) is an English county in the East Midlands , which borders South Yorkshire , Lincolnshire , Leicestershire and Derbyshire .
The first one was observed in 1989 by NASA 's Voyager 2 probe .
The orchestra grew by accretion throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , but changed very little in composition during the course of the twentieth century .
However , that was his only international appearance at the senior level throughout his whole career .
The Jets ( band ) , a pop , R&B , dance , and religious music band from Minneapolis , Minnesota , active since 1985 , known for '' You Got It All '' , '' Sendin ' All My Love '' , and '' Rocket 2 U '' ( 1985 & ndash ; 1987 )
The modern Marathi literature has been enriched by famous poets and authors like P. L. Deshpande , Kusumagraj , Prahlad Keshav Atre and Vyankatesh Madgulkar .
The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1934 suspense film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , featuring Peter Lorre , and released by Gaumont British .
On February 9 , 2011 Skille was traded to the Florida Panthers , along with Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan for Michael Frolik and Alexander Salak .
Vitellius had behind him the finest elite legions of the empire , composed of veterans of the Germanic Wars , such as I Germanica and XXI Rapax .
In 1916 , on the Giants ' road uniforms , purple lines gave their uniforms a tartan-like effect and another kind of road uniform was a solid dark blue or black material with white around this time .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is the first game in the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw series to be released outside the PlayStation consoles .
The cave sculptures at Mamallapuram are a particularly fine example of the technique , as are the bronzes of the Chola period .
The chemical formula for phosgene oxime is CCl2NOH .
He became Count of Mortain in about 1115 , and married Matilda , daughter of the Count of Boulogne , in about 1125 , who became Countess of Boulogne .
In Britain it is also the resident orchestra at De Montfort Hall , Leicester and the Corn Exchange , Bedford , as well as The Anvil , Basingstoke .
An atlas is a collection of maps ; it is typically a map of Earth or a region of Earth , but there are atlases of the other planets ( and their satellites ) in the solar system .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
The show starred '' Captain '' Lou Albano as Mario , and the film starred Bob Hoskins as '' Mario Mario '' , a plumber who is taken to an alternate universe ( in which dinosaurs rule ) where he must save the Earth from invasion .
Men wear the kimono most often at weddings , tea ceremonies , and other very special or very formal occasions .
Geisha engagements may include flirting with men and playful innuendos ; however , clients know that nothing more can be expected .
After a few such asteroids were discovered , the rule was established that the point was the '' Greek camp '' , while the point was the '' Trojan camp '' , though not before each camp had acquired a '' spy '' ( 624 Hektor in the Greek camp and 617 Patroclus in the Trojan camp ) .
The popularity of these songs reflected the fact that many people in China during the 1980s became tired of official artistic representations and discourse .
Mount Katahdin is both the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail , which extends to Springer Mountain , Georgia , and the southern terminus of the new International Appalachian Trail which , when complete , will run to Belle Isle , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Not all of the causes of cervical cancer are known .
The Dual Monarchy had existed for 51 years when it dissolved on October 31 , 1918 following military defeat in the First World War .
The Italianate building was used for the christening of James 's son , Prince Henry .
He was named to play in the NHL All-Star Game all three seasons , allowing only a single goal and recording the lowest career GAA of any All-Star Game goaltender .
Euclid references some of Autolycus ' work , and Autolycus is known to have taught Arcesilaus .
These features were fragile and broke down soon after they were formed .
The British embarked on a program in India of reform and political restructuring , trying to integrate Indian higher castes and rulers into the government .
The lighting conditions in 's part of the orbit were different during these two observations , however , with the discovery being made when the region was strongly backlit by the sun .
The park provides one of the last natural habitats at the Little River Gorge for the endangered Brush-tailed Rock Wallaby .
Kapok ( Ceiba pentandra ) is a tropical tree of the order Malvales and the family Malvaceae ( previously separated in the family Bombacaceae ) , native to Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean , northern South America , and ( as the variety C. pentandra var .
Founded in 1887 , Occidental College , or '' Oxy '' as it is called by students and alumni , is one of the oldest liberal arts colleges on the West Coast .
The Amazilia Hummingbird ( Amazilia amazilia ) is a species of hummingbird , a family of small near passerine birds .
In 2010 , TNA impact !
It has an object-oriented syntax based on C++ .
Boynton Beach is a principal city of the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area , which had a 2006 estimated population of 5,463,857 .
Tesco records will be exclusive products to Tesco stores .
Tacfarinas ' revolt in Africa is repressed .
The Himalayan Goral ( Naemorhedus goral ) , also known as the Gray Goral , is a small , rough-haired , cylindrical-horned ruminant native to the Himalayas .
The message passing through this way was sent from Berlin to the German ambassador in Washington , Johann von Bernstorff , for re-transmission to von Eckardt in Mexico .
Evidently the death of Little Eva affected a lot of people at that time , because in 1852 300 baby girls in Boston alone were given that name .
According to the 1998 census , the population of the Nagar Valley was 85,000 , and according to the 2000 figures Nagar Valley had risen to 100,000 .
In 1941 she married Benny Kornegay , a convicted drug dealer and local dockworker .
An oscilloscope ( also known as a scope , CRO , DSO or , an O-scope ) is a type of electronic test instrument that allows observation of constantly varying signal voltages , usually as a two-dimensional graph of one or more electrical potential differences using the vertical or ` Y ' axis , plotted as a function of time , ( horizontal or ` x ' axis ) .
Act 1 In the four bohemians ' garret Marcello is painting while Rodolfo gazes out of the window .
As he grew older , Turner became more eccentric .
A similar overworld map is used in Super Mario World and New Super Mario Bros. , and Mario 's ability to fly has been a feature in such games as Super Mario World , Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Galaxy .
Since 1981 , the award has been given to the most outstanding goaltender as determined by a vote of NHL general managers .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Mangalore is located at in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka .
Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County , California along the south shore of Big Bear Lake , just 25 miles north east of the city of San Bernardino .
March 21 , 1994 : Mike Gartner traded from NY Rangers to Toronto for Glenn Anderson , the rights to Scott Malone and Toronto 's fourth round pick in 1994 Entry Draft .
Peaceful coexistence ( or , '' Peaceful co-existence - as a form of the continuation of the class struggle '' ) was a theory developed and applied by the Soviet Union at various points during the Cold War in the context of its ostensibly Marxist-Leninist foreign policy and was adopted by Soviet-influenced Communist states that they could peacefully coexist with the '' capitalist '' bloc ( i.e. , non-communist states ) .
Even before the end of the show , one of these minor competitions had her win a leading role alongside Heidi Klum in a nationwide TV commercial for McDonald 's .
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Manatees ( family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
Besides the original license used in BSD , there are several derivative licenses that are commonly referred to as a '' BSD license '' .
The Isles of Scilly form part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall and have , at times , been served by the same county administration .
Slovak was born in Haifa , Israel to Jewish parents who were survivors of the Holocaust .
George Canning ( 11 April 1770 8 August 1827 ) was a British statesman and politician who served as Foreign Secretary and briefly Prime Minister .
Zinc nitrate is soluble .
Ha Seok-Ju ( born February 20 , 1968 ) is a retired South Korean football player .
Sweetwater Wind Farm is one of the largest wind farms in Texas .
Its capital is the city of Prato .
Following the fall of Nazi Germany , Soviet troops occupied all of the country and through their influence Hungary gradually became a communist satellite state of the Soviet Union .
Avon may refer to :
It was founded in 1984 by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure to raise money for famine relief in Ethiopia by releasing the song '' Do They Know It 's Christmas ? ''
In the 1960s , as members of the house band of Stax Records , they played on hundreds of recordings by artists such as Wilson Pickett , Otis Redding , Bill Withers , Sam & Dave , Carla and Rufus Thomas and Johnnie Taylor .
According to archival records , at least 16,594 people died under the guillotine or otherwise after accusations of counter-revolutionary activities .
The Sorcerer 's Apprentice was used in the Walt Disney film Fantasia , although some of it was left out .
However , they are now being tracked by a slave hunter named Tom Loker .
Among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were Scandal ; Sex , Lies , and Videotape ; Tie Me Up !
The city was first established as the seat of the British colonial government .
The idea originated with the School of Salamanca in the 16th century Alan M. Taylor y Mark P. Taylor (/O2004/O) '' The Purchasing Power Parity Debate , '' NBER Working Paper No. 10607 ( online ) .
Some groups within Islam such as the Shi'a Ismaili reject death for apostasy altogether .
For four weeks before the official premiere ( and in preparation for the impending removal of UPN in several markets by the debut of MyNetworkTV on September 5 , 2006 ) of Friday Night SmackDown !
Vishnevskaya was married to the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich from 1955 until his death in 2007 ; they performed together regularly ( he on piano or on the podium ) .
He also later served as the 31st Governor of New York .
His first marriage was to Eileen Rexroat , which lasted 27 years .
At first Sun Quan nominally served as a Cao Wei vassal with the Cao Wei-created title of Prince of Wu , but after Cao Pi demanded that he send his son Sun Deng as a hostage to the Cao Wei capital Luoyang and he refused , in 222 , he declared himself independent by changing era name .
A direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
Began Jarwar is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
It featured the 2000 FIA Formula One World Championship which commenced on March 12 , 2000 , and ended on October 22 after seventeen races .
Domitian was the third and last emperor of the Flavian dynasty , the house which ruled the Roman Empire between 69 and 96 and encompassed the reigns of Domitian 's father Vespasian ( 69 79 ) , his older brother Titus ( 79 81 ) , and that of Domitian himself .
Shock ( economics ) , an unexpected or unpredictable event that affects an economy
Due to his disqualification , it was suggested that he earned the nickname of '' Boris DISonish-chenko '' .
When the Church of God was formed in 1906 , one-third of its founders were women .
She won a Theatre World Award for her performance .
Later , when the client wants to contact some SS , it can ( re ) use this ticket to get additional tickets from TGS , for SS , without resorting to using the shared secret .
Early life Sutherland was born in London , England , the son of Donald Sutherland and Shirley Douglas , both of whom are successful Canadian actors .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation ( Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation , with hyphen , from 1935 to 1985 ) , also known as 20th Century Fox , or simply 20th or Fox , is one of the six major American film studios .
Leyton Orient F.C. are an English professional football club in East London .
The population was 227 at the 2000 census .
The statuette is made of an oolitic limestone that can not be found in the area .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in the southern highlands of Peru .
Mazinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Like all ambystomatids , they are extremely loyal to their birthplace , and will travel long distances to reach it .
It was replaced with Julia for the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season .
Gerhard Ertl was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his studies of chemical processes on solid surfaces .
Tropical Storm Arthur was the first Atlantic tropical storm that formed during the month of May since 1981 .
It was evident in songs of the late 1990s and early 2000s .
Fabian formed north of Puerto Rico on October 5 .
In addition , dozens of ethnic Greek women were raped , and a number of men were forcibly circumcised by the mob .
Prior to the 1988 -- 89 season , the Pistons moved to Auburn Hills to play at The Palace of Auburn Hills .
Donald Duck has been officially honored as the third most popular cartoon character of all time with Bugs Bunny of Warner Bros. .
Queen Hatsheput concentrated on expanding Egypt 's external trade , sending a commercial expedition to the land of Punt .
Costa Coffee is a coffee house company based in the United Kingdom founded in 1971 by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa , as a wholesale operation supplying roasted coffee to caterers and specialist Italian coffee shops .
A tray is a shallow platform designed for carrying things .
Beluga ( whale ) , a type of whale
So-called due to its roots in Hainan cuisine and its adoption by the Hainanese overseas Chinese population in the Nanyang area ( present-day Southeast Asia ) , the version found in the Malaysia region combines elements of Hainanese and Cantonese cuisines along with culinary preferences in the Southeast Asian region .
Translation is the first stage of protein biosynthesis ( part of the overall process of gene expression ) .
The total area is 61.09 km which gives a population density of 287 inhabitants per km .
Some focus on porting games from one system to another .
Bunch types grow upright , while runner types grow near the ground .
The Asuka period , the second and last part of the Yamato period , ends , and the Nara period begins in Japan ; Heij - ky ( Nara ) becomes the capital of Japan .
Career In 1774 , Siddons won her first success as Belvidera in Thomas Otway 's Venice Preserved .
The Panic of 1837 triggered by the failing banks in America is followed by a severe depression lasting until 1845 .
La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Cornell University ( ) is a private university located in Ithaca , New York , USA , that is a member of the Ivy League .
It had schools , a convent , hotels , a prison with imposing stone walls , a hospital , a mental hospital , court house , police barracks , stage coach companies and a powder magazine .
Its widely watched series finale was broadcast on May 20 , 1993 .
Minsk is also a headquarters of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) .
In July 1990 , Bruno Kreisky , who was the grand doyen of the party , died .
Padmasambhava ( , ) The Lotus Born , is said to have transmitted Tantric Buddhism to Bhutan and Tibet in the 8th century .
In addition to five high-bitrate MP3s , it also included a video , pictures , lyrics , and guitar tablature .
In 1992 , LeMond became the first American to win the Tour DuPont , a short-lived American answer to the Tour de France that took place from 1991 to 1996 .
Sir William Lawrence Bragg CH OBE MC FRS ( 31 March 1890 - 1 July 1971 ) was an Australian-born British physicist and X-ray crystallographer , discoverer ( 1912 ) of the Bragg law of X-ray diffraction , which is basic for the determination of crystal structure .
However , the recognized '' birth '' year of the city is 1805 , the year of John Hunt 's arrival .
Emmanuel Eboué ( born 4 June 1983 ) is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays for Premier League club Arsenal .
Edward Bawden , CBE , RA ( 1903 -- 1989 ) was a British painter , illustrator and graphic artist .
In 1940 , the family was forced to flee again , this time to North Carolina .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
A short film called The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper was released with the Madagascar DVD , and was theatrically released with Wallace & Gromit : The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in the United States .
Usually the stem remains very short and the leaves are low to the ground , forming a rosette .
De Soto died in 1542 on the banks of the Mississippi River in Arkansas or Louisiana .
Tadayo Fukuo is a Japanese footballer .
In 1870 , and again in 1874 , he was elected as a Liberal Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Maidstone .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing ( ) , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi ( ) , is a Chinese classic text .
He was the fifth son of Prince Abo , a son of Emperor Heizei .
It was used by more than 25 states throughout the 20th century , acquiring nicknames such as Sizzlin ' Sally , Old Smokey , Old Sparky , Yellow Mama , and Gruesome Gertie .
Over the years , the league has evolved into a small league consisting of only eight teams , and two minor divisions .
Ain al-Yaqeen , a Saudi newspaper , reported in 2002 that Saudi funds may have contributed to building as many as 1,500 mosques and 2,000 other Islamic centers .
It also houses the ORA ( Old Rafflesians ' Association ) Office and Heritage Centre .
All true seals are members of the family Phocidae ( ) .
Rukn ad-Din Barkiyaruq 1093 -- 1104
Vasseny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Lions have played every season since 1954 , winning the league 's Grey Cup championship five times , with their most recent championship occurring in 2006 .
The Treaty of Warsaw was a treaty between West Germany ( Federal Republic of Germany ) and the People 's Republic of Poland .
ISBN 0-85229-511-1 .
As part of the mass-education campaign of the 1970s , he founded five universities , each at different sites , in North Rhine-Westphalia and initiated Germany 's first distance learning university at Hagen ( modelled on the Open University ) .
Moreover , it is common in Japan to refer to any thin noodle as soba in contrast to udon ( thick wheat noodles ) .
Part of the section between Woodside and Addiscombe railway stations is now Addiscombe Railway Park and part has been redeveloped for housing as East India Way .
One Day Travelcards and validity on other transport modes were added from 1984 onwards .
However , these volunteers were allowed to control artificial lighting and the light in the evening caused a phase delay .
Clarksville , Tennessee , the largest city with this name
It extends from the valley of the Red Main River to the Czech border , a few foothills spilling over into the Czech Republic . It continues in a northeastern direction as the Ore Mountains , and in a southeastern direction as the Bohemian Forest .
Today , the comic arm of the company flourishes despite no longer having its own universe of superpowered characters .
Haloarchaea are microrganisms and members of the halophile community , in that they require high salt concentrations to grow .
In October 1962 , she became the first woman to swim 100 metres freestyle in less than one minute .
She then realizes she is actually jealous of the love Zero and Kurohime share , and uses Darkray 's skull to turn Zero into the god of death , so as to make Kurohime experience hell on earth forever .
Many people use the same abbreviations in texting and instant messaging , and social networking websites .
The thirteenth named storm , ninth hurricane , and sixth major hurricane of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season , Lane developed from a tropical wave on September 13 to the south of Mexico .
However , when he began issuing public statements during the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season with the term ` neutercane ' , newspapers protested the term was '' sexist '' .
Several Turkic and Pashtun ( Afghan ) dynasties ruled from Delhi : the Mamluk dynasty ( 1206-90 ) , the Khilji dynasty ( 1290-1320 ) , the Tughlaq dynasty ( 1320-1413 ) , the Sayyid dynasty ( 1414-51 ) , and the Lodhi dynasty ( 1451-1526 ) .
Biography Early life Orr displayed his hockey talents at a very early age .
Saint-Martin-de-Laye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
My Chemical Romance is an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 .
The yellow to red color of many cheeses is from adding annatto .
Men should examine each testicle , feeling for pea-shaped lumps .
When experiencing microsleeps while driving an automobile , from the perspective of the driver , he or she drives a car , and then suddenly realizes that several seconds have passed by unnoticed .
Moody Bible Institute ( MBI ) is a Christian institution of higher education and related ministries that was founded by evangelist and businessman Dwight Lyman Moody in 1886 .
In fact , even during the winter , air conditioning systems are still in use during peak hours to ensure a comfortable shopping environment .
In 1983 , Pavitt moved to Seattle and started a record store , Fallout , as well as write a Sub Pop column for The Rocket , and host an independent-label specialty show on KCMU .
Sir Henry Joseph Wood , CH ( 3 March 186919 August 1944 ) was an English conductor , forever associated with The Proms which he conducted for half a century .
Frank Miller ( born January 27 , 1957 ) is an American writer , artist and film director best known for his dark , film noir-style comic book stories and graphic novels for Dark Horse Comics , DC Comics , and Marvel Comics .
May 30 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England marries Jane Seymour .
It is located between Epping and North Weald .
Its natural habitats are forest and woodland , primarily humid .
It is estimated that 75 % of adults worldwide show some decrease in lactase activity during adulthood .
Binalong ( postcode : 2584 , ) is a village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia 37 km north-west of Yass in Yass Valley Shire .
She is a third-person , singular personal pronoun ( subject case ) in Modern English .
She flees back to the village to warn them that a giant is coming .
Cahagnes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
More goals followed against AS Monaco and Aberdeen and helped him to a tally of ten goals from just fourteen games .
The rains across the Southern Plains were beneficial as the region had been suffering from a drought for much of the Summer of 1983 .
Substrate may also refer to :
There are 900 to 1,000 extant species of chitons in the class , which was formerly known as Amphineura .
Tim Borowski ( born 2 May 1980 in Neubrandenburg ) is a German footballer , who currently plays as a midfielder for Werder Bremen .
They play in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania at the Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza .
Boiry-Becquerelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The lake also stretches up the Escalante River and San Juan River where they merge into the main Colorado River .
People ( originally called People Weekly ) is a weekly American magazine of celebrity and human-interest stories , published by Time Inc. .
This act won him a 2008 Darwin Award .
Walking Trees : Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is the story of Ralph Fletcher 's introduction to the New York City school system as a teacher trainer in a writing staff development program .
In the United Kingdom , where he was knighted in 1996 , Previn first became well-known as a result of his television appearances with the LSO .
He was the most famous composer of secular music in Elizabethan England .
, but the term is slowly being replaced by the more descriptive load-store architecture .
Boy ( 1969 film ) ( Japanese : Sh nen ) , a 1969 Japanese film
Christopher John Osgood ( born November 26 , 1972 , in Peace River , Alberta ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender with the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ars-sur-Formans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Accounts with usernames that do not conform to the username policy are often blocked indefinitely , regardless of their editing behavior .
Whitnall 's critically acclaimed 2005 theater play The Sociable Plover was made into a feature film by Poisson Rouge Pictures and Solution Films ( re-titled as The Hide ) which received its UK premiere on Film4 in February 2009 .
As part of Microsoft 's Windows Live effort , which rebranded many existing MSN services and programs , MSN Messenger was renamed '' Windows Live Messenger '' beginning with version 8.0 .
The lake reached long and over 100 meters in depth by the first week of June 2010 when it began flowing over the landslide dam , completely submerging lower Shishkat and partly flooding Gulmit .
The New Wave of British Heavy Metal ( frequently abbreviated as NWOBHM and pronounced ) was a heavy metal movement that started in the late 1970s , in Britain , and achieved international attention by the early 1980s .
Particular kinds of aquaculture include algaculture ( the production of kelp/seaweed and other algae ) , fish farming , shrimp farming , oyster farming , and the growing of cultured pearls .
Malthus has become widely known for his theories concerning population and its increase or decrease in response to various factors .
It is also known as the Book of Revelation of St John the Divine or the Apocalypse of John , ( both in reference to its author ) or the Book of Revelation of Jesus Christ ( in reference to its opening line ) or simply Revelation , ( often dubbed '' Revelations '' in contrast to the singular in the original Koine ) or the Apocalypse .
Montano , Othello 's Venetian predecessor in the government of Cyprus
Federalism is a political concept in which a group of members are bound together by covenant ( Latin : foedus , covenant ) with a governing representative head . The term '' federalism '' is also used to describe a system of the government in which sovereignty is constitutionally divided between a central governing authority and constituent political units ( like states or provinces ) .
It is sometimes speculated that Derbyshire rather than Devonshire was intended on the original letters patent for the earldom .
The final image was a silhouette of the former WB mascot Michigan J. Frog .
William Wordsworth ( 7 April 1770 -- 23 April 1850 ) was a major English Romantic poet who , with Samuel Taylor Coleridge , helped to launch the Romantic Age in English literature with the 1798 joint publication Lyrical Ballads .
Bournonville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Statistics may lag somewhat , and the church is currently ( as of 2007 ) growing rapidly The church operates numerous schools , hospitals and publishing houses worldwide , as well as a prominent humanitarian aid organization known as the Adventist Development and Relief Agency ( ADRA ) .
During qualifying for the 1997 race , rain caused Goodyear to use rain tires on Sprint Cup cars for the first time in the modern era .
New Mills is a town in Derbyshire , England approximately south-east of Stockport and from Manchester .
The logarithm of x to the base b is written logb ( x ) or , if the base is implicit , as log ( x ) .
Turkish Angora Cats have a silky ( originally white ) , medium-long length coat , no undercoat and fine bone structure .
Telford United F.C. was an English football team based in Telford , Shropshire .
, is hostility toward or prejudice against Armenian people , Armenian culture and the Republic of Armenia , which can range in expression from individual hatred to institutionalized persecution .
The college is among the top 10 percent of liberal arts institutions whose graduates go on to earn Ph. D.s./O. The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching selected Occidental as a community engagement institution , becoming one of a handful of liberal arts colleges to be so designated for its commitment to mutually beneficial collaboration with its surrounding communities .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
Overview La Scala 's season traditionally opens on 7 December , Saint Ambrose 's Day , the feast day of Milan 's patron saint .
After his father went broke in 1926 , the family moved to Winnipeg , but were unable to afford to stay there .
Tucumcari is a city in and the county seat of Quay County , New Mexico , United States .
The templates in this series are designed to be used in a table to make a cell with text in that cell , with an appropriately colored background .
Nicknamed The Russian Rocket for his speed , he played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Vancouver Canucks , Florida Panthers and New York Rangers .
Some historians refer that in 1607 , there was a slave rebellion in the town of , that made the authorities panic .
Transfinite induction , a kind of mathematical induction
In 1913 he become a cadet in the Royal Military Academy in preparation for a career in the Royal Engineers .
Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer .
It is the oldest in the city and one of the oldest grammar schools in the United Kingdom , with a history spanning 750 years .
Lost City may also refer to :
The couple have four children ( one of whom is deceased ) and seven grandchildren .
The matter was raised in a campaign debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos , and later became an issue for the John McCain presidential campaign .
ISBN 1-872639-46-1 Another suggested influence is the six-string Scandinavian lut ( lute ) , which gained in popularity in areas of Viking incursions across medieval Europe .
Other flatfish are also called halibut .
On leave in the summer of 1918 , he received a letter from David Pinsent 's mother telling Wittgenstein that her son had been killed in an airplane accident .
Kan ` ami and his son Zeami brought Noh to its present-day form during the Muromachi period under the patronage of the powerful Ashikaga clan .
This book takes place around the year 5270 , some 3,000 years after the events in Ender 's Game .
The giant anteater is one of few taxa of mammals without any teeth even in a mature state .
A movie projector is an opto-mechanical device for displaying moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen .
He worked at a variety of jobs , including timber merchant , reporter and printer .
Gentoo Linux , a computer operating system distribution
He was the first to initiate the company 's exports to France and Italy .
By Neoptolemus , she was the mother of Molossus , and according to Pausanias , of Pielus and Pergamus .
The Atari Jaguar is a video game console that was released by Atari Corporation in 1993 .
Game Maker allows people to create computer games without knowing a computer programming language .
Pirna is located southeast of Dresden .
Beaufort County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Epistle to the Philippians ( or simply Philippians ) is a book included in the New Testament of the Bible .
There are also a number of deities from Celtic Gaul and Britain associated with the bear and the bear is featured on many totems throughout northern cultures that carve them .
Many of his designs - coffee makers , calculators , radios , audio\/visual equipment , consumer appliances and office products - have found a permanent home at many museums over the world , including MoMA in New York .
All Night '' .
He claimed that he had a good script for Alien : Resurrection , which he felt was spoiled by its director Jean-Pierre Jeunet .
Competition I - The team competition\/qualification round in which all gymnasts , including those who were not part of a team , performed both compulsory and optional exercises .
Gary Karr ( born November 20 , 1941 ) , is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher .
Rage formed in 1984 under the name , Avenger .
After the bankruptcy of the VOC in 1795 , the Dutch government took over exchange with Japan .
The main route of human infection is through the bite of an infected mosquito .
Hartennes-et-Taux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Many more species become extinct , or potentially will become extinct , without gaining public notice .
The reign of Emperor Kimmei ( 509-571 ) , the 29th emperor of Japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to assign verifiable dates ; Titsingh , pp .
The Royal Burgh of North Berwick is a seaside town in East Lothian , Scotland .
Ulster Scots has also been influenced by , and has itself influenced , Mid Ulster English .
Leonidas ( ' , died 7 August 480 BC ) was a hero-king of Sparta , the 17th of the Agiad line , one of the sons of King Anaxandridas II of Sparta , who was believed in mythology to be a descendant of Heracles , possessing much of the latter 's strength and bravery .
( for an unregistered service mark , that is , a mark used to promote or brand services )
It is used in astronomical telescopes and laser communication systems to remove the effects of atmospheric distortion , and in retinal imaging systems to reduce the impact of optical aberrations .
Unna is situated on an ancient salt-trading route , the Hellweg road .
Three formats are common : microfilm ( reels ) , aperture cards and microfiche ( flat sheets ) .
Underneath the rear of the cargo bay doors is the NASA insignia , the text ` United States ' and a flag of the United States .
Chester James Carville , Jr. ( born October 25 , 1944 ) is an American political consultant , commentator , educator , actor , attorney , media personality , and prominent liberal pundit .
The FDIC sold the banking subsidiaries ( minus unsecured debt or equity claims ) to JPMorgan Chase for $ 1.9 billion , which reopened the bank 's offices the next day as JPMorgan Chase branches .
She is the wife of His Imperial and Royal Highness Archduke Lorenz of Austria-Este , Archduke of Austria , Prince Royal of Hungary and Bohemia , whom she married in 1984 and who was created a Prince of Belgium in 1995 .
Tapestry is weft-faced weaving , in which all the warp threads are hidden in the completed work , unlike cloth weaving where both the warp and the weft threads may be visible .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,149 square miles ( 2,976 km ) , of which 998 square miles ( 2,585 km ) is land and 151 square miles ( 391 km ) ( 13.15 % ) is water .
A balloon loop or turning loop allows a rail vehicle or train to reverse direction without having to shunt or even stop .
He is the husband of the Chancellor of Germany , Angela Merkel .
Sartell got its start as a small town on the Mississippi River , relying on lumber and a paper company for its existence .
Seeing rubbish on the streets and smelling the foul water of the canals , he feels nauseated and claustrophobic , and decides that he must leave Venice .
Brumby was subsequently elected as Labor 's new State Parliamentary leader to fill the vacancy created by Jim Kennan 's resignation .
From 1996 , the term City of York describes a unitary authority area which includes rural areas beyond the old city boundaries .
Albert Schweitzer ( 14 January 1875 & ndash ; 4 September 1965 ) was a Franco-German ( Alsatian ) theologian , organist , philosopher , and physician .
As earlier in ancient Rome , death masks were often subsequently used in making marble sculpture portraits , busts or engravings of the deceased .
One of his elder sisters , Philippa , married John I of Portugal , and his younger sister Elizabeth was the mother of John Holland , 2nd Duke of Exeter .
The giant wants them to commit suicide , but they endure the ordeal until Christian realizes that a key he has , called Promise , will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
Chiyo , wife of Yamauchi Kazutoyo , has long been considered the ideal samurai wife .
In most plants stems are located above the soil surface but some plants have underground stems .
For simple unicellular organisms such as the amoeba , one cell division is equivalent to reproduction -- an entire new organism is created .
Later that spring , Jay-Z titled the lead single of his album The Blueprint 3 as '' D.O.A. ( Death of Auto-Tune ) '' .
Emden is a city and seaport in the northwest of Germany , on river Ems .
Some have glass panels that can be retracted , in order for the spectators to feel closer to the action of the sporting event .
The interactions of global economies and politics , coupled with ecological concerns for the planet , have given rise to new educational needs that are international in scope .
The Province of Palermo ( ; Sicilian : Pruvincia di Palermu ) is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily , an island off the coast of Italy .
Adult humans have twelve molars , in four groups of three at the back of the mouth .
During mixing , a reaction between the condensed milk and the acidic lime juice occurs which causes the filling to thicken on its own without requiring baking .
Links and references Based on a 1911 encyclopedia article .
The burqa is usually understood to be the woman 's loose body-covering ( Arabic : jilb b ) , plus the head-covering ( Arabic : ij b , taking the most usual meaning ) , plus the face-veil ( Arabic : niq b ) .
Vince McMahon detested having to share his creation with Ric Flair and looked for a way to dissolve their partnership .
Clive Barker BiographyClive Barker Biography -- Yahoo !
The application as an anesthetic turned out to be one of the few safe uses of cocaine , and as reports of addiction and overdose began to filter in from many places in the world , Freud 's medical reputation became somewhat tarnished .
Often , these relate to national security matters , which are supposed to transcend party politics - the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service , for example , is required to brief the Leader of the Opposition as well as the Prime Minister on certain matters .
Skippers also have generally stockier bodies and larger compound eyes than the other two groups , with stronger wing muscles in the plump thorax , in this resembling many '' moths '' more than the other two butterfly lineages do .
--
His father , Christian Bohr , was professor of physiology at the University of Copenhagen ( it is his name which is given to the Bohr shift or Bohr effect ) , while his mother , Ellen Adler Bohr , came from a wealthy Jewish family prominent in Danish banking and parliamentary circles .
Mithril was also called '' true-silver '' or '' Moria-silver '' ; the Dwarves had their own secret name for it .
Afterwards the Persian made no more attempts to conquer the Greek mainland .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
Guide dogs ( also called seeing-eye dogs ) are assistance dogs trained to lead blind and visually impaired people around obstacles .
Competitions The All-Ireland Final is held every year in Croke Park during September , usually the week between the hurling final and Gaelic football final .
Iron is most commonly used in the form of an alloy , steel , which contains up to 2.1 % carbon , making it much harder than pure iron .
'' If I Never See Your Face Again '' is a song written by Maroon 5 members Adam Levine and James Valentine for Maroon 5 's second studio album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long ( 2007 ) .
Founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles , it is consistently ranked as one of the top secondary schools in Singapore in the now-defunct official school rankings released by the Ministry of Education .
Novell was instrumental in making the Utah Valley a focus for technology and software development .
Three years ago there were 54 individuals in this colony and there were several other known , similar-sized colonies .
As well as the island of Guernsey itself , it also includes Alderney , Sark , Herm , Jethou , Brecqhou , Burhou , Lihou and other islets .
Quaresma began his career at Sporting CP , and has also played for Barcelona , Porto , Inter Milan and Chelsea .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on the Raw brand .
On September 17 , the intensification became more rapid and Helene quickly became a Category 2 hurricane that morning as the eye became clearer and surrounded by deep convection .
May 25 & ndash ; The French States-General rejects the Second Treaty of London .
The Mozilla Foundation also became more assertive over its intellectual property , with policies put in place for the use of Mozilla trademarks and logos .
Specialized was developed from Special in the late 1990s , independently of Voice of America .
Zapata County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas .
From 2007 to 2009 , Nickelodeon released Region 2 DVDs , which can play in Europe .
Humanities Hub The Humanities Hub , housed in Administrative Block 2 , comprises History , Geography and Literature Rooms as well as two circular theatres on the ground floor , and an open-air experimental area .
However , at various times between 1949 and 1951 , the Duke of Edinburgh was stationed in Malta ( at that time a British Protectorate ) as a serving Royal Navy officer .
Forbes arrived in Sydney in March 1824 , and Court commenced on 17 May 1824 .
However , the cancellation of the InterCity 250 project in July 1992 meant that the rolling stock orders were never made .
The school was founded in 1897 and was known as the Oklahoma Colored Agricultural and Normal University .
It was issued by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 May , 1840 , for use from 6 May of that year .
An academic degree , Ped .
Foot-Ball Brindisi 1912 is an Italian association football club located in Brindisi , Apulia .
The supporting cast is made up of volunteers from Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany , Georgia , where the Kendrick brothers are associate pastors .
It coincides roughly with the story that Dostoevsky described in his letter to Katkov , and written in a form of a diary or journal , corresponds to what eventually became part II .
However , after being responsible for a car accident in September 2003 that killed teammate and close friend Dan Snyder , he requested a trade and was subsequently dealt to the Ottawa Senators .
This is a list of places in Iran .
Indeed , any eye type can be adapted for almost any behaviour or environment .
The stadium opened in 1929 , and was originally named Denny Stadium , in honor of former Alabama president George Hutchenson Denny .
This is a list of users whose contributions may be ignored by Huggle while searching for vandalism .
He was a one-time All-CCHA honorable mention during his four-year tenure with the Bowling Green Falcons of the Central Collegiate Hockey Association ( CCHA ) .
The similarity with silver compounds is observed with the halide , oxide , and sulfide compounds .
She was the fashionable young daughter of his personal friend Sir Dinshaw Petit , of an elite Parsi family of Mumbai .
Alan Blyth , Editor history of Art Song and its interpretation , with a guide to available recordings .
Silent Spring is a book written by Rachel Carson and published by Houghton Mifflin on 27 September 1962 .
The chapel became a Catholic church The area was already settled during the Bronze Age .
Killer Kane swears that he did n't murder Max 's mother .
Alba married Warren in Los Angeles on Monday , May 19 , 2008 .
Pakistan has a multicultural and multi-ethnic society and hosts one of the largest refugee populations in the world as well as a young population .
After the unification the city 's population declined from over 100,000 in 1989 to roughly 75,000 in 2005 through emigration .
After the collapse of the Yuan Dynasty , the Mongols returned to their earlier patterns .
He went on to finish eighth and scored a point .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ( commonly referred to as the British Parliament , the Westminster Parliament or , formerly , the Imperial Parliament ) is the supreme legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories , located in London .
Its width is 80 % of the entire diameter of Vesta .
They are elongated metameric animals with one pair of legs per body segment .
Tikal ( or Tik ' al according to the modern Mayan orthography ) is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centres of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization .
The cemetery is located near the Eisenhower Expressway ( Interstate 290 ) at Wolf and Roosevelt Roads .
Bisexual DVDs sell much better online than in adult video stores , possibly due to customers in stores feeling embarrassed to buy them .
In early 1998 , the girls were ready with their first official single , '' Morning Coffee '' .
Monroe therefore resigned as Secretary of War and was formally reappointed Secretary of State .
Large dune fields are known as ergs .
As with most foods , sushi is not free from health risks , but these risks are minimized with proper preparation and service .
His mastery of the expressive language of color and drawing , displayed in a body of work spanning over a half-century , won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art .
It lies in the country 's Luxembourg Province ( Walloon Region ) .
The total area is 52.53 km which gives a population density of 148 inhabitants per km .
The epithet Moneta ultimately derives from the legend of the Gallic attack on Rome by Brennus in 390 BC , during which the Romans , having retreated into the citadel , where awakened at night by the sacred geese of Juno and , thus , alerted to the coming of the Gauls .
According to Card , there is no strictly preferred order of reading them , except that Xenocide should be read right before Children of the Mind .
Those at the front became trapped , and were crushed by the weight of the crowd behind them .
With the exception of initial forced bets , money is only placed into the pot voluntarily by a player who , at least in theory , rationally believes the bet has positive expected value .
At right is displayed the color old rose .
Cusick spent six months at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama before attending CSV in Glasgow , where he joined the Citizens ' Theatre .
Soon after at age 15 , she was married to Frank Cotten .
A car wash or auto wash is a facility used to clean the exterior and , in some cases , the interior of motor vehicles .
The Template : Strlen_quick gives the length of parameter 1 , as a string , with a count of 0-70 characters , using a simple , quick method .
A member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) , she was president of the People 's Chamber of the German Democratic Republic from April to October 1990 and as such the last head of state .
For many decades during the Gothic and Renaissance eras , Prague was the permanent seat of two Holy Roman Emperors and thus was also the capital of the Holy Roman Empire .
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The warriors are children , each fighting with the help of their own battle spiders .
With more than 180,000 inhabitants , Prato is Tuscany 's second largest city and the third largest in Central Italy , after Rome and Florence .
Such applications include embedded systems ( programmable thermostats , household appliance controllers ) , industrial robots , spacecraft , industrial control ( see SCADA ) , and scientific research equipment .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
The Seven-arm Octopus ( Haliphron atlanticus ) is the largest known species of octopus based on scientific records , with a total estimated length of 4 m and weight of 75 kg .
It also has one of the slowest rotation periods of the known asteroids -- most asteroids have a rotation period in the range of 2 -- 24 hours .
Spider bite
Yuji Sakakura is a retired Japanese football player .
The CBSO has recorded substantially for EMI Classics and Warner Classics , as well as smaller labels .
Firefly is an American space western television series created by writer/director Joss Whedon , creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel , under his Mutant Enemy Productions .
A version without the prologue followed before the play 's run ended , to be replaced by The Beggar 's Wedding by Charles Coffey .
The 1999 East Timorese crisis began with attacks by anti-independence militants on civilians , and expanded to general violence throughout the country , centred in the capital Dili .
However , the largest known example of marine flooding was when the Atlantic breached the Strait of Gibraltar at the end of the Messinian Salinity Crisis about 5.2 million years ago .
It is one of the best selling games ever made for the Atari 2600 , with over 4 million copies sold .
A total of 512 Class 47s were built at Crewe Works and Brush 's Falcon Works , Loughborough between 1962 and 1968 , which made them the most numerous class of British mainline diesel locomotive .
Some users report a mental state of wakefulness , focus and alertness reminiscent of most stimulants , but often remark on mate 's unique lack of the negative effects typically created by other such compounds , such as anxiety , '' jitteriness '' , and heart palpitations .
Speed returns home , where Taejo 's sister Horuko ( Yu Nan ) gives him Taejo 's automatic invitation to the Grand Prix .
Pakistan is an active member of the United Nations .
Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C. , a few blocks from the United States Capitol . Mark Dever serves as the senior pastor of the church .
It was the most common coin produced for circulation but was slowly debased until its replacement by the antoninianus .
Sometimes an organism 's development is intermediate between male and female , a condition called intersex .
These Canons set forth what is often referred to as the Five Points of Calvinism .
Chart rankings are based on sales , which are compiled through over-the-counter retail data captured electronically each day from retailers ' EPOS systems .
They learnt the native martial arts of Silambu , archery and many others .
Many of Waugh 's novels depict British aristocracy and high society , which he satirises but to which he was also strongly attracted .
Waldheim was the fourth Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981 , and the ninth President of Austria , from 1986 to 1992 .
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany was a central Italian monarchy that existed , with interruptions , from 1569 to 1859 , replacing the Duchy of Florence .
, he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration .
Romano Fogli ( born 21 January 1938 ) is an Italian retired footballer and former manager .
The 1980 represented a period of strength for the company , with Peter Jonas as general director , David Pountney as artistic director , and Mark Elder as music director , known as the '' Power House '' years .
The core of the group is the hard rock guitarist and video game composer Jun Senoue and vocalist Johnny Gioeli , who is also the vocalist for the bands Hardline and Axel Rudi Pell .
At the top of the South Korean football league system , it is the country 's highest and most prestigious level of football competition currently contested by 15 clubs .
Red-necked Wallabies are distinguished by their black nose and paws , white stripe on the upper lip , and grizzled medium gray coat with a reddish wash across the shoulders .
Tarn ( ) is a department of 5,758 km2 in the Midi-Pyr énées region in the southwest of France , named after the Tarn River .
This gene is required to regulate the components of sweat , digestive juices , and mucus .
The Christian church in general , and the English Church in particular , used Jerusalem as a metaphor for Heaven , a place of universal love and peace .
com or 18 OctoberSlonimsky , Nicholas , ed .
See also Wales national football team managers Prior to 1954 the Welsh team was chosen by a panel of selectors with the team captain fulfilling the role of coach .
On the eve of the at Silverstone , Hispania announced that Bruno Senna had been dropped for the race , and that test driver Sakon Yamamoto would take his place .
A colonel is typically in charge of a regiment in the army .
Some scholars believe the first written reference to Bod '' Tibet '' was the ancient '' Bautai '' people recorded in the ( ca .
Maxis Software is an American company founded as an independent video game developer in 1987 . It is currently a subsidiary of Electronic Arts ( EA ) .
In cases of severe blood loss , the body can convert yellow marrow back to red marrow to increase blood cell production .
Later that year , he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor bestowed by the United States , by President Ronald Reagan .
Gunpei Yokoi , also spelled Gumpei Yokoi , was a Japanese video game designer .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 1 , 2007 from observations taken between January 18 and April 19 , 2007 .
Tourism has had a positive effect on wildlife preservation and protection efforts , notably in Africa but also in South America , Asia , Australia , and the South Pacific .
December September 12 Andrea Doria defeats his former allies , the French , and establishes the independence of Genoa .
He named it from an Arabic phrase bandar as-sal m meaning harbor of Peace .
Orbit 7066 Nessus has an orbital period of 122.4 years , an eccentricity of 0.52 and an inclination to the ecliptic of 15.6 degrees .
Also in the town is the Buxton Opera House , which hosts several music and theater festivals each year .
Rev. Crisparkle remembers him as the one who years ago saved him from drowning .
He was ordained a priest on 23 July 1950 .
Bellou is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The whole cake is also covered with whipped cream and decorated with chocolate .
Flood basalts have erupted at random intervals throughout geological history and are clear evidence that the Earth undergoes periods of enhanced activity rather than being in a uniform steady state .
A distinction is often made between pure mathematics and applied mathematics .
Straja is a commune in Suceava County , Bukovina , Romania .
Included are mice , rats , gerbils , hamsters , lemmings and voles .
It rests on the southern slopes of the 290m ( 965 feet ) Largo Law and half a mile north of Largo Bay and the rather larger town of Lower Largo .
Vanunu did not immediately release his information and photos on leaving Israel , traveling for about a year before doing so .
Goodall , Proceedings and Transactions of the Rhodesian Scientific Association 41:57 -62 , 1946 : '' Domestic Animals in rock art '' E. Goodall , Proceedings and Transactions of the Rhodesian Scientific Association 42:69 -74 , 1949 : '' Notes on certain human representations in Rhodesian rock art '' .
( Central Committee )
Apparently simple and direct in style- to the point that Caesar 's Commentarii are commonly studied by first and second year Latin students- they are in fact highly sophisticated tracts , aimed most particularly at the middle-brow readership of minor aristocrats in Rome , Italy , and the provinces .
Col. John Green gave his daughters of land for use as a cemetery for these soldiers .
Later , he decapitated a running ostrich with a specially designed dart and afterwards carried the bleeding head of the dead bird and his sword over to the section where the Senators sat and gesticulated as though they were next .
He was named to the NHL 's second all-star team in 1975 and 1977 .
is a Japanese girl group , whose act generally revolves around singing and dancing to upbeat melodies .
The Student Union was set up in September 1995 and Parent-Teacher Association in 1996 .
Agreement The Trans-Asian Railway Network Agreement is an agreement signed on November 10 2006 , by seventeen Asian nations as part of a United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific ( UNESCAP ) effort to build a transcontinental railway network between Europe and Pacific ports in China .
The song reached # 1 in Australia and remained at the top for 5 non-consecutive weeks ; it also peaked at # 2 in Latin America becoming Maroon 5 's second consecutive Top 3 .
Twinkle is considered to be stable , but in continuous development .
Though the Gila monster is venomous , its sluggish nature means that it represents little threat to humans .
Founded in 1891 by the emerging labor movement in Australia , Labor is the country 's oldest active political party , having contested and won state seats from 1891 , federal seats following the Federation at the 1901 federal election , and gained Australia 's first majority in either house at the 1910 federal election .
Fort Campbell is a United States Army installation located between Hopkinsville , Kentucky , and Clarksville , Tennessee , and is home to the 101st Airborne Division .
December to Dismember (/O2006/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on December 3 , 2006 at the James Brown Arena in Augusta , Georgia .
The two keys are primarily used to scroll up or down in documents , but the scrolling distance varies between different applications .
Ardres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
It was released by Commodore in December 1990 as a competitor in the booming console market .
These Pakistani cultures have been greatly influenced by many of the surrounding countries ' cultures , such as those of Turkish , Persian , Afghan , and Indians of South Asia , Central Asia and the Middle East .
Corcy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Musical style How to Grow a Woman from the Ground takes influence from different genres , '' drawing equally from traditional bluegrass , progressive acoustic , and singer/songwriter traditions '' , with one critic calling the majority of the album very '' roots oriented '' .
Since the fossil record , particularly of the Early Cambrian , is so poor , it is difficult to estimate the rate of eye evolution .
While cleaning the floors , they stumbled across a Fleemco comic book .
She is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed Farsala Trilogy .
It works by Hooke 's Law , which states that the force needed to extend a spring is proportional to the distance that spring is extended from its rest position .
Willebroek ( old spelling : Willebroeck ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
It presents a full programme of performances and is also open for public tours .
Walid Eido ( Beirut , 1942 - Beirut , June 13 , 2007 ) was a Lebanese politician and member of the Current for the Future Lebanese political movement and an MP in the Lebanese Parliament .
Ouendan , a rhythm game for the Nintendo DS utilizing its touchscreen features , which was a highly-demanded import title and lead to a sequel in Japan and a Western variation of the game in Elite Beat Agents .
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius ( ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 ) is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov ( ) .
Gura Humorului ( Hebrew and Yiddish : - Gur ' Humuruluei or - Gur ' Humura ; German and Polish : Gura Humora ) is a town located in northern Romania , Suceava County in southern Bukovina .
Artivists are often found in social centres .
In 1982 , voters approved merging Battle Creek Township with the city of Battle Creek , under pressure from Kellogg Company , which threatened to move its headquarters away from Battle Creek if the city and township did not merge . Battle Creek is currently the third-largest city in Michigan by area , after Detroit and Grand Rapids .
The album was certified 2x Platinum in late 1994 by the RIAA .
Sechenbaatar , Borjigin ( 2003 ) : The Chakhar dialect of Mongol -- A morphological description .
Chamois Niortais Football Club is a French association football club based in the commune of Niort , in western France .
In this , Stresemann was strongly supported by the British , and as an result of strong Anglo-German pressure , the French agreed to evacuate the Rhineland in June 1930 , five years ahead of schedule as the price of reducing German reparations .
Macomb is the home of Western Illinois University .
Norman is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma , United States , and is located 20 m south of downtown Oklahoma City .
Avatar : Legends of the Arena , a massive multiplayer online roleplaying game ( MMORPG ) for Microsoft Windows , was launched on September 25 , 2008 by Nickelodeon .
A weather or sounding balloon is a balloon ( specifically a type of high altitude balloon ) which carries instruments aloft to send back information on atmospheric pressure , temperature , humidity and wind speed by means of a small , expendable measuring device called a radiosonde .
For special purposes , greater optical reductions may be used .
It follows the adventures of Son Goku from his childhood through adulthood as he trains in martial arts and explores the world in search of the seven mystical objects known as the Dragon Balls , which can summon a wish-granting dragon when gathered . Along his journey , Goku makes several friends and battles a wide variety of villains , many of whom also seek the Dragon Balls for their own desires .
The small chapel , with its brightly frescoed walls and gold leaf decorations gives the impression of a jewel box .
Chennai Central station , the city 's largest , provides access to other major cities as well as many other smaller towns across India .
Unlike the chanterelle , the Jack o ` Lantern mushroom is poisonous .
Her bluff about obtaining the Hidden Immunity Idol proved false ; she was voted out 5-2 .
In a genetic algorithm , a population of strings ( called chromosomes or the genotype of the genome ) , which encode candidate solutions ( called individuals , creatures , or phenotypes ) to an optimization problem , evolves toward better solutions .
In turn , it is part of the even broader group of diseases called hematological neoplasms .
One Chase Manhattan Plaza is a banking skyscraper located in the downtown Manhattan Financial District of New York City , between Pine , Liberty , Nassau , and William Streets .
