The study of logic , grammar and rhetoric was considered preparatory for the quadrivium , which was made up of arithmetic , geometry , music , and astronomy .
The daily number of visitors entering Mount Athos is restricted and all are required to obtain a special entrance permit valid for a limited period .
The IPCC Panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations .
After Discovery Channel announced 2007 would be its final season in professional cycling , Contador announced on 23 October 2007 that he would move to the Astana team for 2008 .
These are common crossword variants that vary more from a regular crossword than just an unusual grid shape or unusual clues ; these crossword variants may be based on different solving principles and require a different solving skill set .
Electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ) is administered worldwide typically for severe mental disorders , rarely involuntarily .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
The history of Georgia can be traced back to the ancient kingdoms of Colchis and Iberia , and it was one of the first countries to adopt Christianity , in the 4th century .
Modern linguists show , however , that the name comes from the Proto-Indo-European root that also produces the Vedic pra math , '' to steal , '' hence pramathyu-s , '' thief '' , whence '' Prometheus '' , the thief of fire .
Douglas Farthing Hatlelid , better known as Chip Douglas , is a songwriter , musician ( bass guitar and keyboards ) , and record producer , whose most famous work was during the 1960s .
The redevelopment included the construction of a number of exhibition spaces which are used to house the permanent exhibitions The Mirror of the World : Books and Ideas and The Changing Face of Victoria as well as a display from the Pictures Collection in the Cowen Gallery .
In a certain context Khrushchev said , '' Gagarin flew into space , but did n't see any god there '' .
Mechanical or physical weathering involves the breakdown of rocks and soils through direct contact with atmospheric conditions , such as heat , water , ice and pressure .
Hinckley has one football team , Hinckley United , who finished mid-table in the Conference North in the 2004\/05 season and competed in the Second Round of the FA Cup . Hinckley United was formed in 1997 from the amalgamation of Hinckley Town and Hinckley Athletic , and is known as the Knitters - a nickname that comes from the town 's history as a textile-producing center .
Nonetheless , significant operational efficiency and agility advantages can be realised , even by small organisations , and server consolidation and virtualization rollouts are already well underway .
is a Titan , the son of Iapetus and Themis , and brother to Atlas , Epimetheus and Menoetius .
Any modifications by Alice or Boris up to , but not including , a modification made by Candice .
The most popular theory is that the word Cathar most likely originated from Greek , meaning '' pure ones '' , a term related to the word Katharsis or Catharsis , meaning '' purification '' .
Ultimately , during the third quarter of 2010 , Viacom began seeking a buyer for Harmonix , recognizing they did not have the efficiency and capacity to deal with cost of maintaining a video game developer compared with dedicated video game publishers .
The United States Department of State ( often referred to as the State Department ) , is the United States federal executive department responsible for international relations of the United States , equivalent to the foreign ministries of other countries .
Stewie 's voice is provided by Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane , who also provides the voices of Brian Griffin , Peter Griffin , and Glenn Quagmire as well as numerous other characters .
Merlino started to participate in the militant anarchist movement in Italy during his university studies .
Gary Jules ( born March 19 , 1969 as Gary Jules Aguirre , Jr. ) is an American singer-songwriter , best known for his cover of Tears for Fears ' third single '' Mad World '' , which he recorded together with friend Michael Andrews for the film Donnie Darko .
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef .
Her book remains the best-selling book about gorillas of all time .
Sport The city is the home of five-time Italian champions L'Aquila Rugby .
After landfall , it continued northwest along the Florida west coast , weakening prior to landfall near Cedar Key on September 4 .
A ZIP file contains one or more files that have been compressed to reduce file size , or stored as-is .
Wired magazine writer Brian Raftery commented on the candid manner of Bruce 's writing , calling the book a '' soul-baring memoir filled with unpleasant details . ''
Coelophysis ( or ) , meaning '' hollow form '' in reference to its hollow bones ( Greek \/O/ koilos meaning ` hollow ' and \/O/ physis meaning ` form ' ) , is one of the earliest known genera of dinosaur .
An expansion pack , entitled Diablo : Hellfire , was released in , although it was not created by Blizzard Entertainment .
The duration of the refractory period varies considerably , even for a given individual . Age affects the recovery time , with younger men typically recovering faster than older men , though not universally so .
Cagliari ( ) is the capital of the island of Sardinia , a region of Italy .
The concept album built on ideas explored by the band in their live shows and earlier recordings , but it lacks the extended instrumental excursions that characterised their work following the departure in 1968 of founding member , principal composer , and lyricist Syd Barrett .
Vincenzo Iaquinta , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRIFIFA.comAscotSportal.com , ( born November 21 , 1979 in Cutro , Crotone ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus .
Rodersdorf 1315 5.29 Seewen 1010 16.39 Witterswil 1324 2.65 Total 19,191 74.63 Dorneck is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated to the north of the canton .
Act 3 Night-time in the Borough .
The Concert of Europe , also known as the '' Congress System , '' was the balance of power that existed in Europe from 1815 until the early 20th century .
Dialogue editor
Selection order and Draft lottery The selection order in the Entry Draft is determined by a combination of lottery , regular season standing , and playoff results .
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
Fort Walton Beach is a city in southern Okaloosa County , Florida , United States .
A disastrous fire on August 25 1782 destroyed most of the town , but it was immediately rebuilt .
It is bordered by Madaripur , Narail , Rajbari , Magura , Shariatpur , Gopalgonj , Dhaka and Manikganj .
Matt Groening conceived Homer and the rest of the Simpson family in 1986 in the lobby of producer James L. Brooks ' office .
The Outreach Magazine Top 100 Largest Churches He is also a bestselling author of many Christian books , including his guide to church ministry and evangelism , The Purpose Driven Church , which has spawned a series of conferences on Christian ministry and evangelism .
He is sometimes referred to as ` the London Bach ' or ` the English Bach ' , due to his time spent living in the British capital .
This is the first book in the Heorot series .
Robson was married to Elsie from June 1955 until his death ; they have three sons : Andrew , Paul and Mark , all of whom survived him .
The recording of '' I Was Made For Lovin ' You '' , was actually recorded at one of the bands ' soundchecks , but had the crowd overdubbed in the song to make it appear as if it is '' live '' which led to speculation that many other songs on '' Alive III '' could be overdubbed .
The title of Archduke ( feminine : Archduchess ) ( German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin ) denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King , used only by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
The volcano then made its largest display in 1200 years .
Zoey , J-Pop singer ( born 1984 )
Equality may refer to :
The multiplayer mode uses the wireless Download Play option to allow two to four players compete against each other using Yoshi -- character hats appear in the stage allowing players to transform into either Mario , Luigi , or Wario .
The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to infernal or liminal gods such as Hermes , Charon , Hecate , and Persephone , sometimes via the mediation of a dead person ( probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was deposited ) .
Reading is a centre for rugby union football in the area , with the Guinness Premiership team London Irish as tenants at the Madejski Stadium .
In mammals some pathway of Pheromones identification lay in vomeronasal organ and some - in odor receptors .
In 1954 Foucault published his first book , Maladie mentale et personnalité , a work which he would later disavow .
Samus is one of the first major female protagonists in a video game , and her popularity among fans has helped her top several lists of the best video game heroines .
He was one of the main proponents of the initiation of the University of Birmingham and was its first Chancellor . His papers can be found in the Library there , and the University 's clock tower is named the Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower or more commonly ` Old Joe ' or ` Big Joe ' .
Retrieved 2008-06-23 .
Any act that creates and enhances sexual desire in a sexual partner may constitute foreplay , including kissing , touching , embracing , talking , and teasing ( teasing , in this case , may include methods of satisfaction , such as erotic sexual denial ) .
It has been used to describe buildings built by people from many parts of the world living in many different periods .
In 1923 the L&B was absorbed into the Southern Railway , and began an upgrade program .
However , Saint-Denis is older than that .
Cartmel Priory ,
Americans have come to use the terms '' hot chocolate '' and '' hot cocoa '' interchangeably , obscuring the considerable difference between the two .
In extreme cases this could include a site ban , either through the arbitration committee or by a consensus .
Bohemund VI of Antioch ( b. 1237 )
Both the longest and the largest island in the contiguous United States , Long Island extends eastward from New York Harbor to Montauk Point , and has a maximum north-to-south expanse of between the northern Long Island Sound coast and the southern Atlantic coast .
Researchers ' estimates generally range from 100,000 to 200,000 persons per year .
But Max respected him even back then for his robot death glare and thought the crutches and leg braces were cool .
September 13 -- Seven Years ' War ( French and Indian War ) : Quebec falls to British forces following General Wolfe 's victory in the Battle of the Plains of Abraham just outside the city .
Matt Casamassina of gaming website IGN gave the game an 8.0 \/O/ 10 , citing the number of crossword puzzles available and the control scheme as highlights , as well as the low price of the game .
The unit was formerly a SI supplementary unit , but this category was abolished in 1995 and the radian is now considered a SI derived unit .
Oltenia ( Lesser Wallachia in antiquated versions , with the alternate Latin names Wallachia Minor , Wallachia Alutana , Wallachia Caesarea in use between 1718 and 1739 ) is a historical province and geographical region of Romania , in western Wallachia .
He was the first person appointed to the newly created position of National Security Advisor during the Eisenhower Administration , serving between 1953 and 1955 , and again from 1957 to 1958 .
The Salmon River passes through Salmon ; white water rafters and other people interested in outdoor recreation have brought additional economic activity to Salmon . The Lemhi River flows into the Salmon River at Salmon .
When Alice and Bob share a password , they may use a password-authenticated key agreement form of Diffie-Hellman , such as the one described in ITU-T Recommendation X. 1035 .
Joel David Coen ( born November 29 , 1954 ) and Ethan Jesse CoenAccording to the State of Minnesota .
The word ` Assassin ' comes from Hashshashin , American Speech - McCarthy , Kevin M. Volume 48 , pp .
The Broncos lost Super Bowl XXI to the New York Giants , 39 20 ; Super Bowl XXII to the Washington Redskins , 42 10 ; and Super Bowl XXIV to the San Francisco 49ers , 55 10 , the most lopsided scoring differential in Super Bowl history .
The king will usually have been brought to relative safety .
Section 9 , beginning with the words '' The Constitution of the Commonwealth shall be as follows ... '' , contains the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia .
Made under the supervision of Walt Disney himself , this film and its animation are often regarded as some of the finest work in Disney studio history , despite the lackluster , even hostile , reviews it originally received , especially in the United Kingdom .
Byzantine Emperor Romanus III invades Syria .
Later , she chose the composition '' Hannelore '' to be used as her first name . In the years of her husband 's chancellorship , she founded the Hannelore Kohl Stiftung and the Kuratorium ZNS .
After that , Costner starred in The Guardian and in Mr. Brooks , in which he portrayed a serial killer .
Over 3.7 million people visit Yosemite each year : most spend their time in the seven square miles ( 18 km2 ) of Yosemite Valley .
A team of biologists convened by the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) developed a system of eight biogeographic realms ( ecozones ) as part of their delineation of the world 's over 800 terrestrial ecoregions .
In June 2010 , Nickelodeon Latin America announced a Kids ' Choice Awards for Mexico . Other countries with their own Kids ' Choice Awards : Brazil , United Kingdom , Australia , and Indonesia .
Historical attitudes towards oats vary .
Drum and bass began as an offshoot of the United Kingdom rave scene of the very early 1990s .
Members of the Irish Volunteers , led by schoolteacher and barrister Patrick Pearse , joined by the smaller Irish Citizen Army of James Connolly , along with 200 members of Cumann na mBan , seized key locations in Dublin and proclaimed the Irish Republic independent of Britain .
Francisco Herrera ( 1576 -- 1656 ) was a distinguished Spanish painter , born at Seville .
Winnipeg ( ) is the capital and largest city of Manitoba , Canada , and is the primary municipality of the Winnipeg Capital Region , with more than sixty percent of Manitoba 's population .
In other cases , a person 's gender identity may contrast sharply with that assigned to them according to their genitalia , and\/or a person 's gendered appearance as a woman or man ( or an androgynous person , etc. ) in public may not coincide with their physical sex .
Lisbourg is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait , to the west by the Tasman Sea , to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean .
It was discovered by Charles Walcott and was first described by him in 1911 .
The earliest history of the cotton gin is ambiguous because archeologists likely mistook the cotton gin 's parts for other tools .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large , wolf-like breed of domestic dog ( Canis lupus familiaris ) originally bred for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
In 2001 , he received a US $ 250,000 Heinz Environment Award for his research on global warming , and was listed as one of Time Magazine 's 100 Most Influential People in 2006 .
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase ( born Daveigh Elizabeth Schwallier ; July 24 , 1990 ) is an Annie Award-winning American actress , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing Rhonda Volmer in the HBO series Big Love , Samara Morgan in The Ring and Lilo Pelekai in Lilo & Stitch .
The coat of arms shows a horse in the top , referring to the horse breeding station in Redefin as well as the tradition of horse breeding in the area in general .
Based in Round Rock , Texas , Dell employs more than 76,500 people worldwide .
Pakistani rock is a form of rock music that is largely produced in Pakistan .
Near the entrance to the zoo , next to the Exploration and Discovery Center for Education , is the coral reef exhibit , with exotic fish , crustaceans , eels , and corals .
Turmalina was produced by Latin record producer Kike Santander and is a combination of rhythms such as rock , pop and some sort of reminiscent of the 70 's and 80 's sounds .
Brookport is a city in Massac County , Illinois , United States .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
The university occupies with the central campus resting on approximately .
The gluttonous King Dedede has stolen all of the food from the inhabitants of Dream Land for a midnight feast , so Kirby , a resident of Dream Land , goes to retrieve the food and stop Dedede .
Bremer graduated from Yale University in 1963 and went on to earn an MBA from Harvard University in 1966 .
She was united to Juan Gris in a life-long and intimate friendship .
Most mud volcanoes in this region are situated in out-of-reach areas having very difficult terrain . Dormant mud volcanoes stand like columns of mud in many other areas .
Most likely he was a singer in the local cathedral from his boyhood , and he became master of choristers there in 1583 .
East Coast blues casts a wide net covering all of Piedmont blues - a style that relied on fast , virtuosic fingerpicking and added influences such as ragtime - as well as the urbanized R&B of New York blues and countless smaller regional styles .
At first Jeux was overshadowed by Igor Stravinsky 's The Rite of Spring , composed in the same year as Jeux and premiered only two weeks later by the same ballet company .
Mondrepuis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It has been claimed as the title of rulers in Muslim countries and empires and is still used for some Muslim leaders .
The Portugal national football team represents Portugal in association football and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation , the governing body for football in Portugal .
As they are considered important to the Muslim community , mosques , like other places of worship , can be at the heart of social conflicts .
At an elevation of 877 m , it is the highest point in both the Kingdom of the Netherlands , and , since the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles on 10 October 2010 , the highest point in the Netherlands proper .
In 1998 , she appeared as Melissa Hauer in a first-season episode of the Steven Bochco crime-drama Brooklyn South , as Leanne in two episodes of Beverly Hills , 90210 , and as Layla in an episode of The Love Boat : The Next Wave .
Ross is a restaurateur , professional wrestling commentator and former company executive currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) working on its SmackDown brand as the color commentator .
In the battle against Ozai , Sokka with Suki and Toph hijack a fire nation airship and use it to run into many of the other airships ( similar to dominoes ) while Aang duels with the Phoenix King ( Ozai ) .
'' All at Once '' is a song by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray and is the fourth track and fourth single from their debut album , How to Save a Life .
In 2001 , Rattle conducted the OAE at Glyndebourne in their first production of Fidelio with a period-instrument orchestra .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
Further south , 6 k from Pichilemu , Punta de Lobos features a beach sheltered from the southern winds .
This would later become El Paso , Texas .
Chouain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Recent history The Estates Theatre currently offers performances of dramas , ballets and operas with the focus of the opera company on the work of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
The five main moons are Miranda , Ariel , Umbriel , Titania and Oberon .
It was first launched to the public in Holland , and received the '' 2006 International Van of the Year '' award by an international jury from 19 countries .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
It includes the drama of William Shakespeare , Christopher Marlowe and many other world-famous playwrights .
It developed out of a previously non-tropical low on May 9 about 150 miles ( 240 km ) northeast of Daytona Beach , Florida , three weeks before the official start of the season .
It is now a museum .
William Thomas '' Bill '' Medley ( born September 19 , 1940 ) is an American singer and songwriter , best known as one half of The Righteous Brothers singing duo .
Feminine ( Danielle , Daniela , Dani , Danitza as a variation ) given names are prevalent as well .
His father , Robert Gamble Cabell II ( 1847 -- 1922 ) , was a physician , and his mother , Anne Harris ( 1859 -- 1915 ) , was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch .
A typhus epidemic occurs in Edinburgh and Glasgow .
The symbol for the penny is '' p '' ; hence an amount such as 50p ( # 0.50 ) is usually pronounced '' fifty pee '' rather than '' fifty pence '' .
Retrieved 1 August 2007 The largest island is Hirta , whose sea cliffs are the highest in the United Kingdom .
Casimir III of Poland is succeeded jointly by his sister , Elisabeth of Kujavia , and her son , Louis I of Hungary , beginning the rule of Poland by the Capet-Anjou family .
Later , when the German and Italian armies were allied during the Second World War , Rommel tempered his initial disdain of Italian soldiers when he realised that their lack of success in battle was principally due to poor leadership and equipment , which when overcome , easily made them equal to German forces .
'' Nobody 's Home '' peaked lower in most countries than some of Lavigne 's previous singles , but managed to gain some respectable chart positions .
He was one of the leading figures in the Yiddish literary movement , and received the Nobel Prize in literature in 1978 .
Although Dick spent most of his career as a writer in near-poverty , nine of his stories have been adapted into popular films since his death , including Blade Runner , Total Recall , A Scanner Darkly and Minority Report .
The full grand ducal style was Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach , Landgrave in Thuringia , Margrave of Meissen , Princely Count of Henneberg , Lord of Blankenhayn , Neustadt and Tautenburg .
Matthew Joseph Korklan ( born March 19 , 1983 ) is an American professional wrestler , also known as Matt Sydal and Evan Bourne . He is signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) and wrestles on its Raw brand under the ring name Evan Bourne .
It has a population of approximately 23,000 inhabitants .
Despite its name , based on a Berber expression meaning '' place of the winds '' , the city was selected as the capital city for its moderate climate and central location within the country .
It is often coated with icing or marzipan made to look like carrots .
Some other Internet security systems in widespread use , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) and Secure Shell ( SSH ) , operate in the upper layers of these models .
Sandals are an open type of outdoor footwear , consisting of a sole held to the wearer 's foot by straps or thongs passing over the instep and around the ankle .
Gennevilliers , since 1995 Wieliczka , since 1995 Other websites Official Website of the city of Bergkamen Website of the the mayor of Bergkamen Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
He read Classics at Balliol College , Oxford , as a Brackenbury scholar and was elected President of the Oxford Union at his second attempt .
Polar moment of inertia should not be confused with moment of inertia , which characterizes an object 's angular acceleration due to a torque .
The long , thin snout of Sarcosuchus was very similar to the thin snouts of the modern gharial , the false gharial and the slender-snouted crocodile , all of which are nearly exclusive fish-eaters and incapable of tackling large prey .
This was due to the depression being located within an environment very conducive for development , specifically low amounts of wind shear and very warm water temperatures .
Other members over the years include Roger Corbett , Fred Kuhnl , drummer Gregory Martin , Steve Groves , Pete Farndon , Dave Mattacks , Michael Harris , Louis McManus , Eddy van Roosendael , Freddie Strauks ( ex Skyhooks ) and world renowned Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
In the United States , migrant worker is commonly used to describe low-wage workers performing manual labor in the agriculture field ; these are often immigrants who do not have valid work visas .
They have also finished the home and away season in last position a record 26 times .
The Bengal Fox ( Vulpes bengalensis ) , also known as the Indian Fox , is a fox endemic to the Indian subcontinent and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern India and from southern and eastern Pakistan to eastern India and southeastern Bangladesh .
In 1884 he went into exile in England and also traveled to the USA .
Cambridge , Massachusetts : Harvard University Press , 1998 .
Chelsea Victoria Clinton ( born February 27 , 1980 ) is the only child of former U.S. President Bill Clinton and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Jeter was born in Pequannock , New Jersey in 1974 . His father , Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter , a substance abuse counselor , is African American ; his mother , Dorothy , is Caucasian and of Irish\/German descent .
History of RoundersAlice Bertha Gomme , Traditional Games of England , Scotland and Ireland , Volume 2 , 1898 Especially amongst girls , the game is popular in the UK and Ireland for schoolchildren .
Lapeyrouse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Eisenstein never saw any of the Sinclair-Lesser films , nor a later effort by his first biographer , Marie Seton , called Time in the Sun .
A gangster or mobster is a criminal who is a member of a crime organization , such as a gang .
Miami Dolphins ( -- )
Land in Southwest Alaska is owned and managed mainly by the Federal government , the State of Alaska , and Alaska Native Regional Corporations including Calista , Cook Inlet , Bristol Bay , Aleut , and Koniag . There is little private land , other than that owned by the Native Corps .
Magicians A magician is any practitioner of magic ; therefore a magician may be a specialist or a common practitioner , even if he or she does not consider himself a magician .
In paintball , a bunker is an obstacle on the field of play used to block opposing players ' view and field of fire .
This list consists of players who have appeared in Major League Baseball .
The roots of a tree are generally embedded in earth , providing anchorage for the above-ground biomass and absorbing water and nutrients from the soil .
It was the site of a monastery ( circa 632 ) and has a High Cross .
Her 1945 scat recording of Flying Home ( arranged by Vic Schoen ) would later be described by The New York Times as '' one of the most influential vocal jazz records of the decade ... Where other singers , most notably Louis Armstrong , had tried similar improvisation , no one before Miss Fitzgerald employed the technique with such dazzling inventiveness . ''
In 1935 he testified for the defense in the trial of Albert Fish , declaring him insane .
The stadium is named in honor of Giuseppe Meazza , the two-time World Cup winner ( 1934 , 1938 ) who played for Internazionale , and briefly for Milan , in the 1930s and 1940s .
A common name for this type of fruit is a pod , although '' pod '' is also applied to a few other fruit types , such as vanilla and radish .
en .
Usually the river is a string of waterholes , but it can become a raging torrent during rare flood events .
, she is ranked third in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
National Football Conference ( 1970 -- present )
The Circle Jerks are an American punk band , formed circa 1979 in Hermosa Beach , California .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC\/DC , released in March 1977 .
In December , 2007 the band released a video of them walking around Carnaby Street , London to the single '' The Beginning of the Twist '' .
Youngs , 15-16 , 125 Myths and symbolism Folk legend claims that Christianity in Britain was founded by St. Joseph of Arimathea at Glastonbury ; legend also states that King Arthur is buried in his ruined abbey .
There are four species of Tapirs : the Brazilian Tapir , the Malayan Tapir , Baird 's Tapir and the Mountain Tapir .
The first recorded use of grey as a color name in English was in 700 AD .
Glamis Castle is situated beside the village of Glamis ( ) in Angus , Scotland .
A tree begins to bear when it is four or five years old .
Beliefs about the soul and afterlife focused heavily on preservation of the body .
Pearl Harbor , or Pu ` uloa , is a lagoon harbor on the island of Oahu , Hawaii , west of Honolulu . Much of the harbor and surrounding lands is a United States Navy deep-water naval base .
DeAndre Cortez Way ( born July 28 , 1990 ) , better known by his stage name Soulja Boy Tell 'Em , or simply Soulja Boy , is an American rapper and record producer .
Software packages that use one of the versions of the MIT License include Expat , PuTTY , the Mono development platform class libraries , Ruby on Rails , Lua ( from version 5.0 onwards ) , and the X Window System , for which the license was written .
At 4 megabits , it was one of the largest games on the Game Boy at the time of its release and 8 times larger than its predecessor 's capacity .
Other members over the years include Roger Corbett , Fred Kuhnl , drummer Gregory Martin , Steve Groves , Pete Farndon , Dave Mattacks , Michael Harris , Louis McManus , Eddy van Roosendael , Freddie Strauks ( ex Skyhooks ) and world renowned Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
In addition to the officially supported filesystems , Acronis True Image also provides raw sector backup and restore options for all other filesystems .
According to the Joshua Bell website , Bell '' was practically in tears . ''
Its capital is the city of Bern , which contains around half the population .
Dededo is the most populated village of the US territory of Guam .
He has played in Czech Republic , Germany , and England .
In the United States and Canada , this time zone is generically called Mountain Time ( MT ) .
Richard Peter Witschge ( born 20 September 1969 in Amsterdam , Noord-Holland ) is a former Dutch footballer .
Joaquim Dos Santos is an American television director of animated cartoons , best known for his directing work on Justice League Unlimited and Avatar : The Last Airbender .
The area is located approximately 8 miles south east of Charing Cross , and offers impressive views over the capital .
Often , scraps and trimmings that would ordinarily have been fed to a dog or discarded were instead ground , seasoned , refrigerated and later consumed by the farmer as an inexpensive , high-protein morning meal .
Biogas typically refers to a gas produced by the biological breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen .
Walk of Life is the second album by pop singer Billie Piper , released in 2000 .
The Korean peninsula had been ruled by Japan from 1910 until the end of World War II .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
Plaque placed by the city of Barcelona on the street where Carreras was born In 1951 , his family emigrated to Argentina in an unsuccessful search for a better life .
Vierzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The channel windows can be split in two subwindows , one for chat messages and the other for commands like joins\/parts\/mode changes .
Oliver Wolcott ( December 1 , 1726December 1 , 1797 ) was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and also the Articles of Confederation as a representative of Connecticut .
The West German Federal government officially called West Berlin '' Berlin ( West ) '' , whereas the East German government commonly referred to it as '' Westberlin '' ; it began to use '' Berlin ( West ) '' only in the late 1980s .
The major industries in San Marino is tourism .
From 18 June to 7 September 2008 , Cockatoo Island was a venue for the Biennale of Sydney , Australia 's Festival of Contemporary Art , with 35 artists utilising buildings and sites across the island to display contemporary art .
After the government ceased NYA operations , Robinson traveled to Honolulu in fall 1941 to play football for the semi-professional , racially integrated Honolulu Bears .
Mania , the presence of which is a criterion for certain psychiatric diagnoses , is a state of abnormally elevated or irritable mood , arousal , and \/O/ or energy levels .
She created a wing to the home that became a presidential library of his papers .
After its defeat in 1939 , Casals vowed not to return to Spain until democracy had been restored , although he did not live to see the end of the Franco dictatorial regime .
Other releases are a fourth Analogue Bubblebath ; GAK , derived from early demos sent to Warp Records ; and Classics , a compilation album that includes '' Digeridoo '' and the Xylem Tube EP .
Chrome will typically allocate each tab to fit into its own process to '' prevent malware from installing itself '' or '' using what happens in one tab to affect what happens in another '' , however the actual process allocation model is more complex .
Land elevations generally slope from northeast to southwest , following the general shape of the Hindu Kush massif , from its highest point in the Pamir Mountains near the Chinese border to the lower elevations near the border with Iran .
In 1832 , Michael Faraday published the results of his experiment on the identity of electricities , which proved that the electricity induced using a magnet , voltaic electricity produced by a battery , and static electricity were all the same .
But , having attracted the notice of Lucius Valerius Flaccus , he was brought to Rome , and successively held the offices of Cursus Honorum : Military tribune ( 214 BC ) , Quaestor ( 204 BC ) , Aedile ( 199 BC ) , Praetor ( 198 BC ) , Consul ( 195 BC ) together with his old patron , and finally Censor ( 184 BC ) .
Krakowski 1994 , p. 50 .
Amazon did not sell the Kindle First Generation outside the United States . Plans for a launch in the UK and other European countries were delayed by problems with signing up suitable wireless network operators .
Paris Saint-Germain Football Club or PSG , is a French football club based in Paris .
USS Downes ( DD-375 ) , a US Navy destroyer during World War II
The word is derived from ` pahar ' meaning mountain .
This record was set prior to the ground 's conversion to an all-seater stadium in 1994 ; the changes , which were a result of the Taylor Report , greatly reduced capacity .
With the war approaching Moscow , Eisenstein was one of many filmmakers evacuated to Alma-Ata , where he first considered the idea of making a film about Czar Ivan IV .
Huggins built a private observatory at 90 Upper Tulse Hill , South London from where he and his wife carried out extensive observations of the spectral emission lines and absorption lines of various celestial objects .
Static discharge The spark associated with static electricity is caused by electrostatic discharge , or simply static discharge , as excess charge is neutralized by a flow of charges from or to the surroundings .
The is a 32-bit handheld video game console developed , manufactured , and marketed by Nintendo .
The highest mountains in Wales are in Snowdonia ( Eryri ) , and include Snowdon ( Yr Wyddfa ) , which , at 1085 m ( 3,560 ft ) is the highest peak in Wales .
Authie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
New Amsterdam was formally incorporated as a city on February 2 , 1653 .
Although not issued as a single in either the United Kingdom or the United States , a regional subsidiary of Capitol successfully edited it as a single in Central America , having '' Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' as its B side .
Image : Illu repdt male .
In this meaning , the term cryptosystem is used as shorthand for '' cryptographic system '' .
The Doric order was one of the three orders or organizational systems of ancient Greek or classical architecture ; the other two canonical orders were the Ionic and the Corinthian .
ISBN 1-872639-46-1 Another suggested influence is the six-string Scandinavian lut ( lute ) , which gained in popularity in areas of Viking incursions across medieval Europe .
Saint-Symphorien is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Meowth , known as in original Japanese language versions , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
There is little reliable information about the lifespan of the koala , but in captivity they have been observed to reach the age of 18 years .
Professor Baud , who on request of the Dutch Parliament did an inquiry in the involvement of Zorreguieta , concluded that it would have been unlikely for a person in such a powerful position in the government to be unaware of the Dirty War .
Also , see the list of operating systems for all types of operating systems .
She divorced Lennon in 1968 , after he left her for the artist Yoko Ono .
On June 12 , Campos Meta were named by the FIA as one of three new teams granted entry to the 2010 season , along with US F1 Team and Manor Grand Prix .
It is one of the most platform-independent media players available , with versions for Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X , GNU , Linux , BeOS , and BSD .
The evacuated luxury liner capsized and sank the following morning .
Toru Yoshikawa ( born December 13 , 1961 ) is a former Japanese football player .
On the vinyl record version of the album , side A holds songs 1-8 while side B holds songs 9-13 , further highlighting the stylistic split in the album .
The Tudor period of stability in the country saw the building of the first of the unfortified great houses .
Robert H. Cobb , owner of the Brown Derby and the creator of the Cobb salad
There are millions of different types of viruses , although only about 5,000 of them have been described in detail .
Granning was knocked unconscious and suffered a severe concussion , the result of which left him unable to play football ever again .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad Lora Union Council takes it name from the main village of area .
The sepals and petals usually number three each and may be distinct or joined at the base .
Powderfinger 's fourth studio album , Odyssey Number Five , was released in September 2000 , shortly after they were asked to write songs for the soundtracks of two films ; Two Hands and Mission : Impossible II .
It is often used to add flavor to foods .
After months of speculation , on October 2 , 2006 it was confirmed that the event would actually take place in , and would be hosted by the Korean International Circuit , set to be built between 2007 and July 2010 .
Berlinsky was born in Irkutsk , Siberia , on January 19 , 1925 .
He is best known for his starring role as Ash in the Evil Dead trilogy of horror-slapstick movies .
It was founded in 1997 by Gerry Ford , an INSEAD alumnus , and runs more than 360 shops nationwide .
During the war , Alfred Rosenberg proposed Backe as administrator of the Ukraine Reichskommissariat .
He was replaced by Lucio Pedrazzi .
In addition a third system , Tropical Storm Guillermo , weakened to a remnant low just to the east of the Central Pacific Hurricane Center 's area of responsibility .
Chicago Bears ( -- )
In January 1886 , Lenin 's father , a schoolmaster , died of a cerebral hemorrhage , and , in May 1887 , when Lenin was 17 years old , his eldest brother Alexander was arrested and hanged for participating in a terrorist bomb plot threatening the life of Tsar Alexander III .
UISA ( Microcode Instruction Set Architecture ) -- a family of machines with different hardware level microarchitectures may share a common microcode architecture , and hence a UISA .
Further Reading External links Extensive data regarding road rage and driving behavior can be found at the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) website .
Bargeddie is a small town near Glasgow , Scotland , located east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways , situated 2 miles ( 3 km ) west of Coatbridge town centre .
id : lightgrey value : gray (/O0.9/O)
It was released in 1976 , and was the first album of the band to attract attention outside Europe .
The towns of Moapa , Logandale and Overton are located in the valley .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game available for PlayStation 2 , Game Boy Advance and Xbox , based on the Barbie line of dolls by Mattel .
Soundgarden cancelled several shows to avoid causing any permanent damage .
The body was hand-laid fiberglass which actually hid Roth 's extensive chrome work to the chassis .
Ongar tube station is a former London Underground station in the town of Chipping Ongar , Essex .
John Campbell Ross ( 11 March 1899 -- 3 June 2009 ) was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War .
November 27 & ndash ; At the Battle of Roosebeke , a French army under Louis II of Flanders defeats the Flemings led by Philip van Artevelde .
Henry Daglish ( 18 November 1866 -- 16 August 1920 ) was the sixth Premier of Western Australia and the state 's first Labor Premier .
June 20 & ndash ; The Oei Invasion of Tsushima Island in Japan by Joseon Korea begins .
The meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at Sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations .
It was the birthplace of FM radio and the laser .
Marlon Mario Brandao da Silveira , or simply Marlon ( born 26 January 1987 ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Minden is a city in Pottawattamie County , Iowa , United States .
She came to professional prominence at the age of eleven with her portrayal of Sheryl Yoast in Disney 's Remember the Titans , although for half of her life immediately before that , Panettiere had held roles in two soap operas .
Frederick was the leader of the association of Protestant princes in the Holy Roman Empire known as the Evangelical Union , and Elizabeth was married to him in an effort to increase James 's ties to these princes .
Africa Kingdom of Aksum , centered in modern day Ethiopia and Eritrea , is founded ( approximate date ) .
See Mount Olivet Cemetery for other cemeteries with this name .
April 23 -- 212th anniversary of William Shakespeare 's birth , and 160th anniversary of his death .
The first step is to tally the votes , for which various different vote counting systems and ballot types are used .
The animated series The Super Mario Bros. .
The song reached the number 9 position in the Dutch Top 40 , and the number 3 position in Belgium .
Brno is the traditional capital city of Moravia and the second largest city in the Czech Republic .
, pronounced with an open vocal tract so that there is no build-up of air pressure at any point above the glottis .
Faridpur is notable for its rich zamindari history .
Different people have different sensitivities to the gag reflex .
Initially , development was slow due to its large size , though convection steadily organized .
Anastasia potentially would have passed on the disease if she had lived to have children .
Stephanie Kay Panabaker ( born May 2 , 1990 ) is an American film and television actress .
It is not used up immediately in the process of production unlike raw materials or intermediate goods .
The Chinese refer to the river as '' the Mother River '' and '' the cradle of the Chinese civilization '' .
On May 16 , 2006 , Jean-Pascal Roux from Bédoin broke the record of climbs in 24 hours , with eleven climbs , all of them from Bédoin Site from Velo101 .
He remained chief conductor until 1950 , when Malcolm Sargent took over ( holding the post until 1957 ) .
Measuring around 48 cm ( 19 in ) in length , it is mostly olive-green and has a large narrow curved grey-brown upper beak .
Thus without political influence , Marguerite Louise oversaw the education of her eldest son , Grand Prince Ferdinando .
Emmanuel Eboué ( born 4 June 1983 ) is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays for Premier League club Arsenal .
'' Medicine and Psychiatry in Western Culture : Ancient Greek myths and modern prejudices '' ( pdf ) , Annals of General Psychiatry 2009 , 8:21 doi :10.1186 \/O/ 1744-859X-8-21 , Freeman , Derek .
If you can not see the image , make sure cookies are enabled in your browser .
Traffic lights , which may also be known as stoplights , traffic lamps , traffic signals , stop-and-go lights , robots or semaphore , are signalling devices positioned at road intersections , pedestrian crossings and other locations to control competing flows of traffic . Traffic lights have been installed in most cities around the world .
She was also the mother of Stephen , King of England and Henry of Blois , Bishop of Winchester .
One of Jesus ' famous teaching episodes , the Sermon on the Mount , is supposed to have been given on a hill overlooking the lake .
Twofish 's distinctive features are the use of pre-computed key-dependent S-boxes , and a relatively complex key schedule .
The people notice that Deianeira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city .
Their works are produced by Avex Trax .
Tolan ( 2002 ) xv , xvi , 41 In the medieval period , a few Arab philosophers like the poet Al-Ma ` arri adopted a critical approach to Islam , and the Jewish philosopher Maimonides contrasted Islamic views of morality to Jewish views that he himself elaborated .
Morrell describes seal hunting activities continuing along this putative coast during the remainder of the day .
Smokey 's debut poster was released on August 9 , 1944 , which is considered his anniversary date .
Since 4 is not a prime number , 12 is factorized as 3 x 2 x 2 .
Total Request Live ( commonly known as TRL ) is a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos .
The element is often referred to as element 114 , for its atomic number .
After a quarrel , witnessed by journalist Walter Winchell , the couple returned to California where they avoided the press for two weeks , until Monroe announced that they had separated .
However , the band 's fourth studio album , Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends ( 2008 ) , was produced by Brian Eno and released again to largely favourable reviews , earning several Grammy nominations and wins .
In the United States , the song was released on January 20 , 2009 as the album 's fourth single .
Cameron Corner is a remote but popular tourist destination where the states of New South Wales , South Australia and Queensland meet .
Overseas Ahmadiyya missionary activities started at an organised level as early as 1913 ( the UK mission in Putney , London ) .
Since 1994 , the Blackhawks have played their home games at the United Center after having spent 65 years playing at Chicago Stadium .
Martignas-sur-Jalle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
Kabaddi and hockey are also played with fervor .
It was the 1900th year of the Anno Domini or the Common Era designation , the 900th year of the 2nd millennium , and the last year of the 19th century but the first year of the 1900s .
Apart from Guinea , which chose by referendum in 1958 not to join , all French-ruled territories in sub-Saharan Africa joined the new Community .
Some of these are shared with the related Venus flytrap ( Dionaea muscipula ) , which suggests a close evolutionary relationship .
Vascular plants ( also known as tracheophytes or higher plants ) are those plants that have lignified tissues for conducting water , minerals , and photosynthetic products through the plant .
The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 - 5 days .
After Rouzet , who after his liberation had become a member of the Council of Five Hundred , succeeded , in 1796 , to secure her liberation and that of her two sons still imprisoned in Marseille , the two always remained together and lived in Paris until 1797 , when a decree banished the remaining members of the House of Bourbon from France .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
The word ` mistletoe ' ( Old English mistiltan ) is of uncertain etymology ; it may be related to German Mist , for dung and Tang for branch , since mistletoe can be spread in the feces of birds moving from tree to tree .
country of origin and native land ) is the concept of the place ( cultural geography ) to which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association with -- the country in which a particular national identity began .
In military logistics , logistics officers manage how and when to move resources to the places they are needed .
Political career In 1952 , Genscher fled to West Germany , where he joined the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
All but the shortest are divided into chapters , generally a page or so in length .
With a population of 89,071 ( 1 January 2010 ) , the Kolding municipality is the seventh largest in Denmark .
As with size , the average lifespan of an eagle population appears to be influenced by its location . A species placed in the genus Haliaeetus ( sea eagles ) which gets both its common and scientific names from the distinctive appearance of the adult 's head .
The Tanggula railway station ( ) is a railway station located in Amdo County , Tibet Autonomous Region , China .
Zigman mentioned that there are similarities between the music he composed for Bridge to Terabithia and the film Flicka in that '' ... at times there 's a bit of a Celtic influence but not much '' , but he also went on to say that there was a more modern feel to the music he composed for Bridge to Terabithia .
In 1918 , Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
Later that day , President Bush praised Gonzales for his service , reciting the numerous positions in Texas government , and later , the government of the United States , to which Bush had appointed Gonzales .
It was developed by Nintendo and was released on January 18 , 2008 in Europe as a budget-priced retail title .
Characteristics of flow While the definition of hypersonic flow can be quite vague and is generally debatable ( especially due to the lack of discontinuity between supersonic and hypersonic flows ) , a hypersonic flow may be characterized by certain physical phenomena that can no longer be analytically discounted as in supersonic flow .
A thermodynamic state is a set of values of properties of a thermodynamic system that must be specified to reproduce the system .
BBC Radio 4 Extra , formerly known as BBC 7 and BBC Radio 7 , is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy , drama , and children 's programming nationally 24 hours a day .
No force , either of attraction or of repulsion , can be observed between an electrified body and a body not electrified .
Boleslaus I of Poland becomes duke of Bohemia and Moravia .
By late 2002 , it had reached 26 language editions , 46 by the end of 2003 , and 161 by the final days of 2004 .
Atomic weights of elements with atomic numbers from 1-109 taken from this source .
Courpiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Hub Dam is a large water storage reservoir constructed in 1981 on the River in the arid plains north of Karachi .
Nectar produced outside the flower is generally made to attract predatory insects .
The term pizza pie is dialectal , and pie is used for simplicity in some contexts , such as among pizzeria staff .
Some stock examples might include a character having a new job ( or losing one ) , a character gets a new love interest ( or an existing relationship either ends or enters a new phase ) , children entering a new school , the core group of characters move to a new home ( or hangout , etc. ) ... and the list goes on .
Her role as Lorelei Lee , a gold-digging showgirl , required her to act , sing , and dance .
The capital and largest city of Hawaii is Honolulu on the island named Oahu .
The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 4000 BC in the watershed of the river Karun .
Mainland China
In mathematics , a convex regular 4-polytope ( or polychoron ) is 4-dimensional polytope which is both regular and convex .
The Mirvans finally return to the country , taking Evelina and Mme .
He glances at the size of Stallone 's biceps on the poster then feels his own and laughs at how much smaller Stallone 's are .
Alleghany County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The reproductive purpose of the penis is to enable sperm to be carried from the testicles into a woman 's body so that a sperm can fuse together with the woman 's ovum ( egg cell ) to form a new cell that will later grow into a baby .
Ability to read\/write OpenDocument ( ODF ) , Excel ( XLS ) , CSV , and several other formats .
( Krips was raised a Roman Catholic , but would have been excluded from musical activity because his father was born Jewish ) .
They have two sons : Julius Robert Bay Tapert ( born October 16 1999 ) and Judah Miro Tapert ( born May 7 2002 ) .
Stallone has also mentioned that he would like to adapt a Nelson DeMille novel , The Lion 's Game .
Agriculture is the production , processing , marketing , and use of foods , fibers and byproducts from plant crops and animals .
He is best known for his novel The Master and Margarita , which The Times of London has called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1921/1922 season .
Railway building began at Derby Works in 1840 , when the North Midland Railway , the Midland Counties Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Railway set up engine sheds as part of their Tri Junct Station .
The President of Serbia is the head of state of Serbia .
Soloists sing the words of various characters , also in recitative ; in addition to Jesus , there are named parts for Judas , Peter , two high priests , Pontius Pilate , Pilate 's wife , two witnesses and two ancillae ( maids ) .
In his 2006 book The God Delusion , Dawkins contends that a supernatural creator almost certainly does not exist and that faith qualifies as a delusion as a fixed false belief .
Antennae ( singular : antenna ) are paired appendages connected to the front-most segments of arthropods .
Other notable buildings include the nursing home , the Junction Hotel , Finn 's Building , the Victoria Hotel , the former Bank of NSW and the former CBC Bank .
The Action Fraud website also has an A-Z of fraud describing different types of fraud , and offers prevention advice .
The city , formerly the home of the Russian then Soviet Black Sea Fleet , is now home to a Ukrainian naval base and a Russian naval base in facilities leased by the Russian Navy . The headquarters of both the Ukrainian Naval Forces and Russia 's Black Sea Fleet are located in the city .
Conchil-le-Temple is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Methodism in both forms was a highly successful evangelical movement in the United Kingdom , which encouraged people to experience Jesus Christ personally .
This seat served to punish not only scolds , but also brewers and bakers who sold bad ale or bread , whereas the ducking stool dunked its victim into the water .
In 1951 , Leonard Bernstein conducted the world premiere of Ives 's Second Symphony in a broadcast concert by the New York Philharmonic ; the Iveses heard the performance on their cook 's radio and were amazed at the audience 's warm reception to the music .
\/O/ \* Removes underlines from certain links \* \/O/ .
Often the harmonizations are taken from the final sections of cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach .
This paper also contained the Riemann hypothesis , a conjecture about the distribution of complex zeros of the Riemann zeta function that is considered by many mathematicians to be the most important unsolved problem in pure mathematics .
Following the World War II Japanese occupation , Indonesian nationalists declared Indonesian independence in 1945 .
In a musical score , the time signature appears at the beginning of the piece , as a time symbol or stacked numerals ( such as or 3\/4 ) immediately following the key signature ( or immediately following the clef if the piece is in C major , A minor , or a modal subset ) .
Heinrich Louis d'Arrest ( July 13 , 1822 - June 14 , 1875 ; ) was a German astronomer , born in Berlin .
Wilfred Bouma ( born 15 June 1978 ) in Helmond , North Brabant is a Dutch international footballer who plays for PSV Eindhoven .
Fontet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The holding of this plebiscite , which India initially supported , was dismissed by India because the 1952 elected Constituent Assembly of Jammu and Kashmir voted in favor of confirming the Kashmir region 's accession to India . Another reason for the abandonment of the referendum is because demographic changes , after 1947 , have been effected in Pakistan-administered Kashmir , as generations of Pakistani individuals non-native to the region have been allowed to take residence in Pakistan-administered Kashmir .
nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu was a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system LiveCD and Full Installer and remaster it with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks .
Like the other languages of South India , it is a Dravidian language , unrelated to the Indo-European languages of northern India .
Kyle Martino ( born February 19 , 1981 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is a retired American soccer player and currently a TV soccer color analyst .
It was unveiled in August 2003 in a ceremony attended by 2,008 people at Beijing 's Temple of Heaven .
The 20th century saw great leaps forward in chess theory and the establishment of the World Chess Federation ( FIDE ) .
Officer is a railway station in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , located in the suburb of Officer , on the Pakenham railway line .
For messages sent through a nonsecure channel , a properly implemented digital signature gives the receiver reason to believe the message was sent by the claimed sender .
The Princes Freeway is a , 2 section freeway , which links Melbourne to Geelong on the west ( ) and Morwell on the east ( ) .
Almost a decade after the sports injury , Ozawa won the first prize at the International Competition of Orchestra Conductors in Besancon , France .
He later reported the discoveries of four more satellites , although they were subsequently revealed as spurious .
Manuel Friedrich ( born 13 September 1979 in Bad Kreuznach ) is a German football defender .
At first organised into its own département , it was merged with Drenthe in 1798 to form Ouden IJssel , which was renamed Overijssel in 1801 .
The four largest moons , known as the '' Galilean moons '' , are Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .
( x + y ) ^ n & = { n choose 0 } x ^ n y ^ 0 + { n choose 1 } x ^ { n-1 } y ^ 1 + { n choose 2 } x ^ { n-2 } y ^ 2 + { n choose 3 } x ^ { n-3 } y ^ 3 + cdots
Zulte is a Belgian municipality located in Flanders and in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Duke Nukem 3D features the adventures of the titular macho Duke Nukem ( voiced by Jon St. John ) , who fights back an alien invasion on Earth .
His family was not well off .
The song refers to the comic book character Silver Surfer .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
U.S. Route 395 also goes through the center of the city .
Every year , the NCC of Singapore organises its annual shooting competition [ ] .
It contains a wildlife park ( Willers Mill , a.k.a. Shepreth Wildlife Park ) , a nature reserve , Shepreth L-Moor , and one of the UK 's only insect research laboratories .
Monchiet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Son House himself alleged that he was middle aged during World War I , and , more specifically , that he was 79 in 1965 , which would mean that he was born around 1886 .
The Russian Revolution had also begun to influence Indians .
The novel is also known as '' novelty writing '' which conciliates dystopia and utopia .
Banks inherited a large fortune , and was able to hire his own team to help collect , package and transport his finds .
Jefferson died on July 4 , 1826 , the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration of Independence , and a few hours before John Adams .
It is located on the west coast of the island and adjacent to Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte , the capital .
The Polish family appears and Aschenbach determines that they must not find out about the cholera outbreak for fear that they will leave .
The Beatles began recording '' Golden Slumbers '' \/O/ '' Carry That Weight '' as one piece on 2 July 1969 .
Additionally , other comedians and celebrities appeared as guests on the panel when others were away .
The car maker built tens of thousands of successful racing and road cars and won the Formula One World Championship seven times .
Since the head wounds inflicted on Olga and Tatiana were instantly fatal , it is likely that Maria , perhaps only unconscious , was the sister who screamed , while Anastasia may still have been able to move and moan .
In the minority of patients who experience acute phase symptoms , they are generally mild and nonspecific , and rarely lead to a specific diagnosis of hepatitis C. Symptoms of acute hepatitis C infection include decreased appetite , fatigue , abdominal pain , jaundice , itching , and flu-like symptoms .
The first four of these are classified as primary headaches , groups 5-12 as secondary headaches , cranial neuralgia , central and primary facial pain and other headaches for the last two groups .
It was a clone of its main competitor , the earlier MITS Altair 8800 .
Content The title of the psalm claims that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath .
Cell-surface receptors Cell-surface receptors are integral transmembrane proteins and recognize the vast majority of extracellular signaling molecules .
When service of this line started , the section of the Kwun Tong Line from Chater to Argyle , the present-day Mong Kok station , was transferred to the Tsuen Wan Line .
Like many deep-sea cephalopods , Vampire Squid lack ink sacs .
Leti is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of Talagang Tehsil .
San José de Matanzas ( D.M. )
The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate , the opening of the San Francisco Bay into the Pacific Ocean .
The Arctic Tern ( Sterna paradisaea ) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae .
After the war In the aftermath of World War I , high casualty rates , soaring inflation compounded by heavy taxation , a widespread influenza epidemic , and the disruption of trade during the war escalated human suffering in India .
Uhland is a city in Caldwell and Hays Counties in the U.S. state of Texas .
Philosophy of religion is a branch of philosophy concerned with questions regarding religion , including the nature and existence of God , the examination of religious experience , analysis of religious language and texts , and the relationship of religion and science .
Women 's basketball is one of the few women 's sports that developed in tandem with its men 's counterpart .
Kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , either forming the genus Fortunella , or placed within Citrus sensu lato .
It is the '' lexical companion to Wikipedia '' , and the two often link to each other .
Invented by Herman Hollerith , the machine was developed to help process data for the 1890 U.S. Census .
Geography Scripps Ranch , California , is a coastal/inland community within the City of San Diego .
Rattle was awarded a CBE in 1987 and made a Knight Bachelor in 1994 .
The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Triple H for the WWE Championship , which Cena won after forcing Triple H to submit to the STFU .
They are marine animals with a leathery skin and an elongated body containing a single , branched gonad .
Volkach is a town in the district of Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria .
There are also vegetarian varieties that use textured vegetable protein in place of meat .
At Bayreuth a tradition has arisen that there is no applause after the first act of the opera .
Marchamp is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Dheri is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The plot focuses on John Oldman , a departing teacher who claims to be a Cro-Magnon ( or Magdalenian caveman ) who has somehow survived for over 14,000 years .
Gun dogs are divided into three primary types : Retrievers , flushing dogs , and pointing breeds .
Westport is a coastal town located on Long Island Sound in Fairfield County , Connecticut , 47 miles north of New York City in the United States .
Guided by Voices ( often abbreviated as GBV ) is an American indie rock band originating from Dayton , Ohio .
He has served on numerous judging and advisory panels and has given talks at various institutions including the RIBA , Bartlett School of Architecture , the South Africa Design Indaba conference and the Royal Academy .
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands are two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean situated on the edge of the continental shelf north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Rote .
In reference to the black and white plumage of male ostriches .
This will keep the organs of the dead body , including the heart , functioning and alive for a few days .
Significance Samekh in gematria has the value 60 .
The book , illustrated by Rob Steen , features 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world .
Since D ( ) is a function , it can be evaluated at a point a. By the definition of the derivative function , D ( ) ( a ) = f & prime ; ( a ) .
Vahakn N. Dadrian ( ; born May 26 , 1926 in Constantinople ) , currently the director of Genocide Research at Zoryan Institute , is a professor of sociology , and an internationally-renowned expert on the Armenian genocide .
To provide more power , the B version had a powerful Rolls-Royce Merlon engine put in it .
It was first released in Japan on July 18 , 2001 , and was later released in Europe on March 14 , 2003 , and in North America on June 30 , 2003 .
Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi .
Annaberg-Buchholz is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , in the Erzgebirge , capital of the district Erzgebirgskreis .
Retrieved 2009-07-01 ) Martinsburg is the county seat of Berkeley County and one of the core cities in the Hagerstown-Martinsburg , MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The WEU is led by a Council of Ministers , assisted by a Permanent Representatives Council on ambassadorial level .
Avatar is set in an Asian-influenced world of Chinese martial arts in which psychic elemental manipulation is possible .
Guillory began dating fellow actor Nick Moran in 1997 .
Palynomorphs have been used to date the Arundel Formation to the Aptian-Albian boundary , which is about 112 million years ago .
Events have been organized as dance parties , concerts , and meditations , however , the only mandatory observance is a synchronized mass awareness of the human right to enjoy life , and the display of regard , kindness and hospitality in a means of choice .
The new theater was built on the former location of the church of Santa Maria della Scala , from which the theater gets its name .
She is the recipient of three Tony Awards ( including one for lifetime achievement ) , a Golden Globe and an Oscar nomination .
Haute-Marne is a department located in the east of France in the Champagne-Ardenne region .
Italy had traditionally been exempt from any form of taxation , but Galerius ignored this precedent , and the officers of the revenue already began to number the Roman people , and to settle the proportion of the new taxes .
Unable to maintain its own defense , Maryland appealed to Liberia , its more powerful neighbor , for help .
Differences between various Muslim groups In the history of Muslim theology , there have been theological schools among Muslims displaying both similarities and differences with each other in regard to beliefs .
Myers ( and William James ) posited that a '' true science of mind should seriously take into account all kinds of human experiences before prematurely accepting a theory of mind '' .
There are diaspora and refugee communities in Europe , the former Soviet Union , North America , Australia , New Zealand , Syria , Jordan , and Lebanon .
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
Gears of War 2 is a third-person shooter video game developed by Epic Games with lead design by Cliff Bleszinski , and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 .
'' Luk tru da senta av da muun huen it iz bluu , '' sed haa royal mada in ansa tu haa kueschan .
From 1982 to 1986 , Catherine studied at the University of Sydney , graduating with an honors degree in medieval history .
Royal proclamations , local bylaws , market days , adverts , even selling loaves of sugar were all proclaimed by a bellman or crier throughout the centuries- at Christmas 1798 , the Chester Canal Co. sold some sugar damaged in their packet boat and this was to be advertised by the bellman .
The Cambridge Dictionary defines coalition as : the union of different political parties or groups for a particular purpose , usually for a limited time .
This rule is widely referred to as the '' Brodeur rule , '' after New Jersey Devils goalie Martin Brodeur , whose puckhandling behind the net is believed to be the cause for the rule .
It is the capital of the province of Piacenza .
Reviewers consider it to be fast paced , humorous , full of action , and a blend of the themes of acceptance and family love .
In 1996 , 70 Virginis was discovered to have an extrasolar planet in orbit around it .
Sainte-Marie-Outre-l ` Eau is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Minority language : European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
Cayce 's methods involved lying down and entering into what appeared to be a trance or sleep state , usually at the request of a subject who was seeking help with health or other personal problems ( subjects were not usually present ) .
Nilotic people or Nilotes , in its contemporary usage , refers to some ethnic groups mainly in southern Sudan , Uganda , Kenya , and northern Tanzania , who speak Nilotic languages , a large sub-group of the Nilo-Saharan languages .
With the death of Duke Frederick II , the Babenberg dynasty ends in Austria .
Back at camp , the four are hesitant to vote each other ; but they agreed to end the Tribal Council in a tie , ignoring the consequences and accepting the still-probable existence of the '' Purple Rock '' tie-breaker ( from Survivor : Marquesas ) .
Well is a small village in Hampshire lying between Odiham and Farnham .
CD-R is a Write Once Read Many ( WORM ) optical medium , though the whole disk does not have to be entirely written in the same session .
Manure is organic matter used as organic fertilizer in agriculture .
With 7825 inhabitants ( as of 2008 ) , it is the canton 's seventh largest municipality .
During localization of the game for American audiences , Nintendo of America 's warehouse landlord Mario Segale confronted its then-president Minoru Arakawa , demanding back rent . Following a heated argument in which the Nintendo employees eventually convinced Segale he would be paid , they opted to name the character in the game Mario after him .
The remainder is extremey sparsely populated with about half the population living in very small settlements and cattle ranches .
The song was nominated for two MuchMusic Video Awards for Best international video group and People 's Choice : Favorite international group .
Takuya Honda ( Honda Takuya , born 17 April 1985 in Sagamihara , Kanagawa , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
Australian rules football is a popular sport in Ararat . The Ararat Football Club ( formed in 1871 ) was a founding club of the Wimmera Football League and continues to compete with its most recent premiership in 2001 .
One story says that she was exposed naked in the public square and a miraculous snowfall in mid-spring covered her nudity .
Other band members , such as Jay Bentley , also contribute songs , but these constitute only a small percentage of the Bad Religion catalog .
Other names for the Sea of Galilee are Ginnosar , Lake of Gennesar , Sea of Chinneroth and Sea of Tiberias ( Roman ) .
Leonard Bernstein , who had made his historic , unrehearsed and spectacularly successful debut with the Philharmonic in 1943 , was Music Director for 11 seasons , a time of significant change and growth .
The urban area has around 70 harbour and ocean beaches , including the famous Bondi Beach .
Stormbreaker is a 2006 spy film based on Anthony Horowitz 's novel of the same name , the first novel in the Alex Rider series .
In the 1970s he established a Hindu monastery in Kauai , Hawaii and founded the magazine Hinduism Today .
It has about 275,400 inhabitants , plus approximately 10,000 United States citizens ( mostly associated with the American military ) .
Allstars ' first release , Shake Hands With Shorty , was nominated for a Grammy Award for '' Best Contemporary Blues Album '' .
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini , KSMOM GCTE ( 29 July 1883 - 28 April 1945 ) was an Italian politician who led the National Fascist Party and is credited with being one of the key figures in the creation of Fascism .
Neil Leslie Diamond ( born January 24 , 1941 ) is an American singer-songwriter .
His father was the general manager of an engineering firm and later served with various ministries .
Baldur von Schirach I O O G 20 years Head of the Hitlerjugend from 1933 to 1940 , Gauleiter of Vienna 1940-1943 .
William Hartnell himself suggested that Patrick Troughton should be cast as the new Doctor . In Episode 4 of the serial The Tenth Planet , the First Doctor regenerated into Troughton 's Second Doctor .
Other key components of a software system may use other licenses ; many libraries use the GNU Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) , a more permissive variant of the GPL , and the X.org implementation of the X Window System uses the MIT License .
The studio 20th Century Fox filed a lawsuit against her for half a million dollars , and the studio 's vice president , Peter Levathes , issued a statement saying '' The star system has gotten way out of hand .
For the origins of the technique , development in Asia , and non-artistic use in Europe , see woodblock printing ; for the related technique invented in the 18th century , see wood engraving .
Banbury is a market town and civil parish in the district of Cherwell in northern Oxfordshire , England , located on the River Cherwell .
Some of these players are true USB flash drives as well as music players ; others do not support general-purpose data storage .
In 1979 Premier Neville Wran opened the newly completed Chaffey Dam .
The film 's original title was going to be Lilo & Stitch : A New Ohana .
The capital and principal city was Patiala , and the last Maharaja of Patiala , Yadvindra Singh , served as Rajpramukh ( equivalent to the Governor ) of the state during its short existence .
Notes References George A. Jeffrey .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale : Circular Reasoning or Reliable Tools ?
Alan Turing proved in 1936 that a general algorithm to solve the halting problem for all possible program-input pairs can not exist . We say that the halting problem is undecidable over Turing machines .
For example , in sheep , it may be caused by crowding through doors , or being chased by dogs .
The Papal bull Laudabiliter gives the King of England lordship over Ireland .
The corpus of Mandaean literature , though quite large , covers topics such as eschatology , the knowledge of God , and the afterlife only in an unsystematic manner , and , apart from the priesthood , is known only to a few laypeople .
Pipo de Clown is a character created by writer and artist Wim Meuldijk , which became famous as the lead character of a popular early Dutch television series also written by Meuldijk , and which was subsequently popularized in movies and on records .
Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri ( filius Andreae ) ( 25 November 1666 - 1739 or 1740 ) , Andrea 's younger son , joined his father 's business in Cremona , inheriting it in 1698 .
Printed during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377 , it is the world 's oldest extant movable metal print book .
History The district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Cottbus-Land , Forst , Guben and Spremberg .
Durbuy is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Names that were allocated for the 2001 season but were not assigned are marked in .
A noteworthy property of sulfur is that the viscosity in its molten state , unlike most other liquids , increases above temperatures of due to the formation of polymers .
Three West Ham players were considered an important factor behind England 's triumph in the 1966 World Cup , as England 's captain at the time was West Ham 's Bobby Moore , and both goalscorers in the final were Hammers ' players Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters .
It resembles a traditional naginata , but the main difference was that the handle ( tsuka ) of the nagamaki was not constructed of wood ; it was made more like a katana hilt .
Bristow is a city in Creek County , Oklahoma , United States .
( 1 hPa 100 Pa ) or kilopascals ( 1 kPa 1000 Pa ) .
Messiaen was appointed professor of harmony soon after his release in 1941 , and professor of composition in 1966 at the Paris Conservatoire , positions he held until his retirement in 1978 .
KDCs often operate in systems within which some users may have permission to use certain services at some times and not at others .
The district of Monthey is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Alive III is a live album released by the American hard rock band Kiss in 1993 , and certified gold in 1994 .
He is famous for his Description of Greece ( ) , a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations , and is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
Most air guns use metallic projectiles as ammunition .
Hemoglobin has an oxygen binding capacity of 1.34 ml O2 per gram of hemoglobin , which increases the total blood oxygen capacity seventyfold compared to dissolved oxygen in blood . The mammalian hemoglobin molecule can bind ( carry ) up to four oxygen molecules .
Euston Square tube station on the Circle Line , Hammersmith & City Line and Metropolitan Line is a five-minute walk from the station along Euston Road .
Mr. Biddle reluctantly lets Cordy go to a boarding school as well ( after some prodding from both Cordy and from his Aunt Mary ( Gladys Cooper ) , where her roommate teaches her how to lure men with feminine wiles , known as '' Bye-Yum Pum Pum '' .
The game originated in Melrose , Scotland , where the Melrose Sevens tournament is still played annually .
He was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity .
The reason given for $ 1 's block is : '' $ 2 ''
Bouquehault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
This is a complete list of Presidents of Turkey consisting of the eleven heads of state in the country 's inception following the Turkish War of Independence .
He denied ever being a customer of Signature and stated that he has been '' tested regularly by the WWE , and I am in full compliance with the WWE Wellness Program '' .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did n't see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light ; color resulted from this interaction of light and shadow .
Hand-painted signs in the parking area warn drivers that they are parking at their own risk .
At 62 Mosconi was well past his prime , but a handicap was nevertheless given to the eagle-eyed youngster , allowing her all the breaks and the first shot regardless of whether she had made a ball or not on the break . Mosconi lost at both disciplines .
Several towns in Pennsylvania , mostly in the Welsh Tract , have Welsh namesakes , including Uwchlan , Bala Cynwyd , Gwynedd , and Tredyffrin .
A reflecting pool or reflection pool is a structure often used in memorials .
Submission (/O2004/O) is a 10-minute short film in English directed by Theo van Gogh and written by Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( a former member of the Dutch House of Representatives for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ) ; it was shown on the Dutch public broadcasting network ( VPRO ) on August 29 , 2004 .
William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet is a 1996 American/Australian film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's romantic tragedy of the same name .
Neptune Trojans ( named by analogy to Jupiter 's Trojan asteroids ) are Kuiper belt object-like bodies in solar orbit that have the same orbital period as Neptune and follow roughly the same orbital path .
Mangroves form an awesome characteristic saline woodland or shrubland habitat , called mangrove swamp , mangrove forest , mangrove or mangal .
A manor house or fortified manor house is a country house , which has historically formed the administrative center of a manor ( see Manorialism ) , the lowest unit of territorial organization in the feudal system in Europe .
This was for a project of hr3 which aimed to report about Hessian villages with less than 1,000 inhabitants .
There had been a floating bridge at Arnhem since 1603 but as the city grew in the early 20th century a permanent link across the Lower Rhine was needed .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
Maissemy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is also referred to as safer sex , or protected sex , while unsafe sex or unprotected sex is sexual activity engaged in without precautions to protect against sexually transmitted infections .
James Wilson ( 1742 -- 1798 ) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States and a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence .
He was also well versed in mathematics and astronomy .
Used primarily on Linux and Unix based systems to access shell accounts , SSH was designed as a replacement for Telnet and other insecure remote shells , which send information , notably passwords , in plaintext , rendering them susceptible to packet analysis .
The word cowry is also often used to refer to the shells of these snails .
International PEN , the worldwide association of writers , was founded in London in 1921 to promote friendship and intellectual co-operation among writers everywhere .
Also known as '' Hamburger Steak '' or '' Minute Steak '' ( due to its shorter cooking time ) . It is the least expensive '' cut '' of steak , usually because it is made of lower grade meat .
Research indicates that contraction of HIV via kissing is extremely unlikely , although a woman has been infected with HIV by kissing in 1997 ; both the woman and infected man had gum disease ( so transmission was through the man 's blood , not saliva ) .
When only ten players remained , the usual time for a merge , the two tribes moved onto one beach , with a feast awaiting them .
The flowers are produced in clusters of 9 -- 15 together , each flower about 1 cm diameter with a ring of numerous white stamens .
Eizo Yuguchi ( born July 4 , 1945 -- February 2 , 2003 ) was a former Japanese football player who won the bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Many of the tracks on Revolver are marked by an electric guitar-rock sound , in contrast with their previous , folk rock inspired Rubber Soul .
Pisa San Rossore links the city with Lucca ( 25 minutes from Pisa ) and Pistoia and is also reachable from Pisa Centrale . It is a minor railway station located near the Leaning Tower zone .
Her Majesty 's Most Honourable Privy Council is a body of advisors to the British Sovereign .
Rubber Soul is the sixth UK studio album and the eleventh US release by the British rock band The Beatles .
It is the largest indoor amusement park in the world and features 24 rides and attractions .
He graduated from Upper Arlington High School in Upper Arlington , Ohio , in 1962 .
Reception The first volume of the manga has sold over 1.25 million copies in Japan , and the original Japanese version of the manga series as a whole has sold over 50 million copies .
In 2005 the Museum of Modern Art launched an exhibition entitled '' Beyond The Visible '' , a comprehensive overview of Redon 's work showcasing more than 100 paintings , drawings , prints and books from The Ian Woodner Family Collection .
March 9 -- Adam Smith publishes The Wealth of Nations .
thefreedictionary.com or some degree of doubt regarding claims that are elsewhere taken for granted .
The mid-level storm continued westward and moved across Florida .
Each year , most of the trackside fencing , pedestrian overpasses , grandstands and other motorsport infrastructure are erected approximately a month prior to the Grand Prix weekend and removed within 6 weeks after the event .
The Platinum Edition presents the film for the first time in 1.75:1 widescreen aspect ratio .
The Catholic Encyclopedia , also referred to today as the Old Catholic Encyclopedia and the Original Catholic Encyclopedia on the Catholic Answers website , is an English-language encyclopedia published in the United States .
It is the last city in Punjab on the national highway that connects Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of India .
Fine-grain multithreading -- such as in a barrel processor -- issues instructions for different threads after every cycle , while coarse-grain multithreading only switches to issue instructions from another thread when the current executing thread causes some long latency events ( like page fault etc. ) .
About.com is an online source for original information and advice .
This low density indicates that it is made of ~ 25 % rock ( density ~ 3.25 g\/cm3 ) and ~ 75 % water ice ( density ~ 0.93 g\/cm3 ) .
Looking to another key rhetorical theorist , Plato defined the scope of rhetoric according to his negative opinions of the art .
Milling machine , metalworking machine that operates by rotating a cutting bit while the workpiece is moved against the cutter on an XY table .
E. coli bacteria have also been found in fish and turtles . Sand and soil also harbor E. coli bacteria and some strains of E. coli have become naturalized .
The rule of the Abbasi extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent , covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan .
Virieu-le-Grand is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on June 26 , 2006 from observations taken between January 4 and April 30 , 2006 .
In 1963 , Hilary discovered Amis ' love affair with novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard .
The population ( ) is mostly Roman Catholic ( 76 % ) with a Protestant ( 7 % ) minority .
There are four generations of iPhone models , and they were accompanied by four major releases of iOS ( formerly iPhone OS ) .
This reduced the distance by 61ft 6in , and Rain Lover 's 1968 race record of 3min .19.1 sec was accordingly adjusted to 3min .17.9 sec .
For the similar Indian channel , see WB Channel .
The Teteriv river generally forms the southern boundary of Zhytomyr , though there are also some small areas of Zhytomyr city territory below the southern bank of the river .
It was the 11th and final event under the No Way Out name and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
Disk partitioning is the act of dividing a hard disk drive into multiple virtual hard disk drives , referred to as partitions , in order to treat a single physical disk drive as if it were multiple disks .
SDS held its first meeting in 1960 on the University of Michigan campus at Ann Arbor , Michigan , where Alan Haber was elected president .
Programming Strands Big Fun Time Big Fun Time , hosted by Sidney Sloane , is broadcast from 15:30 to 18:00 .
Brenelle is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
West Coast blues also features smooth , honey-toned vocals , frequently crossing into urban blues territory .
Silver ( II ) fluoride is a chemical compound with the formula AgF2 .
Orestes killed Clytemnestra to avenge the murder of his father , Agamemnon . The Erinyes chase Orestes to Athens where Athena then intervenes .
Different people have different sensitivities to the gag reflex .
He said that he preferred cremation because it would be '' more hygienic than burial and would also save land for agricultural purposes '' .
In all , White has appeared on over fifty albums with artists including John Lennon , George Harrison , Joe Cocker , Ginger Baker , and The Ventures .
It is bordered on the north by the Arctic Ocean , on the east by the North Atlantic Ocean , on the southeast by the Caribbean Sea , and on the west by the North Pacific Ocean ; South America lies to the southeast of the continent .
More conventional inputs , specifically control pads , may be used however .
Legal and early political career Burr served in the New York State Assembly from 1784 to 1785 , but became seriously involved in politics in 1789 , when George Clinton appointed him New York State Attorney General .
As the state capital Springfield is home to the three branches of Illinois government .
The band got mainstream with its first two releases on Geffen , Siren Song of the Counter Culture (/O2004/O) and The Sufferer & the Witness (/O2006/O) , which made many high-charting singles , like '' Swing Life Away '' , '' Prayer of the Refugee '' , and '' The Good Left Undone '' .
Tom Starke ( born 18 March 1981 ) is a German football goalkeeper who currently plays for 1899 Hoffenheim .
The forthcoming release is version 6.0 , codenamed '' Squeeze '' .
See Kadikoi for the village on the Crimean peninsula , in Ukraine .
Together they represent a major transport hub integrating with railways .
Richmond is a suburb in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 2 km south-east from Melbourne 's central business district .
Wellin is a municipality of Belgium .
National news and current affairs programming is based at studios in Martin Place , while the network 's main production studios are located at Epping in Sydney 's northern suburbs .
The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
It is located about 90 km east of the Maya site of Chichen Itza , about 40 km west of the Caribbean Sea , and 44 km northwest of the site of Tulum , with which it is connected by a modern road .
Rick made landfall in Oaxaca - the same area devastated by Hurricane Pauline one month earlier - and quickly weakened , dissipating early on November 11 .
Other famous 19th-century visitors included author Jules Verne ; poets William Wordsworth , John Keats , and Alfred , Lord Tennyson ; and Romantic artist J. M. W. Turner , who painted '' Staffa , Fingal 's Cave '' in 1832 .
Capcom (/O1990/O) , p. 9-10 The Robot Masters have weaknesses to the weapons of certain other Robot Masters ; therefore , choosing the order in which the levels are played is a vital component of the gameplay .
It is colloquially known as '' Woolies '' and in Victoria the majority of stores trade as Safeway .
History The concept or idea of a Virgin Islands Flag began with the administration of Rear Admiral Summer Ely Whitmore Kitelle , who was sworn in as governor of the Islands on April 26 , 1921 .
For the first time since 1950 , two American based teams competed for the Stanley Cup and it was the Chicago Black Hawks beating the Detroit Red Wings four games to two .
Paulo César Carpegiani ( born February 7 , 1949 in Erechim , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the German-speaking section of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
On December 20 , 2005 , Judge Jones issued his 139-page findings of fact and decision ruling that the Dover mandate which required the statement to be read in class was unconstitutional and barring intelligent design from being taught in the Dover school district 's public school science classrooms .
Paramhans Swami Maheshwarananda , The hidden power in humans , Ibera Verlag , page 54 .
Pennsylvania school law allows students in cyber charter schools to participate in athletics and other extracurricular activities in their home districts . For instance , three different PA Cyber students have been state champion high school wrestlers .
White-Beaked Dolphin , Lagenorhynchus albirostris
'' XOR '' redirects here .
Act of Union (/O1800/O) , the formation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Press freedom RWB was founded in Montpellier , France in 1985 .
While no other Timely character would achieve the success of these '' big three '' , some notable heroes -- many of which continue to appear in modern-day retcon appearances and flashbacks -- include the Whizzer , Miss America , the Destroyer , the original Vision , and the Angel .
In the 5th century , during this period of historical silence , there is no doubt that many of the Frisians joined the migration of the Angles and Saxons who went through Frisian territory to invade Great Britain , while those who stayed on the continent expanded into the newly-emptied lands previously occupied by the Anglo-Saxons .
Royal Palace of Madrid ( ) is the official residence of the King of Spain , located in Madrid .
Philip Pullman CBE , FRSL ( born 19 October 1946 ) is an English writer from Norwich .
At the 1972 Summer Olympics , fourteen different artistic gymnastics events were contested , eight for men and six for women .
'' Soldier '' is an R&B \/O/ hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland , Michelle Williams , Rich Harrison , Sean Garrett , T.I. , and Lil Wayne for Destiny 's Child 's fourth studio album , Destiny Fulfilled (/O2004/O) .
The emission system of the plate reader uses polarizing filters to analyze the polarity of the emitted light .
It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and east , Iran in the west , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the north , and China in the far northeast .
Lovato began her acting career at the age of seven on the children 's television series Barney & Friends as Angela , appearing in seasons seven and eight alongside long time friend Selena Gomez .
A Screen Actors Guild Award is an accolade given by the Screen Actors Guild ( SAG ) to recognize outstanding performances by its members .
Of neogothic design , it is the sixth largest cathedral in the world , the second largest in the United States , WNC : Facts and Figures and the fourth tallest structure in Washington , D.C./LOCATION. The cathedral is the seat of both the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church and its bishop of the Diocese of Washington .
Schoephoester made and sold the ice cream in his grocery store .
Braidwood was formerly the seat of the Tallaganda local government area .
Puja Gupta is an Indian Model and actress .
The first Europeans to explore the river were Hamilton Hume and William Hovell , who crossed the river where Albury now stands in 1824 : Hume named it the Hume River after his father .
John Macarthur ( 1767 - 11 April 1834 ) was a soldier , entrepreneur , politician and pioneer of the Australian wool industry .
Bale reprised his role as Batman in the Batman Begins sequel The Dark Knight .
is the first demo album by American heavy metal band Slipknot .
However , after being responsible for a car accident in the fall of 2003 that killed teammate and close friend Dan Snyder , he requested a trade and was subsequently dealt to the Senators .
Beginning around the 10th millennium BC , this region of the Nubian Desert began to receive more rainfall , filling a lake .
Other misattributions , according to their official website , include '' Cows With Guns '' by Dana Lyons and '' Wayne Gretzky Rocks '' by TPOH .
Tunnel section recommences Hounslow West , opened 21 July 1884 ( as Hounslow Barracks ) by the District , renamed 1 December 1925 ; first served by the Piccadilly line 13 March 1933 , resited 19 July 1975 .
TuS Koblenz is a German association football club , located in Koblenz , Rhineland-Palatinate .
Prosauropods retained the same body plan , but by the later Early or Early Middle Norian age had doubled in linear dimensions , as indicated by the long Plateosaurus gracilis of the lower and middle Stubensandstein of Germany .
Products designated as convenience foods are often prepared food stuffs that can be sold as hot , ready-to-eat dishes ; as room temperature , shelf-stable products ; or as refrigerated or frozen products that require minimal preparation , typically just heating .
After Napoleon III 's 1851 coup and the subsequent establishment of the Second Empire , Marxism began to rival Radical Republicanism and the '' Utopian socialism '' of Auguste Comte and Charles Fourier .
Late on October 10 , the typhoon attained the equivalence of a Category 4 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , and the next day it became a super typhoon .
On August 15 , 1971 , Richard Nixon announced that the US dollar would no longer convert to gold , effectively ending the Bretton Woods system .
It is possible to be an asymptomatic carrier of sexually transmitted diseases . In particular , sexually transmitted diseases in women often cause the serious condition of pelvic inflammatory disease .
In 2007 , following the death of Hester , Finn reformed Crowded House ( adding Beck 's former drummer Matt Sherrod ) and released the first studio album in over thirteen years , Time on Earth , and the band began a world tour . In 2010 , Finn commenced another world tour with Crowded House in support of their 2010 release , Intriguer .
The role of the Prime Minister is not formally defined , being based on constitutional convention rather than specific legislation .
Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai first used the phrase in a letter addressed to Indian Prime Minister Nehru dated October 24 , 1959 .
The Braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write , and was the first digital form of writing .
Noircourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
He is the head coach of the French national team , having replaced Raymond Domenech in the wake of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
He has written extensively on spirituality and diverse topics in mind-body medicine .
Often teen idols are actors or pop singers , but some sports figures have an appeal to teenagers .
Its members changed over time .
His\/her role , however , is limited as merely a co-op player , and unlike some games , such as Gears of War , Knight is not critical to the single player campaign 's story , as elaborated on the Eurogamer review .
He ends his career with the distinction of the most decorated French player in history .
Swimming pool heating costs can be significantly reduced by using a pool cover . Use of a pool cover also can help reduce the amount of chemicals ( chlorine , etc ) required by the pool .
In analyzing the nature of the decay products , it was obvious from the direction of electromagnetic forces that alpha rays carried a positive charge , beta rays carried a negative charge , and gamma rays were neutral .
The move replaced the Raw , SmackDown and ECW sets with a new state of the art set shared by all brands .
It was filmed in the summer of 2002 and aired from September 19 & ndash ; December 19 , 2002 on CBS .
During the flood in August 1990 , 132 houses in Forbes were affected by flood with their yards or their floors covered by water .
He attended Aorangi School , then Burnside High School , and earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree in accounting from the University of Canterbury in 1981 .
Avery County was the last county created in North Carolina .
The Iwami area was split in to 3 clans : The mining district ( direct control of the Shogunate ) , the Hamada clan and the Tsuwano clan .
Noel has said that Liam , '' ... thought we had gone too dance when I wrote ` Wonderwall ' because the drums did n't go boom-boom bap , boom-boom bap . ''
Underfloor radiant heating has long been widespread in China and Korea .
Customs and Border Protection Officers use Glock pistols , M16 rifles , shotguns , personal body armor , batons , capsicum ( OC ) spray , and handcuffs .
The Louisiana blues is a type of blues music that is characterized by plodding rhythms that make the sound dark and tense .
These ailments , along with the various prescription drugs used to treat them , may have contributed to her declining health and early death .
It began its operations in 2003 , positioned as a latecomer in the market allowed it to put up infrastructure at lower cost .
The twins were in the film Legally Blondes , which was released direct-to-DVD on April 28 , 2009 as a sequel to Legally Blonde .
Haslen is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Red , the dominant colour of the emblem , is an important colour in Chinese society , often signifying good luck .
NFC East ( 1970 -- present )
No-write allocation is a cache policy where only processor reads are cached , thus avoiding the need for write-back or write-through when the old value of the datum was absent from the cache prior to the write .
In the paddock , the team was noted for friendliness , accessibility , and lack of corporate culture ( universally regarded as having the best espresso in F1 ) .
Fire protection in Huntington Beach is provided by the Huntington Beach Fire Department .
Kanal 5 is the name of a number of television stations whose names translate into English as '' Channel 5 '' .
Aged fifteen , he began the formal study of drawing , but on the insistence of his father he changed to architecture .
Lagos was the former capital city of Nigeria but it has since been replaced by Abuja .
is one of the states of Brazil .
Sangatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department on the northern coast of France on the English Channel .
He was sometimes employed in up to three jobs at a time , while still managing to find enough time to attend all Hamilton 's races .
For example , Queen Elizabeth II formally appoints her British ministers on the advice of the British Prime Minister .
FreeNAS is currently distributed as an ISO image and in source form .
The longest recorded life span is 8 years and 4 months ( Nowak , 1999 ) .
Biomes are climatically and geographically defined as similar climatic conditions on the Earth , such as communities of plants , animals , and soil organisms , The World 's Biomes , Retrieved August 19 , 2008 , from University of California Museum of Paleontology and are often referred to as ecosystems .
Eraclea Mare is the Lido of Eraclea .
The narwhal ( Monodon monoceros ) is a medium-sized toothed whale that lives year-round in the Arctic .
Jammu & Kashmir ( 33.7 % ) , Manipur ( 33.0 % ) , Assam ( 30.4 % ) and Daman and Diu and Pondicherry ( 29.4 % ) reported higher violent crime rate compared to 18.4 % at national level .
The Golden Compass is a 2007 fantasy-adventure film based on Northern Lights ( published as The Golden Compass in the U.S. ) , the first novel in Philip Pullman 's trilogy His Dark Materials .
A small study has shown that in one test group , recent full intercourse resulted in the lowest average blood pressure in stressful situations .
Many of the models had indicated that this was likely , but the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) instead chose to forecast slight strengthening .
The Western Allies remained the ultimate political authorities in West Berlin .
The topic of inappropriate IM use became front page news in October 2006 when U.S. Congressman Mark Foley resigned his seat after admitting sending offensive instant messages of a sexual nature to underage former House pages from his Congressional office PC .
Today , in the interest of safety due to consumption of raw eggs , pies of this nature are usually baked for a short time .
The Blender Foundation initially reserved the right to use dual licensing , so that , in addition to GNU GPL , Blender would have been available also under the '' Blender License '' , which did not require disclosing source code but required payments to the Blender Foundation .
Pedagogy is also occasionally referred to as the correct use of instructive strategies ( see instructional theory ) .
Jennifer Jean Warnes ( born March 3 , 1947 ) is an American singer songwriter , arranger and record producer .
CornerShot is a special-purpose weapon that can fire around corners .
It is often considered a branch of political science ( especially after 1988 UNESCO nomenclature ) , but an important sector of academia prefer to treat it as an interdisciplinary field of study .
Anglo-Saxons ( or Anglo-Saxon ) is the term usually used to describe the invading tribes in the south and east of Great Britain from the early 5th century AD , and their creation of the English nation , to the Norman conquest of 1066 .
Considered integral to the Second Party System and operating from the early 1830s to the mid-1850s , the party was formed in opposition to the policies of President Andrew Jackson and his Democratic Party .
Soon after its release in Japan , the PS3 was released in North America on November 17 , 2006 .
Professional bodies of note for electrical engineers include the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) and the Institution of Engineering and Technology ( IET ) .
It claims that many people are leaving lemons in the department store , just like the main character in Motojiro Kajii 's short story titled LEMON .
Bruce Pavitt is the Chicago-born founder of record label Sub Pop .
He also ended up in Madame Tussaud 's museum in London .
The band recorded its first DVD , Lamentations ( Live at Shepherd 's Bush Empire 2003 ) , at Shepherd 's Bush Empire in London , England .
It was also the proposed location for the '' SuperCasino '' which was hoped would spur re-generation in the area , but the plan was rejected by the House of Lords .
Before this time , larger houses were usually fortified , reflecting the position of their owners as feudal lords , de facto overlords of their manors .
A great deal of emphasis was placed on the forms of worship , as they were seen in terms of the Latin phrase lex orandi , lex credendi ( '' the rule of prayer is the rule of belief '' ) -- that is , the specifics of one 's worship express , teach , and govern the doctrinal beliefs of the community .
Sepultura have released eleven studio albums so far , the latest being A-Lex (/O2009/O) .
The DeLeo brothers formed Army of Anyone with vocalist Richard Patrick , from the industrial rock band Filter , and drummer Ray Luzier .
The city has 353,168 inhabitants (/O2007/O) and is the most financially and industrially active part of Greater Bilbao , the zone in which almost half of the Basque Country 's population lives .
After ruining a Space Pirate mining operation and collecting the twelve Chozo Artifacts that allow access to the sealed impact crater , she confronts and seemingly destroys Metroid Prime , a Metroid that had been feeding off the Phazon Core of the meteor to increase in size and strength .
This makes the battle one of the most catastrophic defeats in the history of Ancient Rome , and one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history ( in terms of the number of lives lost within a single day ) .
Tipton may refer to :
From 20,000 years ago until 6,000 years ago , the sea level rose steadily .
While the great bulk of Farrenc 's compositions were for the piano alone , her chamber music is generally regarded as her best work .
While omnivorous , the diet of dormice contains slightly more animal protein than vegetation .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer , ( Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later , respectively ) .
Retrieved on October 2 , 2008 She can be seen on the CBS television program Ghost Whisperer as Melinda Gordon , a young woman who can communicate with ghosts .
On December 11 , 2008 , Carter celebrated his 100th birthday at Carnegie Hall in New York , where the Boston Symphony Orchestra and pianist Daniel Barenboim played his Interventions for Piano and Orchestra from 2008 .
The city is located at the northern end of the San Francisco Peninsula , with the Pacific Ocean to the west and San Francisco Bay to the north and east .
The Tropic of Capricorn , or Southern tropic , marks the most southerly latitude at which the sun can appear directly overhead at noon .
Football was not on the program at the first modern Olympic Games in 1896 , as international football was in its infancy at the time .
February 26 & ndash ; Battle of Benevento : The army of Charles , Count of Anjou , defeats a combined German and Sicilian force led by King Manfred of Sicily .
Metal film resistors are usually coated with nickel chromium ( NiCr ) , but might be coated with any of the cermet materials listed above for thin film resistors . Unlike thin film resistors , the material may be applied using different techniques than sputtering ( though that is one such technique ) .
Tom Starke ( born 18 March 1981 ) is a German football goalkeeper who currently plays for 1899 Hoffenheim .
Germagnat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Hearing ( or audition ) is one of the traditional five senses .
The project was completed between 1938 and 1945 , 5km north of the Redding , California and Shasta Lake communities .
A metalsmith , often shortened to smith , is a person involved in the shaping of metal objects .
The population is about 55,000 , including 12,500 students and 5,000 employees of the University of Greifswald .
History Lee County was created in 1887 from Monroe County .
Le Breuil-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Hopkins ( Voiced by Aaron Coleman ) Originally developed as a gecko named ` Twerp ' ( a play on the nickname ` Terp , for interpreter ) , '' Hopkins '' the frog was supposed to be Leah 's ` voice ' and appear as a gift from Grandma and Grandpa .
Kirby Muxloe is founded ( approximate date ) .
Mycorrhizas are commonly divided into ectomycorrhizas and endomycorrhizas .
A tumor is sometimes referred to as a '' growth ''
Friction between the individual wires and strands , as a consequence of their twist , further compensates for any flaws .
The next station to the south on the line to is but very few trains , except on Sundays , serve both Clapton and Tottenham Hale .
Timothy Leroy Lincecum ( ; The List : ESPN 's Baseball Player Name Pronunciation Guide born June 15 , 1984 ) is part Filipino-American baseball player who is a starting pitcher for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball .
The NBA Development League , or NBA D-League , is the National Basketball Association 's official minor league basketball organization .
A free-access on-line archive relating to U.S. -- Iraq relations in the 1980s is offered by The National Security Archive of the George Washington University .
PNOLA was founded by Tulane University medical student Paul Ikemire as a rapid response to the decimating affect of Hurricane Katrina .
Supported by a subsidy for literature from the Austrian government , he went to Andorra in 2007 and wrote an essay about the country in the Pyrenees .
The New Musical Express ( better known as the NME ) is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom that has been published weekly since March 1952 .
Curciat-Dongalon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Arcadia and the center of the municipality of Tripolis , pop .
Winchester Cathedral at Winchester in Hampshire is one of the largest cathedrals in England , with the longest nave and overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe .
Green Arrow ( Oliver Jonas '' Ollie '' Queen ) is a fictional character , published by DC Comics .
The skull bears little similarity to that of the European badger , and greatly resembles a larger version of a marbled polecat skull .
The film was nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories ; it won an Academy Award for Best Writing ( Original Screenplay ) by Herman Mankiewicz and Welles .
Green Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants , and a port on the bay of Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .
Year 1832 ( MDCCCXXXII ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a leap year starting on Friday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Nicholas Matzke and Paul R. Gross have accused creationists of using '' strategically elastic '' definitions of micro - and macroevolution when discussing the topic .
Deciding whether primary , secondary or tertiary sources are appropriate on any given occasion is a matter of common sense and good editorial judgment , and should be discussed on article talk pages .
The fair scene in the story was filmed in Heidelberg in Melbourne , Australia at Heidelberg West Football Club 's football ground .
Following the signing of the Oslo Accords in 1993 , portions of the territories have been governed in varying degrees by the Palestinian Authority .
Only the winner is allowed to keep his or her earnings and return to the next show .
An articulated vehicle is a vehicle which has a permanent or semi-permanent pivoting joint in its construction , allowing the vehicle to turn more sharply .
He watched as naked Jewish men and women were placed in front of a long deep trench and upon the order of the SS were shot by Ukrainians in the back of their heads and they fell into the ditch .
Leon Redbone ( born Dickran Gobalian , August 26 , 1949 ) is a Canadian singer and guitarist specializing in interpretations of early 20th-century music , including jazz and blues standards and Tin Pan Alley classics .
Football Club AlzanoCene 1909 , better known with its short name Alzano , is an Italian association football club from Alzano Lombardo , Lombardy . It was founded in 1909 and its official and colors are white and black .
In Chinese history , Legalism ( ) was one of the four main philosophic schools during the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period ( the other three being Confucianism , Daoism and Mohism ) .
In this numbers are included the population of the municipal district Sabana Larga .
The production of a summary description of our environment in the form of such laws is a fundamental aim of science .
Mondeville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie région of France .
From the latter half of the 1980s and into the 1990s came Monkey Shines ( 1988 ) , about a killer helper monkey , Two Evil Eyes ( 1990 ) , an Edgar Allan Poe adaptation in collaboration with Dario Argento , the Stephen King adaptation The Dark Half ( 1993 ) and Bruiser ( 2000 ) , about a man whose face becomes a blank mask .
The National Democratic Party of Germany - The People 's Union ( , NPD ) , is a far right German nationalist party .
Due to the earthquake a small boy falls into the lava pits , Hercules holds the colliding ends together and Iolaus pulls up the boy making both heroes .
Donington Park is a motorsport circuit near Castle Donington in Leicestershire , England .
Governor Rick Perry activated the National Guard and mobilized emergency personnel to the region expected to be affected by the storm .
Neuilly-le-Vendin is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook was born in Essex , England in 1956 .
Palin was a member of the Wasilla , Alaska , city council from 1992 to 1996 and the city 's mayor from 1996 to 2002 .
The legend of the Tooth Fairy is about a fairy that gives a child money or gifts in exchange for a baby tooth that has fallen out .
The total damage caused by Tropical Storm Hanna amounted to about $ 20 million -- equivalent to $ 23 million in 2008 USD .
Créteil is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Cars is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Modern industries include metal working , chemicals and carpet manufacturing .
Pandora properly means '' all-giving '' rather than '' all-gifted . ''
To the north , the canton is bound by the Canton of Zurich , whereas to the west and south lies the Canton of Schwyz .
Silvio Piola ( 29 September 1913 - 4 October 1996 ) was an Italian footballer from Robbio Lomellina , province of Pavia .
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel are a Pashtun tribe who occupy the hills to the north of Peshawar in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Among his former students there are some prize-winners of national and international competitions .
Microsoft Office Online is the Microsoft Office tools and assistance Web site .
Montrose Football Club is a Scottish semi-professional football team , based in the town of Montrose , Angus .
John of Brittany , Earl of Richmond ( d. 1334 )
Some things are useful , but not scarce enough to have monetary value , such as the Earth 's atmosphere , these are referred to as ` free goods ' .
Chiapas ( ) is the southernmost state of Mexico , located towards the southeast of the country .
WQXR interview on January 4 , 2006 For four years since 2000 , she had been using a Stradivarius , the 1716 Booth , on a loan from Nippon Music Foundation , an instrument that had previously belonged to Iona Brown .
July & ndash ; The Siege of Damascus ends in failure .
The Trust Shot ( in Turkish '' G ven At '' ) is a part of the MB 's training program .
The latter emerged victorious and gained undisputed control over Texas while annexing portions of Arizona , California and New Mexico .
'' Action This Day '' , one of two Roger Taylor songs that appear on the album , was clearly influenced by the New Wave movement\/style current at the time ; the track is driven by a pounding electronic drum machine and features a saxophone-like synthesizer solo , played by producer Mack on an Oberheim OB-Xa .
The acronym EOS was chosen for Eos , the Titan Goddess of dawn in Greek mythology , and is often pronounced as a word ( i.e. , EE-oss ) , although some spell out the letters , reading it as an initialism .
Early life Syngman Rhee was born in Hwanghae Province to Yi Gyeong-seon , a member of an aristocratic Yangban family .
Broda was born in Brandon , Manitoba to a family of Ukrainian descent and joined the Maple Leafs in 1936 .
Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon .
Normally , the term infinite sequence refers to a sequence which is infinite in one direction , and finite in the other -- the sequence has a first element , but no final element ( a singly-infinite sequence ) .
Tosh .0 premiered on Comedy Central on June 4 , 2009 , starring Daniel Tosh .
The song was released as the album 's lead single in the United States on December 26 , 2006 and in South America in January 2007 .
The Isle of Ely , a historic region around the city of Ely
On Metacritic , the game has an average score of 94 out of 100 , based on 74 reviews .
Lipscomb is a town in Birmingham , Alabama , United States east of Hueytown .
Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho ( born December 15 , 1907 ) is a Brazilian architect who is considered one of the most important names in international modern architecture .
Believed to be one of the earliest schools , it is said to have been founded less than 50 years after the death of the prophet Muhammad .
Saint-Pierre-du-Mont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Not such a sectarian claim as it appears ; Hindus regard Shiva and Vishnu as the same or as manifestations of the Absolute taking form .
It has a good reputation for use in rock , kelp , and grass , but is unlikely to be any more effective than a good modern design and its holding power to weight ratio is among the worst of all anchor types .
Little is known of the chemistry but there is strong evidence for the formation of a trivalent ion in aqueous solution , confirming lawrencium 's place as the final member of the actinide elements .
The capital of British Columbia is Victoria , the 15th largest metropolitan region in Canada .
It was released as a single in Australia in 2004 , and in the UK in 2005 .
Although this game was never released outside of Japan , a sequel entitled Rhythm Tengoku Gold was released for the Nintendo DS on July 31 , 2008 , and was released internationally as Rhythm Heaven in North America , Australasia , and as Rhythm Paradise in Europe .
Over 250 native species have been recorded in the park , 29 of which are considered rare or threatened in Victoria , including the Long-footed Potoroo , Spotted Quoll ( Tiger Quoll ) , Giant Burrowing Frog and Eastern She-oak Skink .
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl ( 10 May 1890 -- 16 October 1946 ) was a German military commander , attaining the position of Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht , or OKW ) during World War II , acting as deputy to Wilhelm Keitel .
From the Northwest going clockwise , Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
This and other UFO-related beliefs held by the group have led some observers to characterize the group as a type of UFO religion .
On the November 7 episode of SmackDown Kozlov earned a match against Triple H for the WWE Championship at Survivor Series by defeating The Undertaker by disqualification after he was attacked by Jeff Hardy .
Chariton is a city in and the county seat of Lucas County , Iowa , United States .
Besides those two epics some epics and poems have once considered as Homer 's works but today scholars think most of those works were written by others ' hands .
The person carrying out the killing may do so for political reasons , money , or for other reasons , such as favors owed .
Alonzo Harding Mourning , Jr. ( born February 8 , 1970 , in Chesapeake , Virginia ) is a former American professional basketball player , who played most of his 16-year NBA career for the Miami Heat .
History On October 6 , 1945 , five months after the end of World War II in Germany , the SZ was the first newspaper to receive a license from the U.S. military administration of Bavaria .
Until the early modern period , feuds were considered legitimate legal instruments and were regulated to some degree .
Anthony McGill is the principal clarinetist for the Metropolitan Opera . McGill is originally from Chicago , Illinois , growing up in the city 's Chatham neighborhood .
See also Tornadogenesis Funnel cloud Landspout Tornado References External links General British and European Tornado Extremes A series of pictures from the boat Nicorette getting impressively close to the south coast tornadic waterspout .
St. Johnstone Football Club is a professional football club based in Perth , Scotland .
The notion of permutation is used in the following contexts .
The following week , on September 3 , Hardy successfully captured his fourth Intercontinental Championship by defeating Umaga for the title .
The language is referred to by its speakers as Adygebze or Ad g bz , and alternatively spelled in English as Adygean , Adygeyan or Adygei .
William Harrison '' Jack '' Dempsey ( '' The Manassa Mauler '' ) ( June 24 , 1895 - May 31 , 1983 ) was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title from 1919 to 1926 .
position = Serie A , 6th
Aldus Manutius prints Pietro Bembo 's De Aetna in Venice , considered to be the first book to include the semicolon .
All productions are performed in English , and the company is known for its modernized productions and lower ticket prices .
The term comes from the two concepts of reduction and oxidation .
The municipality comprises only the town of Meulebeke proper .
Everyone who is not a chimera has a maximum of four genetic grandparents , eight genetic great-grandparents , sixteen genetic great-great-grandparents , etc. .
Ambrines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Metamorphic rocks make up a large part of the Earth 's crust and are classified by texture and by chemical and mineral assemblage ( metamorphic facies ) .
The album features songs that are considered today among Metallica 's most well-known songs , with songs such as '' Enter Sandman '' , '' The Unforgiven '' , '' Nothing Else Matters '' , '' Wherever I May Roam '' and '' Sad but True '' .
conure and see also Synonyms above ) , and '' - opsis '' , '' of similar appearance to '' .
Graham has given a globe surmounted with doves to the North Korean Friendship Museum .
Events May 8 -- Alfonso VI of Castile marries Constance of Burgundy .
It is broken up into pieces called plates ( shown in picture 2 ) , which move independently relative to one another .
The six character classes are : Warrior , Blader , Wizard , Force Blader , Force Shielder and Force Archer .
There are two major styles of punctuation in English : American or Traditional punctuation ; and British or Logical punctuation .
This has been treated differently by different international bodies , the United Nations confirmed its adoption of '' Sea of Japan '' in its official documents in March 2004 , while others like National Geographic have included both names in their maps and articles .
Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Corpus linguistics
Most recent reviews tend to estimate a prevalence of 1 - 2 per 1,000 for autism and close to 6 per 1,000 for ASD ; because of inadequate data , these numbers may underestimate ASD 's true prevalence . PDD-NOS 's prevalence has been estimated at 3.7 per 1,000 , Asperger syndrome at roughly 0.6 per 1,000 , and childhood disintegrative disorder at 0.02 per 1,000 .
The Royal Proclamation of 1763 temporarily restrained expansion west of the Appalachian Mountains , but did not stop it completely .
The Times , '' Landmark of the railway age may be resurrected '' , 18 February 2008 '' Services Four train operating companies use Euston : Virgin Trains operates an intensive express network .
The B-side was '' Love Theme From KISS '' , the album 's instrumental .
In the vicinity of Qaqortoq are located the historical Hvalsey ruins , the most prominent Norse ruins in Greenland .
Earthquakes often occur in volcanic regions and are caused there , both by tectonic faults and the movement of magma in volcanoes .
A lymphocyte is a type of white blood cell in the vertebrate immune system .
Norwich , known as '' The Rose of New England , '' is a city in , and former county seat ( when there were county seats in the state ) of , New London County , Connecticut , United States .
In 1501 , following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and his succession by his uncle Frederick , Ferdinand of Aragon signed an agreement with Charles VIII 's successor , Louis XII , who had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan , to partition Naples between them , with Campania and the Abruzzi , including Naples itself , going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria .
Othello , the Moor of Venice is a tragedy by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written in approximately 1603 , and based on the Italian short story '' Un Capitano Moro '' ( '' A Moorish Captain '' ) by Cinthio , a disciple of Boccaccio , first published in 1565 .
Valeri Kuzmyich Nepomniachi ( ) , ( born 7 August 1943 ) is a former Russian football ( soccer ) player and current manager .
The Australian Government provides Commonwealth-level government services through the Christmas Island Administration and the Department of Infrastructure . There is no state government ; instead , state government type services are provided by contractors , including departments of the Western Australian Government , with the costs met by the Australian ( Commonwealth ) Government .
Unlike other Indian schools of philosophy , the C rv kas argued that there is nothing wrong with sensual indulgence .
( ) is a Japanese manufacturer of sporting equipment for badminton , golf and tennis , producing racquets , clubs , shoes , shuttlecocks , and other equipment for those sports .
The solar wind , a flow of plasma from the Sun , creates a bubble in the interstellar medium known as the heliosphere , which extends out to the edge of the scattered disc .
The older larvae are solitarty and are almost all green except for 4 red knobs above the thorax and 1 yellow knob on the eighth abdominal segment .
Bolognese sauce is sometimes taken to be a tomato sauce , but authentic recipes have only a small amount of tomato concentrate .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
During the show 's first 58 episodes ( 1997 through the season four episode '' 4th Grade '' in 2000 ) , Butters and the other main child characters were in the third grade .
The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (/O1968/O) was a half-hour live-action\/animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions
At the Céide Fields , preserved beneath a blanket of peat in present-day County Mayo , is an extensive field system , arguably the oldest in the world , dating from not long after this period .
He explored the Arctic with his uncle Sir John Ross and Sir William Parry , and later led his own expedition to Antarctica .
The Victorian Alpine Region , part of the Australian Alps , particularly for skiing The Central Victorian Highlands , ` Highcountry ' are very well known for winter sports and bushwalking Other popular tourism activities are gliding , hang-gliding , hot air ballooning and scuba diving .
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
Barry Switzer ( born October 5 , 1937 ) is a former football coach , in the college and professional ranks , between 1962 and 1997 .
The 1940 -- 41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The first body was found floating when a sailboat , on its way home to Tampa after a trip to Key West , had just crossed under the Sunshine Skyway when several people on board saw an object in the water .
He was descended , through his mother , from the powerful and historically influential Alcmaeonid family .
He was one of the few members of the RAF movement who did not attend a university .
Shock absorber
They were descendants of Charles of Valois , the fourth son of King Philip III and based their claim to be ahead of Edward III of England and Jeanne de Navarre on a reintroduction of the Salic law .
It is believed oceanic anoxic events are strongly linked to lapses in key oceanic current circulations , to climate warming and greenhouse gases .
Variations include recipes with other types of chocolate or additional ingredients , such as nuts or oatmeal .
These motions comprise the kinetic energy in a substance .
Discovery and main features The village of Skara Brae lay hidden under grass and soil until 1850 , when in the winter of that year a major storm stripped the grass from a large mound known as Skerrabra ( or Skeroo Brae ) .
Eventually , a completed reformed Edmund Pevensie is crowned to the Great Western Wood by Aslan as King Edmund the Just , co-ruler of Narnia with Queen Lucy , Queen Susan and High King Peter , and is knighted as Duke of Lantern Waste , Count of the Western March , and Knight of the Noble Order of the Table .
The end of the Invasion On the November 5 airing of Raw , Vince McMahon countered Kurt Angle 's defection by stating that a member of Team Alliance would defect during a match at the upcoming Survivor Series .
Frederick Jay '' Rick '' Rubin ( born March 10 1963 in Lido Beach , New York ) is an American record producer and is currently the co-head of Columbia Records .
After successful pollination , the pollen grain ( immature microgametophyte ) completes its development by growing a pollen tube and undergoing mitosis to produce two male gametes ( sperm ) .
The duo released seven albums on Curb Records , in addition to charting twenty-six singles , of which fourteen were Number One hits .
He also conducted choral works such as Berlioz 's L'enfant du Christ ( performed with the city 's combined musical forces in 2004 ) .
Alba Iulia is historically important for Romanians , Hungarians and Transylvanian Saxons .
Delgadillo 's Snow Cap Drive-In is a historic eatery and roadside attraction located along former Route 66 in Seligman , Arizona USA .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Initially it was felt that Cindy did not reach hurricane strength , but post-season reanalysis confirmed the upgrade .
In early December , they played a co-headlining show with Deadman .
He was the father of English novelist Martin Amis .
Bogra Cantonment is located in Bogra District .
It is the largest lake in King County and the second largest in the state of Washington , after Lake Chelan .
The chain 's first store opened in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario under the name '' Tim Horton Donuts '' ( the name later being abbreviated to '' Tim Horton 's '' , and later still changed to '' Tim Hortons '' without the possessive apostrophe ) .
The Puteaux Group or Section d'Or was a significant offshoot of the Cubist movement ; it included Guillaume Apollinaire , Robert Delaunay , Marcel Duchamp , his brothers Raymond Duchamp-Villon and Jacques Villon , and Fernand Léger , and Francis Picabia .
He holds numerous Major League Baseball records , including the all-time Major League Baseball home run record with 762 and the single-season Major League record for home runs with 73 ( set in ) , and is also the all-time career leader in both walks ( 2,558 ) and intentional walks ( 688 ) .
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on November 15 , 2004 ( soon after 's discovery ) failed to recover the object , while it has been seen again later .
The 15th century saw the construction of a chapel on the top , dedicated to the Holy Cross .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
Casaubon , who believed in the reality of spirits , argued in his introduction that Dee was acting as the unwitting tool of evil spirits when he believed he was communicating with angels .
Taygete ( tay-IJ - - tee , or as in Greek ) , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
Zazaki ( or Dimli ) is a language spoken by Zazas in eastern Anatolia ( Turkey ) .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
Domitian 's government exhibited totalitarian characteristics ; he saw himself as the new Augustus , an enlightened despot destined to guide the Roman Empire into a new era of brilliance .
When John Frederick III of Gotha died unmarried and heirless in 1565 , John William of Weimar tried to claim succession to Saxe-Gotha , but the sons of the imprisoned John Frederick II entered their own claim .
Cape Monze ( a.k.a. Cape Mount ) is a beach on the Arabian Sea located near the Hub River and Gadani Beach in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The original version ( with the excerpted items highlighted ) appears in Book 1 , sections 1.10.32-33 ( pagination varies by publisher ) :
From 1897-2007 , the Paxton Daily Record was published in Paxton , making the paper one of the longest-running daily newspapers of its size in the state of Illinois .
The band formed in 1985 in Minneapolis , Minnesota with Mark Olson ( acoustic guitar and vocals ) , Gary Louris ( electric guitar and vocals ) , Marc Perlman ( bass ) and Norm Rogers ( drums ) .
The referendum , held on August 30 , gave a clear majority ( 78.5 % ) in favor of independence , rejecting the alternative offer of being an autonomous province within Indonesia , to be known as the Special Autonomous Region of East Timor ( SARET ) .
Virignin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A provisional text was first published in French in 1992 , by the authority of Pope John Paul II , and was then translated into many other languages , including English .
He then went on to play for the national team , earning over 40 caps ( some in non - ` A ' internationals ) and scoring 6 goals including appearances at the 1997 and 2001 Confederations Cups .
The Caspian Sea is the world 's largest lake and contains brackish water with a salinity about one-third that of normal seawater .
They are usually found buried in sand in shallow parts of temperate or tropical seas .
Peking Man lived in this cave approximately 750,000 to 200,000 years ago .
Interstate H-2 ( abbreviated H-2 ) is an intrastate Interstate Highway located on the island of O`ahu in Hawai`i , USA .
'' Till the World Ends '' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears .
Iowa City is the county seat of Johnson County and the home city of the University of Iowa .
In the fall of 1963 , the Austrian conductor Josef Krips ( 1902-1974 ) became music director .
A picture of most temples is the presence of murtis ( images ) of the Hindu deity to whom the temple is dedicated .
The Columbian Exchange was a dramatically widespread exchange of animals , plants , culture and human populations ( including slaves ) , communicable diseases , and ideas between the Eastern and Western hemispheres .
Attin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Conversation analysis ( commonly abbreviated as CA ) is the study of talk in interaction ( both verbal and non-verbal in situations of everyday life ) .
In February 2008 , she hosted the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ' Science and Technical Awards .
If more than one player remains in contention after the final betting round , the hands are shown and the winning hand takes the pot .
Press-ups develop the pectoral muscles and triceps , with ancillary benefits to the deltoids , serratus anterior , coracobrachialis and the midsection as a whole .
B-flat minor is traditionally a ` dark ' key . ''
