He wrestled in Mexico and Japan for several major professional wrestling promotions in the United States Guerrero wrestled in Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and in World Wrestling Entertainment ( then WWF , later renamed to WWE ) .
This camper has been '' voted off '' irregularly or through other camper 's motives on Total Drama Island .
Miller had made a total of 38 appearances and scored 11 goals for Rangers .
The first section of the motorway and the first motorway in the country was the Preston by-pass .
On the way to the Tower of Spirits , the tracks disappear from underneath Link 's train and the tower breaks into hovering pieces .
Structure There are two such ducts , connecting the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
The Fourth Crusade was initiated in 1202 by Pope Innocent III , with the intention of invading the Holy Land through Egypt .
Taurean Blacque and Carl Weintraub as Roscoe and DeSoto : Sykes 's vicious Doberman Pinschers .
On January 12 , 2010 , at 21:53 UTC , ( 4:53 pm local time ) Haiti was struck by a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake , the country 's most severe earthquake in over 200 years .
It is also the site of the founding of the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) which eventually became the African Union .
Microform images are commonly reduced about 25 times from the original document size .
The group was short-lived , breaking up by June 1995 after an argument over gas money .
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
Accountants also distinguish personal property from real property because personal property can be depreciated faster than improvements ( while land is not depreciable at all ) .
The talus bone or ankle bone is connected superiorly to the two bones of the lower leg , the tibia and fibula , to form the ankle joint or talocrural joint ; inferiorly , at the subtalar joint , to the calcaneus or heel bone .
In absolute terms , the United States is the world 's largest supplier of commercial nuclear power .
Notable roads spanning Montecito include East Valley Road , Mountain Drive , and Sycamore Canyon Road , all of which form part of State Route 192 .
Moraines may be composed of debris ranging in size from silt-like glacial flour to large boulders .
The high relative humidity of methane in Titan 's lower atmosphere could be maintained by evaporation from lakes covering only 0.002 -- 0.02 % of the whole surface .
Edward V ( 2 November 1470 -- April - July or October 1483 ) was King of England from 9 April 1483 until his deposition two months later .
The remains consist of two parts ; the citadel area on high ground ( about 12 m ) , and outer area .
When executing a read from the disk , the disk arm moves the read\/write head to ( or near ) the correct track , and after some settling time the read head begins to pick up bits .
Economy The city produces furniture , textiles , handicrafts , and timber .
Taizo Kawamoto ( January 17 , 1914 & ndash ; September 20 , 1985 ) was a Japanese football player and manager .
Gaius Plinius Caecilius Secundus , born Gaius Caecilius or Gaius Caecilius Cilo ( 61 AD - ca .
The Islamic calendar or Muslim calendar or Hijri calendar ( ; at-taqw m al-hijr ; Persian : taqw m-e hejri-ye qamari ; ; Islami taqw m ; Malay : Takwim Hijrah ) is a lunar calendar consisting of 12 lunar months in a year of 354 or 355 days .
Tin ( IV ) iodide , also known as stannic iodide is the chemical compound with the formula SnI4 .
Coelurosauria ( ) is the clade containing all theropod dinosaurs more closely related to birds than to carnosaurs .
The first practical sound recording and reproduction device was the mechanical phonograph cylinder , invented by Thomas Edison in 1877 and patented in 1878 .
He is best known as the editor of the radical abolitionist newspaper The Liberator , and as one of the founders of the American Anti-Slavery Society , he promoted '' immediate emancipation '' of slaves in the United States .
d4 d5 .
It originated from the International Meteorological Organization ( IMO ) , which was founded in 1873 .
It was a small ( less than eight feet long ) theropod , specifically a ceratosaur , discovered by Jaime Powell and José Bonaparte in northwestern Argentina .
It is a dialectical method , often involving an oppositional discussion in which the defense of one point of view is pitted against the defense of another ; one participant may lead another to contradict him in some way , strengthening the inquirer 's own point .
Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States , 12 m north of downtown Los Angeles .
The largest union in the AFL-CIO is the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) , with more than a million members , since 2005 when several large unions split away from AFL-CIO .
At the same time , Agrippa Postumus , the last son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa , is also adopted and named as Augustus ' heir .
On June 9 , 2010 , Brent Sopel won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks .
As a result , Cajun boudin is now usually made without blood .
The '' Archaeological Ensemble of Mérida '' is a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1993 .
June 7 & ndash ; Troops of the Republic of Venice capture Udine after a long siege , ending the independence of the Patriarchal State of Friuli , run by the Patriarch of Aquileia .
is a forthcoming film by Japanese filmmaker about the 1937 Nanking Massacre .
Skopje is located in the northern part of Macedonia , in the Skopje statistical region .
Her extraordinary influence on fashion was such that she was the only person in the field to be named on .
Direct-to-video ( also known as direct-to-DVD , made-for-video , straight-to-video , and straight-to-DVD ) is a term used to describe a film that has been released to the public on home video formats ( historically VHS ) without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television .
Alongside these major festivals , there is also the Edinburgh Art Festival , Edinburgh International Film Festival ( moved to June from 2008 ) , the Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Festival , and the Edinburgh International Book Festival .
Nolan is the founder of the production company Syncopy Films .
Certified Hereford Beef is beef certified to have come from Hereford cattle .
Eukaryotic cells are typically much larger than those of prokaryotes .
In pre-modern societies , this takes the burden of active persecution of a criminal from the authorities .
During the 16th and 17th century , Church officials sought a productive role for the vast derelict hulk of the Colosseum .
Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Four singles were released from the album : '' One Step Closer '' , '' Papercut '' , the Grammy Award-winning '' Crawling '' and '' In the End '' , the latter which was responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity .
A police officer pursuing Horton 's vehicle said that he had been traveling at over 160 km\/h ( 100 mph ) .
A new post-war military ( the Reichswehr ) was established on 23 March 1921 .
In appearance , the leaf of the Cinnamomum tejpata ( malabathrum ) tree is similar to the other bay leaves , but is culinarily quite different , having a fragrance and taste similar to cinnamon ( cassia ) bark , but milder .
He was then transferred to 25th Punjabis where he served in the Zakha Khel Expedition ( 1908 ) .
Alpine tundra also lacks trees , but the lower part does not have permafrost , and alpine soils are generally better drained than permafrost soils .
Reptar on Ice was released on Rugrats : Decade In Diapers .
Cowpox is a skin disease caused by a virus known as the Cowpox virus .
Balance disorder , the loss of natural balance which can be caused by various medical conditions
Not all musical instruments make notes with a clear pitch ; percussion instruments are often distinguished by whether they do or do not have a particular pitch .
Even after the move to Epsom the two mothers had kept in touch .
Such a strategy usually involves sustained attacks over a period of time on targets that affect a nation 's overall warmaking capability , such as factories , railroads , oil industries , and other resources .
The '' old '' city is noted for its many Buddhist and Hindu temples and palaces , most dating to the 17th century .
The dice snake ( Natrix tessellata ) is a European nonvenomous snake belonging to the family Colubridae , subfamily Natricinae .
Previn is particularly remembered in Britain for his performance as '' Mr. Andrew Preview '' ( or '' Privet '' ) on the Morecambe and Wise Christmas Show in 1971 , which involved his conducting a performance of Edvard Grieg 's Piano Concerto with Eric Morecambe as the comically-inept soloist .
Despite its official disintegration , the Transvaal is still a commonly used geographical term and retains its historical meaning .
From 1866 to 1870 , Palisa studied mathematics and astronomy at the University of Vienna ; however , he did not graduate until 1884 .
During her time co-hosting What Not to Wear for five series , she and Woodall gained recognition for their work on the show , winning a Royal Television Society Award in 2002 for being the best factual presenters .
The Office of Student Life also operates the Schottenstein Center , the Fawcett Center , the Blackwell Inn , the Ohio Union the Drake Events Center , and the Wilce Student Health Center , named for football coach and university physician John Wilce .
Suwanee is a city in Gwinnett County , Georgia .
Here he joined the Amal Movement , a Lebanese Shi'a political group .
A raft of upgrades were set for Turkey , including an improved regenerative braking system ( KERS ) and a double deck diffuser .
It ended on March 21 , 1921 with the beginning of the NEP ( New Economic Policy ) , which lasted until 1928 .
True crabs are decapod crustaceans of the infraorder Brachyura , which typically have a very short projecting '' tail '' ( = short , = tail ) , or where the reduced abdomen is entirely hidden under the thorax .
The Socratic method is a negative method of hypothesis elimination , in that better hypotheses are found by steadily identifying and eliminating those that lead to contradictions .
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Berote Kalan , Berote Khurd , Kahoo Gharbi and Kahoo Sharqi .
They often use MSDOS , Linux , NetBSD , or an embedded real-time operating system such as MicroC\/OS-II , QNX or VxWorks .
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
The lengths of the perch ( one rod ) and chain ( four rods ) were standardized in 1607 by Edmund Gunter .
It shipped with Linux 2.6 , GNOME 2.6 , KDE 3.2.2 , and SELinux ( SELinux was disabled by default due to concerns that it radically altered the way that Fedora Core ran ) .
Three types of bacteria are used in the production of Emmental cheese : Streptococcus salivarius subspecies thermophilus , Lactobacillus ( Lactobacillus helveticus or Lactobacillus delbrueckii subspecies bulgaricus ) , and Propionibacterium ( Propionibacterium freudenreichii subspecies shermani ) Swiss Cheese Niche .
Their son Daniel was born with Down Syndrome in November 1966 , and was consequently institutionalized and excluded from the Millers ' personal life at Arthur 's insistence .
The couple have two children : a daughter ( Sabrina ) and a son , Axel , who also became a professional cyclist .
The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir , and the Murree Hills area .
This means that many of the nights running up to 31 October are used by teenagers for acts of minor vandalism .
Since leaving the White House , she and her husband reside in Houston , Texas and at the Bush Compound in Kennebunkport , Maine .
Middleton is a city in Canyon County , Idaho , United States .
Paolo Barison ( 23 June 1936 in Vittorio Veneto -- 17 April 1979 in Andora ) was an Italian football player .
The Peugeot 406 is a large family car made by the French automaker Peugeot from 1995 to 2004 .
Joseph I , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1705 & ndash ; 1711 ) .
While the area of natural stands with large old trees is rapidly decreasing , substantial areas of regrowth exist and it is increasingly grown in plantations , the long , straight , fast growing trunks being much more commercially valuable than the old growth timber .
Currently , the majority of the population , more than 75 percent , are Indians of mixed origins ( a significant percentage being followers of the Hindu and Muslim faith ) , with the rest from Africa and a minority of Chinese and Eurasian .
He is also the president of the Kokkalis Foundation , a non-profit organization that promotes education and training , culture and social welfare , medical research and information technology , and athletics , both in Greece and abroad .
Simcoe is an unincorporated community and former town in Southwestern Ontario , Canada located near Lake Erie . It is the county seat and largest community of Norfolk County .
Corsi scheduled another promotional appearance on The Political Cesspool , but one month later he canceled this appearance , citing '' travel plans that changed '' .
'' 32 Ways to Die '' is a reference to the song '' 99 Ways to Die '' by Megadeth .
Intended as a retreat from Rome , it represents the first application of humanist urban planning concepts , creating an impetus for planning that was adopted in other Italian towns and cities and eventually spread to other European centers .
It symbolizes the clerical state of Magdeburg , to which the southern and middle part of the district belonged .
Meurchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Nicknamed The Russian Rocket for his speed , he played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Vancouver Canucks , Florida Panthers and New York Rangers .
Johann II , Duke of Saxe-Weimar ( or John II ) , died young leaving eight surviving sons ( including Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar , the youngest , the famed general ) and a will ordering them to rule jointly .
Indeed , at the time of building , it was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
The deliberate attempt to contact the spirit of a deceased person is known as necromancy , or in spiritism as a séance .
Sir John Barbirolli , CH ( 2 December 1899 -- 29 July 1970 ) was a British conductor and cellist .
Even though Che Guevara is a figure that people have very different opinions of , a high-contrast monochrome graphic of his face has become one of the world 's most universally merchandized and objectified images .
It tells the story of Jack Skellington , a being from '' Halloween Town '' who opens a portal to '' Christmas Town '' .
The trophy is a reward for a specific achievement , and usually afterwards serves as proof of merit .
For the similarly-titled work by Antonio Vivaldi , see The Four Seasons ( Vivaldi ) .
It was not until the 1880s that the composer and librettist 's original wishes were carried out and '' realistic '' productions were staged .
Each of the five original members were selected through auditions .
Since 1969 , however , the holiday has been observed on the third Monday in April , providing a three-day long weekend .
After intense debates and statewide votes , seven Deep South cotton states passed secession ordinances by February 1861 ( before Lincoln took office as president ) , while secession efforts failed in the other eight slave states .
At the very end , Harry decides to leave the Elder Wand in Dumbledore 's tomb and the Resurrection Stone hidden in the forest , but he keeps the Invisibility Cloak because it had belonged to his father .
The LSO was due to sail on the for a concert in New York in April 1912 but fortunately had to change the booking at the last minute .
Henry Howard , Earl of Surrey , English aristocrat ( d. 1547 )
Games involving the England Under-19 team and the full England women 's team have also been played at the stadium .
Pluto , formal designation 134340 Pluto , is the second most massive known dwarf planet in the Solar System ( after Eris ) and the tenth most massive body observed directly orbiting the Sun .
Melina joined the independent professional wrestling circuit before joining WWE in 2004 .
Indira Point , the southernmost point of India , is located on these islands ( Great Nicobar ) .
The early discovered carbonate bauxites occur predominantly in Europe and Jamaica above carbonate rocks ( limestone and dolomite ) , where they were formed by lateritic weathering and residual accumulation of intercalated clays or by clay dissolution residues of the limestone .
Ryuji Akiba is a retired Japanese footballer .
Scooby-Doo is a long-running American animated series produced for Saturday morning television in several different versions from 1969 to the present .
Many confuse their Chinese birth-year with their Gregorian birth-year .
has surrounded the deployment and use of nuclear fission reactors to generate electricity from nuclear fuel for civilian purposes .
At this time , the ground 's capacity was 38,000 , with 10,000 of '' the more vociferous of the home and away supporters '' , in the new Barclay end .
It is located approximately east of the Puerto Rican mainland , west of St. Thomas and north of Vieques .
Luc Bourdon ( February 16 , 1987 -- May 29 , 2008 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and their American Hockey League ( AHL ) affiliate , the Manitoba Moose , from 2006 until 2008 .
An equestrian by birth , Sejanus rose to power as prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard , known as the Praetorian Guard , of which he was commander from AD 14 until his death in 31 .
Ahidjo unexpectedly announced his resignation on 4 November 1982 , and Biya accordingly succeeded him as President of Cameroon on 6 November .
Villers-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was released in the United Kingdom by Wichita Recordings on 18 July 2005 and reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart .
The 1999 event returned to England after sixteen years with some matches also held in Ireland , Scotland and the Netherlands .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
A variation of the common lorem ipsum text has been used since at least the 1960s , and possibly since the sixteenth century , to provide a filler text during typesetting .
However , there are some prominent exceptions , most notably Roman Herzog , who was elected Federal President in 1994 , shortly before the end of his term as President of the Court .
Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg on the left bank of the Main , 4 km north of Bamberg .
Previn has mentioned in the liner notes of the program printed for his appearance as guest conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra during the 2006 -- 07 season that his year of birth is 1930 , and not 1929 as many sources claim .
While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had one of the nation 's lowest median household incomes , also had the nation 's lowest median home price .
Infrastructure The county has a major international airport , the Oslo Airport , Gardermoen , and one smaller international airport , the Moss Airport , Rygge .
On 16 November 2006 Zentyal ( eBox Platform ) was officially approved as a NEOTEC project , receiving public funds from the CDTI ( a Spanish public organization , under the Ministry of Industry , Commerce and Tourism ) to complete the development of version 1.0 .
He reigned from around 2589 to 2566 BC .
Previously , Gwadar had been one of three tehsils ( subdistricts ) of Makran District prior to its upgradation as a division .
Today , practically all seismograms are recorded digitally to make analysis by computer easier .
Reception Criticism Many people thought that The Jungle Book 2 was a rehash of the original 1967 classic and should have gone direct-to-video as it was originally intended .
Typically , the fruit has numerous strings ( called ` phloem bundles ' ) which run between the skin and inner part .
The Platinum Edition DVD went on moratorium on January 31 , 2007 .
Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi of Somalia defeats the Ethiopian army with his new firearms .
Brown is heard with Patton on the Paramount label sessions of 1930 , playing '' M & O Blues , '' and '' Future Blues .
His real , incomparable gifts first began to make themselves known at the time of St. Petersburg , 1914 , when I too came to know him personally .
Peter Schidlof ( July 9 , 1922 -- August 16 , 1987 ) was an Austrian-British violist and co-founder of the Amadeus Quartet .
The name Mediterranean is derived from the Latin mediterraneus , meaning '' inland '' or '' in the middle of the earth '' ( from medius , '' middle '' and terra , '' earth '' ) .
Radial tires were introduced to the US market by rivals Goodrich and Michelin in the late 1960s , and Firestone lacked one .
subdivision_name2 =
She pursued an aggressive agenda focusing on economic development , education , health care and government reform during her 12 years in office .
In the Middle Ages , it was instead an important port of Pisa 's Republic .
Local Text Messaging
Following the title 's introduction in 1971 , Luke Graham and Tarzan Tyler became the inaugural champions on June 3 .
In 1348 , the Black Death began to ravage Europe .
John D. Sloat , American naval officer ( d. 1867 )
For example , in the first-past-the-post election , voters may vote for an option they perceive as having a greater chance of winning over an option they prefer ( e.g. , a conservative voter voting for a popular moderate candidate over an unpopular conservative candidate in order to help defeat a popular leftist candidate . )
These are mutually exclusive states so if you define a row with both a header and a label\/data pair , the label\/data pair is ignored .
The Trang area was the first area of Thailand where rubber trees were planted , brought there by governor Phraya Ratsadanupradit Mahison Phakdi from Malaysia in 1899 .
Jimmy Page went on to form The New Yardbirds which would soon become Led Zeppelin .
The captain of the Manilus , known in the Victorian Shipping records as the '' Plague ship '' , would not receive his bounty as forty-five of the ship 's 243 passengers had been lost to yellow fever during the journey from Scotland 's shores .
It is now employed as a generic symbol on street signs in Great Britain denoting railway stations , and as part of the Association of Train Operating Companies ' jointly-managed National Rail brand- being still printed on railway tickets .
The visible range and number of cone types differ between species .
At least 40 residents were evacuated from Chinchilla .
For most sports the athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing , e.g. sport shoes , pants and shirts .
He was educated at Liverpool College .
All the islands except La Gomera have been active in the last million years ; four of them ( Lanzarote , Tenerife , La Palma and El Hierro ) have historical records of eruptions since European discovery .
Females spawn once per year and regenerate their gonads , making nautiluses the only cephalopods to present iteroparity or polycyclic spawning .
is a professional Japanese footballer currently playing for Oita Trinita .
After a suggestion from a friend , James attended a professional wrestling school in the Washington , D.C. area .
Gaye eventually scored his first immediate million-sellers in 1965 with the Smokey Robinson compositions , '' Ai n't That Peculiar '' and '' I 'll Be Doggone '' .
In the Waffen-SS , the rank was considered the equivalent of an Oberst , a full colonel .
Today , he is widely regarded as one of history 's greatest painters and an important contributor to the foundations of modern art .
Many other herbs may be used as well , such as petite wormwood ( Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood ) , hyssop , melissa , star anise , angelica , sweet flag , dittany , coriander , veronica , juniper , and nutmeg .
It is often called the ` Garden City of The Gulf ' given the many oases , parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
Kupwara district has 3 tehsils : Handwara , Karnah and Kupwara .
Palmyra Atoll is an essentially unoccupied equatorial Northern Pacific atoll administered as an unorganized incorporated territory by the United States federal government .
Goustranville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Mission may refer to :
Warner Bros. had initially planned to release the film over the 4 July 2001 weekend , making for such a short production window that several proposed directors pulled themselves out of the running .
The peninsula protrudes into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks .
In North American tradition ( in the United States and Canada ) , Santa lives on the North Pole , which according to Canada Post lies within Canadian jurisdiction in postal code H0H 0H0 , although postal codes starting with H are usually reserved for the island of Montreal in Québec .
He was elected president of Davitt 's newly founded Irish National Land League in Dublin on 21 October 1879 , signing a militant Land League address campaigning for land reform .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , D.C. and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother serves as professor of government and previously served as dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery , with over 150 annual internments .
He is considered part of the folk revival in indie pop , but his influences are very broad .
Firestone 's management rejects these allegations citing that the corporation has provided employment and pensions to thousands of Liberians as well as health care .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
He read English Literature at Downing College , Cambridge ( 1953-6 ) , received his postgraduate teaching diploma from the University of London , and later studied at the Chelsea School of Art .
Amazon River Dolphin ( or Boto ) , Inia geoffrensis
Thus , agriculture is not possible in most of its areas , especially near the salt lake regions .
Definition Logical equality is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of true if and only if both operands are false or both operands are true .
The Cadet Forces Medal is awarded to recognize long and efficient service by Commissioned Officers and non commissioned adult instructors of the UK Cadet Forces : The Army Cadet Force , the Air Training Corps , the Sea Cadet Corps and Combined Cadet Force , and Commissioned Officers of the New Zealand Cadet Forces .
John the Chanter becomes Bishop of Exeter .
James Anthony '' Jim '' Sturgess ( born 16 May 1981 ) is an English actor whose breakout role was Jude in 2007 's Across the Universe .
FBI Special Agent Fox William Mulder is a fictional character and protagonist in the American Fox television shows The X-Files and The Lone Gunmen , two science fiction shows about a government conspiracy to hide or deny the truth of Alien existence .
Taco Bell serves tacos , burritos , quesadillas , nachos , other specialty items , and a variety of '' Value Menu '' items .
Bureaucrats can use Special : RenameUser to rename users ( including themselves ) .
Producer = Social DistortionChaz RamirezThom Wilson
id : barra value : rgb (/O0.6,0.7,0.8/O)
According to the Nobel Prize committee , '' the truly revolutionary aspect of the picture Kornberg has created is that it captures the process of transcription in full flow .
Antimony is stable in air at room temperature but reacts with oxygen if heated to form antimony trioxide , Sb2O3 .
The Beekman Patent , granted to Beekman in 1697 , was the second largest land holding in Dutchess County .
For some time , scientists have debated whether Neanderthals should be classified as Homo neanderthalensis or '' Homo sapiens neanderthalensis '' , the latter placing Neanderthals as a subspecies of Homo sapiens . Some morphological studies support that Homo neanderthalensis is a separate species and not a subspecies .
The island is about 55 x 19 miles ( 90 x 30 km ) in extent , the highest point being 108 ft ( 33 m ) on East Hill .
The Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians gives ' ( Jakob Ludwig ) Felix Mendelssohn ( - Bartholdy ) ' ( note the parentheses ) as the entry , with ` Mendelssohn ' used in the body text .
Jaworzno [ ] is a city in southern Poland , near Katowice .
Although Tropical Depression One formed on May 28 , the season officially began on June 1 , 2009 and ended on November 30 .
He also sought to have the People 's Republic of China recognized by the United Nations after the Nationalist government was exiled to Taiwan , arguing that the People 's Republic was the only government that could fulfill the membership obligations in full .
There are men who are able to achieve multiple orgasms , with or without the typical sequence of ejaculation and refractory period . Some of those men report not noticing refractory periods , or are able to maintain erection by '' sustaining sexual activity with a full erection until they passed their refractory time for orgasm when they proceeded to have a second or third orgasm '' .
It strained his relationships with previously friendly scientists such as Henry Bates , Thomas Huxley , and even Darwin , who felt he was overly credulous .
Interstate 87 ( I-87 ) is a intrastate Interstate Highway located entirely within New York in the United States .
Born in Norwich , Connecticut , the daughter of Charles Carow ( 1825 -- 1883 ) , a merchant , and the former Gertrude Elizabeth Tyler ( 1836 -- 1895 ) and a granddaughter of Daniel Tyler who was a general in the American Civil War , Edith grew up next door to Theodore '' T.R. '' Roosevelt in New York and was best friends with his younger sister Corinne .
is the pixel offset of the marker from the left edge of the map image .
In September , 2004 Ford announced that it was selling Cosworth and Pi Research , along with Cosworth Racing Ltd and its Jaguar Formula One team .
At the European elections in 2005 there was a crime in Malmeneich . A citizen went to elect five times .
When it returned in 1954 , it was held on a circuit at the city of Agadir for sports cars , and French dominance was interrupted by an Italian driver , Giuseppe Farina .
They are limited to two color combinations ( pink & yellow and purple & green ) so far , and they can sing three new songs and dance .
Cloves are native to Indonesia and India and used as a spice in cuisine all over the world .
Including an Anglican and a Roman Catholic cathedral , there are more than 50 churches in the city and its suburbs , as well as a mosque .
Ryota Aoki is a Japanese footballer .
They are demanding that Roman script be given equal status to Devanagari .
Eric Himpton Holder , Jr. ( born January 21 , 1951 ) is the 82nd and current Attorney General of the United States and the first African American to hold the position , serving under President Barack Obama .
It is interesting to note that he also composed several campaign songs , among them the popular '' Our Nominee , '' used in the day of James K. Polk 's candidacy .
Cast Main André de Vanny as Toby Johnson , Toby Johnson is a normal teenager who studies in Sandy Bay High School .
Maine has four types of school departments : the first is a local school , one which serves only one municipality , and is headed by a superintendent .
His eldest son was Arthur Dee , about whom Dee wrote a letter to his headmaster at Westminster School which echoes the worries of boarding school parents in every century ; Arthur was also an alchemist and hermetic author .
Early electromechanical instruments , such as the Ondes Martenot , appeared early in the century .
Vauxhall station is a National Rail , London Underground and London Buses interchange station .
On the death of Galerius , in May 311 , Licinius shared the eastern empire with Maximinus Daia , the Hellespont and the Bosporus being the dividing line .
It is part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
The radio show was later canceled , and replaced with Wretched Radio , hosted by Friel .
The Taung Child is believed to have been about 3 years old at the time of its death .
The tools cover processes such as page deletion , page protection , blocking and unblocking , access to modify fully protected pages and the Mediawiki interface . Administrators also have the ability to grant and remove account creator , rollback , ipblock-exempt rights , confirmed user , auto-reviewer , and edit filter manager rights to other users , and to their own alternate accounts .
Historically the capital of the Warmia region , Olsztyn has been the capital of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship since 1999 .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about west of the island of Crete .
Nick enters with a '' fantastic Baroque Machine '' and demonstrates how , through the use of a hidden compartment in the machine , it appears to turn stones into bread .
David G. Myers , McGraw Hill , 2002 .
By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles , one proponent being the novelist Harriet Martineau whose circle of acquaintances included Charles Darwin , and the ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the inception of Darwin 's theory .
Embedded software architectures There are several different types of software architecture in common use .
Lavenay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Ward 1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council .
Many styles of techno now exist , but Detroit techno is seen as the foundation upon which a number of subgenres have been built .
When Harry and his wife moved to London he was already contributing a column for the magazine Weekend , and also for the teen magazines Marilyn , and Valentine .
Bedford is the county town of Bedfordshire , in the East of England .
When Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5 , it was the earliest ever in the season that the twentieth storm formed , beating the previous record held by Storm 20 of the 1933 season by 21 days .
On an electric train , the train driver originally had to control the cutting out of resistance manually , but by 1914 , automatic acceleration was being used .
Edubuntu is built on top of the Ubuntu base , incorporates the LTSP thin client architecture and several education-specific applications , and is aimed at users aged 6 to 18 .
The People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) ( ) also called the National Liberation Alliance - or the Yellow Shirts - - was originally a coalition of protesters against Thaksin Shinawatra , the former Prime Minister of Thailand .
Behavior They are primarily insectivorous , and catch insects by jumping at them .
Monarchs may be autocrats ( absolute monarchy ) or may be ceremonial heads of state who exercise little or no power or only reserve power , with actual authority vested in a parliament or other body ( constitutional monarchy ) .
With its 27 total awards , The West Wing ranks 4th all-time in number of Emmy Awards won by a series , behind Frasier ( 37 ) , The Mary Tyler Moore Show ( 29 ) , and Cheers ( 28 ) .
The Citigroup Center ( formerly Citicorp Center ) is one of the ten tallest skyscrapers in New York City , United States , located at 53rd Street between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue in midtown Manhattan .
From opium and poppy straw are extracted alkaloids such as morphine , thebaine , codeine and oripavine .
In the lull between the fighting , elements of the Union forces were ordered to take up positions at a covered bridge on the river .
Alpaca ( Vicugna pacos ) is a domesticated species of South American camelid .
The technique of using a bow is called archery .
Tatami were gradually popularized and finally reached the homes of commoners toward the end of the 17th century .
Or , simply put , the king is under direct attack and can not avoid being captured .
In 1975 , he played supporting roles in Farewell , My Lovely ; Capone ; and Death Race 2000 .
History Vinje was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 ( see formannskapsdistrikt ) .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 15,119 people , 6,126 households , and 4,233 families residing in the city .
On November 27 of that same year , Pastor Carter announced his resignation for a job at the Central Baptist Orphanage in Michigan .
In Latin , it is called Martis dies which means '' Mars 's Day '' .
Mittweida ( ) is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , in the Mittelsachsen district .
It was sometimes called '' Adrastea '' between 1955 and 1975 ( Adrastea is now the name of another satellite of Jupiter ) .
The story is driven not by the narrator 's insistence upon his innocence but by insistence on his sanity .
According to Da Vinci 's contemporary , Giorgio Vasari , '' ... after he had lingered over it four years , left it unfinished ... '' It is known that such behavior is common in most paintings of Leonardo who , later in his life , regretted '' never having completed a single work '' .
As a member of Ben Hall 's gang , Gilbert is mentioned in a number of songs about Hall 's life and exploits .
Randolph 1995:290 f.
The front wall is square , and the side walls are long and high .
Rickrolling is said to have begun as a variant of an earlier prank from the imageboard 4chan known as duckrolling , in which a link to somewhere ( such as a specific picture or news item ) would instead lead to a thread or site containing an edited picture of a duck with wheels .
They include termites , locusts , thrips , lice and stick insects , among many other types of insects .
Opt-out stations were established in Inverness ( BBC Radio Highland ) and Aberdeen in 1976 , followed by Orkney and Shetland in 1977 , and Selkirk ( BBC Radio Tweed ) and Dumfries ( BBC Radio Solway ) in 1983 .
As it was recurving , it hit the North Carolina coast on August 18 .
In 1887 , Johann Strauss , better known as the Waltz King , left Vienna when the Roman Catholic Church forbade his divorce from his 2nd wife .
Yusuke Igawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kawasaki Frontale in the J. League Division 1 .
Urban planning or development
Pocahontas often went to the settlement and played games with the boys there .
Solar cookers are also sometimes used in outdoor cooking , especially in situations where minimum fuel consumption or fire risk are considered highly important .
He has also served as head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL , and now serves as an ambassador for the Blackhawks ' organization .
In addition , Day of the Fight and Flying Padre have been shown on TCM .
'' WP : P '' redirects here .
The district was created by merging the three previous districts Neubrandenburg , Neustrelitz and Strasburg in 1994 .
He had left the station following a newscast the night before cheerful and upbeat in mood .
Shoe studs , a traction device used on the bottom of horse shoes
The film was directed by Tony Richardson , and starred Mick Jagger in the title role .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none .
The Palmengarten ( 29 hectares ) is one of two botanical gardens in Frankfurt am Main , Hesse , Germany , and is located in the city district Westend-Nord .
Most of the route runs along the Fylde Coast sea front , turning inland at Cleveleys for the last few miles before ending at the coast in Fleetwood .
Collectively , these benefits are known as ecosystem services and include products like clean drinking water and processes such as the decomposition of wastes .
Year 1452 ( MCDLII ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Shines played throughout the southern United States until 1941 when he settled in Chicago .
Year 1683 ( MDCLXXXIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Monday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
In order to avoid a prophecy made when that change occurred , that any offspring of his union with Metis would be greater than he , Zeus swallowed Metis to prevent her from having offspring , but she already was pregnant with Athena .
In the United States , for example , the general perjury statute under Federal law defines perjury as a felony and provides for a prison sentence of up to five years . In the United Kingdom a potential penalty for perjury is a prison sentence of up to 7 years .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas , but no building collapsed .
Prussian War In 1870 , he quit his job at the Kreuzzeitung and became drama critic for the liberal Vossische Zeitung , a job he kept until retirement .
Meguro hosts fifteen foreign embassies and consulates .
A sender encrypts data with the public key ; only the holder of the private key can decrypt this data .
The circuit , set inside a funfair , was designed by Dutchman John Hugenholtz and owned by Honda , who used it as a test track .
Thunderstorms were reported on the island , and maximum reported winds on the island reached 45 mph ( 72 km/h ) .
In 1999 , a voyage with reconstructed Polynesian boats was carried out , reaching Easter Island from Mangareva in 19 days .
Less destructive is the ever-popular '' Ding-Dong Ditch '' . in this ` game ' people ring doorbells or knock on doors , and then run and hide somewhere nearby .
James M. Cannon , a member of the Ford administration , wrote in a Ford biography that the Kings ' separation and divorce were sparked when , a few days after Ford 's birth , Leslie King threatened Dorothy with a butcher knife and threatened to kill her , Ford , and Ford 's nursemaid .
Duke University is a private research university located in Durham , North Carolina , United States .
Mass flow is caused by the decrease in hydrostatic ( water ) pressure in the upper parts of the plants due to the diffusion of water out of stomata into the atmosphere .
In this way , the Northern-and-Southern court period and the Muromachi period began .
It was first published in Sexual Behavior in the Human Male ( 1948 ) by Alfred Kinsey , Wardell Pomeroy and others , and was also prominent in the complementary work Sexual Behavior in the Human Female ( 1953 ) .
He became perhaps the best-known preacher in Britain and America in the 18th century , and because he traveled through all of the American colonies and drew great crowds and media coverage , he was one of the most widely recognized public figures in colonial America .
The treaty ended the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894 1895 as a clear victory for Japan .
On March 31 , 2007 , Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by William Shatner , whom Lawler had a memorable altercation with on a January 1995 episode of Raw .
The first planetary nebula discovered was the Dumbbell Nebula in the constellation of Vulpecula , observed by Charles Messier in 1764 and listed as M27 in his catalogue of nebulous objects .
John Campbell Ross ( 11 March 1899 -- 3 June 2009 ) was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War .
The municipality comprises only the town of Ingelmunster proper .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
Feminism refers to political , cultural , and economic movements seeking greater , equal , or , among a minority , superior rights and participation in society for women and girls .
Although Baird 's electromechanical system was eventually displaced by purely electronic systems ( such as those of Philo Farnsworth ) , his early successes demonstrating working television broadcasts and his color and cinema television work earn him a prominent place in television 's invention .
It is directly parallel to the German plural and analogous ( and cognate ) to English ox ( sg ) , oxen ( pl ) .
With the aid of a human traitor named Baltar , the Cylons carry out a massive attack on the home planets of the Twelve Colonies and on the Colonial Fleet of starships that protect them .
According to the 2002 census , the urban population is 1,183 and the rural population is 2,860 .
The circuit is designed by KBR , Inc. , a modification of the original one first proposed by Hermann Tilke .
After the Indian rebellion of 1857 ( known as the '' Mutiny '' ) , the British government took direct control away from the East India Co. , and established its imperial capital at Calcutta , the city founded by the Company .
The lowest official Alaska temperature is 80 F ( 62 C ) in Prospect Creek on January 23 , 1971 , one degree above the lowest temperature recorded in continental North America ( in Snag , Yukon , Canada ) .
In the broadest sense , a fraud is an intentional deception made for personal gain or to damage another individual ; the related adjective is fraudulent .
Social studies is most commonly recognized as the name of a course or set of courses taught in primary and secondary schools or elementary , middle , and high schools , but may also refer to the study of particular aspects of human society at certain post-secondary and tertiary schools around the globe .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it underwent explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an estimated pressure drop of 43 m , from 991 t ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 m , from 996 t. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
International avoirdupois ounce The avoirdupois ounce is the most commonly used ounce today .
This guideline was later amended to 90 at bats , 45 innings pitched , or 45 days on a Major League roster before September 1 of the previous year .
Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Lithium oxide reacts with water and steam , forming lithium hydroxide and should be isolated from them .
A minority of statisticians are self-employed statistical consultants .
So the notion of spacetime dimension is not fixed in string theory : it is best thought of as different in different circumstances .
Weelkes was baptised in the little village church of Elsted in Sussex on 25 October 1576 .
Indian hemp may refer to any of various fiber bearing plants :
England won 5 - 0 in front of a crowd of 20,193 people .
Arge ( ) is a river of Southern Romania .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong .
Kyle Anderson of Rolling Stone stated that the songs on Appeal to Reason '' are driven by an ever-sharpening pop sensibility . ''
Stills have been used to produce perfume and medicine , Water for Injection ( WFI ) for pharmaceutical use , generally to separate and purify different chemicals , and most famously , to produce distilled beverages containing ethyl alcohol .
JBL 's employee Shawn Michaels accompanied him to the ring and first got involved in the match when the referee became incapacitated ; he came into the ring and performed his Sweet Chin Music finisher both on JBL and Cena .
The creek receives Bonita Creek on the left bank just a few hundred yards upstream frow where it outlets into Upper Newport Bay , which eventually discharges into the Pacific Ocean .
Bell enjoys sports such as golf and tennis .
Breda is a city in Carroll County , Iowa , United States .
Like Searcy County , the city takes its name from Richard Searcy , a judge for the Superior Court of the Arkansas Territory .
Tetris DS has an 84 % on Metacritic and an 87 % on GameRankings , which mean generally favorable reviews .
Hewes was formally educated at Princeton and after college he became an apprentice of a merchant .
Muntjac are the oldest known deer , appearing 15-35 million years ago , with remains found in Miocene deposits in France and Germany .
The largely Sikh and Hindu East Punjab became part of the new nation of India while the largely Muslim West Punjab became part of the new nation of Pakistan .
Peruvian Airlines was founded in November 2007 , receiving its Air Operator Certificate from Peru 's aviation authority on August 7 , 2009 .
The six '' town centres '' comprising the City of Surrey are : Fleetwood , Whalley/City Centre , Guildford , Newton , Cloverdale , and South Surrey .
Jorge Luis Dely Valdes ( born March 12 , 1967 in Colon , Panama ) is a Panamanian football player .
They are EnBW Ludwigsburg ( Basketball ) , both formations A and B of the dance team ( 1 . Tanzclub Ludwigsburg ) , the Latin-formation ( TSC Ludwigsburg ) , the Hockey-Club Ludwigsburg 1912 e. V. and the riflery team of Ludwigsburg .
Ned Kelly is an Australian film directed by Gregor Jordan .
Smolarek plays primarily as a striker or winger .
Ice show Disney on Ice starring Pinocchio , toured internationally from 1987 to 1992 .
Tennie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Examples of public sector activity range from delivering social security , administering urban planning and organizing national defenses .
He also received a nomination for Golden Globe Best Actor in a Drama and a nomination for Academy Award for Best Actor for this performance , making him , at age 26 , the ninth-youngest nominee for a Best Actor Oscar .
Olfaction ( also known as olfactics ; adjectival form : '' olfactory '' ) is the sense of smell .
Located in the Werder Zone of the Somali Region , this town has a longitude and latitude of with an elevation of 570 meters above sea level .
Lincoln Cathedral ( in full The Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln , or sometimes St. Mary 's Cathedral ) is a historic Anglican cathedral in Lincoln in England and seat of the Bishop of Lincoln in the Church of England .
It was released as the album 's second single in 2008 .
Today , Landis 's father has become a hearty supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd 's biggest fans .
Flag Identification Symbols ( FIS ) The Flag Identification System was created by Whitney Smith and adopted by FIAV .
Weight training , however , is often part of the athlete 's training regimen .
A Ming Dynasty Chinese record states that 720,000 sheets of toilet paper ( two by three ft. in size ) alone have been produced for the various members of the imperial court at Beijing , while the Imperial Bureau of Supplies also reports that 15,000 sheets of toilet paper alone have been designated for the royal family ( made of fine soft yellow tissue and perfumed ) .
and Albert Wolff ( 1814 & ndash ; 92 )
In 1932 , Bulgakov married for the third time , to Yelena Shilovskaya , who would prove to be inspiration for the character Margarita in his most famous novel .
He went back to Moscow in 1914 , after World War I started .
Shelton Benjamin ( born July 9 , 1975 ) is an American professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) working on its ECW brand .
Sir David 's Long-beaked Echidna ( Zaglossus attenboroughi ) , also known as Attenborough 's Long-beaked Echidna or the Cyclops Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
A political faction is a grouping of individuals , such as a political party , a trade union , or other group with a political purpose .
History Gironde is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Twenty-three different emirs ruled Granada from the founding of the dynasty in 1232 by Muhammed I ibn Nasr until January 2 , 1492 , when Muhammad XII surrendered to the Christian Spanish kingdoms of Aragon and Castile .
This theme is most evident when Tom urges St. Clare to '' look away to Jesus '' after the death of St. Clare 's beloved daughter Eva .
Lafayette County is a prohibition or entirely dry county . .
Beginning in the 19th century , authors such as Anton Chekhov , George Bernard Shaw and Henrik Ibsen blurred the line between comedy and drama .
February 6 & ndash ; Jeanne de Bourbon , queen of Charles V of France ( born 1338 )
Distribution This partridge has its native range in Eurasia , from India , Pakistan and Afghanistan in the east to southeastern Europe in the west , and is closely related and similar to its western equivalent , the Red-legged Partridge , Alectoris rufa .
it is the weaking of bones in the body .
Kalamata has an airport 5 km west of Kalamata .
He was Minister for Employment Services , Minister for Employment and Workplace Relations , and Minister for Health and Ageing in the Howard government at various times from 1998 to 2007 and Leader of the House of Representatives from 2001 to 2007 .
It is regarded as one of the main publications which formed the core of the modern evolutionary synthesis and still provides the conceptual framework for research in plant evolutionary biology ; according to Ernst Mayr , '' Few later works dealing with the evolutionary systematics of plants have not been very deeply affected by Stebbins ' work .
Ayrton Senna drove for the team from 1985 to 1987 , winning twice in each year and achieving 17 pole positions .
Friederike Krabbe 31 May 1950 - Friederike Krabbe was born in Bad Bentheim .
The guarana fruit 's color ranges from brown to red and contains black seeds which are partly covered by white arils .
Music Singer approached John Williams to compose the film score , but Williams turned down the offer because of scheduling conflicts .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
Harcigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ditka was the only individual to participate in the last two Chicago Bears ' championships , as a player in 1963 and as head coach in 1985 .
The Lagoon stretches between the Eraclea 's Lido and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon , being supplied with water only by the flood-tides .
Oklahoma State University - Stillwater & ndash ; Stillwater , Oklahoma
Game Boy Light The Game Boy Light came out in and was only released in Japan .
Other members of the Julii Caesares , the family from which the dictator came
Tim Whitnall born 27 June 1961 , on Canvey Island , Essex , is a British actor , musician and writer who played Angelo in the long-running hit CITV series Mike and Angelo .
Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is a red wine with Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the vineyards surrounding the town of Montepulciano , Italy .
This is the last large-scale crusade of the Middle Ages .
Both are television series on ABC .
Oak groves were especially sacred to her .
Seattle Sounders FC is a Major League Soccer ( MLS ) team based in Seattle , Washington .
In 1955 , ten years after entering the country , von Braun became a naturalized U.S. citizen .
Forrest Mars , Sr. founder of the Mars Company , got the idea for the confection in the 1930s during the Spanish Civil War when he saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with a hard shell of tempered chocolate surrounding the inside , preventing the candies from melting .
Robert Lee Frost ( March 26 , 1874 & ndash ; January 29 , 1963 ) was an American poet .
The words were written by Seydou Badian Kouyaté and the music was by Banzoumana Sissoko .
At its peak , it was one of the most densely populated and culturally dynamic societies in the world .
Takashi Mizunuma ( born May 28 , 1960 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
The NFC was created after the NFL merged with the American Football League ( AFL ) in 1970 .
Pizza ( ; ) , in the US often called pizza pie , is an oven-baked , flat , disc-shaped bread typically topped with a tomato sauce , cheese ( usually mozzarella ) and various toppings depending on the culture .
Behind this iwan is a space which is roofed with the largest dome in the city at 52 m height .
She was one of the three maiden goddesses , Diana , Minerva and Vesta , who swore never to marry .
The video also won Swift an award for Breakthrough Video of the Year at the 2007 CMT Music Awards .
Some jews believe in dead people coming back to life , based on the Kaballah , but not all accept the Kaballah as part of Judaism .
In Mexico , Central America and the United States , '' tortilla '' refers to a flatbread made from corn or wheat originally made by Mesoamerican peoples .
Other research into the human brain suggests that the left and right hemispheres differ in their handling of abstraction .
Ivan Petrovich Pavlov ( September 14 , 1849 - February 27 , 1936 ) was a famous Russian physiologist .
It is usually topped with thinly chopped scallions .
He is Europe 's oldest natural human mummy , and has offered an unprecedented view of Chalcolithic ( Copper Age ) Europeans .
Colusa County is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California , northwest of state capital Sacramento .
Vierville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the course of the dance .
Seidl 's sudden death in 1898 from food poisoning at the age of 47 was widely mourned .
County Formation Timeline
It is often called wine red , or simply wine .
Raven applied to the Confederate Government for a diplomatic exequatur on July 30 , 1861 and was accepted .
Film segments This particular film has ten such segments : The Martins and the Coys features popular radio vocal group , King 's Men singing the story of a Hatfields and McCoys-style feud in the mountains broken up when two young people from each side fall in love .
They are remarkable in that they have no digestive tract , but the bacteria ( which may make up half of a worm 's body weight ) turn oxygen , hydrogen sulfide , carbon dioxide , etc. into organic molecules on which their host worms feed .
His elder siblings included John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy , and Eunice Kennedy Shriver .
More customarily , the universe is defined as everything that exists , has existed , and will exist .
For the automobile , see Porsche 959 .
The epicenter was in the mountains of the Eastern Margin of Qing-Tibet Plateau at the northwest margin of the Sichuan Basin .
This same Synod then added these Canons to two other documents , both of which were in common use by the Dutch Church at the time : the Heidelberg Catechism ( 1563 ) and the Belgic Confession ( 1561 ) .
'' Substitute teacher '' is the most commonly used phrase in the United States , Canada and Ireland , while supply teacher is the most commonly used term in the United Kingdom .
Espins is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Versonnex is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Thallium ( III ) oxide is a chemical compound of thallium and oxygen .
Normally the minimum number of games a goaltender must play to be eligible for the trophy is 25 , but for the lockout shortened 1994 - 95 season , the required minimum was fourteen games .
After the moments of silence , in Tiananmen Square , crowds spontaneously burst out cheering various slogans , including '' Long Live China '' .
Peter Tork ( born February 13 , 1942 ) is an American musician and actor , best known as a member of The Monkees .
Sometimes it is said to be derived from the Greek histos ` anything set upright ' ( as the masts of a ship , the bar of a loom , or the vertical bars of a histogram ) ; and gramma ` drawing , record , writing ' .
An ushanka ( Literally '' ear hat '' ) is a Russian fur cap with ear flaps that can be tied up to the crown of the cap , or tied at the chin to protect the ears , jaw and lower chin from the cold .
She was ill with a virus as filming commenced , and suffered from high temperatures and recurrent sinusitis .
The earliest allusion to engraving in the Bible may be the reference to Judah 's seal ring ( Ge 38:18 ) , followed by ( Ex 39.30 ) .
On October 5 , an operationally unnamed subtropical storm which had gone unnoticed by the NHC was absorbed by a temperate frontal low , which was moving to the southeast over the Azores . The low pressure system gained a more concentrated circulation and lost its frontal structure after absorbing the subtropical storm .
It offers services such as police , fire , electricity , water and sewage treatment .
Carmen Lyra ( 1888 - May 13 , 1949 ) was the pseudonym of the first prominent female Costa Rican writer , born Maria Isabel Carvajal .
Each parameter has four levels : below basic , basic , intermediate , and proficient .
Revolver is a bi-monthly rock and heavy metal magazine published by Future US .
They are assigned to a body once its orbit is secured , and are unrelated to provisional designations , which are automatically assigned when an object is discovered .
Nicias leads an Athenian attack on Corinth .
Decorated architecture is characterized by its window tracery .
The Salt Lake Tribune is the largest-circulated daily newspaper in the U.S. city of Salt Lake City , Utah .
Traveller Ibn Batuta who visited the island in the 14th century , referred to it as Kalanpu .
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi ( , ' , Abu Musab from Zarqa ) ; October 30 , 1966 - June 7 , 2006 ) , born Ahmad Fadeel al-Nazal al-Khalayleh ( , ' ) was a Jordanian militant Islamist who ran a paramilitary training camp in Afghanistan .
Historically gallons has had many different definitions , but there are three definitions in current use .
In 1943 , Rodzinski became Musical Director .
East Coker is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated two miles south of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
County councils were created by the Local Government Act 1888 , largely taking over the administrative functions of the unelected county courts of quarter sessions .
RFC 2712 : '' Addition of Kerberos Cipher Suites to Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) '' .
Between 2005 and 2006 , the Tulsa suburbs of Jenks , Bixby , and Owasso led the state in population growth , showing percentage growths of 47.9 , 44.56 , and 34.31 , respectively .
Pagan 's Daughter ( also known as Babylonne (/O2007/O)
Jerry dissipated on August 28 .
For an asymmetric wave ( periodic pulses in one direction , for example ) , the peak amplitude becomes ambiguous . This is because the value is different depending on whether the maximum positive signal is measured relative to the mean , the maximum negative signal is measured relative to the mean , or the maximum positive signal is measured relative to the maximum negative signal ( the peak-to-peak amplitude ) and then divided by two .
Medleyville : Q&A : BRANDI CARLILE Carlile 's music has been categorized in several genres , including pop , rock , alternative country , indie and folk .
Opera has several '' breeches roles '' traditionally sung by women , usually mezzo-sopranos .
In 1911 , the world 's first geothermal power plant was built in the Valle del Diavolo ( '' Devil 's Valley '' ) , named for the boiling water that rises there .
Fredric Wertham ( March 20 , 1895 - November 18 , 1981 ) was a Jewish German-American psychiatrist and crusading author who protested the purportedly harmful effects of violent imagery in mass media and comic books on the development of children .
Palenque -- in the Mexican state of Chiapas , known for its beautiful art and architecture Tikal -- One of two '' superpowers '' in the classic Maya period .
Agents The Church of Satan authorizes some Active Members as Agents , qualified to represent the Church of Satan and to explain the philosophy of Satanism to the media and other interested parties .
The surface is covered with ink by rolling over the surface with an ink-covered roller ( brayer ) , leaving ink upon the flat surface but not in the non-printing areas .
Zoey 101 was an American television series starring Jamie Lynn Spears as teenager Zoey Brooks , produced for the Nickelodeon and syndicated worldwide .
Diseases that are often caused by transposons include hemophilia A and B , severe combined immunodeficiency , porphyria , predisposition to cancer , and Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
Therefore other methods may be used to increase selectivity , such as Q multiplier circuits and regenerative receivers , superhetrodyne receivers ( to allow several stages of lower -- or at least fixed -- intermediate frequency tuned circuits where smaller bandwidths are easier to obtainThe American Radio Relay League : '' The Radio Amateur 's Handbook , 1968 '' , page 112 .
Arshak II ( or Arsaces II ) was the son of King Tiran and was himself king of Armenia from 350-367 .
He was buried in London , but 18 years later his remains were transferred on an initiative of Richard Wagner and re-buried in Dresden .
The Simputer Trust licensed two manufacturers to build the devices , Encore Software , which has also built the Mobilis for Corporate\/Educational purposes and the SATHI for Defense purposes , and PicoPeta Simputers , which released a consumer product named the Amida Simputer .
A posthumous name is an honorary name given to royalty , nobles , and sometimes others , in East Asia after the person 's death , and is used almost exclusively instead of one 's personal name or other official titles during his life .
Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( , ) , is a country in Central Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
He had already succeeded his mother as seventh Baron Clifford in 1754 .
The last traces of the Bishop of Chur 's jurisdiction were abolished in 1526 .
Samples are assigned grades by gauging the spice 's crocin content , revealed by measurements of crocin-specific spectroscopic absorbance .
( 2,400 to 8,000 km ) range missile that might , at some future date carry a nuclear armed warhead .
This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska .
Kevin has morquio syndrome and wears leg braces and uses crutches and thinks of himself as a robot . However , Max likes Kevin and thinks the crutches and leg braces are neat .
Ammonium hydroxide , also known as ammonia water , ammonical liquor , ammonia liquor , aqua ammonia , aqueous ammonia , or simply ammonia , is a solution of ammonia in water .
Breadalbane is a very historic town and it is located on the Old Hume Highway together with Cullerin and Gunning .
The first debates about the nature of human evolution arose between Thomas Huxley and Richard Owen .
It is named in honor of the pre-Choctaw chief Tuskaloosa .
It was believed that tobacco is a gift from the Creator and that the exhaled tobacco smoke carries one 's thoughts and prayers to heaven .
Mansigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
At Tobolsk , she wrote a melancholy theme for her English tutor , filled with spelling mistakes , about Evelyn Hope , a poem by Robert Browning about a young girl : '' When she died she was only sixteen years old , '' Anastasia wrote .
Walsall Football Club ( ) is an English football club based in Walsall , West Midlands .
Keating grew up in Bankstown , a working-class suburb of Sydney .
Early life and family Born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Tom Vilsack was abandoned at birth and placed in a Roman Catholic orphanage .
Similarly , Mikhail Lomonosov compared different languages groups of the world including Slavic , Baltic ( '' Kurlandic '' ) , Iranian ( '' Medic '' ) , Finnish , Chinese , '' Hottentot '' , and others .
His son became the next Inca without any known dispute after Pachacuti died in 1471 due to a terminal illness , but in future generations , the next Inca had to gain control of the empire by winning enough support from the apos , priesthood , and military to win a civil war or intimidate anyone else from trying to wrest control of the empire .
Coimbra ( ) is a city and municipality in Portugal .
This was actually a story lifted from Championship Wrestling from Florida , where Long had been a referee and did several heel-decisions in the ring , including one for Ron Simmons over Skip Young .
His marriage to Josefa ( he nicknamed her '' Pepa '' ) , and Francisco Bayeu 's membership of the Royal Academy of Fine Art ( from the year 1765 ) helped him to procure work with the Royal Tapestry Workshop .
Tinker Bell is a 2008 computer animated film based on the Disney Fairies franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios .
January 2007 - October 2007 : Uh Huh .
Genes coding for these substances have been inserted into many different organisms ( see Luciferase -- Applications ) .
Blender Magazine Blender.com
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book by Edward F. Kelly , Emily Williams Kelly , Adam Crabtree , Alan Gauld , Michael Grosso , and Bruce Greyson .
Leforest is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Story of Bean (/O1997/O)
With Talib Kweli , he formed the duo Black Star , who released the album Black Star in 1998 .
Heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas .
All trains stop at every station along their route and run the entire length of their line from terminus to terminus .
He won only 13 games while appearing in 43 out of Boston 's 48 games , which was the only time he missed games as a member of the Bruins .
Heyburn is a city in Minidoka County , Idaho , United States .
Azerbaijan signed the treaty on September 24 , 1993 , Georgia on December 9 , 1993 and Belarus on December 31 , 1993 .
In 1946 , the trophy was changed to one made out of silver , which was extremely rare in the immediate aftermath of World War II .
In linguistics , intonation is variation of pitch while speaking which is not used to distinguish words .
Boningen is a municipality in the district of Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Then , when the impact occurred , only material from the mantle was ejected , leaving the Earth 's core of heavy siderophile elements untouched .
Brécy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Modern nannies may live in or out , like other domestic workers , depending on their circumstances and those of their employers .
Plans are in action for the club to move to a New Aberdeen Stadium .
While the lords of Bouillon often were counts and dukes , Bouillon itself was not a county .
General Sir James Abbott KCB ( 12 March 1807 -- 6 October 1896 ) was a British army officer in colonial India .
Eldrick Tont '' Tiger '' Woods ( born December 30 , 1975 ) Divorce decree August 23 , 2010 is an American professional golfer whose achievements to date rank him among the most successful golfers of all time .
Almost nothing is known about his early years , but he seems to have arrived in Vienna during the 1630s , and remained composer and musician at the Habsburg court for the rest of his life .
Eraclea Mare is known for its pinewood and the '' Mort Lagoon '' ( Italian : Laguna del Mort ) .
'' Maggot Brain '' was played at his funeral .
The first vocals for the song were added on 5 August , additional vocals and guitar overdubs were added on 7 August , and bass and drums on 8 August , the day the Abbey Road cover picture was taken .
This was the beginning of an extraordinarly productive portion of his life ; while in the service of Duke Ercole II d'Este he wrote masses , motets , chansons , and of course madrigals , many of which were topical , some involving matters concerning the court itself .
Created by Ken Sugimori , Meowth first appeared in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels , later appearing in various merchandise , spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise .
The city is coterminous with Kampala District .
The bridge , opened in 1964 , spans the Firth of Forth ; connecting the capital city Edinburgh , at South Queensferry , to Fife , at North Queensferry .
Hurricane Igor was the most destructive tropical cyclone to strike the Canadian island of Newfoundland on record .
The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne '' is the father of us all '' can not be easily dismissed .
After his release from prison in 1874 , Ned allegedly fought and won a bare-knuckled boxing match with ` Wild ' Wright that lasted 20 rounds .
Print .
The event is organised by the sport 's governing body , the International Rugby Board ( IRB ) , and is contested by the men 's national teams .
Then it was reorganized by Domingo Franco and Andrés Bonifacio .
Geography The town lies on the north bank of the Cher river .
The channel broadcasts four main business day shows which is corresponding programs of CNBC Europe :
This combination is often used in Hindu rites and depicted in Hindu iconography .
Brion is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This may include not only forms of education designed for students with special needs ( ranging from teenage pregnancy to intellectual disability ) , but also forms of education designed for a general audience and employing alternative educational philosophies and methods .
The most notable storms of 1971 were Tropical Storm Doria , which did $ 147 million ( 1971 dollars ) in damage when it made landfall near Morehead City , North Carolina , and Hurricane Edith , which was a Category 5 when it grazed Nicaragua .
It was about the daily life of Bobby Generic and his very overactive imagination on how he sees the world .
United Nations Environment Programme and New Energy Finance Ltd. ( 2007 ) , p. 11 .
On 5 April 2009 he succeeded Anders Fogh Rasmussen as Prime Minister following Fogh Rasmussen 's appointment as Secretary General of NATO .
Neal Leon Cassady ( February 8 , 1926 -- February 4 , 1968 ) was a major figure of the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the psychedelic movement of the 1960s , perhaps best known for being characterized as Dean Moriarty in Jack Kerouac 's novel On the Road .
Based in Bonn , Germany , T-Mobile is present in ten other European countries ( Austria , Croatia , Czech Republic , Hungary , Macedonia , Montenegro , the Netherlands , Poland , Slovakia and the United Kingdom ) as well as the United States .
In the late 1950s he became Chief Justice of the Federation of Nigeria .
He held this position until 1978 when he stepped down to become undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution .
This color may also be called light floral lavender as it is the color of the lighter outer part of the actual flower of the lavender plant .
Yaoundé ( ) is the capital of Cameroon and second largest city in the country after Douala .
, Great Soviet Encyclopedia .
Most commonly they are grown for the display of their flowers .
Song information This is the first song that Demi Lovato 's character , Mitchie Torres , sang in Camp Rock with Joe Jonas 's character , Shane Gray .
Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
The long man-made Suez Canal in the southeast connects the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea .
The '' characters '' in the keystream can be bits , bytes , numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case .
Chianti Superiore is an Italian DOCG wine produced in the provinces of Arezzo , Florence , Pisa , Pistoia , Prato and Siena , in Tuscany .
It was released as the album 's third single in 2002 and 2003 ( see 2002 in music and 2003 in music ) .
Her first term began October 4 , 1996 , and her last term ended on November 3 , 2008 .
The precise nature of the effects depends on the nature of the wave : an atmospheric wave , for instance , may dissipate close to the surface due to friction with the land mass , and at higher levels due to radiative cooling .
Kublai Khan sends the Polos back with a message requesting that the Pope dispatch western scholars to teach in the Mongol Empire ; however , this request is largely ignored .
Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama ( born January 17 , 1964 ) is the wife of the 44th and incumbent President of the United States , Barack Obama , and is the first African-American First Lady of the United States .
In 1999 , Aguilera came to prominence following her debut album Christina Aguilera , which was a commercial success spawning three number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 -- '' Genie in a Bottle , '' '' What a Girl Wants , '' and '' Come On Over Baby ( All I Want Is You ) .
They have not been seen since then , but legend has it that they often come in the night and destroy crops or cut down forests .
He also returned to some of his older , unfinished works , such as the Third Piano Concerto .
Letters to a Socialist , 1913
She participated in a Suzuki class for a year .
Name : The team is named for The Lions , a pair of mountain peaks overlooking the city .
Research into the food industry of the United States , whose food supply is the most diverse and abundant of any country in the world , found food waste occurring at the beginning of food production .
Such status was granted by an act Polish Parliament on January 6 of the same year .
He went back to Argentina to be operated on by the National team doctor and recuperate .
More importantly , Ban was the only one to escape a veto ; each of the other candidates received at least one '' no '' vote from among the five permanent members .
Thiernu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Grandrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Section 101 sets up an Inter-State Commission , a body which is now defunct , but which was originally envisaged to have a significant role in the federal structure .
Francisco '' Pancho '' Guerrero The second and current El Gato Negro , Francisco Guerrero is a social worker by day and a vigilante by night .
The district of Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Enfield Town railway station is the most central of several stations in Enfield ( north London ) .
The brown huntsman spider , Heteropoda venatoria , is found in many tropical and subtropical parts of the world , including Asia , Réunion Island , the Caribbean islands , the Southeastern US , and ( especially ) Australia .
In 1829 , the Swan River Colony was established on the Swan River by Captain James Stirling .
Solar systems projects Full commissioning is expected in 2013 , with the first stage to be completed in 2010 .
Red Bull sugar-free also contains aspartame , acesulfame K , and sucralose in place of sucrose and glucose .
Autreppes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The replication of functional units was only made possible when the die area of a single-issue processor no longer stretched the limits of what could be reliably manufactured .
Kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , either forming the genus Fortunella , or placed within Citrus sensu lato .
Then he went to SC Oelde 1919 with a total score of 52 goals for that team .
Prior to signing to MediaCorp Studios , he was a model and had played the lead role in a Guangzhou TV serial .
Rose is one of the tertiary colors on the HSV ( RGB ) color wheel .
Immigration from outside the United States resulted in a net increase of 5,004 people , and migration within the country produced a net increase of 36,804 people .
Synthetic cubism is characterized by the introduction of different textures , surfaces , collage elements , papier collé and a large variety of merged subject matter .
' ( DVD , 2007 )
Since its establishment in 1773 , Istanbul Technical University has managed to keep itself up-to-date by following the technological developments which have occurred worldwide .
The Province of Pordenone is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
Gefreiter was the lowest rank to which an ordinary soldier could be promoted .
Glen McLeod Cooper Johnson ( born 23 August 1984 ) is an English footballer who plays for Liverpool and the England national team as a right back or right wing-back .
They released two singles and two albums .
The reign of Edward I ( reigned 1272 - 1307 ) was rather more successful .
Causes and risk factors There is no single known cause for all of the different types of leukemia .
These areas are considered important for the survival of certain species , biodiversity , ecological studies , conservation , solitude , and recreation .
As of 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
Alcock was born at Beverley in Yorkshire , son of Sir William Alcock , Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge .
At the next clock cycle , the CPU will start execution , in accord with the program .
Printed during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377 , it is the world 's oldest extant movable metal print book .
There are simple algorithms to calculate median , mean , standard deviation etc. from these tables .
John Charles Hagee ( born April 12 , 1940 ) is the American founder and senior pastor of Cornerstone Church in San Antonio , Texas , a non-denominational charismatic church with more than 19,000 active members .
Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that was broadcast on BBC One .
Copyright infringement is the unauthorized or prohibited use of works under copyright , infringing the copyright holder 's exclusive rights , such as the right to reproduce or perform the copyrighted work , or to make derivative works .
The sling is an ancient weapon .
Elena 's unusual path through the Gulf of Mexico , which included a loop , prompted many to evacuate from the coastline .
Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma 's primary economic anchors , with nearly 60 percent of Oklahomans living in their metropolitan statistical areas .
Yodh ( also spelled Yud or Yod or Jodh ) is the tenth letter of many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew Yud , Syriac and Arabic ( in abjadi order , 28th in modern order ) .
Saint-Andr é - de-Cubzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This tree is similar to the Broad-leaf Paperbark ( Melaleuca quinquenervia ) in its thick spongy bark .
Xu Xiaofei ( born March 7 , 1982 in Henan , China ) , is a former Chinese footballer .
The Potsdam Conference was held at Cecilienhof , the home of Crown Prince Wilhelm Hohenzollern , in Potsdam , occupied Germany , from 16 July to 2 August 1945 . Participants were the Soviet Union , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
Gewandhaus is a concert hall in Leipzig , Germany .
Rimboval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Disney Channel ( 2006-present )
He suffered from repeated illnesses throughout his life and finally succumbed to cancer on 20 February 1963 at the age of 48 in Basel , Switzerland .
National team He played 19 games for the Brazilian national team , including being part of the World Cup squad in 1950 and in 1954 .
It is one of eight districts which make up the Kashmir Valley .
Generalized tissue damage due to tearing and scratching .
The three minigames are Dance Monkey Dance , Monkey Soccer , and Monkey Climber .
For any convex polygon , all the diagonals are inside the polygon , but for re-entrant polygons , some diagonals are outside of the polygon .
Oasis are a British rock band that formed in Manchester in 1991 .
Before his death he was in constant pain , unable to alleviate it , and would spend his days in prayer .
It was to be an earldom after Canute the Great 's conquest of 1016 , from 1020 to 1066 .
He married Margaret Lindsay , who also had an interest in astronomy and scientific research .
Nelly decided to make the song a last-minute addition to his second album Nellyville , which had already been completed prior to Bam giving him the track .
When the patient recovers from cowpox , the person is immune to smallpox .
Sir Joseph Cook , GCMG ( 7 December 1860 - 30 July 1947 ) was an Australian politician and the sixth Prime Minister of Australia .
Yui was born in Fukuoka , Japan .
In Flames is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Gothenburg , formed in 1990 .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling . He is currently working shows for the National Wrestling Alliance mostly in the Northeast .
Like earlier Mini-ITX PC designs , it is uncommonly small for a desktop computer : 7.7 inches ( 19.7 cm ) square and 1.4 inches ( 3.6 cm ) tall .
During his years in opposition , Fischer was respected for his oratory , as well as for the charisma he exuded on the political stage .
The highest point in Guinea is Mont Nimba at 1750 m. Although the Guinean and Ivorian sides of the Nimba Massif are a UNESCO Strict Nature Reserve , the portion of the so-called Guinean Backbone continues into Liberia , where it has been mined for decades ; the damage is quite evident in the Nzérékoré Region at .
This causes the plant to become inspected , and in order to prevent it from being shut down , Mr. Burns decides to run for governor .
Of the 1,112 pages , over 900 contained recipes , such that another popular name for the volume is Mrs Beeton 's Cookbook .
During 1986 , Prince Charles turned again to his former girlfriend , Camilla Shand , who had become Camilla Parker-Bowles , wife of Andrew Parker-Bowles .
Location The union council of Bagnotar is situated in the central part of Abbottabad District in Abbottabad Tehsil , and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district .
Originally known as the Airport Railway Phase 2 , the contracts of the West Rail Line Interface Works were awarded shortly after construction works of the West Rail commenced .
Distinguish from Begga and Bega .
King 's is ranked 63rd in the world ( and 16th in Europe ) in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 21st in the world ( and 6th in Europe ) in the 2010 QS World University Rankings , and 77th in the world ( and 15th in Europe ) in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
The story ends with Alvin and Arthur leaving the town and returning to Alvin 's home in the west .
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six .
He is the first African American governor of New York and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley , who was Governor of Arkansas for eleven days in January 1975 .
Jumencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
With the help of a favorable wind and its habit of swinging its head from side to side as it walks , Komodo dragons may be able to detect carrion from 4 - 9.5 kilometres ( 2.5 - 6 mi ) away .
My Name Is Earl
John Rhys-Davies ( born 5 May 1944 ) is a British actor and vocal artist of Welsh descent .
He made his debut at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden in 1914 with Richard Wagner 's Tristan und Isolde .
Oncology ( from the Ancient Greek onkos ( ) , meaning bulk , mass , or tumor , and the suffix - logy ( - ) , meaning '' study of '' ) is a branch of medicine that deals with tumors ( cancer ) .
Scholastic Media is a production company that produces such shows like Clifford the Big Red Dog , Clifford 's Puppy Days , Goosebumps , T \* Witches ; and films like The Golden Compass and Tuck Everlasting .
In recent years , following the construction of newer , relatively luxurious minor league ballparks , Greer has fallen below standards set for Triple-A stadiums by professional baseball .
This also extends to Arab , Persian , and other migrants who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. CE , and mixed with the local people there , providing considerable cultural infusion and numerous loan words from Arabic and Persian .
Joel de Oliveira Monteiro ( 1 May 1904 -- 6 April 1990 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1992/1993 season .
B'Day won the Best Contemporary R&B Album .
Chamouille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
He sent boastful letters describing the details of the killings to police and to local news outlets during the period of time in which the murders took place .
Beginning in the 1920s , the meaning of the term beige expanded to the point where it is now also used for a wide range of pale brown shades , some of more notable of which are shown below .
It was thought to be from a mesonychid , but Gingerich and Russell recognized it as an early cetacean from characteristic features of the inner ear , found only in cetaceans : the large auditory bulla is formed from the ectotympanic bone only .
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia , who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility , Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
The song was written by the band 's guitarist and main songwriter , Noel Gallagher .
Bernard Herrmann ( June 29 , 1911 -- December 24 , 1975 ) was an American composer noted for his work in motion pictures .
With a declining birthrate and population , labor was the key factor of production .
The Lightning Thief was the winner of the School Library Journal Best Book of 2005 as well one of the books in the Chicago Public Library Best of the Best Books List , 2005 .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
This type of government is called a constitutional monarchy .
Anal fingering can arouse the receiver , allowing them to relax their anus and prepare them for the insertion of a penis or any other sexual instrument .
Sir Francis Drake , Vice Admiral ( 1540 -- 27 January 1596 ) , was an English sea captain , privateer , navigator , slaver , a renowned pirate and politician of the Elizabethan era .
In his introduction to his poem The Phoenix and the Tortoise , Rexroth articulated his understanding of love and marriage : '' The process as I see it goes something like this : from abandon to erotic mysticism , from erotic mysticism to the ethical mysticism of sacramental marriage , thence to the realization of the ethical mysticism of universal responsibility . ''
She won four Grand Slam singles titles , six Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles .
In the 19th century , Hansom cabs largely replaced the older designs because of their improved speed and safety .
Rolling Stone ( mixed )
The country applied in June 1993 for membership in the European Union and became an Associated State of the EU in 1995 , an Acceding Country in 2004 , and a member on 1 January 2007 .
The GCV is organized under the Follow On Incremental Capabilities Package of the BCT Modernization program .
However , 2 John and 3 John are included in this group despite their addresses respectively to the '' elect lady '' , speculated by many to be the church itself , and to '' Gaius '' , about whom there has been much speculation but little in the way of conclusive proof as to his identity .
The melting of glaciers at the end of ice ages is an example of eustatic sea level rise .
At the age of 16 he started studying medicine at the University of Basel , later moving to Vienna .
However , Jim Kaz of IGN said that the track almost detracts from the intensity of the album , stating , '' it 's at this point the band loses a little momentum . ''
The band 's two platinum albums , Winger and In the Heart of the Young , along with charting singles '' Seventeen '' , '' Headed for a Heartbreak '' , and '' Miles Away '' , put the band on the top of the charts by the early 1990s .
Maurice Harold Macmillan , 1st Earl of Stockton , OM , PC ( 10 February 1894 - 29 December 1986 ) was Conservative Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 10 January 1957 to 18 October 1963 .
The net force on a particle is thus equal to rate change of momentum of the particle with time .
Structural polysaccharides Cellulose The structural component of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
With no pre-season testing , the F110 completed its first laps during the weekend of the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix .
It can also be expressed as a company 's unit sales volume ( in a market ) divided by the total volume of units sold in that market .
His teacher could not believe that anyone could write that well when they were only 10 years old .
Aude ( ) is a department in south-central France named after the river Aude .
After debating for decades , paleoanthropologists now agree there is enough genetic and fossil evidence suggesting that Homo sapiens evolved in Africa ~ 200,000-160 ,000 years ago .
The VCD format was very popular throughout Asia ( except Japan and South Korea ) in the late 1990s through the 2000s , with 8 million VCD players sold in China in 1997 alone , and more than half of all Chinese households owning at least one VCD player by 2005 .
The cradles of early civilizations were river valleys , such as the Euphrates and Tigris valleys in Mesopotamia , the Nile valley in Egypt , the Indus valley in the Indian subcontinent , and the Yangtze and Yellow River valleys in China .
Titles and honours Of the 66 cities in the United Kingdom , the City of London is among the 30 that have Lord Mayors ( or , in Scotland , Lords Provost ) .
It counts among the official ( and minority ) languages of Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Croatia , Romania , Republic of Macedonia and Hungary .
In geometry , the parallel postulate , also called Euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid 's Elements , is a distinctive axiom in Euclidean geometry .
Union Gap is a city in Yakima County , Washington , in the United States .
After defeating another leading contender , John Holman , in Miami Beach Auditorium , Florida , on May 9 , 1956 , he lost a rematch with Jackson on September 26 , 1956 .
A numeral system ( or system of numeration ) is a writing system for expressing numbers , that is a mathematical notation for representing numbers of a given set , using graphemes or symbols in a consistent manner .
Nowadays , the term hanamachi is commonly used in modern Japan to refer to the areas where modern-day okiya are still operating .
With Benoit focusing on Kurt Angle , Guerrero aligned himself with his nephew Chavo , forming the tag team Los Guerreros .
Adam ImpactConquistador UnoDamon StrikerEdgeSexton Hardcastle
In Rome he studied the lute , the viol and the harp , and began to acquire a reputation as a singer .
It is measured in dioptres ( inverse metres ) , and equals the inverse of the focal length of the optical device .
Adrian Bucurel Ilie ( born April 20 , 1974 in Craiova ) is a retired Romanian football ( soccer ) forward .
Their semi-major axes ( distances from Jupiter ) range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 and 154.8 , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
Although not as rare in the symphonic literature as sharper keys , examples of symphonies in A major are not as numerous as for D major or G major .
The Lord Mayor is the title of the Mayor of a major city , with special recognition .
In 1802 , he visited Calais with his sister Dorothy and met Annette and his daughter Caroline .
Piquet 's parents separated soon after he was born , and he lived in Monaco with his Dutch mother , Sylvia Tamsma , until he was eight years old .
A waterway is any navigable body of water .
The Incredibles was originally developed as a traditionally-animated film for Warner Bros. , but after the studio shut down its division for fully animated theatrical features , Bird took the story with him to Pixar , where he reunited with John Lasseter .
See Abstract .
New South Wales ( NSW ) , the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) , Victoria ( Vic ) , South Australia ( SA ) , and Tasmania observe daylight saving time every year .
They first appeared in the middle Triassic Period and became especially common during the Jurassic Period , thriving until the K-T extinction at the end of the Cretaceous Period .
It was bounded by ( from the south and clockwise ) the Czech Republic and the districts of Vogtlandkreis , Zwickauer Land , Stollberg and Annaberg .
The passage of the storm left a portion of North Carolina Highway 12 on Hatteras Island closed for three hours , briefly flooding part of the road .
This experience creates an absentmindedness where the manic individual 's thoughts totally preoccupy him or her , making him or her unable to keep track of time , or be aware of anything besides the flow of thoughts .
The Ministry of Magic is simply concerned about Harry 's safety due to the escape of mass-murderer Sirius Black from the wizarding prison Azkaban .
Neuville-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Non-image forming visual functions , independent of visual perception , include the pupillary light reflex ( PLR ) and circadian photoentrainment .
This may be achieved by way of an amendment to the Constitution via referendum ( a vote on whether the proposed transfer of power from the States to the Commonwealth , or vice versa , should be implemented ) .
During that 16-week stint , Graham was heard by 2.3 million listeners , who gathered to hear him at Madison Square Garden , Yankee Stadium , and Times Square .
The crusts of Earth , our Moon , Mercury , Venus , Mars , Io , and other planetary bodies have been generated largely by igneous processes , and these crusts are richer in incompatible elements than their respective mantles .
Scott Young ( April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
One of the company 's early successes was its distribution of the 1936 anti-cannabis propaganda film Reefer Madness , which became a cult hit on American college campuses in the early 1970s .
The oil reserves of Kuwait ( with a population of 2 million next to Iraq 's 25 ) were roughly equal to those of Iraq .
One of the first examples to be identified was phosphorus , which sometimes behaves as if it has a valence of three and sometimes as if it has a valence of five .
These genres are unified by their collective debt to the style and/or ethos of punk rock , which laid the groundwork for alternative music in the 1970s .
In mythology Geb also often occurs as a primeval divine king of Egypt from whom his ` son ' Osiris and his ` grand-son ' Horus inherited the land after many contendings with the disruptive god Seth , brother and killer of Osiris .
Seeking to become a barrister , Tagore enrolled at a public school in Brighton , East Sussex , England in 1878 .
The girls were picked up on a bus in New York where they met each other and started sizing up the competition .
The first European settlement in the interior of North Carolina and what would become the United States was made by Spanish in 1567 , when they built Fort San Juan at the large Native American settlement of Joara near present-day Morganton .
The new structure was finished and dedicated on June 11 , 1144 , in the presence of the King .
During recent years , significant security measures have been put in place along Whitehall for the protection of the government buildings that line the street .
He holds the record for most wins in league history , with 1,244 wins in the regular season and 223 in the Stanley Cup playoffs .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
With pace , industry , creativity and exquisite timing on the run in addition to being a free kick specialist , Peters was described by England manager Sir Alf Ramsey as being '' ten years ahead of his time '' .
Marenla is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In general , microkernels succeed when the task switching and intertask communication is fast , and fail when they are slow .
Since July 31 2010 , Barcelona Metro system consists of 11 lines with 164 stations and 124 km in total .
Ride the Lightning is the second album by American heavy metal band Metallica , released on July 27 , 1984 by Megaforce Records and re-released by Elektra Records on November 19 , 1984 .
Edmonton Green railway station is a station in the London Borough of Enfield in north east London on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
Recorded in three weeks , and released in February 1994 , Dookie became a commercial success , helped by extensive MTV airplay for the videos of the songs '' Longview '' , '' Basket Case '' , and '' When I Come Around '' , all of which reached the number one position on the Modern Rock Tracks charts .
By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscanini in 1936 .
It is also used in the production of pointe shoes for use in ballet .
Canonically it is a continuation of the original Cinderella , rather than Cinderella II : Dreams Come True , though due to its unusual chronological sequencing it acknowledges the events of ' by using some of its characters .
Abraham Charles '' Abe '' Vigoda ( born February 24 , 1921 ) is an American movie and television actor .
Kornberg was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
March 5 & ndash ; Rosa Luxemburg , German politician ( d. 1919 )
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
Almost none of the music from the previous game was integrated , save for the introductory notes of the overworld theme , which were quoted at the start of the new overworld theme .
Manchester Airport is a major airport located at Ringway in the City of Manchester within Greater Manchester , UK .
In 1996 Nintendo released the Game Boy Pocket : a smaller , lighter unit that requires fewer batteries .
Robert A. Probert ( June 5 , 1965 -- July 5 , 2010 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward .
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
Béla displayed notable musical talent very early in life : according to his mother , he could distinguish between different dance rhythms that she played on the piano before he learned to speak in complete sentences ( Gillies 1990 , 6 ) .
Charles V. Covell , Jr. (/O2005/O) .
Billboard Billboard.com
Previously , Safina was coached by Glen Schaap , former trainer of Nadia Petrova .
Notable films in which he has starred include , in chronological order , Easy Rider , Five Easy Pieces , Chinatown , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , The Shining , Reds , Terms of Endearment , Batman , A Few Good Men , As Good as It Gets , About Schmidt , Something 's Got/Ota Give , and The Departed .
Harold died at Oxford on 17 March 1040 , just as Harthacanute was preparing an invasion force of Danes , and was buried at the abbey of Westminster .
Sauber used Ferrari designed engines ( from 1997 to 2005 ) and gearboxes built by Sauber Petronas Engineering , a company founded for the sole purpose of building these engines , that were nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari .
The original low passed along the south shore of Long Island , and made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
Breach of warranty A warranty is violated when the promise is broken ; when goods are not as should be expected , at the time the sale occurs , whether or not the defect is apparent .
Pronunciation refers to the way a word or a language is spoken , or the manner in which someone utters a word .
A drum and bugle corps or drum corps is a musical marching unit ( similar to a marching band ) consisting of brass instruments , percussion instruments , and color guard .
Its northernmost constituent community of Sprendlingen lies some 10 km north of Darmstadt .
Other countries dominated by the Soviet Union were the German Democratic Republic , Poland , Romania , Czechoslovakia ( which later separated into the Czech Republic and Slovakia ) , Hungary , and Bulgaria .
Spielberg won the Academy Award for Best Director for Schindler 's List (/O1993/O) and Saving Private Ryan (/O1998/O) .
Following the war , he bought a summer house in Normandy and devoted most of his time there to composition .
Marrakech , Morocco is called the Rose City because many of its buildings are colored various shades of rose .
Ross Batty born 20 September , 1986 in Englanda former Barnard castle school pupil , is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership .
Characteristics Nesomyids are small to medium rodents , with the largest being the size of a rat .
Three quarters of the planet Earth is covered by water .
Messi began playing football at a young age and his potential was quickly identified by Barcelona .
In a rage of anger he unfairly turned the loyal raven 's feathers black and took away its ability to speak .
Ma was the first performer on September 11 , 2002 , at the site of the World Trade Center , while the first of the names of the dead were read in remembrance on the first anniversary of the attack on the WTC .
This lubricates the sand particles and renders them unable to support significant weight , since they move with little friction , behaving more like a liquid when exposed to stress .
Cuentos del SilISBN 84-611-0061-1 ( Tales of the Sil ) is a Leonese language book written by nine leonese language writers .
The Sukhoi Su-27 ( Cyrillic : -27 ) ( NATO reporting name : Flanker ) is a one-seat Mach-2 class jet fighter originally manufactured by the Soviet Union , and designed by the Sukhoi Design Bureau .
Boleslaus I of Poland becomes duke of Bohemia and Moravia .
A statue of Michael Jordan , '' The Spirit '' , is located on the east side of the arena , while a statue of various Blackhawks sits to the north on Madison Street , where the Chicago Stadium was located .
This , the seasonal availability of cabbage and its richness in vitamin C made bigos a traditional part of the winter diet in Poland and elsewhere . In Poland , it is a traditional dish to be served on the Second Day of Christmas .
The Washington Post ( favourable ) -- link ( Queen Archives )
Generally , higher capacity drives also handle lower capacity media .
Although Deinosuchus was far larger than any modern crocodile or alligator- measuring up to 12 m and weighing up to 8.5 M- its overall appearance was fairly similar to its smaller relatives .
It was from Windsor that Elizabeth , in 1940 , made her first radio broadcast during the BBC 's Children 's Hour , addressing other children who had been evacuated from the cities .
Franz Ferdinand is a rock band that was formed in Glasgow , Scotland , in 2002 .
Founded in 1912 and currently owned by media conglomerate Viacom , it is America 's oldest existing film studio ; it is also the last major film studio still headquartered in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles .
A word in Sanskrit , meaning '' practicable , feasible , possible '' , and also '' proper , fit , able '' , from a root '' to be well ordered or regulated '' ;
It steadily strengthened that night into the morning of July 23 and reached Category 2 intensity .
Australia 's claim to sovereignty over the Australian Antarctic Territory is recognised by the United Kingdom , New Zealand , France and Norway .
In 1812 the city was seized by Napoleon on his push towards Moscow .
Gun dogs are divided into three primary types : Retrievers , flushing dogs , and pointing breeds .
The asteroid belt is the region of the Solar System located roughly between the orbits of the planets Mars and Jupiter .
History Already in 1911 a '' national '' cycling race of over 1,500 km was held in Germany ( which was then composed of several territories and kingdoms ) .
Bill Cullen hosted the original version of Blockbusters , with Bob Hilton serving as Cullen 's announcer .
President Bill Clinton declared the U.S. Virgin Islands a federal disaster area , making it available to federal aid .
Dickey , Just Win , Baby , p. 8 .
Babies have a sucking reflex that enables them to suck and swallow milk .
Rescue groups from around the world joined local relief workers and the ROC military in digging out survivors , clearing rubble , restoring essential services and distributing food and other aid to the more than 100,000 people made homeless by the quake .
During World War II his father was posted on active service and Shearston and his mother lived on his grandparents ' property at Tenterfield .
'' I Kissed a Girl '' is a song by pop singer Katy Perry , written by Perry , Dr. Luke , Max Martin and Cathy Dennis . It was produced by Dr. Luke for Perry 's 2008 album One of the Boys .
J. Fuegi and J. Francis , '' Lovelace & Babbage and the creation of the 1843 ` notes ' '' .
In November 2007 a consultation process began for the building of a new third runway and a sixth terminal and it was controversially approved on 15 January 2009 by UK Government ministers .
In cartography many scholars are interested in how information or phenomenon from the real world can be better represented on a map Harrower , M. (/O2007/O) The cognitive limits of animated maps .
Czech army page During the German occupation , Dunkirk was largely destroyed by allied bombings ; the artillery siege of Dunkirk was directed on the final day of the war by pilots from No. 652 Squadron RAF , and No. 665 Squadron RCAF .
Afolabi was part of the Nigeria squads at the 2002 and 2010 World Cups .
Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available .
)
One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ( 1962 ) is a novel written by Ken Kesey .
In 1956 , Amilcar Cabral , and a group of fellow Cape Verdeans and Guineans organised ( in Portuguese Guinea ) the clandestine African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) , which demanded improvement in economic , social and political conditions in Cape Verde and Portuguese Guinea and formed the basis of the two nations ' independence movement .
Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres , 5 km north of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills , in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
In 2003 , Dungeons & Dragons v. 3.5 , also known as Revised 3rd Edition or D&D 3.5 , was released as a revision of the 3rd Edition rules .
New renewables ( small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels ) accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
The origins of thrash metal are generally traced to the late 1970s and early 1980s , when a number of bands began incorporating the sound of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , creating a new genre and developing into a separate movement from punk rock and hardcore .
With the asphyxiation of 183 children aged between three and 14 , the disaster is the worst of its kind in British history .
Paracelsus ( born Philippus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim , 11 November or 17 December 1493 - 24 September 1541 ) was a Renaissance physician , botanist , alchemist , astrologer , and general occultist .
Many administrators routinely check this category .
July 19 & ndash ; Battle of Halidon Hill : Edward III defeats Sir Archibald Douglas , during the last of the Wars of Scottish Independence .
Lake Eyre has been a site for various land speed record attempts on its salt flats , especially those by Donald Campbell with the Bluebird-Proteus CN7 .
It occupies the site of the former Kan ` ei-ji , a temple closely associated with the Tokugawa shoguns , who had built the temple to guard Edo Castle against the north-east , then considered an unlucky direction .
Weber found that the smallest noticeable difference in weight ( the least difference that the test person can still perceive as a difference ) , was proportional to the starting value of the weight .
Whewell introduced what is now called the Whewell equation , an equation defining the shape of a curve without reference to an arbitrarily chosen coordinate system .
Vibrations are transmitted through the bridge ( s ) to the soundboard .
The Crusaders capture Caesarea Maritima .
After Japanese rule ended in Korea , Rhee returned to Seoul before the other independence leaders , since he was the only one well known to the Allies .
The was started as a response to needs of English learners ( EAL students ) and English teachers .
Duncan began his career in the oil industry with Royal Dutch Shell , and was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1992 general election .
A situation comedy , usually referred to as a sitcom , is a genre of comedy programs which originated in radio .
When one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time , a controller manipulates the inputs to a system to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system .
The highest point in Guinea is Mont Nimba at 1750 m. Although the Guinean and Ivorian sides of the Nimba Massif are a UNESCO Strict Nature Reserve , the portion of the so-called Guinean Backbone continues into Liberia , where it has been mined for decades ; the damage is quite evident in the Nzérékoré Region at .
Dickey , Just Win , Baby , p. 10 .
No forms of sexual activity took place in those harems .
In Islamic philosophy , skepticism was established by Al-Ghazali ( 1058 - 1111 ) , known in the West as '' Algazel '' , as part of the orthodox Ash ` ari school of Islamic theology .
It was created in 1812 by the German mineralogist Friedrich Mohs and is one of several definitions of hardness in materials science .
Domestic workers are often required by their employers to wear a uniform .
The species of Styphnolobium differ from Sophora in lacking the ability to form symbioses with rhizobia ( nitrogen fixing bacteria ) on their roots .
The English country house is generally accepted as a large house or mansion , once in the ownership of an individual who also usually owned another great house in town allowing one to spend time in the country and in the city .
The Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of BBC 's Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 .
In the episode , which is a satire of censorship issues , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames The Itchy & Scratchy Show for Maggie 's actions .
It sold over 286,000 copies in the first week , and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 .
His given name was Gennady Nikolayevich Anosov , but he adopted his mother 's maiden name in its masculine form for his professional career so as to avoid the appearance of nepotism .
perpendicular plate of ethmoid bone
Around 700 BC , Hesiod ( Theogony , Shield of Heracles ) increases the number of Gorgons to three -- Stheno ( the mighty ) , Euryale ( the far-springer ) , and Medusa ( the queen ) , and makes them the daughters of the sea-god Phorcys and of Keto .
Rebirth is the fourth studio album ( fifth overall ) by American singer Jennifer Lopez , released in the United States on March 1 , 2005 by Epic Records .
A winger and among the best in the world during his time , Conti was extremely fast , a good passer and a skilled dribbler .
It takes its name from being smaller than the nearby island of Majorca .
Bienvillers-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
at :2004 text : Sonic Heroes
Ensuring that the food supply meets the population 's needs .
The Green Bay Packers are an American football team based in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Philatelie Polaire South Georgia stamps .
Stuart Pearson Wright , award winning artist , was born here in 1975 .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestlers involved .
A Web 2.0 site gives its users the free choice to interact or collaborate with each other in a social media dialogue as creators ( prosumer ) of user-generated content in a virtual community , in contrast to websites where users ( consumer ) are limited to the passive viewing of content that was created for them .
Clear records of the comet 's appearances were made by Chinese , Babylonian , and medieval European chroniclers , but were not recognized as reappearances of the same object at the time .
None of the material from those days is readily available , and since official Boards of Canada sources ignore the existence of this material , there seems to be little chance for this early material ever to resurface .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire .
Continental Congress Massachusetts sent Adams to the first and second Continental Congresses in 1774 and from 1775 to 1777 .
Because drivers ( for printers , scanners , tablets , etc. ) written for the older Mac OS are not compatible with Mac OS X , and due to the lack of Mac OS X support for older Apple machines , a significant number of Macintosh users have still continued using the older classic Mac OS .
The Russia national football team ( ) is the national football team of Russia controlled by the Football Union of Russia and affiliated with UEFA .
The province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
It is one of the important ancient Shiva Kshetras ( Shiva Temples ) of South India .
Doudeauville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jacques de la Palice , French nobleman and military officer ( b. 1470 )
Instead of a short nuclear exchange , the Kaled-Thal war was portrayed as a thousand-year-long war of attrition , fought with nuclear , biological and chemical weapons causing widespread mutations among the Kaled race .
In mathematics Eighteen is a composite number , its proper divisors being 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 and 9 .
The cecum of the koala is very long , enabling it to host bacteria specific for cellulose breakdown .
the more the electric current the more is the magnet 's strength .
The introduction of Buddhism has marked a change in Japanese society .
Pashto belongs to the Eastern IranianNicholas Sims-Williams , '' ` Eastern Iranian Languages ' '' , Encyclopaedia Iranica Online , available at www.iranica.com , Link branch of the Indo-Iranian language family .
Their blue blood 's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen more efficiently than in other cephalopods ( Seibel et al. .
Black Flag 's album Damaged was included in Rolling Stone magazine 's 2003 list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , and
He was twice elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament , the Althing .
Production began in February 2006 , and the film was finished by November .
Film and television In the 1962 film Journey to the Seventh Planet , astronauts on Uranus encounter a strange intelligence .
Influenced by both Mahatma Gandhi 's philosophy of non-violence and by more specifically Buddhist concepts , Aung San Suu Kyi entered politics to work for democratization , helped found the National League for Democracy on 24 September 1988 , and was put under house arrest on 20 July 1989 .
a cube with this surface area has sides of length 408 m
Henry IV ( possibly 3 April 1366 -- 20 March 1413 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland ( 1399 -- 1413 ) .
The badge is depicted suspended from the collar or circlet .
Ishman Bracey ( January 9 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi , considered one of the most important early delta blues performers .
Antonio Langella ( born March 30 , 1977 in Naples ) is an Italian football striker\/winger who currently plays for Serie A side Bari .
Donna Noble is a fictional character played by Catherine Tate in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Naturism promotes social nudity , but mostly on private properties or officially sanctioned public areas .
In the episode , Marge 's sister Selma is looking for a husband , so Marge orders Homer to help her find one .
Pitchfork Media link
Neoga was incorporated in 1856 . Neoga means '' deer '' in the Indian language Kickapoo .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
The album features songs that are considered today among Metallica 's most well-known songs , with songs such as '' Enter Sandman '' , '' The Unforgiven '' , '' Nothing Else Matters '' , '' Wherever I May Roam '' and '' Sad but True '' .
USB can connect computer peripherals such as mice , keyboards , digital cameras , printers , personal media players , flash drives , Network Adapters , and external hard drives . For many of those devices , USB has become the standard connection method .
The world ratio is 26 induced abortions per 100 known pregnancies .
II - - 36 - - 85 - - 1999 20th Century Hits 30 - - 8 37 - - - 2000 25 Jaar Na Daddy Cool - - - - - 27 - - 2006 The Magic of Boney M. 19 45 13 - 39 - - 2 Singles Singles chart peaking in various countries .
Fibers are also used for illumination , and are wrapped in bundles so they can be used to carry images , thus allowing viewing in tight spaces .
William Henry '' Bill '' Gates III ( born October 28 , 1955 ) is an American business magnate , philanthropist , author and chairman of Microsoft , the software company he founded with Paul Allen .
The family of rodents that include kangaroo rats , kangaroo mice and rock pocket mice is the Heteromyidae family .
Developmental Dictatorship and the Park Chung-hee Era ( Homa & Sekey , 2006 ) His rule was ended by his assassination in 1979 .
In 1997 , Toyota equipped their Century Limousine with a 5.0 L DOHC V12 ( model # 1GZ-FE ) , making it the first and only Japanese production passenger car so equipped .
Conway Twitty ( September 1 , 1933 -- June 5 , 1993 ) , born Harold Lloyd Jenkins , was an American country music artist .
is a train station in Saitama , Japan , on the Keihin-T hoku Line , Takasaki Line , and T hoku Main Line .
It is on the Victoria line between Victoria and Vauxhall in Zone 1 .
Windows Me was designed for home use , while Windows 2000 was designed for business .
Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The selection of a judge requires a two-third majority .
St. Gallen ( ; ; ; ) is the capital of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 1999 , and given the provisional designation S\/1999 U 2 .
The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger partnering Heinz Harald Frentzen .
In these animals , the use of sex has evolved beyond reproduction , to apparently serve additional social functions .
It weakened slightly after its eyewall passed over Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker , Belize , on October 1 .
Artist bio by Rock critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic hosted at VH1 .
He was affiliated to the Social Democratic Party .
Vera Menchik ( ; ) ( 16 February 1906 -- 27 June 1944 ) was a British-Czech chess player who gained renown as the world 's first women 's chess champion .
The name of the album came about when lead singer Fran Healy and his partner Nora were deciding on a name for their newly born son .
Pliny the Younger provided an account of his death , and suggested that he collapsed and died through inhaling poisonous gases emitted from the volcano .
The dots are conventionally numbered 1 , 2 , and 3 from the top of the left column and 4 , 5 , and 6 from the top of the right column .
Confederate resistance collapsed after Lee surrendered to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .
The female deposits the eggs in hollow logs , rock crevices , and other sites where they are likely protected from drying and high temperatures .
Brannens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Silence in Black and White is the debut album by Hawthorne Heights , released in 2004 under the label Victory Records .
He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943 , and grew up in Los Angeles .
Pope John Paul II beatified Fra Angelico on October 3 , 1982 and in 1984 declared him patron of Catholic artists .
In the 18th century , the Spanish government moved the city to its present place , away from the river , and brought families from the Canary Islands to live there .
The Trent is unusual amongst English rivers in that it flows north ( for the second half of its route ) , and in exhibiting a tidal bore , the '' Trent Aegir '' .
It is famous for the exceptional preservation of the soft parts of its fossils .
Adrian Willaert ( c. 1490 7 December 1562 ) was a Flemish composer of the Renaissance and founder of the Venetian School .
Provincia di Pavia ) is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy .
In the popular imagination , a lost city is a real , once prosperous and well-populated area of human habitation that fell into terminal decline and whose location was later lost .
In 1961 , J. D. Salinger denied Elia Kazan permission to direct a stage adaptation of Catcher for Broadway . More recently , Salinger 's agents received bids for the Catcher movie rights from Harvey Weinstein and Steven Spielberg , neither of which was even passed on to J. D. Salinger for consideration .
Historically goldsmiths have also made flatware , platters , goblets , decorative and serviceable utensils , and ceremonial or religious items , but the rising prices of precious metals have curtailed the making of such items to a large degree .
He was the youngest Vice President in U.S. history , elected at the age 35 , the minimum age required under the U.S. Constitution .
MS-DOS ( ; short for MicroSoft Disk Operating System ) is an operating system for x86-based personal computers .
It is often considered a branch of political science ( especially after 1988 UNESCO nomenclature ) , but an important sector of academia prefer to treat it as an interdisciplinary field of study .
Financial woes once more burdened the club in 1994 as it found itself 10 million DM in debt .
Especially in adolescents and young adults , the disease is characterized by fever , sore throat and fatigue , along with several other possible signs and symptoms .
Debra Messing Biography ( 1968 - ) Messing is Jewish , a descendant of immigrants from Russia and Poland .
September 24 Virgen de las Mercedes Non-working day .
In 1889 Young was the first town in Australia other than the capital cities to install electricity into the streets and homes of the township .
The city was officially referred to as Trivandrum in English until 1991 , when the government decided to reinstate the city 's original name Thiruvananthapuram in all languages .
Granat was president of Miramax 's Dimension Films division , and Flaherty came from the world of education .
Beowulf ( , Old English ) is a legendary Geatish hero and later turned king in the epic poem named after him , one of the oldest surviving pieces of literature in the English language .
Niacin is involved in both DNA repair , and the production of steroid hormones in the adrenal gland .
The current asteroid belt is believed to contain only a small fraction of the mass of the primordial belt .
This was the male specimen '' Incas , '' who died within a year of his mate '' Lady Jane . ''
Report of the World Commission on Environment and Development , General Assembly Resolution 42/187 , 11 December 1987 .
As of 2008-2010 metro expansion program .
Beaumont is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
A tornado is not necessarily visible ; however , the intense low pressure causing the high wind speeds ( as described by Bernoulli 's principle ) and rapid rotation ( due to cyclostrophic balance ) usually causes water vapor in the air to become visible as a funnel cloud or condensation funnel .
The town of Dubai was an important port of call for foreign tradesmen , chiefly those from India , many of whom eventually settled in the town .
Spruce may also refer to :
Lieutenant Chuma tried to free his submarine by using a sawtooth metal cutter which only entangled it further .
Marcenais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Many species are well known for their specialized toe pads that enable them to climb smooth and vertical surfaces , and even cross indoor ceilings with ease ( it is believed that the van der Waals force may contribute to this capability ) .
Records .
Father Damien was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday 11 October 2009 .
This method moves the page history , making user contributions displayed as being to the archive page rather than the original page , and makes it difficult to search for past edits to the talk page by a certain user .
Worldwide , 48 % of all induced abortions are unsafe .
Caravaca de la Cruz ( or simply and more commonly Caravaca ) is a town and municipality of southeastern Spain in the province of Murcia , near the left bank of the River Argos , a tributary of the Segura . This city is the capital of the northwest Region of Murcia .
Classical notions of abiogenesis , now more precisely known as spontaneous generation , held that certain complex , living organisms are generated by decaying organic substances .
It usually receives of rain per year .
Ellegarden is a Japanese rock group formed in December 1998 in Chiba , Japan .
Meservey was founded in 1886 , shortly after a railroad line was built connecting Mason City and Fort Dodge . It takes its name from the Meservey Brothers who were railroad employees at this time .
He thereupon abandoned the Netherlands , which Habsburg diplomats had already decided to give up .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
By 1935 , Germany was openly flouting the military restrictions set forth in the Versailles Treaty , and conscription was reintroduced on 16 March 1935 .
Some of his other writings include the book ' and the treatise on beauty A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origins of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful .
In 1825 he produced his masterpiece , La dame blanche ( revived in the Salle Favart in 1997 and recorded by the conductor Marc Minkowski ) .
A chemist is a scientist trained in the science of chemistry .
The name '' Pluto '' was proposed by Venetia Burney ( later Venetia Phair ) , an eleven-year-old schoolgirl in Oxford , England .
Crittenden is a city in Grant County , Kentucky , United States .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
George and Ruth had two daughters and a son : Francis Clare ( 19 September 1915-2001 ) , Beridge Ruth , known as ` Berry ' ( 16 September 1917-1953 ) , and John ( born 1920 ) .
This established the system , which is still operated , whereby royal authority to approve candidates for grants of arms is exercised by the Earl Marshal , and royal authority to grant the arms themselves is exercised by the Kings of Arms from the College of Arms .
The River Aln runs through the county of Northumberland in England , discharging into the North Sea on the east coast of England .
Laboratory Life , Sage , Los Angeles , USA .
The FLO International Fairtrade certification system covers a growing range of products , including bananas , honey , oranges , cocoa , coffee , shortbread , cotton , dried and fresh fruits and vegetables , juices , nuts and oil seeds , quinoa , rice , spices , sugar , tea and wine .
Addington is a village in south London , England , in the London Borough of Croydon .
The king is also involved in the special move of castling .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , ( including 88 Australians , and 38 Indonesian citizens ) .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
Upon approach of a train , a giant neon sign lit up with the words '' Stop-DEATH-Stop '' beneath a lighted skull and crossbones .
She had a contralto vocal range .
The advent of the Age of the Holy Spirit predicted by Joachim of Fiore , according to his interpretation of the Book of Revelation , chapter 6 .
Mehmed Kamil Pasha ( 1st time ) September 1885 September 1891 Turkish Ottoman , from Cyprus .
Note : Sometimes the '50s is used as shorthand for the 1950s , the 1850s , or other such decades in various centuries -- see List of decades
Maché is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In this taxonomic scheme moths belong to the sub-order Heterocera .
Boncourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
New beaches were assembled for the rafting industry and many natural sandbars , upon which many plant and animal species are dependent , were partially restored .
Honecker had predicted in January of that year that the wall would stand for a '' hundred more years '' if the conditions which had caused its construction did not change .
The band decided to release the album independently , and Their System Does n't Work For You became the debut release for the band 's own A-F Records .
While now associated almost exclusively with e-mail and other electronic messaging , the term originated with typewritten documents .
