August 18 & ndash ; Genghis Khan , founder of the Mongol Empire ( b. c. 1162 )
It was during this time that Johns first adopted the nickname Moondyne Joe .
In ancient times , Upper Egypt extended from south of the Nile Delta to the first cataract , while further upstream , the land was controlled by the ancient Kush civilization , that would later take over Egypt .
The Bald Eagle 's natural range covers most of North America , including most of Canada , all of the continental United States , and northern Mexico .
The sun , who has a baby 's face , makes baby noises during the show , and it rises and sets to begin and end the show .
Liettres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The show , known as Live with Regis and Kathie Lee when Kathie Lee Gifford was co-hosting , has aired since 1983 in New York City and 1988 nationwide .
Stiebing (/O1994/O) has '' Land of the Lords of Brightness '' ( William Stiebing , Ancient Near Eastern History and Culture ) .
'' Cop Killer '' is a 1992 song by American band Body Count , from its 1992 self-titled debut album .
This term may refer to :
She performed in a reading of Sheik and Sater 's new musical , Nero , in July 2008 at Vassar College .
Since Jack entered NASCAR competition his team has 260 NASCAR wins , 168 poles , 1,104 top-five and 1,838 top-10 finishes .
Homer made his debut with the rest of the Simpson family on April 19 , 1987 in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' .
It is now administered by the Serendip Foundation .
Improved output quality can also be achieved by human intervention : for example , some systems are able to translate more accurately if the user has unambiguously identified which words in the text are names .
The term '' fashion '' is frequently used in a positive sense , as a synonym for glamour , beauty and style .
This law is also called Kirchhoff 's point rule , Kirchhoff 's junction rule ( or nodal rule ) , and Kirchhoff 's first rule .
Other English versions Translated by Paul Robeson : ( flag/light relates to slightly different versions ) United forever in friendship and labour , Our mighty republics will ever endure .
He retired on 17 July 1920 , retaining the rank of Colonel .
Thus , it may be used for books , newspapers , magazines , encyclopedias , broadcast media , films , letters , history , philosophy , biography , and many other forms of communication .
Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat , seafood and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
They have cited Fear Factory , another industrial group , as a major influence .
The most notable of these is the silkworm , the larva of the domesticated moth Bombyx mori .
Construction works started on October 1 , 1985 .
Olives are often soaked in sodium hydroxide to soften them , while pretzels and German lye rolls are glazed with a sodium hydroxide solution before baking to make them crisp . Owing to the difficulty in obtaining food grade sodium hydroxide in small quantities for home use , sodium carbonate is often used in place of sodium hydroxide .
However , the flat terrain around the lake , coupled with a track design that features few true straights , means that the track is not conducive to overtaking or easy spectating unless in possession of a grandstand seat .
The ISO 3166 standard is maintained by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency ( ISO 3166\/MA ) , located at the ISO central office in Geneva , Switzerland .
Tapton Tapton ( ) lies west of Crookes .
Risks and liabilities Although instant messaging delivers many benefits , it also carries with it certain risks and liabilities , particularly when used in workplaces .
Miami would eventually become the host for WrestleMania XXVIII .
The term is often used as a clinomorphism , with ` compulsive profanity ' inaccurately referred to as being Tourette syndrome .
You may add a section Entitled '' Endorsements '' , provided it contains nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various parties- for example , statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a standard .
On the other hand , in Iran the chador does not require the wearing of a veil . Inside the home , particularly for urban women , both the chador and the veil have been discarded and there women and teenagers wore cooler and lighter garments , while in modern times , rural women continue to wear a light-weight printed chador inside the home over their clothing during their daily activities .
Overview of modern automatic machine guns Unlike semi-automatic firearms , which require one trigger pull per bullet fired , a machine gun is designed to fire bullets as long as the trigger is held down and ammunition is fed into the weapon .
The remains of two hijackers , potentially from Flight 11 , were also identified and removed from Memorial Park in Manhattan .
An illustration is a visualization such as a drawing , painting , photograph or other work of art that stresses subject more than form .
Tina Fey as Burrito
James Gaskell ( born 20 May 1990 in Crewe , England ) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership .
The Wars of the Roses were a series of dynastic civil wars for the throne of England fought between supporters of two rival branches of the royal House of Plantagenet : the houses of Lancaster and York ( the '' red '' and the '' white '' rose , respectively ) .
Internet Movie Database ( IMDb ) is an online database of information related to movies , television shows , actors , production crew personnel , video games and fictional characters featured in visual entertainment media .
In 1978 , Dietrich 's performance of the title track from her last film , Just a Gigolo , was issued as a single .
The use of '' floury '' types of potato is usually recommended , although '' waxy '' potatoes are sometimes used for a different texture .
After a select round of final US shows , Guided by Voices played their final show with their Detroit garage-rock protege band The Go as an opening act at The Metro in Chicago on December 31 , 2004 .
After graduating high school in 1951 , Chun gained entry into the prestigious Korea Military Academy ( KMA ) that year .
Taizo Kawamoto ( January 17 , 1914 & ndash ; September 20 , 1985 ) was a Japanese football player and manager .
The Franks were medieval Germanic tribes .
This was quickly followed up with two more top three hits , '' Take Your Shoes Off '' and '' ( Hooray , Hooray ! )
Marie Curie ( 1867 -- 1934 ) , Polish-French chemist and physicist , two time Nobel Prize winner
Van Buren was admitted to the bar in 1803 .
Elvira is convinced and descends to the street .
Smoot was born in Yukon , Florida .
The 1984 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which at the time was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
The city 's airport has a very large runway in Pakistan .
Released on 17 February 2000 , Gates Ushers in Next Generation of PC Computing With Launch of Windows 2000 it was the successor to Windows NT 4.0 , and is the final release of Microsoft Windows to display the '' Windows NT '' designation .
Mohamed Atta sat in business class seat 8D with Abdulaziz al-Omari in 8G and Suqami in 10B .
Administratively , the Visayas is divided into 3 regions , namely Western Visayas , Central Visayas and Eastern Visayas .
Peter Grimes is an opera by Benjamin Britten , with a libretto adapted by Montagu Slater from the Peter Grimes section of George Crabbe 's poem The Borough .
In Sotah 10b , Samael is Esau 's guardian angel , and in the Sayings of Rabbi Eliezer , he is charged with being the one who tempted Eve , then seduced and impregnated her with Cain .
More generally , dumplings may be any of a wide variety of dishes , both sweet and savoury , that are not necessarily dough-based .
Gardiner is an Honored Member of Canada 's Sports Hall of Fame , Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum , and the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
Gorj County has 2 municipalities , 7 towns and 61 communes
FIFA is responsible for the organization and governance of football 's major international tournaments , most notably the FIFA World Cup , held since 1930 .
Jet streams , or just jets in context , are fast flowing , narrow air currents found in the atmosphere of planets at the tropopause , the transition between the troposphere ( where temperature decreases with height ) and the stratosphere ( where temperature increases with height ) .
John Warnock Hinckley , Jr. ( born May 29 , 1955 ) attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan in Washington , D.C. on March 30 , 1981 , as the culmination of an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster .
Praseodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Pr and atomic number 59 .
Its chemical industry is named LONZA AG .
Currently , there is one elementary particle predicted by the Standard Model that has yet to be observed : the Higgs boson .
Due to very severe deaths and destruction in Hispaniola , Puerto Rico , the Bahamas and Southeastern United States , the name Jeanne was retired in the spring of 2005 by the World Meteorological Organization , and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Cet ) , is a red giant star estimated 200-400 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
This means that our understanding of the Cambrian biota surpasses that of later periods .
Wolfgang Fahrian ( born 31 May 1941 ) is a former German football player .
The active partner lies on their back while the woman kneels with her legs at their sides and her genitals on their mouth .
More than three thousand mourners attended his funeral , which was given full state honours , and he was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Engineer 's scale , a ruler-like device similar to the Architect 's scale , they are helpful when drawing rooms
Motohiro Yamaguchi ( born 29 January 1969 in Takasaki , Gunma , Japan ) is a Japanese former football midfielder .
The play concludes with the revelation that Luckless 's landlady is in reality the Queen of '' Old Brentford '' and that her daughter , Harriot , is now royalty .
If the compensation system uses chains , the chain is guided by a bar mounted between the counterweight railway lines .
It operates charter flights between Indonesian cities and other Asian countries .
Jaulgonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
'' Dig It '' is a song by The Beatles featured on their album Let It Be .
Its pear-shaped bell gives it a more covered timbre than that of the oboe , being closer in tonal quality to the oboe d'amore . Whereas the oboe is the soprano instrument of the oboe family , the cor anglais is generally regarded as the alto member of the family , and the oboe d'amore , pitched between the two in the key of A , as the mezzo-soprano member .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
Retrieved on 23 March 2008 .
At in length , the Murray rises in the Australian Alps , draining the western side of Australia 's highest mountains and , for most of its length , meanders across Australia 's inland plains , forming the border between New South Wales and Victoria as it flows to the northwest , before turning south for its final or so into South Australia , before emptying at Lake Alexandrina .
Once boot options have been selected , GRUB loads the selected kernel into memory and passes control to the kernel .
The whole interior of the St Mark 's Basilica in Venice is clad with elaborate , golden mosaics .
Note that 1900 is the last year of the 19th century ; 1901 is the first year of the 20th century .
info .
The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center , which they share with their local NBA rival , the Los Angeles Clippers , the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL , and the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA .
The architecture also shows German influence , which is also evident in people 's customs and food .
Cairns Army Airfield is located to the south of Daleville on the road to nearly Clayhatchee .
Although simple patterned or plain colored ones can cost as little as 1,500 ( about 15 US dollars ) , even a used obi can cost hundreds of dollars , and experienced craftsmanship is required to make them .
Thomas '' Tommy Sneakers '' Cacciopoli - Capo , operates in New Jersey , Queens and Westchester .
George Newbold Lawrence ( October 20 , 1806 -- January 17 , 1895 ) was an American businessman and amateur ornithologist .
Many Christians believe that the Sermon on the Mount is a form of commentary on the Ten Commandments .
Dennis Pitta ( born June 29 , 1985 ) is an American football tight end for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Ferques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Roller hockey sticks are usually the same as ice hockey sticks .
George Clymer ( March 16 , 1739 & ndash ; January 24 , 1813 ) was an American politician and founding father .
Gustav Klimt ( July 14 , 1862 - February 6 , 1918 ) was an Austrian Symbolist painter and one of the most prominent members of the Vienna Secession movement .
In contrast to earlier , largely failed attempts to establish mini computers as a new class of mainstream personal computing devices built around comparatively expensive platforms requiring proprietary software applications or imposing severe usability limitations , the recent success of netbooks can also be attributed to the fact that PC technology has now matured enough to allow truly cost optimized implementations with enough performance to suit the needs of a majority of PC users .
Treize-Septiers is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
After Phillips discovered Elvis Presley in 1954 , the Sun label turned to the rapidly expanding white audience and started recording mostly rock 'n' roll .
IKE is a measure of storm surge destructive potential , similar to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , though it is more complex and in many ways more accurate .
Edward was created Prince of Wales in June 1471 , following Edward IV 's restoration to the throne , and in 1473 was established at Ludlow Castle on the Welsh Marches as nominal president of a newly-created Council of Wales and the Marches .
Elsewhere , he became the Australian Opera 's Music Director in 1970 , conducting the first performance in the Sydney Opera House in 1973 ( the Australian premiere of War and Peace by Sergei Prokofiev ) .
Coutras is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
A type is a category of being
When the Northern Territory separated from South Australia , it retained Central Standard Time ; likewise , when the Australian Capital Territory was created , it retained Eastern Standard Time .
The Battle of Verdun was one of the critical battles during World War I on the Western Front .
In January 2006 , the pair won their third consecutive national title and qualified for the Olympics .
According to Apple , Leopard contains over 300 changes and enhancements over its predecessor , Mac OS X v10 .4 '' Tiger '' , covering core operating system components as well as included applications and developer tools .
Aamir Khan ( ; born Aamir Hussain Khan on 14 March 1965 ) is an Indian film actor , director and producer who has worked in a number of critically and commercially successful films and has established himself as one of the leading actors of Hindi cinema .
These settlers , led by Judge John J. Harper , intended to build a town that would be the religious and educational center for the area .
See also Referred itch Formication Personal grooming Pruritus ani References National Cancer Institute ( 2003 ) '' Pruritus '' Retrieved Aug. 22 , 2005 .
Once at Richmond , Madison began drafting the Report , though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery .
The process of determining which antecedent was intended is known as anaphore resolution .
Gatorade is a brand of flavored non-carbonated sports drinks manufactured by the Quaker Oats Company , now a division of PepsiCo .
The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season officially ran from June 1 to November 30 , 2006 .
Charles II ( 29 May 1630 OS -- 6 February 1685 ) was the King of England , Scotland , and Ireland .
Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band from Birmingham , formed in 1968 .
Today , the most visible evidence of the Nasrids is the Alhambra palace complex built under their rule .
Hamilton College - Campus Tour - Tour Pages The chapel is topped by a signature quill pen weather vane , which represents Hamilton College 's long standing commitment to producing graduates with exceptional writing and communication abilities .
Population 1962 3,336 1968 3,389 1975 3,194 1982 3,282 1990 3,407 1999 3,413 History Viviers became the capital of the Gaulish Helvii tribe following the decline of nearby Alba-la-Romaine .
As a result , he changed his name from Gaius Caecilius ( or Gaius Caecilius Cilo ) to Gaius Plinius Caecilius Secundus .
The older brother of Barthel Beham by two years , he was born into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
The first branch of cubism , known as Analytic Cubism , was both radical and influential as a short but highly significant art movement between 1907 and 1911 in France .
Xanton-Chassenon is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The National Library of China ( ) or NLC in Beijing is the largest library in Asia , and one of the largest in the world with a collection of over 23 million volumes .
Since the late 20th century , trousers have become prevalent for females as well .
Discovery It was discovered on April 20 , 1904 , by Max Wolf in Heidelberg , and initially catalogued as 1904 NY .
On 17 November 2009 it was announced by the team that former Toyota driver Timo Glock would be the team 's lead driver for the 2010 season .
The first 2009 Stock train entered passenger service on 21 July 2009 , and one new train will enter service every two weeks from early 2010 .
Healey was born in Mottingham , London , but moved with his family to Keighley in the West Riding of Yorkshire when he was five .
James Howard '' Jim '' Thome ( ; born August 27 , 1970 in Peoria , Illinois ) is an American Major League Baseball designated hitter for the Minnesota Twins .
Every year there are at least two lunar eclipses , although total lunar eclipses are significantly less common .
Run By Simonds of Botesdale
The western Riverina is presumed to be a continuation of the Ballarat and Bendigo geological zone while eastern sections are underlain by western portions of the Lachlan Fold Belt .
They are mainly spoken in southern India and parts of eastern and central India as well as in northeastern Sri Lanka , Pakistan , Nepal , Bangladesh , Afghanistan , Iran , and overseas in other countries such as Malaysia and Singapore .
He also drove for the HiTech\/Piquet Sports in the GP2 Series , winning his first race at Spa Francorchamps in Belgium , and tested for the BAR-Honda Formula 1 team .
Wolfgang Reitherman ( June 26 , 1909 - May 22 , 1985 ) joined Disney in 1935 as an animator and director .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
Linear scale , a means of showing the scale of a map , chart , or drawing
Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy ( ARVC ) arises from an electrical disturbance of the heart in which heart muscle is replaced by fibrous scar tissue .
Pommera is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1976 , the government made a strategic change and established the ADF to place the services under a single headquarters .
Its leaders included Maulana Mohammad Ali , his brother Shawkat Ali , and Abul Kalam Azad , Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari , and Barrister Muhammad Jan Abbasi .
Super Mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier Mario games .
Paul Birchall ( born October 8 , 1979 ) , better known by his ring name Paul Burchill , is an English professional wrestler .
Perth and Kinross ( Peairt agus Ceann Rois in Gaelic ) is one of 32 unitary council areas in Scotland , and a Lieutenancy Area .
The two '' ancient universities '' have many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge .
Over the following two days the group overdubbed vocals , piano , Hammond organ , anvil and guitar .
Conducting in North America Rattle made his North American conducting debut with the Los Angeles Philharmonic ( LAP ) in 1979 , and was their Principal Guest Conductor from 1981 -- 1994 .
Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture , especially in its music and regional dancing .
Eton has a very long list of distinguished former pupils .
The first knockout mouse was created by Mario R. Capecchi , Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies in 1989 , for which they were awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2007 .
Lalleyriat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It forms the practical part of a national memorial to the Prince Consort - the decorative part is the Albert Memorial directly to the north in Kensington Gardens , now separated from the Hall by the heavy traffic along Kensington Gore .
Between the 7th and 20th centuries , Arab slave trade ( also known as slavery in the East ) took 18 million slaves from Africa via trans-Saharan and Indian Ocean routes .
The Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) is a federal law enforcement agency under the United States Department of Justice , tasked with combating drug smuggling and use within the United States .
He is known for his elaborate bass patterns in their songs .
Surgery Door .
Kleine Wundartzney .
Leland is a city in Winnebago County , Iowa , United States .
Pryer , Kathleen M. , Eric Schuettpelz , Paul G. Wolf , Harald Schneider , Alan R. Smith and Raymond Cranfill .
Disputed applications to the Land Registry are determined by the Adjudicator to HM Land Registry , an independent office created by the Land Registration Act 2002 . Under previous legislation this function had been the responsibility of the Chief Land Registrar .
The southern section is rainy and cool , the central Andes are dry .
The network was launched in June 2005 as a result of discussion held the previous year at the International Conference for Renewable Energies in Bonn , Germany .
In the end , Ibrehem and Stephenie changed their votes to Angie and she was voted out unanimously .
With the success and wide influence of Hegel 's writings , Kant 's influence began to wane , though there was in Germany a movement that hailed a return to Kant in the 1860s , beginning with the publication of Kant und die Epigonen in 1865 by Otto Liebmann . His motto was '' Back to Kant '' , and a re-examination of his ideas began ( See Neo-Kantianism ) .
The edible fruit closely resembles that of the orange ( Citrus sinensis ) , but is much smaller and oval , being approximately the size and shape of an olive .
Most species also have a high rainfall requirement and will not tolerate drought , but some of the more unusual camellias typically species from karst in Vietnam can grow without much rainfall .
Viola sororia , known commonly as the Common Blue Violet , is a stemless herbaceous perennial plant that is native to eastern North America . It is known by a number of common names including ; Common Meadow Violet , Purple Violet , Woolly Blue Violet , Hooded Violet and Wood Violet .
Reports from a nearby ship indicated that the low had become a surface feature by October 25 .
'' objectivity of empirical science '' redirects here .
The United States Army Reserve is the federal reserve force of the United States Army .
Pernant is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
While the history of body piercing is obscured by a lack of scholarly reference and popular misinformation , ample evidence exists to document that it has been practiced in various forms by both sexes since ancient times throughout the world .
In Arabic it translates into these word meanings ;
Peter H. Peeters ( born August 17 , 1957 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who was one of the NHL 's most colourful characters in the 1980s .
The show starred '' Captain '' Lou Albano as Mario , and the film starred Bob Hoskins .
It is a widespread misunderstanding that , when two slits are open but a detector is added to the experiment to determine which slit a photon has passed through , then the interference pattern no longer forms and the experimental apparatus yields two simple patterns , one from each slit , superposed without interference .
Childhood and early years Goodman was born in Chicago , the ninth of twelve childrenthe days of poor Jewish immigrants from the Russian Empire , The Official Benny Goodman Website who lived in the Maxwell Street neighborhood .
The red coloration derives from myoglobin , an oxygen-binding molecule , which tuna express in quantities far higher than most other fish .
His efforts helped bring about the independent and unified Italy in place of the several separate states , many dominated by foreign powers , that existed until the 19th century .
During the speech on life , Mr. Antolini has a number of '' highballs , '' referring to a cocktail served in a highball glass .
Liar Liar is a 1997 American comedy film written by Paul Guay and Stephen Mazur , directed by Tom Shadyac and starring Jim Carrey .
Polincove is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
An atomizer is a similar device that is pressurized by a hand-operated pump rather than by stored gas .
Fewer piano concertos were written in the late Romantic Period .
It was the scene of heavy fighting between Turkish and British troops during the landing at Cape Helles at the beginning of the Gallipoli Campaign in 1915 .
The slave-trade is sometimes called the Maafa by African and African-American scholars , meaning '' holocaust '' or '' great disaster '' in Swahili .
A clause consists of a subject and a predicate .
Jordan Lake Park , which is partially located in Wake County near Apex , contains 13940 a Jordan Lake and 46768 a of woodlands .
Smoked and salted cod roe paste , commonly served as sandwich topping , called kaviar , is popular in Sweden .
Dynamic equivalence ( also known as functional equivalence ) attempts to convey the thought expressed in a source text ( if necessary , at the expense of literalness , original word order , the source text 's grammatical voice , etc. ) , while formal equivalence attempts to render the text word-for-word ( if necessary , at the expense of natural expression in the target language ) .
Mitchell began a collaboration with Mingus , who died before the project was completed in 1979 . She finished the tracks ( most were her own Mingus-inspired compositions , though '' Goodbye Pork Pie Hat '' is a Mingus instrumental standard to which Joni composed lyrics ) and the resulting album , Mingus , was released in June 1979 , though it was poorly received in the press .
Just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
In the first year the plant grows leaves , stems , and roots ( vegetative structures ) , then it enters a period of dormancy over the colder months .
For example , the white notes of a keyboard if played from any C continuing up an octave to the next C produce a C major scale .
This book described itself as a chronicle of early indigenous peoples of the Americas , portraying them as believing Israelites , and calling for their '' restoration '' to the Christian faith .
Madeleine McCann disappeared on the evening of Thursday , 3 May 2007 . She was on holiday with her parents and twin siblings in the Algarve region of Portugal .
Nearly all of the original specimens were lost during World War II , however ; yet authentic Weidenreichian casts do exist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York and at the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing , and are considered to be reliable evidence .
The Thames Valley region is a major tourist destination in the United Kingdom , both for domestic and international tourists .
Upon entering the area of responsibility of the Canadian Hurricane Centre , a Canadian buoy recorded maximum sustained winds of 36 mph ( 56 km/h ) with gusts to 44 mph ( 70 km/h ) .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura - the largest natural lake being Lac de Chalain , measuring 3 km long and 1 km wide .
The city public transit in Odessa is currently represented by trams ( streetcars ) , trolleybuses , buses and fixed-route taxis ( marshrutkas ) .
It also helps keep out outside air , reducing infiltration though the opening . They can also be used to avoid cold drafts by mixing in warm air heated by the air curtain .
The group released six singles from the album , the most successful being '' Combat Baby '' , which was featured as a free single on iTunes in 2004 .
Multiplicity of gamete types within a species would still be considered a form of sexual reproduction .
Syracuse University ( also referred to as SU , Syracuse , or the ` Cuse ) is a private research university located in Syracuse , New York .
Peter Fox ( born Pierre Baigorry ; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox ) Born 3 September 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin .
A Clayton , Squadron Leader H. W. G. J. Penderel , three Arab car drivers and a cook .
Google Chrome OS is an upcoming Linux-based , open source operating system designed by Google to work exclusively with web applications .
It is bordered by Germany to the southwest , west , and northwest , Poland to the north-east , the Czech historical region of Moravia to the east , and Austria to the south .
The Lancaster Barnstormers is an American professional baseball team based in Lancaster , Pennsylvania .
The protagonist , the titular character , Asterix , along with his friend Obelix have various adventures .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet ( exchanging textual messages in real time ) .
On January 1 , 2006 Alveringem had a total population of 4,887 .
In August 2009 , Keneally was alleged to be one of the names being put forward in a challenge to wrest the leadership from NSW Premier Nathan Rees . Keneally responded to the accusations by stating : '' He ( Nathan Rees ) has my support ( as Premier ) '' and it was reported that she insisted she would never be Premier of New South Wales , something that was continuously disputed in the media .
October 9 & ndash ; The hangul alphabet is created in Korea by King Sejong the Great of Joseon .
HEADING Dynasties and rulers
King James I of Cyprus inherits the title of King of Armenia after the death of his distant cousin Leo VI ( although the Mamluk conquerors from Egypt remain the true rulers ) .
Samoussy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
They are then beaten by the pigeons .
Timothy F. LaHaye ( born April 27 , 1926 ) is an American evangelical Christian minister , author , and speaker .
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
Civil War Rykov returned from Siberia after the February Revolution of 1917 and re-joined the Bolsheviks , although he remained skeptical of their more radical inclinations .
The APT-E consisted of two driving power cars ( PC1 and 2 ) and two trailer cars ( TC1 and 2 ) .
In 1902 , seven of his first stories appeared in national magazines and over the next decade he wrote many short stories and articles , contributing to nationally published magazines including Harper 's Monthly Magazine and the Saturday Evening Post , as well as carrying out extensive research on his family 's genealogy .
in ransom , and parachuted from the plane .
One of Phaethon 's most remarkable distinctions is that it approaches the Sun closer than any other numbered asteroid ; its perihelion is only 0.140 AU -- less than half Mercury 's perihelion distance .
Spear of Destiny , a prequel to Wolfenstein 3D , was released a short time after the original game , using the same engine . A first person shooter called Rise of the Triad was going to be the sequel to Wolfenstein 3D , but the idea was postponed , and the game took off in a different direction .
Nummi-Pusula was formed in 1981 from the former municipalities Nummi and Pusula .
Football Club United of Manchester ( F.C. United of Manchester , FC United , FCUoM or FCUM for short ) is a semi-professional English association football club based in Bury , Greater Manchester , and currently playing in the Northern Premier League Premier Division , the 7th tier of league football .
Astatine ( or ) is a radioactive chemical element with the symbol At and atomic number 85 .
Between 1922 -- 1923 he was a senator of the Second Rzeczpospolita .
La Silla Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes .
The wick is usually soaked in alcohol or paraffin , rather than petrol .
Oslo was destroyed several times by fire , and after the fourteenth calamity , in 1624 , King Christian IV of Denmark ( and Norway ) ordered it rebuilt at a new site across the bay , near Akershus Fortress and given the name Christiania .
Devonshire married Charlotte Boyle , 6th Baroness Clifford , daughter of the famous architect Richard Boyle , 3rd Earl of Burlington ( on whose death in 1753 the earldom of Burlington became extinct ) .
Mayhem is a Norwegian black metal band formed in 1984 in Oslo , Norway .
Taupe ( , rhymes with '' rope '' ) is a dark grayish-brown color .
Highly mobile and migratory , this shark is most often found over the edge of the continental shelf down to a depth of .
North Scottsdale is currently the most actively developed area of Scottsdale as it was historically the least built up .
'' Breakthru '' is the joint of two songs : '' A New Life Is Born '' , by Mercury , and '' Breakthru '' , written by Taylor and including a lot of input by the others , particularly in the key change .
In architecture and building engineering , a floor plan , or floorplan , is a diagram , usually to scale , showing the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Upon its completion , the building surpassed Aon Center in Los Angeles to become the tallest building in the United States west of the Mississippi River , a title it held until Los Angeles ' Library Tower , now known as the U.S. Bank Tower , was built in 1990 .
Astro Nusantara was a satellite television service in Indonesia , operated by PT Direct Vision since 28 February 2006 , a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk , a subsidiary of Lippo Group .
This chapel , the building and decoration of which were commissioned by Enrico degli Scrovegni to atone for the sins of his father , is externally a very plain building of pink brick which was constructed next to an older palace that Scrovegni was restoring for himself .
First TimeUp-Front Works Discography -- First Time was released in July 1998 , featuring the singles '' Ai no Tane '' , '' Morning Coffee '' and '' Summer Night Town '' .
Here , the energy of negative emotions or kleshas , called poisons , are transformed into the luminous energy of enlightened awareness or gnosis ( jnana ) yielding rigpa .
Geffen Records is an American record label , owned by Universal Music Group , and operated as one third of UMG 's Interscope-Geffen-A & M label group .
It is located between mainland China and the Korean peninsula .
They play their home games at Paul Brown Stadium in Downtown Cincinnati and currently conduct summer training camp at Georgetown College in Georgetown , Kentucky .
Jaschiu and the other children run away , leaving Tadzio on the beach alone with Aschenbach .
As of the 2001 census , it has a population of 1,018,541 in the city proper , and about 1.5 million in total when including the suburbs located in the Pool Region .
Pieve di Santa Maria ( built before the 11th century ) .
The guppy , also known as the millionfish , is one of the most popular freshwater aquarium fish species in the world .
Those that pay the tax receive an official stamp on their documents .
Three years following the release of This Side , Nickel Creek released their fifth album , Why Should the Fire Die ? .
Atsuhiro Miura ( , born 24 June 1974 in ita , Japan ) is a Japanese football midfielder .
On 17 May 1788 she landed at Lord Howe Island for birds and vegetables , and arrived in England on 15 June 1789 .
Pieces from the late 1960s take up these techniques and tend towards experimental and a violent character - these include Revelation and Fall ( based on a poem by Georg Trakl ) , the music theatre pieces Eight Songs for a Mad King and Vesalii Icones , and the opera Taverner .
Uses Arabians are versatile horses that compete in many equestrian fields , including Horse racing , the horse show disciplines of Saddle Seat , Western Pleasure , and Hunt seat , as well as Dressage , Cutting , Reining , Endurance riding , Show jumping , Eventing , youth events such as equitation , and others .
Por tierras de Indios , about the experiences of the author under the Indians in Brazil , originally written in Spanish , 1946 .
Ouilly-le-Vicomte is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
April 25 & ndash ; King Sancho IV of Castile ( b. 1257 )
Saint-Brice is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Thai ( Phasa Thai , Royal Thai General System of Transcription : phasa thai ; ISO 11940 transliteration : ) is the national and official language of Thailand and the mother tongue of the Thai people , Thailand 's dominant ethnic group .
After World War I ended with the armistice of 11 November 1918 , the armed forces were dubbed Friedensheer ( peace army ) in January 1919 .
Benn played his junior hockey with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) prior to turning professional .
Diego Ribas da Cunha ( born 28 February 1985 ) commonly known as just Diego , is an international Brazilian footballer who plays for VfL Wolfsburg and was also a member of the Brazilian national team .
It is one of the three important dietary monosaccharides along with glucose and galactose .
Author Shere Hite notes in The Hite Report that most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
In other countries , McDonald 's restaurants are operated by joint ventures of McDonald 's Corporation and other , local entities or governments .
It is located in Canberra , the nation 's capital city .
American style housing was built , together with a library and a small hospital .
Although not entirely successful in their own right -- they were seen as underpowered , unreliable , and ultimately not economically viable -- the Blue Pullmans demonstrated the possibility of high-speed fixed-formation multiple-unit inter-city train services , and inspired the later development of the Inter City 125 , which resembles them in having an integral power car at each end of the train .
Over his career , Young wrote 45 books , including novels and non-fiction for adult and youth audiences .
Roe from carp is less common and barbel roe is also occasionally used .
Chabad maintains institutions in around 950 cities around the world , and in the early 21st century there were an estimated 3,300 Chabad institutions around the worldGelbwasser , Michael , Sun Chronicle , March 31 , 2007Religion today , By EMILY FREDRIX , December 6 , 2007 Associated PressAbout Chabad-Lubavitch on the official Chabad website , Chabad.org .
The highest elevation is 4.5 m above sea level , which gives Tuvalu the second-lowest maximum elevation of any country ( after the Maldives ) .
Fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season , developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 25 .
Almas Tower has 74 floors , 70 of which are commercial alongside four service floors .
He discovered the Bogan and then , early in 1829 , the upper Darling , which he named after the Governor .
The name caecilian derives from the Latin word caecus , meaning '' blind '' , referring to the small or sometimes non-existent eyes .
Only four of the shared players chose to join the Hallé , so when Barbirolli arrived he had to rebuild the orchestra in weeks , a task he fell to with enthusiasm .
iWork integrates with existing applications from Apple 's iLife suite through the Media Browser , which allows users to drag and drop music from iTunes , movies from iMovie , and photos from iPhoto and Aperture directly into iWork documents .
The Falkirk Stadium is a football stadium in Falkirk in central Scotland , which plays host to the home matches of Falkirk .
In 1870 , this was changed to Tonbridge by the GPO due to confusion with nearby Tunbridge Wells , despite Tonbridge being a much older settlement .
In Heidelberg , he met Hedwig Schallenberg , who later became his wife .
An elastic collision is an encounter between two bodies in which the total kinetic energy of the two bodies after the encounter is equal to their total kinetic energy before the encounter . Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms .
Zimbabwe boasts several major tourist attractions . Victoria Falls on the Zambezi River , which are shared with Zambia , are located in the north west of Zimbabwe .
The title of laboratory is also used for other facilities where the or used are similar to those in scientific laboratories .
The proportion of unfree and free tenures could likewise vary greatly , with more or less reliance on wage labour for agricultural work on the demesne .
The subgenus is distinguished from other subgenera ( peaches , cherries , bird cherries , etc. ) in the shoots having a terminal bud and the side buds solitary ( not clustered ) , the flowers in groups of one to five together on short stems , and the fruit having a groove running down one side and a smooth stone ( or pit ) .
During this time , the city dominated much of the Maya region politically , economically , and militarily , while interacting with areas throughout Mesoamerica such as the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the distant Valley of Mexico .
Maltese is the national language and a co-official language , alongside English .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
A second way to show division is to use the obelus ( or division sign ) , common in arithmetic , in this manner : This form is infrequent except in elementary arithmetic .
It is also commonly referred to as the '' head '' of the penis .
Valentin Kozmich Ivanov ( ) ( born November 19 , 1934 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a football winger/striker , co-leading scorer at the 1962 World Cup and co-1960 European Nations ' Cup top scorer .
Princeton University Press , Princeton and it is also frequent in plants and fungi .
Student Views Toward U.S. Policy in Southeast Asia ; Hearings Before an Ad Hoc Committee of Members of the House of Representatives ; 91st Congress , 2nd Session , July 22 , 1969 .
After the death of Matilda of Tuscany , the city began to constitute itself an independent commune , with a charter in 1160 .
On appeal , the Bundesgerichtshof ( High Court of Justice ) in 1994 reduced the penalty to a suspended sentence of two years .
Early life Joni Mitchell was born Roberta Joan Anderson on November 7 1943 , in Fort Macleod , Alberta , Canada , to Bill Anderson and Myrtle Anderson ( née McKee ) .
Horodnic de Sus is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Because of the strong flavor they are also an ingredient in several sauces , including Worcestershire sauce , remoulade and many fish sauces , and in some versions of Café de Paris butter .
Dolley spent her teenage years in Philadelphia , and attended Salem Academy in Winston-Salem , North Carolina .
A lymphocyte is a type of white blood cell in the vertebrate immune system .
In 1988 the $ 2 note was replaced by a coin .
Any ( normally any account older than 4 days with at least 10 edits ) can mark a page as patrolled .
George G. Blaisdell founded Zippo Manufacturing Company in 1932 , and produced the first Zippo lighter in early 1933 , being inspired by an Austrian cigarette lighter of similar design .
However , his father intended him to be a solicitor , and he attended Eton College , from there continuing on to Trinity College , Oxford .
'' The Ancient Maya '' , Robert J. Sharer , Loa P. Traxler Contributor Loa P. Traxler , p126 , Stanford University Press , 2006 , ISBN 0804748179 The last Maya states , the Itza polity of Tayasal and the Ko ` woj city of Zacpeten , were continuously occupied and remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century .
Amaterasu sent him to pacify Japan by bringing the three celestial gifts used by the emperor .
In 2005 , Miller scored in three consecutive internationals , with goals against Austria and Italy , before netting twice against Norway .
Humbert I becomes the first count of Savoy .
These categories replaced the previous method of ranking stadiums on one to five star scale in 2006 .
His elder brother Tobias is professional footballer who plays for SpVgg Unterhaching .
Whereas a mask is close-fitting , and often firm or hard , a veil is soft and may be loose-fitting .
On the same day , China 's Chengdu Military Area Command dispatched 50,000 troops and armed police to help with disaster relief work in Wenchuan County .
All subsequent Disney Interactive Studios DS games are expected to include DGamer features .
Wilhelm Richard Wagner ( , ; 22 May 1813 13 February 1883 ) was a German composer , conductor , theater director and essayist , primarily known for his operas ( or '' music dramas '' , as they were later called ) .
On several occasions the former Spiritualist medium Derek Acorah was supposedly possessed by an entity , sometimes evil or sometimes '' lost and confused '' .
If these formations grow together , the result is known as a column .
Sentience is a minimalistic way of defining '' consciousness '' , which is otherwise commonly used to collectively describe sentience plus other characteristics of the mind .
Tyson the Cyclops , whom Percy befriends at school that year , joins them on their journey .
It is the local variant of the international Independent Grocers Association .
In 1932 , Aden was separated from Bombay and made a separate province , and Sind became a separate province on April 1 , 1936 .
Its first published use is credited to Don Hoefler , a friend of Vaerst 's , who used the phrase as the title of a series of articles in the weekly trade newspaper Electronic News . The series , entitled '' Silicon Valley in the USA , '' began in the paper 's issue dated January 11 , 1971 .
The Bell River Wine Estate is nearby as is the Nangara Gallery , it has a collection of Aboriginal artefacts .
None of them are inhabited permanently , but some have weather stations or lighthouses on them .
When he hears the pin is Susanna 's , he is overcome with jealousy , especially as he recognises the pin to be the one that fastened the letter to the Count .
Accrington Stanley Football Club has officially had its own pub in the town , the Crown , since July 2007 .
The album , in addition to being the band 's first on a major record label , was their first to crack the Billboard 200 chart and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension ( PH or PHT ) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .
Gili Meno is an island in Indonesia , the middle of Lombok 's three Gilis .
The 1936 Winter Olympics , officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1936 in the market town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria , Germany .
Prior to the 12th century however , the first Thai or Siamese state is traditionally considered to be the Buddhist kingdom of Sukhothai , which was founded in 1238 .
Variations in the process that may affect the quality of the end product or service can be detected and corrected , thus reducing waste as well as the likelihood that problems will be passed on to the customer .
An insurer is a company selling the insurance ; an insured or policyholder is the person or entity buying the insurance policy .
Aegir or Saturn XXXVI ( provisional designation S\/2004 S 10 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
However , since 1988 , under the artistic leadership of Valery Gergiev , the Opera Company has entered a new era of artistic excellence and creativity .
Early life Clark was the eldest of four daughters of a Waikato farming family .
Web proxy A proxy that focuses on World Wide Web traffic is called a '' web proxy '' .
The main line runs from in the City of London to , with branch lines to , and .
Specifically , is the angle between the orbit 's periapsis ( the point of closest approach to the central point ) and the orbit 's ascending node ( the point where the body crosses the plane of reference from South to North ) .
Thermal conductivity is measured in watts per kelvin per metre ( W K 1 m 1 ) .
The township was established a few years later and subsequent gold mining , predominantly driven by the Port Phillip and Colonial Mining Company saw the town 's population rising to well over 6,000 residents in the late 1880s .
wikipedia as well as most other Wikimedia projects .
Alberta covers an area of , an area about 5 % smaller than Texas or 20 % larger than France .
His TV works spanned a 20-year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show ( 1963 -- 66 ) , I Dream of Jeannie ( 1965 -- 70 ) and Hart to Hart ( 1979 -- 84 ) , but it was not until after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling novels such as Master of the Game (/O1982/O) , The Other Side of Midnight (/O1973/O) and Rage of Angels (/O1980/O) that he became most famous .
Originally intended to carry passenger and freight trains by day and night , the Shinkansen lines carry only passenger trains .
The Italian Football Championship of 1898 was a major event in the footballing history of Italy .
For example , some Muslim countries will not issue visas to nationals of Israel or those whose passports bear evidence of visiting Israel .
In George Jesse 's Researches into the History of the British Dog from 1866 , the early 17th century poet and writer Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man 's hand and to the : Standards for the Pocket Beagle were drawn up as late as 1901 ; these genetic lines are now extinct , although modern breeders have attempted to recreate the variety .
Sega sponsored the group 's '' Wonder 3 '' tour , painting Sonic on the tour bus , distributing pamphlets advertising the game , and having footage of the game broadcast above stage prior to its release .
Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His increasingly nationalistic views and the effectiveness with which he articulated them led Webster to become one of the most famous orators and influential Whig leaders of the Second Party System .
Offenbach am Main is a city in Hesse , Germany , located on southside of the river Main just next to Frankfurt am Main .
History The Whittier Glacier near Whittier was named for the American poet John Greenleaf Whittier in 1915 .
This is the same list used for the 1982 season .
Published by University of California Press in 1961 .
The gang arrived in the town on Saturday 8 February 1879 .
Koxinga was son of a former merchant who styled himself as a Ming Dynasty loyalist ; he hoped to marshal his troops on Taiwan and use it as a base to regain mainland China for the Ming Dynasty .
At the Congress of Vienna of 1814 - 15 , the territory of Geneva was extended to cover 15 Savoyard and six French parishes , with more than 16,000 Catholics ; at the same time it was admitted to the Swiss Confederation .
The word '' Accountant '' is derived from the French word , which took its origin from the Latin word .
Development on EarthBound took place as a joint effort between Ape , Inc. and HAL Laboratory , Inc. and was designed by Shigesato Itoi .
Thong is a hamlet southeast of Gravesend in Kent , England .
Computer System engineers are involved in many hardware and software aspects of computing , from the design of individual microprocessors , personal computers , and supercomputers , to circuit design .
The station is in Travelcard zone 1 .
Her works published between 1946 and 1971 introduced new views by combining traditional spadework with linguistics and mythological interpretation , but earned a mixed reception by other professionals .
Dubliners is a collection of 15 short stories by James Joyce , first published in 1914 .
Murs is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
Rasteau is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
The natural chemical balance of grapes is such that they can ferment without the addition of sugars , acids , enzymes or other nutrients .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green ( born February 17 , 1949 ) is an American football head coach for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League . During his National Football League career , Green coached the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals .
The Chevrolet Malibu ( named after Malibu , California ) is a mid-size car produced in the United States by General Motors .
Beaver is a town in and the county seat of Beaver County , Oklahoma , United States .
Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after a Batista Bomb .
As of September 2007 , Tom was using Gibson guitars .
It is notable as the nearest station to Stamford Bridge stadium , the home of Chelsea Football Club .
The school eventually incorporated a new emblem and changed its motto to Life To The Full , which comes from the Gospel according to John : '' I have come that they may have life and have it to the full '' ( John 10:10 ) .
His song-cycles from this period were premiered by artists as illustrious as Peter Pears ( Anon .
He received the nickname '' Butch '' as a youth and continues to use the name professionally as an adult .
Formed in Dayton , Ohio in the early 1980s , Guided by Voices began their career as a bar band working the local scene .
The name of the group or artist ( '' the act '' ) in plain text only .
In the early 1960s , Rhine founded the Foundation for Research on the Nature of Man .
The Province of Bergamo is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
The Bucegi Mountains ( Romanian : Mun ii Bucegi , Hungarian : Bucsecs-hegys ég ) are located in central Romania , south of the city Bra ov .
Some decks made from maple ply are dyed to create various different colored ply .
According to Christmas custom , any two people who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are obliged to kiss .
From 1943 to 1950 , he worked at Indiana University .
The quartet first met Dmitri Shostakovich in 1946 and became his interpreter .
This tree , because it was planted under the direction of Ananda , came to be known as the Ananda Bodhi .
A squall is a sudden , sharp increase in wind speed which is usually associated with active weather , such as rain showers , thunderstorms , or heavy snow .
Rajeev Kumar ( ) is an activist and educator from New Delhi , India .
Births November 3 -- Lucan , Roman poet December 30 -- Titus Flavius , Roman emperor ( 79-81 ) .
Also that night , Stone Cold and Kurt Angle faced off for the WWF Championship , and then-WWF Commissioner William Regal , who sat at ringside to ensure a fair match would take place , hit Kurt Angle with the championship , thereby backstabbing the WWF and costing Angle the title .
Nabringhen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Terence Chi-Shen Tao FRS ( born 17 July 1975 , Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian mathematician working primarily on harmonic analysis , partial differential equations , combinatorics , analytic number theory and representation theory .
About 5 8 percent of males , but less than 1 percent of females , are color blind in some way or another , whether it be one color , a color combination , or another mutation .
This massive event gathered an approximate 4 million visitors to Monterrey , and was mostly free of charge .
Sulz , Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland
While working in a bank , he started managing Soil , the band of Malakian and Tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio , where he was recording with his own band .
Volnay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
A Weekend in the City ( 2006 -- 2008 ) Bloc Party 's second album , A Weekend in the City , was produced by Garret '' Jacknife '' Lee .
Matthew Broderick as Simba ( teenager and adult )
She is known for her role as hectic supermom Lynette Scavo on the ABC show Desperate Housewives , which earned her an Emmy Award .
ISBN 9780062508348 ISBN 0062508342 Reynolds , John Myrdhin ( 1996 ) .
He was an honorary visiting professor of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology School of Economics ( 1984 ) .
August 11 & ndash ; While conducting a siege against the Song Dynasty city known as Fishing Town in the province of Chongqing , China , the Mongol Khagan , Mongke Khan , dies in the nearby hills .
Some games written specifically for the Game Boy Color can be played on older model Game Boys , whereas others can not ( see the Cartridges section for more about this ) .
The superscription of the Book of Zephaniah attributes its authorship to '' Zephaniah son of Cushi son of Gedaliah son of Amariah son of Hezekiah , in the days of King Josiah son of Amon of Judah '' ( 1:1 , NRSV ) .
Twelve pages long and a quarter of an inch thick , this board edition book had dimensions of 7.25 x 6.00 inches .
The Finnish Wikipedia is the edition of Wikipedia in the Finnish language .
Thus , Mariano was raised by his grandfather , a cabinet-maker who taught him to make wax figurines .
Omit the country if it does not differ from that specified at the field '' origin '' .
When Goodman was 16 , he joined one of Chicago 's top bands , the Ben Pollack Orchestra , with which he made his first recordings in 1926 .
John Phillip Key ( born 9 August 1961 ) is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party .
Another different form of counting to this is '' counting the '' ; for example , '' counting the '' number of pieces of fruit in a fruit bowl . In this form , the '' the '' refers to some things that are already '' given '' in some sense .
It has a population of about 250,000 inhabitants in the city proper and about 500,000 in the province .
Keisuke Shimizu is a Japanese football player , currently playing for Oita Trinita .
The city , made prominent by its medieval university , has a population of just under 165,000 , with 151,000 living within the district boundary .
While all the players were standing on a pillar , in a typical endurance Immunity challenge , the players were told that they 'd be tempted with various rewards for hopping off voluntarily .
It was set on the Pearl Islands of Panama , where the previous Survivor : Pearl Islands had just finished .
Brion is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The short story , written in 1958 and first published in the April 1959 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction , won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1960 .
CBC News : Corner Gas to end in spring 2009 , April 10 , 2008 .
Kitee Zoo , located in Kitee , Finland is the fourth biggest zoo in the country .
Close to 5,000 species of mollusc have been recorded on the reef , including the giant clam and various nudibranchs and cone snails .
Patric M. VerroneJosh WeinsteinEric HorstedMichael RoweDan Vebber
Several important cultural achievements were made in the decade , including publication of Roger Bacon 's important scientific work Opus Majus and Thomas Aquinas ' Summa contra Gentiles .
Written between 1589 and 1592 , Titus Andronicus may be Shakespeare 's earliest tragedy and is written in the form of a revenge tragedy , with characteristics similar to the work of the Roman playwright Seneca , specifically his play Thyestes , which included horrific scenes of severed hands , cannibalism , and rape . Although violence was not uncommon in Elizabethan plays , Titus Andronicus stands out due to the volume and extremity of the violent acts committed .
It is a branch of continuum mechanics , a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms , that is , it models matter from a macroscopic viewpoint rather than from a microscopic viewpoint .
Two weeks later , McMahon booked Triple H in a gauntlet match , consisting of two wrestlers beginning the match , and replacing whenever one is eliminated , with the last person standing being named the winner , against the Spirit Squad .
In 1998 , he was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies and has played for that team as well as the Sacramento Kings , Atlanta Hawks , and the Washington Wizards .
He himself was succeeded by another distinguished Franck pupil , Charles Tournemire .
Vallon-Pont-d ` Arc
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail .
Lately , 3D drawings can be embedded in PDF documents with Acrobat 3D using U3D or PRC and various other data formats .
In 1911 , the house underwent a large extension for the visit of King George V and Queen Mary .
In total , some 75,000 convicts were transported to Van Diemen 's Land , or about 40 % of all convicts sent to Australia .
Lawrence is a college town and is the home to the University of Kansas and Haskell Indian Nations University .
It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
'' A History of Greek Mathematics : From Thales to Euclid '' .
The first tropical depression of the season developed a day before the officiall season , on May 31 .
Baralle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The length of the minor arc of great circle is taken as the distance of two points on a surface of a sphere , namely great-circle distance . The great circles are the geodesics of the sphere .
'' Outspoken Dutch Politician Makes Inroads '' Born in the city of Venlo , raised as a Roman Catholic and having left the Church at his coming of age , Wilders attributes his politics to his support for what he calls ` Judeo-Christian values ' .
A prison ( from Old French prisoun ) Online Etymology Dictionary , retrieved on 2009-10-12 .
Her weekly , syndicated column appears in a number of newspapers and websites nationwide .
He is the author of Das Geheimnis der Runen ( The Secret of the Runes ) , which is a detailed study of the Armanen Futharkh , his intellectual world-view ( as realized in the years between 1902 and 1908 ) , an introduction to the rest of his work and is widely regarded as the pioneering work of Runology in modern occultism .
Ian opted to quit the challenge , conceding immunity to Tom , after Tom played on his remorse for hurting Katie 's feelings and breaking his promises to her , and Ian felt that dropping out would make up for the emotional damage he had done .
General Rommel , commander of the Axis forces in North Africa , had hoped to inflict a similar defeat on the allies in Tunisia as German forces did in the Battle of France in 1940 .
Senate confirms 6 Obama Cabinet officials , OMB director , CNN website , January 20 , 2009 .
The NASCAR races have affected the circuit layout .
Fielding also borrowed characters from the work of the Club 's members , such as the Goddess of Nonsense , influenced by Pope 's character from The Dunciad , Dulness , who is at war with reason .
User-assigned code elements are codes at the disposal of users who need to add further names of countries , territories , or other geographical entities to their in-house application of ISO 3166-1 , and the ISO 3166\/MA will never use these codes in the updating process of the standard .
It has two inconspicuous wattles above the eyes , which become prominent in the breeding season .
Note : There is no PowerPoint 5.0 , 6.0 or 7.0 for Mac . There is no version 5.0 or 6.0 because the Windows 95 version was launched with Word 7 .
Roquefort is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 70.1 km ( 27.1 mi ) .
An Irishman named Atlas uses the service radio found in the bathysphere to assist Jack in making his way to safety .
Pure , water-free acetic acid ( glacial acetic acid ) is a colourless liquid that absorbs water from the environment ( hygroscopy ) , and freezes at 16.5 C ( 62 F ) to a colourless crystalline solid .
The legal trademark on the term '' Muppet '' is currently held by The Muppets Holding Company ( now The Muppets Studio , LLC , a division of The Walt Disney Company ) ; although Sesame Workshop and The Jim Henson Company continue to use the term on their characters with certain permissions .
'' Assuredly , '' Maharbal replied , '' no one man has been blessed with all God 's gifts .
BR is a member of ARD .
Larix with short bracts , and sect .
January June January 5 A great fire breaks out in Eindhoven , Netherlands .
April 19 -- Archbishop Alphege of Canterbury is murdered by his Danish captors .
After his death in 395 , the Roman Empire was permanently divided .
Sokka decides to have a simulation fight against a scarecrow , but Aang refuses to kill it due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing , and even berates his friends as they tell him that he must eventually kill Ozai .
The population was 8,647 at the 2000 census .
Ai Takahashi joined Morning Musume in 2001 as part of the group 's fifth generation , along with Makoto Ogawa , Asami Konno , and Risa Niigaki .
Client Authentication The client sends a cleartext message of the user ID to the AS requesting services on behalf of the user .
However , the Church had their own ways to enforce peace , such as the Peace and Truce of God movement , for example .
-- online Spanish version here Friedlander , Noam ( 2005 ) .
However , they regard Ali 's acceptance of arbitration at the Battle of Siffin against Muawiya 's rebels as un-Islamic and as rendering him unfit for the Imamate , and they condemn Ali for killing the Muslims of an-Nahr in the Battle of Nahrawan .
The estimated population of New South Wales at the end of June 2010 was 7.24 million people .
The Blue-Throated Hummingbird , Lampornis clemenciae , is a species of hummingbird , a member of the Trochilidae family of birds .
It was named in April 2007 after Hyrrokkin , a giantess from Norse mythology , who launched Hringhorni , Baldr 's funeral ship .
It is part of the refractory metals group , which are widely used as minor component in alloys .
A minor application of ruthenium is its use in some platinum alloys .
The Great American Bash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced in the summer in either the month of June or July by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands are two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean situated on the edge of the continental shelf north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Roti at .
In 222 BC , the Romans conquered this settlement , which received the name Mediolanum .
They were connected by a stairway set at right angles ( they were not spiral ) .
Since 2005 MGA Entertainment has been involved in a lengthy legal dispute with Mattel over the rights to the Bratz design . Though Bratz dolls fared poorly at their May 2001 debut , their popularity increased the following Christmas .
The creature also preys on young children , robs graves , drinks blood , steals coins and eats the dead , taking on the form of the one they previously ate .
The first official flag was adopted in December 1922 at the First Congress of Soviets of the USSR .
Cordebugle ( pro .
NSE commenced operations in the Wholesale Debt Market ( WDM ) segment in June 1994 .
David Blaney born 3 March , 1979 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
The publication of Coleman 's newspaper was interrupted by the American Civil War , but three years after the war he founded the Coleman 's Rural World .
It is the sequel to the original Dancing with the Stars game .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
Daytona Beach is a principal city of the Deltona - Daytona Beach - Ormond Beach , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area , which the census bureau estimated had a 2006 population of 496,575 . Daytona Beach is a principal city in the Fun Coast region of the state of Florida .
In addition to this there are 12 variants ( 3 weight classes , 2 genders , 2 outfits ) of the Mii , the digital avatar created by Nintendo .
At this time the township developed and the Post Office opened on September 4 , 1863 ( closed in 1971 , though offices at Greta West and Greta South remained open until 1994 ) .
The V6 is one of the most compact engine configurations , shorter than the straight 4 and in many designs narrower than the V8 engine , and is well suited to the popular transverse engine front-wheel drive layout .
In general , there are two forms of ( homogeneous ) non-Euclidean geometry , hyperbolic geometry and elliptic geometry .
It is confirmed that the year 1001 was claimed to be the beginning of the 11th century and the 2nd millennium .
Hiroshi Morita is a Japanese football player who has recently played for Thai Port FC .
He revised it by 1736 , performing it again on March 30 , 1736 , this time including two organs in the instrumentation .
Joshamee Gibbs Also goes by the name '' Mr. Gibbs '' .
Many local authorities in Scotland fly the Saltire from Council Buildings , however in 2007 Angus Council approved a proposal to replace the Saltire on Council Buildings with a new Angus flag , based on the council 's coat of arms .
Takashi Mizunuma ( born May 28 , 1960 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Timothy '' Tim '' James McIlrath ( born November 3 , 1979 ) is an American rock musician . He is the lead singer , rhythm guitarist , songwriter and co-founder for the American punk rock band Rise Against .
Ambroise 's Estoire de la Guerre Sainte , 2 volumes .
Probably the most splendid Roman basilica ( see below ) is the one constructed for traditional purposes during the reign of the pagan emperor Maxentius and finished by Constantine I after 313 .
September 22 , 1997 - During this episode of Raw is War , Vince McMahon receives his first Stone Cold Stunner from Stone Cold Steve Austin .
Ryang Yong-Gi ( ; born 7 January 1982 in Tadaoka , Osaka ) is a Japanese-born North Korean footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai in the J. League Division 1 .
The final blow to these efforts came in 1917 when Mexico passed laws prohibiting the sale of land to foreigners .
The channel 's business day programs use the same on-air look like CNBC Europe .
The program honors the year 's biggest achievements in music , movies , sports , television , fashion and more , as voted on by teens aged 13 - 19 .
He later moved to Noida , Uttar Pradesh , where he did 11th and 12th Standard from St. Anselm 's Sr. . Sec .
April 10 & ndash ; Charles V the Duke of Lorraine is appointed commander of the Imperial army .
Local residents often call it '' the Abbey '' , although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey .
Clients selected one model , specified colors and fabrics , and had a duplicate garment tailor-made in Worth 's workshop .
Wood Street railway station is in Walthamstow , now part of the London Borough of Waltham Forest in north east London .
There is confusion on the exact date .
Kenji Fukuda is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ehime F.C. .
Users who continue to create or repost such pages and images , especially those in violation of our biographies of living persons policy , will be blocked from editing Wikipedia .
Third , for some color blind people , color can only be distinguished if there is a sufficient '' mass '' of color : thin lines might appear black while a thicker line of the same color can be perceived as having color .
The common krait ( Bungarus caeruleus ) is a type of krait that is found in the jungles of the Indian sub-continent .
( The poster identifies the horse as '' Zanthus '' . )
Spokane is a city located in the Northwestern United States in the state of Washington .
Baduhenna is solely attested by Tacitus ' Annals where Tacitus records that a grove in Frisia was dedicated to her , and that near this grove 900 Roman prisoners were killed in 28 CE .
In 1968 Baader and his girlfriend Gudrun Ensslin were convicted of the arson bombing of a department store in Frankfurt am Main to protest the public 's '' indifference '' to the '' genocide '' in Vietnam .
Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod .
The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas ; this system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels which emerge eventually into open channels whose flow can be directed and regulated .
A cockatoo is any of the 21 bird species belonging to the family Cacatuidae .
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
Most cases are due to infection with viruses , with bacteria , fungi , and parasites being the next most common causes .
Proponents of incest between consenting adults draw clear boundaries between the behavior of consenting adults and rape , child molestation , and abusive incest .
Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After turning to the northeast , the circulation center merged with an approaching cold front on April 24 , and Tropical Storm Ana completed the transition into an extratropical cyclone .
Barrack may refer to :
This eclipse will occur on 13 November 2012 .
On the North it is bounded by the Barents Sea , on the West by the Norwegian Sea and on the East by the White Sea .
Camelus sivalensis ( fossil )
He is best known for the role of Simon Camden on the long running television series 7th Heaven .
Two groups of islands lie off the Peloponnesan coast : the Argo-Saronic Islands to the east , and the Ionian Islands to the west .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
The Olympic Movement encompasses a large number of national and international sporting organizations and federations , recognized media partners , as well as athletes , officials , judges , and every other person and institution that agrees to abide by the rules of the Olympic Charter .
Star Trek III : The Search for Spock is a 1984 motion picture released by Paramount Pictures .
Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbors dies , as if caused by under-population .
The Washington Capitals improved from 14th place in the previous season and last in the Eastern Conference during the first third of the 2007-08 season to finish as the third seed in the 2007-08 playoffs and winners of the Southeast Division .
It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea at elevations between 2000 a.
'' Chess icon 's body exhumed in paternity case CNN report .
WWE Studios has since released movies such asSee No Evil , a horror movie starring Kane and The Marine , an action movie starring John Cena .
Another effect of these mobile DNA sequences is that when they move within a genome , they can mutate or delete existing genes and thereby produce genetic diversity .
On the other hand , the downfall of the provincial lady has place amidst two very diverse suitors : the most handsome man in the city and the cathedral 's priest .
There are currently three cockapoo clubs in America that are working towards developing the cockapoo by breeding successive generations , and establishing the cockapoo as a recognized breed .
All three species are fairly similar in size , coloration , and life cycle .
The second match from the Raw brand was between Kevin Nash and World Heavyweight Champion Triple H , where Nash won by disqualification .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
After World War II Post-World War II demobilization strikes occurred within Allied military forces stationed across the Middle East , India and South-East Asia in the months and years following World War II .
An undercover police officer will wear a headband , wristband or other piece of clothing in the same color as the '' color of the day '' ; this color is told to officers at the station house before they start work .
Kyle became Ion , who is later revealed to be the manifestation of willpower in the same way Parallax is fear .
He bats right-handed , and has batted as a lead-off hitter for most of his career .
The main nave is short and narrow ( as is the case with other mission churches ) , but at San Luis Obispo there is a secondary nave of almost equal size situated to the right of the altar , making this the only '' L '' - shaped mission church among all of the California missions .
Courcelles is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Haruki Seto ( born March 14 , 1978 in Toyama , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who is playing for Singapore 's S League side Geylang United FC .
Athletes competed in the nude , a practice said to encourage aesthetic appreciation of the male body and a tribute to the gods .
of those , the parasitic mistletoe habit has evolved independently five times : Misodendraceae , Loranthaceae , and Santalaceae , including the former separate families Eremolepidaceae and Viscaceae .
Or My Mom Will Shoot ( 1992 ) during the early 90s , he made a comeback in 1993 with the hit Cliffhanger which was a success in the U.S. , grossing $ 84 million , but even more successful worldwide , grossing $ 171 million for a total over US$ 255 million .
It consisted of the European founder countries of the OEEC plus the United States and Canada , with Japan joining three years later .
It was here that they also met American Rich Fulcher , who became Bob Fossil .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and presenting for sale copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
The version usually heard today has lyrics written by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi and was first performed in 1941 .
, to which the other characters respond with '' Yes we can ! ''
Jasenovac 's role in the Nazi '' final solution '' was as the ethnic cleansing of Romany and Serbian inhabitants .
It is located c. 35 km south of Grosseto , on the eponymous lagoon , which is home to an important Natural Reserve .
The Triassic is usually separated into Early , Middle , and Late Triassic Epochs , and the corresponding rocks are referred to as Lower , Middle , or Upper Triassic .
Particularly known for its acrobatics is the Humpback Whale , but other baleen whales also break through the water surface with their body or beat it loudly with their fins .
Often they are constructed by finding three lines associated in a symmetrical way with the three sides ( or vertices ) and then proving that the three lines meet in a single point : an important tool for proving the existence of these is Ceva 's theorem , which gives a criterion for determining when three such lines are concurrent .
At WrestleMania , Orton retained the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match involving Cena and Triple H. Orton won the match by pinning Cena after a Pedigree from Triple H/ORGANIZATION. The following month , at Backlash , Orton lost the title to Triple H in a Fatal Four-Way Elimination match , which also included Cena and John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield .
Dia ( ) is free and open source general-purpose diagramming software , developed as part of the GNOME project 's office suite and was originally created by Alexander Larsson .
Likewise , in contemporary jazz theory , its use is commonly based upon the key rather than the individual chord .
A master craftsman was entitled to employ young people as an inexpensive form of labor in exchange for providing formal training in the craft .
It is a brood parasite , which lays its eggs in the nests of other bird species , particularly of Dunnocks , Meadow Pipits , and Eurasian Reed Warblers .
Four parties had representatives elected to the federal parliament in the 2008 elections : the Conservative Party of Canada ( governing party ) , the Liberal Party of Canada ( Official Opposition ) , the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) , and the Bloc Québécois .
The Northwest Division has the greatest distances between teams in the entire NHL .
Fried dough foods are also common in many cultures .
In 1898 , Carter was transferred to Bahamas as Governor and Commander-in-Chief , and after a temporary transfer to Trinidad , in July 1904 he was transferred to the Barbados as Governor and Commander-in-Chief .
His older brother , Ronald , is a lawyer and economist .
It is currently sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
Jet aircraft generally fly much faster than propeller-powered aircraft and at higher altitudes -- as high as 10,000 to 15,000 meters ( about 33,000 to 49,000 ft ) .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Utah Jazz .
He discovered fertilization of sea urchins , he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis : in 1876 , he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell .
Encouraged by his father to study law , in 1938 Hurwicz received his LL . M. degree from the University of Warsaw , where he discovered his future vocation in economics class .
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1938 -- 39 ( listed with their first team , asterisk ( \* ) marks debut in playoffs ) :
Mathematicians seek out patterns , Steen , L.A. ( April 29 , 1988 ) .
Andris Piebalgs ( born 17 September 1957 ) is a Latvian politician and diplomat , currently serving as Commissioner for Energy at the European Commission .
Takamoto was born on April 29 , 1925 in Los Angeles , California .
NCIS was originally referred to as Navy NCIS during Season 1 ; however , '' Navy '' was later dropped from the title as it was redundant . NCIS was joined in its seventh season by a spin-off series , NCIS : Los Angeles , starring Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J.
Repentance is an act recognized in Judaism , Christianity , Islam , and other religions .
In 2005 , she formed the country music duo The Wreckers with friend and fellow musician Jessica Harp , and produced the Grammy-nominated single '' Leave the Pieces '' .
The draw , which was conducted by UEFA 's director of professional football Giorgio Marchetti and Michele Centenaro , UEFA 's head of club competitions , was held on Tuesday , 9 October 2007 at 12:00 CET in Nyon , Switzerland .
Publishing is the process of production and dissemination of literature or information & ndash ; the activity of making information available for public view .
District Government Website It is located at 25 18 ' 0N 68 49 ' 0E with an altitude of 11 metres ( 39 feet ) .
A lamp with a naked\/exposed flame might ignite these flammable gasses , causing an explosion with might kill people .
Between World War I and World War II , Manchuria became a political and military battleground .
She was released from prison with remission on 13 May 1977 and did not rejoin the Gang .
The season 's executive producers and co-creators are Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , who worked alongside episode director and co-producer Aaron Ehasz .
It is situated between Langeoog to its west , and Wangerooge to its east .
The use of lead for potable water declined sharply after World War II because of the dangers of lead poisoning .
January 12 -- STS-61-C : Space Shuttle Columbia is launched with the first Hispanic-American astronaut , Dr. Franklin Chang-Diaz .
Since their debut , they have often been compared with the Popular Taiwanese rock group F.I.R. because of the similar formation of band members and attractive performance personalities .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Houston Rockets .
The metal has an excellent resistance to corrosion and high temperature and has stable electrical properties .
Some of the larger Small Solar System Bodies may be reclassified in future as dwarf planets , pending further examination to determine whether or not they are in hydrostatic equilibrium .
Television critic Heather Havrilesky asked , '' What rock did these morally pure creatures crawl out from under and , more important , how do you go from innocent millipede to White House staffer without becoming soiled or disillusioned by the dirty realities of politics along the way ? ''
He was ranked the second greatest cartoon character by TV Guide and was voted the greatest television character of all-time by Channel 4 viewers .
It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye and Michael Lynne as a film distributor , later becoming an independent film studio .
He also appeared in a series of children 's adventure films featuring the Five Little Peppers .
Alain Giresse ( born 2 August 1952 in Langoiran , Gironde ) is a retired French professional football ( soccer ) midfielder .
David II was the elder and only surviving son of Robert I of Scotland and his second wife , Elizabeth de Burgh . He was born on 5 March 1324 at Dunfermline Palace , Fife .
WWE Chairman , Vince McMahon , proclaimed that , as a result of Orton 's actions in attempting to retain the title , he would grant Cena a rematch , and if anyone were to interfere on Orton 's behalf , in response to interference during their previous match from Ted DiBiase , he would lose the championship .
Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet ( Soignies ( Belgium ) 13 June , 1870 6 April , 1961 ) was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist .
On 11 June 1867 , Grieg married his first cousin , Nina Hagerup .
In May 1901 , Fleming protested against unemployment in Melbourne by rushing onto the Prince 's Bridge to halt the Governor-General 's carriage .
Though these may not kill the sniper , they will reveal the location of the sniper ( s ) .
Worcester Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Worcester , England ; situated on a bank overlooking the River Severn .
The establishment of the International Bell Telephone Company in Brussels , Belgium in 1880 , as well as a series of agreements in other countries eventually consolidated a global telephone operation .
Brossard is bordered by the Saint Lawrence River to the west and by the Saint-Jacques River to the south .
The Southwestern United States ( also known as the American Southwest ) is a region defined in different ways by different sources .
The population of San José Canton is 365,799 , Total Population of Costa Rica by , for province , canton and district levels , December 2006 , published by the National Institute of Statistics and Census ( INEC ) though the metropolitan area stretches beyond the canton limits and comprises a third of the country 's population .
The original hosts of Raw were Vince McMahon , Rob Bartlett and '' Macho Man '' Randy Savage .
In 1949 , Jilin province was smaller , encompassing only the environs of Changchun and Jilin City , and the capital was at Jilin City , while Changchun was a municipality independent from the province .
Albert Fert ( born March 7 1938 ) is a French physicist and one of the discoverers of giant magnetoresistance which brought about a breakthrough in gigabyte hard disks .
Gimnasia became the first Argentine club from outside Greater Buenos Aires to compete in Europe , and the first ever to play in Portugal , Czechoslovakia , Austria and Italy .
Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie , Western Australia and lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at seven .
Other wildcats based on the heavy machine gun .50 BMG and similar anti-materiel rounds have been devised which are much more powerful , though they are not generally considered useful hunting arms being that their weight usually exceeds 25 l.
The Town Band continues to play at Melbourne 's events today .
There was a second period when taifas arose , toward the middle of the 12th century , when the Almoravid rulers were in decline .
When his class arrives they discover that their substitute teacher has not shown up .
When the soldiers came to Alban 's house looking for the priest , Alban exchanged cloaks with the priest and let himself be arrested in his stead .
Vamana ( Devanagari : , IAST : V mana ) is described in the Puranic texts of Hinduism as the Fifth Avatara of Vishnu , and the first incarnation of the Second Age , or the Treta yuga .
Archived 2009-04-30 .
Finnish paganism was the indigenous pagan religion in Finland , Estonia and Karelia prior to Christianization .
KLM 's headquarters are in Amstelveen near its hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Titus Aurelius Fulvus Boionius Arrius Antoninus ( 19 September 86 - 7 March 161 ) , commonly known as Antoninus or Antoninus Pius , was Roman Emperor from 138 to 161 .
Le Tourneur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is the most compact hurricane or equivalent-strength tropical cyclone on record in the Australian basin , with gale-force winds extending only from the center and was the most compact system worldwide until 2008 when Tropical Storm Marco of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season broke the record , with gale-force winds extending only from the center .
Sir Arthur Seymour Sullivan MVO ( 13 May 1842 22 November 1900 ) was an English composer , of Irish and Italian descent , best known for his operatic collaborations with librettist W. S. Gilbert , including such continually-popular works as H.M.S. Pinafore , The Pirates of Penzance , and The Mikado .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French ( which was restarted in December 2006 ) .
The word caid originally referred to the ball which was used .
Families of current flags may derive from a few common ancestors as in the cases of the Pan-African colors , the Pan-Arab colors , the Pan-Slavic colors , the Nordic Cross flag and the Ottoman flag .
Ralph H. Baer ( born March 8 , 1922 ) is an American video game pioneer , inventor , engineer , known as '' The Father of Video Games '' , who is noted for his many contributions to games and the video game industry .
Not to be confused with Dartmouth College , or the fictional British university of this name featured in Peep Show .
The Pirelli Calendar is published annually , and regularly features famous actresses and fashion models .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
Samir Nasri ( born 26 June 1987 ) is a French professional footballer of Algerian heritage who plays for Arsenal in the Premier League and for the French national team .
( '' The Rhine Gold '' ) is the first of the four operas that comprise Der Ring des Nibelungen ( The Ring of the Nibelung ) , by Richard Wagner .
Maria , is a 1st class urban municipalityNSCB - ActiveStats - PSGC Interactive - Municipality : SANTA MARIA in the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
Knoppix was developed by Linux consultant Klaus Knopper .
Foster argues that we have reached a turning point in human relations with the earth , and that any attempt to solve our problems merely by technological , industrial or free market means , divorced from fundamental social relations , can not succeed .
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court is an 1889 novel by American humorist and writer Mark Twain . The book was originally titled A Yankee in King Arthur 's Court .
All religions do not agree about this , and even all scientists do not agree about this , so it is really an unanswered question .
Climate One difference between Neptune and Uranus is the typical level of meteorological activity .
Santa Fe College is also located in Gainesville .
It is the national airline of Dubai , United Arab Emirates and operates over 2,400 passenger flights per week , from its hub at Dubai International Airport Terminal 3 , to 105 cities in 62 countries across 6 continents , the company also operates three of the ten world 's longest non-stop commercial flights from Dubai to Los Angeles , San Francisco and Houston , with all except San Francisco on the Boeing 777-200LR .
Scared of the cross , he left the stone and fled .
Further alterations were carried out by the successor company , the Great Eastern Railway , including services to Ilford via the Fairlop Loop opened in 1903 .
Teachings of the Presidents of the Church : Joseph Smith , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , 2007 , p. 7-8 ; .
The creature also preys on young children , robs graves , drinks blood , and eats the dead '' ghoul '' , Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary taking on the form of the one they previously ate .
It moved southwestward , and on August 9 , it generated convection as it passed beneath a cold-core upper-level low .
In 1995 , he played the comic book based title character Judge Dredd who was taken from the popular British comic book 2000 AD in the film of the same name .
John Couch Adams ( 5 June 1819 - 21 January 1892 ) was a British mathematician and astronomer .
'' Modernism '' , Grove Music Online , ed .
Political entities 1260 - The Duchy of Saxony is divided into Saxony-Lauenberg and Saxony-Wittenberg , marking the end of the first Saxon state .
Prostate cancer is a form of cancer that develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system .
Reinsfeld - Hermeskeil : 6,3 km
He was married twice , to the model Pattie Boyd in 1966 , and to the record company secretary Olivia Trinidad Arias in 1978 , with whom he had one son , Dhani Harrison .
Nurhaci reorganized and united various Manchu tribes , consolidated the Eight Banners military system , and eventually launched an assault on China proper 's Ming Dynasty and Korea 's Joseon Dynasty .
These included many of the musicians who were members of his orchestra , some of whom are considered among the best in jazz in their own right , but it was Ellington who melded them into one of the most well-known jazz orchestral units in the history of jazz .
The United States Declaration of Independence is a statement adopted by the Continental Congress on July 4 , 1776 , which announced that the thirteen American colonies then at war with Great Britain were now independent states , and thus no longer a part of the British Empire .
David recites his verses for Sachs , and leaves to prepare for the festival .
It played a key role in Adolf Hitler 's rise to power in the 1920s and 1930s .
However , they also have significant differences , such as fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on London Underground rolling stock to give more standing room , which is necessary for the high passenger volume metro-style services expected to be run on London Overground .
When Al Davis became head coach and general manager in 1963 , he changed the team 's color scheme to silver and black , and added a logo to the helmet .
The zoo grew for the decades afterward until the late 1960s when the zoo began a decline from municipal neglect .
She was born in Karachi , ( in the Sindh province of British India that later became part of Pakistan ) .
The Estonian national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Estonia .
Excerpts were shown at the 2003 Comic-Con International : San Diego
Dirk Franciscus '' Danny '' Blind ( born 1 August 1961 ) is a football coach and former Dutch international player .
The plant then flowers , producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies .
The album cover depicts the Marvel Comics character the Silver Surfer on the front and the hand of Galactus on the back .
Bitonality is the use of only two different keys at the same time .
Just as Leporello is about to slip through the door , which he has difficulty finding , Zerlina and Masetto open it and , seeing him in his Giovanni regalia , catch him before he can escape .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
History Orbetello was an ancient Etruscan settlement , which in 280 BC passed under the control of the Romans , who had founded their colony of Cosa ( near the modern Ansedonia ) .
The designation Upper Egypt is most frequently used as a division for Ancient Egypt .
This was followed by a television series , ' , which ran from September 20 , 2003 to July 29 , 2006 .
Slightly more than 98 % of these students are active members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 23 ' 22N 71 58 ' 51E with an altitude of 371 metres ( 1220 feet ) Location of Landkhwar - Falling Rain Genomics and literally it means '' the ever flowing stream or brook '' .
Pakistan 's estimated population in 2010 is over making it the world 's sixth most-populous country , behind Brazil and ahead of Russia .
Although he did distinguish between the priority of knowing , since intelligent action requires forethought , and the importance of action , as it produces a discernible effect , Zhu Xi said '' Knowledge and action always require each other .
Multiple simultaneous concurrent sessions using different type of protocols .
He is identified as residing in the highest heaven and is sometimes depicted with two faces , possibly equating with the Akkadian god Anu and the Roman god Janus .
Some species such as Phoronis ovalis lay only a few ( 12 -- 25 ) large eggs which have a lot of yolk .
Russell Ira Crowe ( born 7 April 1964 ) is a New Zealand-born Australian actor and musician .
They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the '' Bionics Department '' which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into a bionic body .
The song was a worldwide hit , reaching # 1 in Latvia , Norway , and Sweden and was one of the most successful singles released by the band .
Mary Lucy Denise Henner ( born April 6 , 1952 ) , known professionally as Marilu Henner , is an American actress , producer , and New York Times best-selling author best-known for her role as Elaine O'Connor Nardo on the sitcom Taxi from 1978 to 1983 ( Seasons 1-5 : Entire series ) .
This species may be encountered in a wide range of open habitats and gardens .
According to a 1987 interview with reporter Roger Starr of The New York Times , she learned much about pool through such activities but '' she also learned that , even in fun , pool stars did not like losing in public , especially not to children , and less , even , to girl children .
)
The song was recognized at the American Society of Composers , Authors , and Publishers 2005 Pop Music Awards by receiving the '' Songwriter of the Year '' -- shared with Scott Storch , Robert Walker , Angela Beyincé , and Donna Summer .
Biography Early years Carlo Cafiero was born in Barletta , in the Apulia region of southern Italy , into a rich and noble family .
Petr Eben ( 22 January 1929 -- 24 October 2007 ) was a Czech composer of modern and contemporary classical music .
The skin is the outer covering of the body .
Hans Cieslarczyk ( born 3 May 1937 ) is a former German football player .
Towards the end of the Viking Age , more and more Scandinavians were converted to Christianity .
The Argentine National Anthem ( Himno Nacional Argentino ) is the national anthem of Argentina .
Ytterbium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Yb and atomic number 70 .
The principle weather products for UK customers are 36-hour forecasts from the operational 1.5 km resolution UKV model covering the UK and surroundings ( replacing the 4 km model ) , 48-hour forecasts from the 12 km resolution NAE model covering Europe and the North Atlantic , and 144-hour forecasts from the 25 km resolution global model ( replacing the 40 km global model ) .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none Rock On The Net : 34th Annual Grammy Awards - 1992 .
Riley B. King ( born September 16 , 1925 ) , known by the stage name B.B. King , is an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter acclaimed for his expressive singing and guitar playing .
Materials to be recycled are either brought to a collection center or picked up from the curbside , then sorted , cleaned , and reprocessed into new materials bound for manufacturing .
Stephen William Hawking , CH , CBE , FRS , FRSA ( born 8 January 1942 ) The Times 8 January 2010 .
White Karelia is the northern part of East Karelia and Olonets Karelia is the southern part .
Ian Kevin Curtis ( 15 July 1956 - 18 May 1980 ) was the songwriter , lyricist , singer and occasional guitarist of the English post-punk band Joy Division .
, Lucerne is the most populous city in Central Switzerland , and a nexus of transportation , telecommunications , and government of this region .
More complex patterns can be seen in animals such as flounder , moths , and frogs , among many others .
Although iWork is billed by Apple as '' a successor to AppleWorks '' , it does not replicate the functionality of AppleWorks 's database and drawing tools .
He was a three time winner of the Stanley Cup , winning it in 1928 with the Rangers , and in 1934 and 1938 with Black Hawks .
American cavers recommend a minimum of three independent sources of light per person , but two lights is common practice amongst European cavers .
Their third album , London Calling , released in the UK in December 1979 , brought them popularity in the United States when it came out there the following month .
In this rigorous series , begun in 1949 , Albers explored chromatic interactions with flat colored squares arranged concentrically .
Category for media in the 101 Dalmatians franchise , based on the novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith .
It has a population of 450,000 and an area of 700 s.
Priscilla died in March 1949 ; Cabell remarried in June 1950 to Margaret Waller Freeman .
The Solar System consists of the Sun and those celestial objects bound to it by gravity , all of which were formed from the collapse of a giant molecular cloud approximately 4.6 billion years ago .
The Saltwater River , Tasmania historic site ( entry free ) , located near the north tip west of the peninsula , was originally the site of a convict-operated coal mine .
As of 2008 , Ron Huldai is mayor of Tel Aviv , having held that office since 1998 .
Siberia ( ) , is a vast region , constituting almost all of Northern Asia and currently the massive central and eastern portion of the Russian Federation , as it was in the USSR from its beginning , and the Russian Empire since the 16th century .
The Book of Common Prayer is the common title of a number of prayer books of the Church of England and of other Anglican churches , used throughout the Anglican Communion .
Sadiqabad is a subdivision ( tehsil ) of Rahim Yar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Spider Riders animated series debuted on March 25 , 2006 on Canada 's Teletoon network .
John William Waterhouse ( 6 April 1849 -- 10 February 1917 ) was an English Pre-Raphaelite painter who is most famous for his paintings of female characters from Greek and Arthurian mythology .
Nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site began with a bomb dropped on Frenchman Flat on 27 January 1951 .
The rose window is the earliest-known example above the West portal in France .
During the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany , the mansion was the headquarters of the Northern Society which promoted cultural co-operation between Nazi Germany and the Nordic countries .
Nortkerque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Many churches possess fragmentary remains that are by tradition alleged to be those of the True Cross .
Robert Reynolds Jones , Sr. ( October 30 , 1883 - January 16 , 1968 ) was an American evangelist , pioneer religious broadcaster and the founder and first president of Bob Jones University .
Cher ( ) is an administrative department located in the centre of France .
Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
roller mill , equipment for the grinding or pulverizing of grain and other raw materials using cylinders
The Island of Hawaii , also called the Big Island or Hawaii Island ( in English and or in Hawaiian ) , is a volcanic island ( the eastern-most and southern-most in the Hawaiian islands chain ) in the North Pacific Ocean .
Educated at Christ 's Hospital and the Royal College of Music , Lambert was a prodigy , writing orchestral works from the age of 13 , and at 20 received a commission to write a ballet for Serge Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes ( Romeo and Juliet ) .
It was dated using Beryllium-based Radiometric dating as living circa 3.6 million years ago .
A person who composes a message or story in the form of text is generally known as a writer or an author .
Rockland is a city in Power County , Idaho , United States .
With a height variously estimated at between it was identified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World by Antipater of Sidon .
Like other gliding mammals , the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs , thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider , but smaller in proportion , extending only between the elbows and knees .
The current mayor ( as of 2006 ) is Willy Kuypers .
His views were widely held in the East , and the consequence was the separation of the Assyrian Church of the East from the Byzantine Church .
Bellegarde-sur-Valserine is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The song was originally titled '' Diaspora '' , with advance copies of the album using that title instead of '' Prayer of the Refugee '' .
It often contains a DNA insert , which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest , that has been subcloned into a vector , which contains bacterial resistance genes for growth in bacteria , and promoters for expression in the organism .
Opus Dei , formally known as The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei , is an organization of the Catholic Church that teaches that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to sanctity .
Janko Prunk ( born December 30 , 1942 ) is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
External links '' Webvision : The Organization of the Retina and Visual System '' - John Moran Eye Center at University of Utah VisionScience.com - An online resource for researchers in vision science .
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival ( commonly known as Coachella or Coachella Festival ) is a three-day ( formerly a one or two-day ) annual music and arts festival organized by Goldenvoice held at the Empire Polo Fields in Indio , California , in the Coachella Valley .
The county seat is Lake Butler .
An area of disturbed weather east of the Windward Islands was designated Tropical Depression Six on August 31 .
He was a member of the Carolingian dynasty , the son of Charles III and Eadgifu of England , a daughter of King Edward the Elder .
In 1930 , a replica of Fort Ouiatenon was built by a local physician named Richard Wetherill .
Here is an example discussion , following the talk page conventions :
Luc Bourdon ( February 16 , 1987 - May 29 , 2008 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and their American Hockey League ( AHL ) affiliate , the Manitoba Moose , from 2006 until 2008 .
On August 6 , 1978 Balukas became the first woman to qualify to play in the men 's division of the World Open Pocket Billiards Championship ; a tournament with a 100-year history .
Although he considered himself to be a painter of history in the tradition of Nicolas Poussin and Jacques-Louis David , by the end of his life it was Ingres 's portraits , both painted and drawn , that were recognized as his greatest legacy .
Multiple columns are generated by using CSS3 , which is still in development ; thus only browsers that properly support the multi-column property will show multiple columns with .
The name linguine means '' little tongues '' in Italian , where it is a plural of the feminine linguina .
Asclepias asperula is a species of milkweed native to the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
On January 1 , 2006 Ichtegem had a total population of 13,423 .
Jofur ( Actually a synonym for Jupiter invented and used by Nordic Baroque and Rococo authors .
Beugneux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The part of the field enclosed by the bases and several yards beyond them is the infield ; the area farther beyond the infield is the outfield .
Its fur is marked with rosettes similar to those of the jaguar , but the leopard 's rosettes are smaller and more densely packed , and do not usually have central spots as the jaguars do .
In 1751 , with a bell tower being built in the Pennsylvania State House , civic authorities sought a bell of better quality , which could be heard at a further distance in the rapidly expanding city .
International Business Machines ( IBM ) is an American multinational technology and consulting firm headquartered in Armonk , New York . IBM manufactures and sells computer hardware and software , and it offers infrastructure , hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology .
Lorgies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Daniel Schneidermann is a French journalist , born in Paris on April 5 , 1958 , who focuses on the analysis of televised media .
The move is named for Ina Bauer , who invented it .
Under Qing pressure , Zheng Jing struggled to defend Xiamen , Quemoy and the Pescadores islands , which he had eventually lost over the years , mainly due to his minuscule forces which were insufficient to defend from the Qing .
Haku instructs Chihiro to see Kamaji at the boiler room to ask for work .
She grew up in Papua New Guinea , where her father worked as a patrol officer .
Their wingspan measures 7.5 -9.5 cm .
Furthermore , several other bones that were on the lower jaw ( found in reptiles ) , moved into the ears , allowing the theriodonts to hear better and their mouths to open wider .
Internationally , other countries followed the lead of the United States in taking simultaneous weather observations , starting in 1873 .
In the 3rd century BC , the Buddha 's fig tree was brought to Sri Lanka by the Thera Sangamitta ( Pali ; Skt/O. : Sanghamitra ) , daughter of Emperor Asoka and founder of an order of Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka .
Baird 's television systems were replaced by the electronic television system developed by the newly-formed company EMI-Marconi under Isaac Shoenberg , which had access to patents developed by Vladimir Zworykin and RCA .
Kei Omoto ( born July 21 , 1984 in Chiba ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Thespa Kusatsu .
Marcus Trebellius Maximus , governor of Britannia , is forced the flee to Gaul after a mutiny of Legio XX Valeria Victrix at Deva Victrix ( Chester ) .
Secondary conversion , done because of a personal relationship
Featuring music produced by Rodney Jerkins , the film stars Jessica Alba , Mekhi Phifer , Lil ' Romeo , Joy Bryant , Missy Elliott and David Moscow .
The Republic of Haiti is divided administratively into ten departments ( département in French ) .
Although there is no single '' correct '' technique for the formulation of a perfume , there are general guidelines as to how a perfume can be constructed from a concept . Although many ingredients do not contribute to the smell of a perfume , many perfumes include colorants and anti-oxidants to improve the marketability and shelf life of the perfume , respectively .
Kwame Nkrumah ( 21 September 1909 - 27 April 1972 ) was the leader of Ghana and its predecessor state , the Gold Coast , from 1952 to 1966 .
As of 2001 , according to Publishers Weekly , it is the fourth-bestselling English-language children 's book ( novel ) of all time .
Agos ( , '' Furrow '' ) is an Armenian weekly newspaper published in Istanbul , Turkey . It was established on 5 April 1996 .
professional bodies , including international organizations , state governments and secretariats may formally have their own definitions .
Ixelles ( French , pronounced ) or Elsene ( Dutch , pronounced ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Metroid video game series .
The original liturgy has since been adapted and used by other churches all over the world . Lessons and Carols most often occur in Anglican churches , but also in some Roman Catholic , Lutheran parishes , and Presbyterian institutions .
Think of it as 12 rows , one for each month , with left column for minimum temperature , middle column for maximum temperature and right column for precipitation .
The carbonyl center of an acyl radical has one nonbonded electron with which it forms a chemical bond to the remainder R of the molecule .
Lord Beardie became so furious that he claimed that he would play until doomsday , or with the Devil himself , depending on the version .
A team comprises 15 players , or '' hurlers .
For a gene-like behavior the additional imperfections should be much less than the parent ones , thus Kahr concludes that the crystals '' were not faithful enough to store and transfer information from one generation to the next '' .
Northwest Airlines ' tagline was '' Now you 're flying smart . ''
A semitone , also called a half step or a half tone , Semitone , half step , half tone , halftone , and half-tone are all variously used in sources .
Libbie Hyman named them Rhynchocoela , a name used primarily in North America but gradually abandoned since the 1980s .
The Governor of the State of Kansas is the head of state for the State of Kansas , United States .
After 3 - 8 hours , myoglobin as a result of muscle breakdown may start to show up in the blood plasma , which can cause the urine to turn a dark reddish , brown , or black color , and eventually lead to acute renal failure .
During this time , he composed his two last masterpieces : Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria ( The Return of Ulysses , 1640 ) , and the historic opera , L'incoronazione di Poppea , ( The Coronation of Poppea , 1642 ) , based on an episode in the life of the Roman emperor Nero . The libretto for Il ritorno d'Ulisse was by Giacomo Badoarro and for L'incoronazione di Poppea by Giovanni Busenello .
It manufactures cars and trucks in 34 countries .
The cereal consists of small squares or rectangles of wheat and rice covered with cinnamon and sugar .
Florida is a state in the southeastern United States , on the Gulf Coast . It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico , to the north by Alabama and Georgia , and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean .
He is a Fellow at Yale University 's Morse College .
is a town in Germany , the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau in the south of Bavaria .
The translation of '' red colored '' was Colorado .
The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes in the national railway network ; a process of dieselisation occurred which saw steam traction eliminated in 1968 , in favor of diesel and electric power .
Lake Ontario is one of the five Great Lakes of North America .
These growths can be benign or malignant ( cancerous ) .
The natural analog of iron ( II ) hydroxide compound is a very rare mineral amakinite , ( Fe , Mg ) ( OH ) 2 .
Mont-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Lim You-Hwan ( born December 2 , 1983 in South Korea ) is a South Korean football player .
In the cellars of El Puerto , the dry , pale sherry known as Fino is produced using the traditional method called solera .
Nivelles is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz ( February 22 , 1857 -- January 1 , 1894 ) was a German physicist who clarified and expanded the electromagnetic theory of light that had been put forth by Maxwell .
the village of New Lanark , a World Heritage site
In 1944 the Boat Race took place on the River Great Ouse near Ely , the only time it has not been held on the River Thames .
Christopher Edmund '' Chris '' Kirkland ( born 2 May 1981 in Barwell , Leicestershire ) is an English football goalkeeper .
Previously , the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 until his succession by Johnson .
The name '' deadmau5 '' originated when Zimmerman found a dead mouse in his computer while he was replacing his video card .
Breadalbane is also located nearby to the start of the Federal Highway which branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and heads directly towards Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory , and the capital city of Australia where the Commonwealth Federal Parliament sits .
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids .
The group was formed in early 1985 by Hollywood Rose members Axl Rose ( vocals ) Izzy Stradlin ( rhythm guitar ) , L.A. Guns members Tracii Guns ( lead guitar ) , Ole Beich ( bass ) and Rob Gardner ( drums ) .
Voting was conducted by telephone and text messaging .
Spells in the United States Hockey League for the Tulsa Oilers and the Pacific Coast Hockey League with the Tacoma Rockets was followed by a seven-year tenure in the Western Hockey League , beginning with the Rockets who only lasted one season .
In the Olympian scheme , Zeus is the father of her twins , Pindar consistently refers to Apollo and Artemis as twins ; other sources instead give separate birthplaces for the siblings .
He died on 13 th Shawwal 334 AH ( Mahdiyya ) / 17 May 946 AD External links and references Imam al-Qaaim , the 12th Fatimi Imam .
As the it is believed that the Sarasvati river dried and it also meant the end of many Indus Valley civilization settlements , and creation of the Thar desert , the Ghaggar-Hakra river now flows only during the monsoon season .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
The station would then be renamed '' Radio 4 Extra '' .
Pilot whales are classified into two species , the long-finned pilot whale ( Globicephala melas ) and the short-finned pilot whale ( Globicephala macrorhynchus ) .
The color of a turtle 's shell may vary .
His feature film directorial debut was the western Buck and the Preacher in which Poitier also starred , alongside Harry Belafonte .
Musetta and Marcello leave to sell Musetta 's earrings in order to buy medicine , and Colline leaves to pawn his overcoat ( Vecchia zimarra -- '' Old coat '' ) .
Gonzo ( aka Gonzo the Great ) is a puppet character , one of Jim Henson 's Muppets .
With another Tribal Council coming , Kim was still perceived as a weak link as well as lazy at camp , but she tried to shake things up when she tried to pull the other Ulong girls to an alliance .
Blaincourt-sur-Aube is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In 2002 , it had a population of 461,791 and the population density was 60\/km .
This is commonly called the fire tetrahedron .
Hafnium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Hf and atomic number 72 .
The Douglas SBD Dauntless was a naval dive bomber made by Douglas during World War II .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the 20th century refurbished one of these ancient reservoirs to store water for their own use .
As part of the winning tender it was agreed that MSV would be the promoter of the Championship as well as the operating entity for all of the cars .
The World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) is an intergovernmental organization with a membership of 188 Member States and Territories .
After the collapse of Nazi Germany at the end of World War II , American cigarette manufacturers quickly entered the German black market .
The Secretary of War led the War Department .
The prison , famous for its huge granite walls was known as Castieau 's castle .
Overcome with despair , Marlin leaves Dory and swims back toward his home . Without Marlin , Dory loses her memory and becomes confused , but meets Nemo , who has escaped into the ocean through an underwater drain pipe .
Until the later years of the series , both Moore , and members of the panel smoked cigarettes on the air , with Moore doing so right up until his last episode .
It was founded in 1977 as Pinwheel .
He is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the name Dolph Ziggler on the SmackDown brand , where he is the current WWE Intercontinental Champion .
After Jerilderie , Hart went into hiding with the gang and , for most of 1879 , the gang remained shawdowy and elusive figues although Hart did appear at a St. Kilda doctor 's surgery to be treated for a foot condition .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
However , the average speed and intensity are appreciably higher .
There is a legend that it was Benedetto Gaetani 's doing that Celestine V renounced the papacy- convincing Celestine V that no person on the earth could go through life without sin .
The idea of holding a Pan American Games grew from the Central American Games which were first organized in the 1920s .
This then dies and is replaced by another pseudostem .
Franz Anton Beckenbauer ( born 11 September 1945 in Munich ) is a German football coach , manager , and former player , nicknamed Der Kaiser ( '' The Emperor '' ) because of his elegant style , his leadership , his first name '' Franz '' ( reminiscent of the Austrian emperors ) , and his dominance on the football pitch .
( ) is the capital and the largest city of Nagasaki Prefecture on the island of Ky sh in Japan .
Jamiroquai are an English acid jazz/funk/soul / disco band .
Vieux Fumé is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Chichester railway station , on the West Coastway Line , has regular services to Brighton , London Victoria via Gatwick Airport , Portsmouth , Southampton and Basingstoke .
Ioan Gruffudd as Reed Richards , Jessica Alba as Sue Storm , Chris Evans as Johnny Storm , and Michael Chiklis as Ben Grimm are the film series ' recurring protagonists , while Julian McMahon and Kerry Washington reprised their roles from the first film as , respectively , Victor von Doom and Alicia Masters .
The Game is the eighth studio album by British rock band Queen released 30 June 1980 .
The movement emerged in response to the Avignon papacy ; the popes were removed from Rome and subjected to pressures from the kings of France -- and the ensuing schism that inspired the summoning of the Council of Pisa (/O1409/O) , the Council of Constance ( 1414 -- 1418 ) and the Council of Basel ( 1431 -- 1449 ) .
They play in Independence , Missouri , USA , located near Kansas City , Missouri , at the Independence Events Center .
It is a blueprint and functional description of requirements and design implementations for the various parts of a computer , focusing largely on the way by which the central processing unit ( CPU ) performs internally and accesses addresses in memory .
In August 1955 , Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo released the Sony TR-55 , Japan 's first commercially produced transistor radio .
A funnel cloud is usually visible as a cone-shaped or needle like protuberance from the main cloud base .
The duo teamed together at the March 18 , 2006 edition of Saturday Night 's Main Event to defeat Candice Michelle and Victoria .
Today it links Warsaw with Kiev , Minsk with Izmail , and several major cities of Ukraine .
He is credited as being the creator of the first version of the periodic table of elements .
Their low metabolic rate may in turn have been advantageous in allowing them to subsist on less abundant and\/or less nutritious food sources .
Early life Born Gareth David Lloyd in Bettws , Newport , Wales , United Kingdom .
Modern Talking 's first period of activity was from 1984 to 1987 .
It is spoken throughout a widespread area , starting from Khanewal and Jhang at both ends of Ravi and Chenab to Gujranwala district .
December starts on the same day of the week as September every year .
Sophia and Sofia may refer to :
The Liber Linteus Zagrabiensis ( also rarely known as Liber Agramensis ) ( Latin : Linen Book of Zagreb or Book of Agram ) is the longest Etruscan text and the only extant linen book .
The visa is expected to be valid for all the countries with trans frontier parks ( Botswana , Lesotho , Mozambique , Namibia , South Africa and Zimbabwe ) and some other SADC countries ( Angola and Swaziland ) .
She scored 116.83 in the free skating program , keeping the lead with 189.07 points overall and winning the gold medal .
Sévignacq - Meyracq is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
She suggests a series of things which he could do , just as long as he does n't '' say the two words , which mean it 's over '' ( the two words being '' Goodbye , darling '' - '' Zbogom ljubavi '' in Bosnian ) .
The band 's first music video , '' Flower '' ( ) , was directed by Mark Miremont , and aired regularly on MTV 's 120 Minutes .
Batista resumed his feud with The Undertaker , which led to a match against Batista at Cyber Sunday , with Steve Austin winning a fan poll to become the special guest referee .
In American football , a member of the team receiving a punt or kick , may signal for a '' fair catch '' .
United States Military Academy football only ( Army Black Knights ) , 1998-2004
By contact with neighbouring peoples , Basque has adopted many words from Latin , Spanish , Gascon , among others .
Bad Hair Day ( Tsunami , 1993 )
Births September 24 -- Vitellius , Roman Emperor .
The most recent bridges , replacing an aborted attempt to construct a tunnel under the River .
The album peaked at number four on the Billboard Top 200 .
It can be found in Armenia , Canada , Chile , Greece , Iceland , Italy , Kenya , Mexico , New Zealand , Peru , Scotland , Turkey and United States .
He first rose to regional prominence through his defense of New England shipping interests .
She and her brother , Henry , were close when they were children -- he named his daughter , the future Queen Mary I , after her .
The Nintendo DS is the first Nintendo console to be released in North America before Japan . On March 2 , 2006 , Nintendo released the Nintendo DS Lite , a redesign of the Nintendo DS , in Japan .
It has continued to function as a school since that day making it one of the oldest continuous schools in Australia .
A popular and often-quoted poet , Frost was honored frequently during his lifetime , receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry .
Since their inception , the Ducks have played their home games at Honda Center .
Kane hit Masters with a big boot , then chokeslammed Carlito to get the victory and to retain the World Tag Team Championship .
Electronic money ( also known as e-currency , e-money , electronic cash , electronic currency , digital money , digital cash , digital currency , cyber currency ) refers to money or scrip which is only exchanged electronically . Typically , this involves the use of computer networks , the internet and digital stored value systems .
Dean Broadheadhttp : \/O/ \/O/ oversight .
The time before the Phanerozoic , formerly called the Precambrian supereon , is now divided into the Hadean , Archaean and Proterozoic eons .
NCAA Division I Football ChampionshipNCAA Division I Football Championship - Official Web Site ( includes only Division I FCS teams )
He was also a contributor on ' (/O2004/O) among many others .
Short eruptions can end in less than a day , but longer events can take several days to months .
Jikji is the abbreviated title of a Korean Buddhist document , whose full title can be translated '' The Monk Baegun 's Anthology of the Great Priests ' Teachings on Identification of the Buddha 's Spirit by the Practice of Seon . ''
He trained under retired professional wrestler Jim Leon in a boxing gym in his hometown of Baltimore , receiving supplementary training from former World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) jobber Joey Maggs .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
February 9 , 1994 15 Deep Throat Fran must go to hospital to under-go an operation by taking her tonsils out .
In 2007 , Bennington was placed at # 46 on Hit Paraders list of '' Heavy Metal 's All-Time Top 100 Vocalists '' .
They correspond to level 3 administrative units of the Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics ( NUTS 3 ) .
The single-player is instead played against computer controlled bots in a similar style to Unreal Tournament .
An ancestry chart , which is a tree showing the ancestors of an individual , will more closely resemble a tree in shape , being wider at the top than the bottom .
Larrabee is a city in Cherokee County , Iowa , United States .
Corms are small brown globules up to 4.5 c in diameter and are shrouded in a dense mat of parallel fibers .
Their Sunday entertainment features included the first color comic strip pages , and some theorize that the term yellow journalism originated there , while as noted above , the New York Press left the term it invented undefined .
are available at .
This repose , however , is disrupted by the attack of a saber-toothed cat .
Catholic ecumenism Over the last century , a number of moves have been made to reconcile the schism between the Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox churches .
The airline has also converted five more into fixed '' combi '' aircraft for half passenger and freight .
Targon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
One notable characteristic is that none of the members have ever shown their faces in the public sphere as a part of GReeeeN , whether in their promotional videos , CDs , television performances , or the Internet .
Yuki Uekusa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
Internal audit aims at providing information for management usage , and is typically carried out by employees .
La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Merchants are businessmen who trade in commodities that they do not produce themselves , in order to earn a profit .
In total , he made over 250 senior appearances , scoring three goals , two of which were in his own net .
They reside in Mirpur city and Khari Sharif region .
Lady Anne Percival : a very different lady from Lady Delacour , she is a gentle , motherly , delicate , and admirably amiable lady .
The Dominican Republic is occasionally damaged by tropical storms and hurricanes , which originate in the mid-Atlantic and southeastern Caribbean from June until November ( mainly from August to October ) each year .
The story was based on his real life best friend , Lisa Hill , who was struck by lightning and killed when they were both eight years old .
In some plants and cell types , after a maximum size or point in development has been reached , a secondary wall is constructed between the plant cell and primary wall .
Nouakchott ( Arabic : or ( believed translation from Berber '' The place of the winds '' , Naw k ) ) is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
Some Moriscos ( Muslim Spaniards forcibly converted to Catholicism ) , much later , also moved to Livorno ( from Spain and during the 18th century ) .
The 1996 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad and unofficially known as the Centennial Olympics , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1996 in Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Verjon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The explorers Charles Throsby and Joseph Wild travelled through the Yass River valley in 1820 .
See also Architecture of the medieval cathedrals of England English Gothic architecture Romanesque architecture Church of England External links Official site Bell 's Cathedrals : The Cathedral Church of Carlisle - from Project Gutenberg .
In mid-December 1935 he began to record for Columbia Records on the organ of All Hallows , Barking-by-the-Tower ( London ) .
Hence , the language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations .
It was designed and implemented by Senemut at a site on the West Bank of the Nile River near the entrance to what now is called the Valley of the Kings because of all the pharaohs who later chose to associate their complexes with the grandeur of hers .
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
After the album 's release , the single for '' Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap '' was released in Australia in October 1976 , in the UK in January 1977 , and in the US in 1981 ( when the album was finally released there ) .
During Queen Victoria 's lifetime alone , the size of the breed decreased by 50 % .
Wrought iron is tough , malleable , ductile and easily welded .
Fresh coconuts for drinking are typically harvested off the tree while they are green .
Bank notes are available in nominal values of 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 500 and 1000 rupees .
The White dwarf star BPM 37093 , which contains a core of crystallized carbon roughly 4000 km in diameter , is informally named '' Lucy '' as a tribute to The Beatles ' song .
While Liu was detained , in solitary confinement , he was not allowed to meet with his lawyer or family , though he was allowed to eat lunch with his wife , Liu Xia , and two policemen on New Year 's Day 2009 .
He has performed solo and led numerous groups including the Dots , the Coloured Girls and the Messengers .
'' Born This Way '' is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga , from her second studio album of the same name .
Some members consistently prevented him from taking his seat by observing that as a Jew , he could not take the oath of office , which included the phrase '' on the true faith of a Christian '' .
Many organs can be extracted , and many lives can be saved by one body .
China has defended its ties with the Khmer Rouge .
In this version of the fable , a character named Moneke is the son of Martin the Ape .
He is the younger brother of Ilari Filppula .
When a commune was formed , all participating members gathered and swore an oath in a public ceremony , promising to defend each other in times of trouble , and to maintain the peace within the city proper .
A video game of the film was published in 2003 for the Game Boy Advance , featuring Timon and Pumbaa as the playable characters .
Baffin Island ( , , Old Norse : Helluland ) in the Canadian territory of Nunavut is the largest member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
It is widely considered to be one of Shakespeare 's greatest plays .
This legend has been retold in many versions , and was used by Sigmund Freud to name the Oedipus complex .
, -- Krugosvet Encyclopedia , , -- Great Soviet Encyclopedia painter of Armenian descent living and working in Crimea , most famous for his seascapes , which constitute more than half of his paintings .
A total of 98 Class 33s were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company ( BRCW ) and were known as '' Cromptons '' after the Crompton Parkinson electrical equipment installed in them .
text { if } x = b ^ y , text { then } y = log_b ( x ) .
Diabetes mellitus due to a known defect are classified separately . Type 2 diabetes is the most common type .
The area was first occupied by Indigenous Australians and Torres Strait Islanders , who arrived between 40,000 and 65,000 years ago , according to various dating methods .
Liu sets new world hurdles record His 2004 Olympic gold medal was the first in a men 's track and field event for China .
Ian Jones and Bronwyn Binns wrote a script for a four-part television mini-series , The Last Outlaw 1980 , which they co-produced .
The film was poorly received at its opening , and is still regarded as one of Richardson 's least successful efforts .
Kelly 's Top 40 singles include '' Billy Baxter '' , '' Before Too Long '' , '' Darling It Hurts '' , '' To Her Door '' ( highest charting local hit in 1987 ) , '' Dumb Things '' ( appeared on United States charts in 1988 ) and '' Roll on Summer '' .
