Gospel music is music that is written to express either personal , spiritual or a communal belief regarding Christian life , as well as ( in terms of the varying music styles ) to give a Christian alternative to mainstream secular music .
Due to the popularity of Arabic culture in Pakistan , Lebanese music and cuisine are widespread .
Like other authenticated Diffie-Hellman schemes , MQV provides protection against an active attacker .
This month was originally named Sextilis in Latin , because it was the sixth month in the ancient Roman calendar , which started in March about 735 BC under Romulus .
Steven John Reid ( born 10 March 1981 ) is a footballer who plays for West Bromwich Albion as a midfielder .
Crystal Gayle ( born Brenda Gail Webb ) ( b. January 9 , 1951 ) is an American country music singer best known for her 1977 country-pop hit , '' Do n't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue '' .
The Milwaukee Rampage still exists as an amateur soccer club in Milwaukee .
The National Museum of the United States Air Force ( formerly the United States Air Force Museum ) is the official National Museum of the United States Air Force and is located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , in Riverside just outside of Dayton , Ohio .
Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya ( Arabic : al-Ib iyyah ) is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
The NAE is autonomous in its administration and in the selection of its members , sharing with the rest of the National Academies the role of advising the federal government . The NAE operates engineering programs aimed at meeting national needs , encourages education and research , and recognizes the superior achievements of engineers .
One cycle after an eclipse , the Sun , Earth , and Moon return to approximately the same relative geometry , and a nearly identical eclipse will occur .
The situation deteriorated , and in early May Hoffmann tried in vain to find transport to Leipzig .
External links EquationSolver - A webpage that can test a suggested identity and return a true/false '' verdict '' .
The city is home to several attractions : the Hudson River Museum , the Sherwood House , Beczak Environmental Education Center , the Science Barge , Cross County Shopping Center , Yonkers Raceway , a harness racing track that has renovated its grounds and clubhouse and added legalized video slot machine gambling in 2006 in a '' racino '' called Empire City .
Guests first encounter Habitat Habit !
Budhial is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
A powerful boss monster awaits the player at the end of each act .
Nashik is the administrative headquarters of Nashik district and Nashik Division .
In 2010 Olaf Scholz participated in the annual Bilderberg Meeting in Sitges , Spain .
The formation of geysers is due to particular hydrogeological conditions , which exist in only a few places on Earth , so they are a fairly rare phenomenon .
The building 's plans were drawn in the early 1960s , before student activism prompted a concern for safety .
Thirty-eight different people have been governors of the state , though historically there were also three governors of Minnesota Territory .
L'Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Contents
Foucault was born on 15 October 1926 in Poitiers , France as Paul-Michel Foucault to a notable provincial family .
Road speed limits are used in most countries to regulate the speed of road vehicles .
Svante August Arrhenius ( 19 February 1859 - 2 October 1927 ) was a Swedish scientist , originally a physicist , but often referred to as a chemist , and one of the founders of the science of physical chemistry .
Laing 's views on the causes and treatment of serious mental dysfunction , greatly influenced by existential philosophy , ran counter to the psychiatric orthodoxy of the day by taking the expressed feelings of the individual patient or client as valid descriptions of lived experience rather than simply as symptoms of some separate or underlying disorder .
His father , Patrick Heaney , a local of Castledawson , was the eighth child of ten born to James and Sarah Heaney .
Stations include :
It is the second book published in the Redwall series , though the third chronologically .
A 2005 study in the British Medical Journal found that learning and practicing the didgeridoo helped reduce snoring and sleep apnea by strengthening muscles in the upper airway , thus reducing their tendency to collapse during sleep .
Duke William of Austria ( d. 1406 )
Since 16 August 2004 it has been printed in compact format .
Palestinians and Yemenite Jews in Jerusalem have historically prepared falafel only from chickpeas .
The Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games will be the first edition held in South America , the third edition held in the southern hemisphere ( the first of those three outside of Australia ) , and the first games in a lusophone country .
It is very fond of honey and bee keepers have reported to have found dead moths in their hives as a result of bee stings .
Derendingen can mean :
London .
Three of his former riders have worked in his bicycle factory and join him during recreational bike tours .
Hinacourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The city of Dundee supports two senior professional football teams , Dundee and Dundee United .
Arsenic trifluoride is a chemical compound of arsenic and fluorine with the formula AsF3 .
Towns and municipalities The district Saalekreis consists of the following subdivisions : Statistisches Landesamt Sachsen-Anhalt Free towns Free municipalities Braunsbedra Querfurt Kabelsketal Schkopau Verwaltungsgemeinschaften 1 .
The termites are a group of social insects usually classified at the taxonomic rank of order Isoptera ( but see also taxonomy below ) .
It can also be expressed as a company 's unit sales volume ( in a market ) divided by the total volume of units sold in that market .
Physical compression is the result of the subjection of a material to compressive stress , resulting in reduction of volume .
Germany is the world 's largest user of wind power with an installed capacity of 20,621 MW in 2006 , ahead of Spain which had an installed capacity of 11,615 MW .
Nitrous acid is involved in the ozone budget of the lower atmosphere : the troposphere . The heterogenous reaction of nitric oxide ( NO ) and water produces nitrous acid .
Dr. John J. Petillo is the current interim President of the University .
A tropical upper tropospheric trough ( TUTT ) is a trough situated in upper-level ( at about 200 hPa ) tropics .
Production of BMW Compact ceased in 2004 when it was succeeded by the 1 Series .
However , this definition of the term took some time to be accepted .
It was played at a ballpark for the first known time in 1934 , at a high-school game in Los Angeles , and researchers think it made its debut at a major-league park later that year .
A group of cynodonts , the Trithelodonts were becoming rare and eventually became extinct at the end of this epoch .
Dr. Kruszelnicki was awarded the Ig Nobel Prize for Interdisciplinary Research in 2002 , presented for '' achievements that can not or should not be repeated '' Graham Barker of Perth , Western Australia , is in the Guinness Book of Records as the record holder for collecting navel lint .
According to the Acts of the Apostles , his conversion ( or metanoia ) took place on the road to Damascus where he experienced a vision of the resurrected Jesus after which he was temporarily blinded .
Avebury is a Scheduled Ancient Monument , a World Heritage Site , and a National Trust property .
Archibald '' Archie '' Macpherson ( b. 1937 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish football commentator and author .
It is on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines between Farringdon and Moorgate , in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Knights and Dames Commanders and Companions may display the circlet , but not the collar , surrounding their arms . The badge is depicted suspended from the collar or circlet .
official_name = Tulcea
One faction proclaimed Ali Mahdi Muhammad president , another Mohamed Farrah Aidid .
Previously , it was part of Katowice Voivodeship .
Bassoles-Aulers is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Eurasia comprises the traditional continents of Europe and Asia ( with Eurasia being a portmanteau of the two ) ; the concepts of Europe and Asia date back to antiquity and their borders are somewhat arbitrary .
Miki is also the vice president of Shinshuren , the Federation of New Religious Organizations of Japan .
Its shape is quite regular .
The schedule of responsibilities are based on the constitution of Hamburg ( Art .
'' NASDAQ '' originally stood for '' National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations , '' but the exchange 's official stance is that the acronym is obsolete .
Written By Sardar Muhammad Jamil Cell # 0332-8911738 Language Hindko is widely spoken throughout the area , Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here .
This citation template is used to cite a Feature Detail Report from the Geographic Names Information System .
The character reappears in the 2008 series of the Doctor Who spin-off Torchwood , which focuses on occasional Doctor Who companion Jack Harkness .
With a reign of more than 59 years , he is the longest-reigning monarch of Denmark , and he is frequently remembered as one of the most remarkable Danish kings , having initiated many reforms and projects .
The 2009 Pacific typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean .
It is approximately 2,500 kilometres in diameter and 27 % more massive than Pluto .
It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil .
The album got the band 's highest U.S. chart position to date , debuting at # 14 on Billboard 's Heatseekers chart , with '' American Jesus '' and '' Struck a Nerve '' in particular becoming major rock radio hits at their time .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL withdrew its support for the Kingston location .
Prior to becoming an author , he had been a United States Marine , theatrical actor and producer .
It also has the exclusive United States ' publishing rights to the Harry Potter book series .
June is the sixth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar , with a length of 30 days .
What many would call string instruments are classified as chordophones . Violins , guitars , lyres , and harps are examples .
Candice Michelle used her rematch clause for the Women 's Championship on the October 22 edition of Raw in a Two out of three falls match against Beth Phoenix .
Although only peaking at number 48 in France , the song spent a total of 28 weeks in the French Singles Chart , the most ever by any Oasis single .
Thus , Wimbledon , the US Open , the French Open , and the Australian Open ( dating to 1905 ) became and have remained the most prestigious events in tennis .
In her twenties , she was appointed Reid Professor of Law in the college , considered to be a prestigious appointment made to accomplished lawyers .
A grove is a small group of trees without dense undergrowth , either growing wild or planted by humans .
They have two children : Harry Theodor , born in June 2002 and Vera , born on January 1 , 2005 .
Guayabal
The official associate school of the company is the Royal Ballet School , and it also has a sister company , the Birmingham Royal Ballet , which operates independently .
The foiling of the Gunpowder Plot initiated a wave of national relief at the delivery of the King and his sons , and inspired in the ensuing parliament a mood of loyalty and goodwill , which Salisbury astutely exploited to extract higher subsidies for the King than any ( bar one ) granted in Elizabeth 's reign .
The-Dream also helped with penning the songs '' Breakin ' Dishes '' , '' Sell Me Candy , '' and '' Lem/Ome Get That '' on the album .
Sophene , or , ) was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire , located in the south-west of the kingdom .
Among other factors , rebellious citizens had made Fez an unstable place .
Kurt Vincent Thomas ( born October 4 , 1972 , in Dallas , Texas ) is an American professional basketball player , currently playing for the Chicago Bulls .
Written and composed by Mili Vuka inovi , the song was performed 14th on the night , following Estonia 's Maarja with '' Keelatud maa '' and preceding Portugal 's Célia Lawson with '' Antes do adeus '' .
The building was built and designed by architects Waldomiro Zarzur , Aron Kogan .
The first volume of the series was released in Japan on November 2 2006 .
Launched at 18:00 on16 August 2002 , it had been codenamed Network X during the consulation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
Gestational diabetes Gestational diabetes mellitus ( GDM ) resembles type 2 diabetes in several respects , involving a combination of relatively inadequate insulin secretion and responsiveness .
The brand extension officially began on April 1 2002 .
Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
She has also won various awards for her acting , including the Choice Actress Teen Choice Award and Saturn Award for Best Actress ( TV ) , and a Golden Globe nomination for her her lead role in the television series Dark Angel .
He previously played for the New York Yankees , Texas Rangers and Washington Nationals .
Producing tar from wood was known in ancient Greece , and has probably been used in Scandinavia since the iron age .
Crucial to her appeal was the deep unpopularity of the then Taoiseach Charles Haughey and the rising popularity of the Labour Party leader Dick Spring .
Their association with Mercedes began when the team opted to use the Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines FO 108W at the last minute .
He arrived back in England , at Spithead , on 20 March 1769 .
Hot tag in a tag team match , when a face wrestler tags in a fresh partner after several minutes of being dominated by his opponents .
The city was named after the ancient capital of Egypt on the Nile River .
Geoge Washington was one of the best ledder ever .
Leaving school early he worked in a factory and then as a set-painter for television .
During the Barcelona May Days , as squads of Communist Party of Spain members ( apparently under orders from Joseph Stalin ) took to the streets in order to hunt down leading anarchists , Berneri was dragged from his home and murdered .
All but two of the tracks on the album ( '' Flash 's Theme '' and '' The Hero '' ) are instrumentals .
He was one of the most extravagant men of his time , named in 1938 as one of the world 's most famous men by Time Magazine along with Adolf Hitler and the Pope .
Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were being organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee ( VANOC ) .
The Cat Who Went Underground (/O1989/O)
The Official NBA Live 10 Soundtrack .
Deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over Acomyinae .
Mick Thomson was brought in to fill the open position on guitar .
After World War II , Dar es Salaam experienced a period of rapid growth .
Born as Liese Sykora in Vienna , she competed for Austria in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City , Mexico in the Pentathlon where she won the silver medal .
The character is introduced in the thriller novel Red Dragon (/O1981/O) as a psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer .
Son House himself alleged that he was middle aged during World War I , and , more specifically , that he was 79 in 1965 , which would mean that he was born around 1886 .
On June 11 2007 , Candy Lo released her 10th album '' Process '' after joining her new record company '' WOW Music '' .
Button won six of the first seven races of the season and on 18 October at the Brazilian Grand Prix , he secured the 2009 Drivers ' Championship and the team won the Constructors ' Championship .
Hyperthyroidism in an overactive thyroid .
As a probability distribution , it is known as the Cauchy distribution , while among physicists , it is known as the Lorentz distribution , Lorentz ( ian ) function , or Breit- Wigner distribution .
Its capital and largest city is Sana ` a .
Yu Nan as Haruko Togokahn , Taejo Togokhan 's sister .
A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624 with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island .
Genus Nelsonia - Diminutive Woodrats
According to the 2002 census , the urban population is 1,183 and the rural population is 2,860 .
Sif Mons , a mons of the planet Venus , is named after Sif .
It was carved by the Colorado River .
On 9 November 1799 ( 18 Brumaire of the Year VIII ) Napoleon Bonaparte staged the coup of 18 Brumaire which installed the Consulate .
A groove is thus differentiated from a dado , which runs across the grain .
The four ancient Tamil empires of Chera , Chola , Pandya and Pallavas were of ancient origins .
A variety of pulses or lentils exists with colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green , brown and black .
She currently resides in North Carolina with her husband , Earl Bettinger , and their two cats .
In interviews in the US , Hendrix almost never mentioned it , and when Dick Cavett brought it up in his TV interview , Hendrix 's only response was to verify that he had been based at Fort Campbell .
Pantera was an American heavy metal band from Arlington , Texas .
A Union of the states with a constitutional government , the Congress of the Confederation first became possible with the ratification of the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union .
When Chandler was only 10 years old , his father hanged himself in the basement of the family 's apartment .
The eastern half forms the mainland of the country of Papua New Guinea .
Mathilde 's orbit is eccentric , taking it to the outer reaches of the main belt .
Rocquigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , which is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code ( except UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom ) .
The celebration of the Games encompasses many rituals and symbols , such as the Olympic flag and torch , as well as the opening and closing ceremonies .
Uniquely in Europe , hand netting is the only legal way of catching eels in England , and has been practiced for thousands of years on the River Parrett and River Severn .
Raimundo Bibiani '' Mumo '' Orsi ( December 2 , 1901 - April 6 , 1986 ) was an Italian Argentine footballer who won the 1934 FIFA World Cup with Italy and the silver medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
F.C. Bolzano 1966 Bozen 1996 is an Italian association football club located in Bolzano ( German : Bozen ) .
Portable Document Format ( PDF ) is a file format created by Adobe Systems in 1993 for document exchange .
Raymond has been the recipient of grants from the U.S. Department of State , the U.S. National Institute of Justice , the Ford Foundation , the United States Information Agency , the National Science Foundation , the Norwegian Organization for Research and Development ( NORAD ) , and UNESCO .
The WB Rises From Ashes As Competitor To HuluThe WB.com website The WB shut down on September 17 , 2006 , followed by the opening of the new CW Network on the following evening .
As of 2007 , the best attack which applies to all keys can break IDEA reduced to 6 rounds ( the full IDEA cipher uses 8.5 rounds ) .
The 19th century saw the writing of many French novels of world renown with Victor Hugo ( Les Misérables ) , Alexandre Dumas ( The Three Musketeers and The Count of Monte-Cristo ) , and Jules Verne ( Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea ) among the most well-known in France and beyond .
OK Computer is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 16 June 1997 .
First use of general anesthesia in an operation , by Crawford Long .
Gothic music encompasses a number of different styles including Gothic rock , Darkwave , Deathrock , Ethereal , Neo-Medieval and Neoclassical .
He was born in Ottawa , Illinois .
He was then sent to a boarding school in Kent , called The New Beacon , near Sevenoaks and popular with military families .
The tail and back feet help it to turn left or right , but do not make it faster .
These TV cookery programs brought the recipes of these cooks to a new audience who were keen to try out new ways of cooking .
In addition , Israel is also widely believed to possess nuclear weapons , though it does not acknowledge having them .
Surrounded by the San Bernardino National Forest , Big Bear Lake is a year-around resort destination for Southern California .
The Cornish self-government movement ( sometimes referred to as Cornish nationalism ) is a social movement which seeks greater autonomy for the area of Cornwall .
Shotton regularly visited Lennon 's house ( Kenwood ) on weekends to keep Lennon company , leaving his wife and young son at home , or to escort Cynthia Lennon for a night out when her husband was busy with band matters or songwriting .
Parliamentary republic -- a republic with an elected Head of state , but where the Head of state and Head of government are kept separate with the Head of government retaining most executive powers , or a Head of state akin to a Head of government , elected by a Parliament .
Fluxbox can show some eye candy : colors , gradients , borders , and several other basic appearance attributes can be specified .
Their songs typically have humorous and off-beat , satirical lyrics that often deal with sexual subjects and contain many puns and innuendos .
The Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
A new sharp curve was built under Lancaster Place to enable an exit through the western side wall of Waterloo Bridge and a triangular junction with the through line was constructed .
An electoral ward named Crystal Palace and Crystal Palace Park are entirely contained within the London Borough of Bromley .
Nine years later , in 1156 , Prince Yuri Dolgorukiy of Rostov ordered the construction of a wooden wall , the Kremlin , which had to be rebuilt multiple times , to surround the emerging city .
Jesus carries his cross to the site of execution ( assisted by Simon of Cyrene ) , called the place of the Skull , or '' Golgotha '' in Hebrew and in Latin '' Calvary '' .
Although abadoned since the Lebanese Civil War , it can still be seen in Wadi Abu Jamil district , the former Jewish quarter in central Beirut .
BDD was first truly recognized by the American Psychiatric Association in 1987 , and in 1997 , BDD was first recorded and formally recognized as a disorder in the DSM .
The holding of the first Winter Olympic Games in Chamonix in 1924 further raised Chamonix 's profile as an international tourist destination .
However , the shelf life itself is not an accurate indicator to the food safety .
David Lubega ( born April 13 , 1975 ) , also known as Lou Bega , is a German musician of Italian and Ugandan descent , and is famous for his song '' Mambo No. 5 '' .
There are currently three MacBook Pro models , the 13 '' , 15 '' and 17 '' .
His illness and recovery , based on a culture of organisms extracted from a patient , fulfilled Koch 's postulates for H. pylori and gastritis , but not for peptic ulcer .
Carignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Samaveda , containing formulas to be sung by the .
John Calvin Coolidge , Jr. , ( July 4 , 1872 - January 5 , 1933 ) was the 30th President of the United States ( 1923 -- 1929 ) .
Even though it is classified as a long bone , the clavicle has no medullary ( bone marrow ) cavity like other long bones . It is made up of spongy ( trabecular ) bone with a shell of compact bone .
People in the village belong to various religions including Hinduism and Christianity .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a union of six states and various territories .
Klum gave birth to her first child , Helena ( Leni ) Klum in May 2004 in New York City . According to Klum , Leni 's biological father Flavio Briatore , is not involved in the child 's life ; she has stated emphatically that '' Seal is Leni 's father '' .
Graves 's two books were the basis for a British television adaptation produced by the BBC .
Similarly , Shelbies do not have their own names , unlike the classic Furbies .
Much of the power of SPC lies in the ability to examine a process and the sources of variation in that process using tools that give weight to objective analysis over subjective opinions and that allow the strength of each source to be determined numerically .
, also known as , ( c. AD 169 - 269 ) was a legendary Japanese empress .
Damage was greatest along the Outer Banks , where thousands of homes were damaged or destroyed .
Modern research ( 2004 ) into the history and archaeology of Derby has provided evidence that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons probably co-existed , occupying two areas of land surrounded by water .
Breil-sur-Roya is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In 1840 Venezuela claimed all of Guyana west of the Essequibo River -- 62 % of Guyana 's territory .
Still keen on punishing Cherubino , the Count is alerted that the youth had overheard his inappropriate advances towards Susanna .
The current weight limit for the division is 200 pounds .
The newly-developed Darwin Centre ( named after Charles Darwin ) is designed as a new home for the museum 's collection of tens of millions of preserved specimens , as well as new work spaces for the museum 's scientific staff , and new educational visitor experiences .
This species is a very large kangaroo with short , red-brown fur , fading to pale buff below and on the limbs .
was the 21st emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O21/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
John Caius , English physician ( d. 1573 )
The event horizon is the farthest point where the gravity is still strong enough to trap light .
The town grew after the nation 's administrative center moved from Bremersdorp ( now called Manzini ) in 1902 .
They meet King Mickey , who reveals that the '' Ansem '' Sora defeated was actually the Heartless of Xehanort , a student of the real Ansem the Wise .
One discussion involves the legal sex-gender status of transgender people , for marriage , retirement and insurance purposes , for example .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu .
The road over the mountain is often closed due to high winds .
A popular and often-quoted poet , Frost was honored frequently during his lifetime , receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry .
However , her personal life was not without tragedy : she gave birth to a son in 1903 who lived only for a few days ( the difficult birth also left her unable to bear additional children ) , and in 1908 her husband died unexpectedly .
The storm formed near Cape Verde on August 4 and crossed the Atlantic , turning northward around Bermuda before becoming extratropical southeast of Newfoundland .
In animals , amino acids are obtained through the consumption of foods containing protein .
Horseshoe crabs are arthropods that live primarily in shallow ocean waters on soft sandy or muddy bottoms .
Hiroki Ito is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kawasaki Frontale in the J. League .
It was at the end of 2009 the 8th biggest cargo airport in Europe .
Jimmie Johnson has won the last five consecutive Sprint Cup Series drivers ' championships .
The Kofun period is divided from the Asuka period by its cultural differences .
The Spanish Empire was the result of a period of rapid colonial expansion into the New World , and colonies in Africa : Castile captured Melilla in 1497 , Mers el-Kebir in 1505 , and neighbor Oran in 1509 .
Other hominid remains , dating back roughly 1 million years , have been discovered in Atapuerca , Spain .
Sound the Alarm is the fifth studio album by the New Jersey band Saves the Day , it was released by Vagrant Records on April 11 2006 .
Boys are admitted to the Under School at age seven , and to the senior school at age thirteen ; girls are admitted only at sixteen .
Although Baird 's electromechanical system was eventually displaced by purely electronic systems ( such as those of Philo Farnsworth ) , his early successes demonstrating working television broadcasts and his color and cinema television work earn him a prominent place in television 's invention .
The county was formed in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County .
In the International System of Units ( SI ) , the unit of speed or velocity is m\/s .
In 1903 he became the first Swede to be awarded the Nobel Prize in chemistry .
This provoked Brummell 's famous remark , '' Alvanley , who 's your fat friend ? '' .
Following the surrender of Japan , the troops of the INA were brought to India and a number of them charged with treason .
Notable buildings in Malabo include Malabo Cathedral , Malabo Government Building and the Malabo Court Building .
A Major Place-Name Ignored He comments at length on the strange omission of the etymology of the Pennines in the serious literature regarding that area of England , including publications on place-name origins of Derbyshire and Lancashire by respected authors .
Russia ( ; , ) , also officially known as the Russian Federation ( , ) , is a state in northern Eurasia .
Every important Anatolian site during the preceding Late Bronze Age shows a destruction layer , and it appears that here civilization did not recover to the same level as that of the Hittites for another thousand years .
Balti All people of same races , living in Baltistan are called Balti .
The leaves and stems of certain varieties of taro are used as a vegetable in Kerala .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , producer , and creator of the hit animated series , The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom .
WrestleMania Axxess was held at the Georgia World Congress Center , while the WWE Hall of Fame ceremony took place at the Philips Arena .
The region is separated into several areas : the Niger delta around Mopti , the Bandiagara cliffs and the plain of Bankass along the Burkina Faso frontier .
Where there is a temperature difference between objects in proximity , heat transfer between them can never be stopped ; it can only be slowed .
Howard Robard Hughes , Jr. ( December 24 , 1905 -- April 5 , 1976 ) was an American aviator , engineer , industrialist , film producer and director , philanthropist , and one of the wealthiest people in the world .
The 1944 Appalachians tornado outbreak was a deadly tornado outbreak that hit the Midwest and Middle Atlantic regions of the United States on June 22 - 23 , 1944 .
Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library + '' '' ( mimos ) , '' imitator , actor '' .
Splash included brief nudity on the part of star Daryl Hannah and occasional inappropriate language , earning a PG-rating .
The subject is typically a noun phrase , though other kinds of phrases ( such as gerund phrases ) work as well , and some languages allow subjects to be omitted .
Queensland is a state of Australia which occupies the north-eastern section of the mainland continent .
Large quantities of outflow at the upper levels of a thunderstorm indicate it is in good health .
The ideal mechanical advantage ( IMA ) , or theoretical mechanical advantage , is the mechanical advantage of an ideal machine .
Underground music audiences warmly received Nine Inch Nails in its early years .
The earliest recorded evidence of the production of soap-like materials dates back to around 2800 BC in Ancient Babylon .
The Encyclopedia of Magic & Witchcraft : An illustrated historical reference to spiritual worlds .
Due to his parents ' poverty , Grabowski had to start working soon after leaving junior school .
It is located in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in northeast London , England .
The band 's trademark sound relies heavily on distorted guitars .
Gaillardia , the Blanket flowers , is a genus of drought-tolerant annual and perennial plants from the sunflower family ( Asteraceae ) , native to North and South America .
They have released three full length albums .
Georgia
Boulay-les-Ifs is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Gerhard Ertl ( born 10 October 1936 ) is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
It is isolated from the nearest Dravidian-speaking neighbor population by a distance of more than .
Together the eight countries making up the G8 represent about 14 % of the world population , but they represent about 60 % of the Gross World Product as measured by gross domestic product , all eight nations being within the top 12 countries according to the CIA World Factbook .
The town was the setting for the Bury St. Edmunds witch trials between 1599 and 1694 .
The Apostles , Op .
Melding Obama 's Web to a YouTube Presidency - New York Times Renamed Organizing For America , the organization also controls the BarackObama.com domain and website and is expected to work closely with Obama 's New Media Director Macon Phillips , who will manage the WhiteHouse .
The term plaster can refer to gypsum plaster ( also known as plaster of Paris ) , lime plaster , or cement plaster .
As the battle escalates , Iroh watches Zhao capture the moon spirit Tui , which with its water spirit counterpart had assumed the form of a fish . Despite Iroh 's pleas , Zhao kills Tui to strip the Waterbenders of their powers and abilities to Waterbend .
Gordie Howe and Mario Lemieux each won it six times , while Phil Esposito and Jaromir Jagr each have five .
The wildebeest ( plural wildebeest , wildebeests or wildebai ) , also called the gnu ( or Gnu Answers.com ) , is an antelope of the genus Connochaetes .
Heidfeld was then tipped for a seat at Sauber alongside Kamui Kobayashi but they decided to go with Pedro de la Rosa .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
Samuel Moore '' Sam '' Walton ( March 29 , 1918 -- April 5 , 1992 ) was a businessman and entrepreneur born in Kingfisher , Oklahoma best known for founding the retailers Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club .
On 2 December 1971 Dubai , together with Abu Dhabi and five other emirates , formed the United Arab Emirates after the former protector , Britain , left the Persian Gulf in 1971 .
The unmanned spacecraft was developed by NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Pioneer spacecraft series ( 6-12 ) , and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on April 5 , 1973 .
The constitution technically remained in effect throughout the existence of the Third Reich from 1933 to 1945 .
The company is currently owned by Pernod Ricard Holding Company .
Biomass can refer to species biomass , which is the mass of one or more species , or to community biomass , which is the mass of all species in the community .
The ship was the second and last of the Pennsylvania class of '' super-dreadnought '' battleships .
The total area is 56.84 km , making it a population density of 149 inhabitants per km .
Battle of Harran : Baldwin II , count of Edessa , is taken prisoner by the Seljuk Turks ; Tancred becomes regent .
She learns that her talent is to be one of the tinkers , the fairies who make and fix things .
Servette was the only club to have remained in the top league in Switzerland since its creation in the 1930s . In 2005 , however , management problems resulted in the bankruptcy of the club 's parent company , causing the club to be demoted two divisions .
Hard bop was developed in the mid-1950s , partly in response to the vogue for cool jazz in the early 1950s .
Microsleeps can occur at any time , typically without significant warning .
Lang is the author or co-author of eight books and many articles on origami .
Amherst College , in Amherst , Massachusetts
While Burton made up with his former tribe , Lil 's return was resented by Andrew and other Morgan members .
Reversed-phase chromatography is an elution procedure used in liquid chromatography in which the mobile phase is significantly more polar than the stationary phase .
The ` founder ' group was created on the English Wikipedia by developer Tim Starling , without community support , as a unique group for Jimmy Wales .
Confusingly , the Poynting vector is sometimes called the power flux , which is an example of the first usage of flux , above .
It is understood , and quite apparent on closer inspection , that this stand had been designed specifically with future development in mind , therefore should the club ever have the need to increase the grounds capacity then it would be fundamentally possible to add a second tier without making any major alterations to the existing structure .
Russian text here At the same time they announced that the new alliance would be open to all republics of the former Soviet Union , as well as other nations sharing the same goals .
Randomness intrinsically generated by the system .
The project began to see major contributions after 150,000 + articles in the original English Wikipedia and articles in each of seven other languages had been created .
Many web sites have sought to identify who is in the cabal , one of the most well known such web site is the Wikipedia Review .
Job 's wife is introduced in Job 2:9 when she suggests that Job curse God and die .
The consolidated bill was thereafter passed by the joint Congress and was signed by Senate President Ferdinand E. Marcos and House Speaker Cornelio T. Villareal with Mr. Regino S. Eustaquio , Secretary of the Senate , and Mr. Inocencio B. Pareja , Secretary of the House of Representatives .
Governor Lachlan Macquarie granted the first white settler , Peter Cooney , 30 a in 1825 .
Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa .
This definition may be different from what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the illness .
The Dallas Stars finished first in regular season play , and won the Stanley Cup championship over the Buffalo Sabres in a controversial fashion on a disputed overtime goal by Brett Hull .
Libreville also hosts the Omar Bongo University ( est. .
Stone also directed Alexander (/O2004/O) , a biopic about Alexander the Great .
Their concerts were limited mostly to a local music contest named Rockslaget .
They have a '' crown '' of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the '' crown '' .
Many clubs and societies begin life as an unincorporated body and seek to attain incorporated status to protect its members from legal liability and in many cases to seek government financial assistance only available to an incorporated body .
Cindy reached hurricane strength the next day , but did not strengthen further prior to its landfall on High Island , Texas .
Glades County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
It begins as a small creek ( Middle Harbour Creek ) at St Ives ChaseUBD Citylink Street Directory Page 155 Map reference F4 .
Another genetic problem is subvalvular aortic stenosis .
Burnham and Armstrong waited until Mlimo entered the cave and started his dance of immunity , at which point Burnham shot Mlimo just below the heart .
The film is also noteworthy for having introduced Dietrich 's signature song '' Falling in Love Again '' .
'' We Are the Champions '' is a power ballad written by Freddie Mercury , recorded and performed by British rock band Queen for their 1977 album News of the World .
Disposable cups produced by the company are one of the most common litter items in Canada .
The family Oriolidae comprises the figbirds in the genus Sphecotheres , and the Old World orioles in the genus Oriolus .
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .
The team is a member of the Eastern Division of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Composing and recording During the recording of the song , guitarist Herman Li broke one of his guitar strings .
Cecil Adams , The Straight Dope , February 2001 , webpage :
The name appears to have been derived from an Aboriginal word , '' Yarrh '' ( or '' Yharr '' ) , said to mean ` running water ' .
Warner finished the 2007 season with 27 passing touchdowns , just one shy of the Cardinals franchise record .
Burkert 1985 , p. 149 In the classical period of Greek mythology , Artemis ( Greek : ( nominative ) , ( genitive ) ) was often described as the daughter of Zeus and Leto , and the twin sister of Apollo .
By the early 1930s , however , the increasing speeds began to make the track increasingly dangerous , and in the period 1931 - 1935 there were 15 fatalities .
In terms of passengers , Manchester Piccadilly was the busiest English railway station outside London in 2005 and 2006 .
A despatch rider is a military messenger , mounted on horse or motorcycle .
Composed while Wollstonecraft was a governess in Ireland , the novel was published in 1788 shortly after her summary dismissal and her momentous decision to embark on a writing career , a precarious and disreputable profession for women in 18th-century Britain .
The film was released in North America on September 30 , 2005 by Universal Pictures .
July 11 & ndash ; Nicole Oresme , French philosopher ( b. 1325 )
ru .
The second single , '' Nude '' , debuted at number 37 in the Billboard Hot 100 , Radiohead 's first song to make that chart since 1995 's '' High and Dry '' and their first top 40 hit in the US since '' Creep '' .
Hinglaj Mata is a Hindu temple in Hinglaj , on the Makran coast in the Lyari district of Balochistan in Pakistan .
Amalric II succeeds Henry II of Champagne as King of Jerusalem .
The project was canceled in 1975 and anti-nuclear success at Wyhl inspired opposition to nuclear power in other parts of Europe and North America .
Modern moorings may be anchored by sand screws which look and act very much like over-sized screws drilled into the seabed , or by barbed metal beams pounded in ( or even driven in with explosives ) like pilings , or a variety of other non-mass means of getting a grip on the bottom .
All three species are native to the Americas , ranging from Mexico to Brazil , Chile , and Argentina .
His parents divorced before his first birthday and his mother married Keith Morrison , a broadcast journalist .
One-dimensional objects include a piece of wire loaded at the ends and a metal sheet loaded on the face and viewed up close and through the cross section .
The New Jersey Devils played the New York Rangers in the Eastern Conference Quarter-finals , losing the series 4 games to 1 , including three losses at their home arena in Newark .
His early job at the Dutch social insurance agency propelled him into politics , where he worked as a speechwriter for the conservative-liberal People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) .
After their debut single , '' Happy Summer Wedding '' , Up-Front Works Discography -- Happy Summer Wedding ( continuing the legacy of number one hits with 990,950 copies sold , ) Sayaka Ichii graduated to pursue her own music career .
These forms of weather are classified as localized severe weather . The term severe weather is technically not the same phenomenon as extreme weather .
As a music scholar and organist , he studied the music of German composer Johann Sebastian Bach and influenced the Organ reform movement ( Orgelbewegung ) .
This article concentrates on the history and development of punts and punting in England , for other usages see Norfolk punt and the general disambiguation pages at punt and punter .
is a Japanese former football player who played for Tokushima Vortis in the J. League Division 2 .
He previously served as the President of the National Capital Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America .
Madagascar , or Republic of Madagascar ( older name Malagasy Republic , French : ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean off the southeastern coast of Africa .
Despite a temporary attempt at a comeback , Eastman died alone in Millard Fillmore Hospital in Buffalo of cardiac arrest .
Darling '' is a song of The Beatles composed by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and appearing as the fourth song on the Abbey Road album in 1969 .
A clause consists of a subject and a predicate .
Woodhead was signed by the New England Patriots on September 18 , 2010 , one day before the team 's Week 2 matchup against the Jets .
This contrasts with the former FCS manned ground vehicles program where contractors had more control over the design .
The territories , which were originally contained within the British Mandate of Palestine , were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s , and captured and occupied by Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War .
However , the engine 's length demanded the use of a long engine compartment , making the basic design unacceptable in modern vehicles .
Linguine ( also spelled ` Linguini ' ) is a form of pasta -- flat like fettuccine and trenette , but narrow like spaghetti .
It is one approach to ecosystem valuation , an alternative to the traditional view of all non-human life as passive natural resources , and to the idea of ecological health .
Estero Hondo ( D.M. )
Tangled Up explores a more electronic aspect of pop music .
The city has an Australian rules football team The Morwell Football Club , with their home ground being the Morwell Recreation Reserve , competing in the West Gippsland Latrobe Football League , and a Morwell East competing in the Mid Gippsland Football League .
Durey communicated with his colleague , Darius Milhaud , and asked him to contribute a piano piece that would bring together the six composers who , in 1920 were dubbed Les six .
Natural gas is commercially extracted from oil fields and natural gas fields . Gas extracted from oil wells is called casinghead gas or associated gas .
Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown brand , giving Triple H and Flair the '' thumbs up '' , but turned it into a '' thumbs down '' ( alluding to the way Randy Orton was kicked out of Evolution after winning the world title at SummerSlam 2004 ) before attacking the pair .
When she is pregnant ( ready to have babies ) , the female makes much larger holes , up to 20 metres long .
In the APG II system (/O2003/O) for the classification of flowering plants , the name asterids refers to a clade ( a monophyletic group ) .
Event-driven programming can also be defined as an application architecture technique in which the application has a main loop which is clearly divided down to two sections : the first is event selection ( or event detection ) , and the second is event handling .
Nevada is notable for being one of only two states to significantly expand its borders after admission to the Union . Nevada achieved its current southern boundaries on May 5 , 1866 , when it absorbed the portion of Pah-Ute County in the Arizona Territory west of the Colorado River , essentially all of present day Nevada south of the 37th parallel .
One example is called '' gap driving '' : from the perspective of the driver , he or she drives a car , and then suddenly realizes that several seconds have passed by unnoticed .
Judges for Wrestler 's Court have included : The Undertaker , John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield , Hardcore Holly , and Brian Adams .
University of Central Oklahoma & ndash ; Edmond , Oklahoma
In 1972 an extension of the M1 was opened into central Leeds as the Leeds South Eastern Motorway where it met the Leeds South Western Motorway ( M621 ) coming north-east from the M62 at junction 3 .
Waterways Historically , the rivers Wye and Lugg were navigable but the wide seasonal variations in water levels mean that few craft larger than canoes and coracles are now used .
The uniform for a male vice lord-lieutenant and for deputy lieutenants is of a similar style , but with features to distinguish it from that of a lord-lieutenant .
The internal root sheath is composed of three layers , Henle 's layer , Huxley 's layer , and an internal cuticle that is continuous with the outermost layer of the hair fiber .
After living in Switzerland for many years , she took up residence in Vorarlberg , Austria .
( ISBN 0-86278-656-8 ) is the fifth largest city in Ireland , and the largest city in the South-East of the country .
She was the daughter of a well-known manufacturer of yarn for sewing machines .
It was first named Bathurst after Henry Bathurst , the secretary of the British Colonial Office , but was changed to Banjul in 1973 .
It is Aberdeenshire 's largest settlement ( the city of Aberdeen itself not being a part of the district ) , with a population of 17,947 at the 2001 CensusScotland 's Census Results Online , 2001 Comparative Population Profile : Peterhead Locality Scotland , accessed 12 October 2009 and estimated to have fallen to 17,330 by 2006 .
In meteorology and climatology , global numerical models of atmospheric flow are of increasing interest which employ grids that are based on an icosahedron ( refined by triangulation ) instead of the more commonly used longitude/latitude grid .
Richard Henry Blood ( born February 28 , 1953 ) , better known by his ring name Ricky '' The Dragon '' Steamboat , is an American professional wrestler who is one of the most well-known professional wrestlers of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
As a result , solids typically expand in response to heating and contract on cooling ; this dimensional response to temperature change is expressed by its coefficient of thermal expansion ( CTE ) .
A stage musical based on the 1980 musical film Fame has been staged under two titles . The first , ` Fame - The Musical ' conceived and developed by David De Silva , is a musical with a book by Jose Fernandez , music by Steve Margoshes and lyrics by Jacques Levy .
In casual modern usage , this term also includes classical settings of such hymns and works of a similar character .
Lost the plot Robertson also believes it was a '' disgraceful slur '' on Phillip 's legacy that he was n't buried in one of England 's great cathedrals and was relegated to a small village church .
The kilometre ( American spelling : kilometer ) , symbol kmFor the purposes of compatibility with Chinese , Japanese and Korean characters there is a Unicode symbol for the kilometre , , ( code 339E ) .
Cadmium fluoride , like all cadmium compounds , is toxic and should be used with care .
Anthony Powell died at The Chantry on 28 March 2000 .
He died of a heart attack on January 20 , 1995 while travelling from Tehran to Zurich , Switzerland .
The next year , he had another great season , leading Toronto to a Stanley Cup victory and being selected to the Second All-Star Team .
Urethritis is a common cause of dysuria ( pain when urinating ) .
The first four episodes outlined the characteristics and profiles of each member and showcased their schedules for the day .
The other major attack on H. floresiensis is that it was found with tools only associated with H. sapiens .
Mickey 's House of Villains is a direct-to-video film created by Disney .
It '' seeks to make exchange-rate theory a bit more digestible '' .
The portrait serves as a reminder of the effect each act has upon his soul , with each sin displayed as a disfigurement of his form , or through a sign of aging .
It is within the Greater Boston area , 15 m north-west of the city of Boston .
It was a habit of many Roman generals to choose from the ranks a private force of soldiers to act as guards of the tent or the person .
Hoja santa ( Piper auritum ) is an aromatic herb with a heart-shaped , velvety leaf which grows in tropic Mesoamerica .
It is ranked 29th on Score Golf 's '' Top 100 Golf Courses in Canada '' 2006 list .
Jason Francesco Schwartzman ( born June 26 , 1980 ) is an American actor and musician .
Alison Doody , Denholm Elliott , Julian Glover , River Phoenix and John Rhys-Davies also have featured roles .
Henry III ( 1 October 1207 16 November 1272 ) was the son and successor of John as King of England , reigning for fifty-six years from 1216 to his death .
Administration Independency Although it is a unit of Thammasat University , SIIT is financially and administratively separate from the central university system .
Costner 's roles include Lt. John J. Dunbar in the film Dances with Wolves , Jim Garrison in JFK , Ray Kinsella in Field of Dreams , Robin Hood in ' , The Mariner in Waterworld , Robert Haynes in A Perfect World and Eliot Ness in The Untouchables .
There are four loops , at Starr Gate , opposite the Pleasure Beach , Little Bispham and Fleetwood , and links to Rigby Road Depot .
They use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades .
The novel has also been dismissed by a number of literary critics as '' merely a sentimental novel , '' while critic George Whicher stated in his Literary History of the United States that '' Nothing attributable to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel 's enormous vogue ; its author 's resources as a purveyor of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable .
Wyoming is a state in the Mountain region of the Western United States .
Born in Thunder Bay , Ontario of Russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan , and attended McGill University , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a Ph. D. in physical chemistry .
As the rest of Breckinridge 's troops began to arrive on the scene , Stoneman 's soldiers secured elevated positions overlooking the river .
Ulysses is derived from Ulixes , the Latin name for Odysseus , a character in ancient Greek literature .
The county town is the city of Gloucester , and other principal towns include Cheltenham , Cirencester , Stroud , and Tewkesbury .
She opposed his election as President of the newly formed United States of America , and refused to attend his inauguration ( April 30 , 1789 .
Mercantilism suggests that the ruling government should advance these goals by playing a protectionist role in the economy by encouraging exports and discouraging imports , notably through the use of subsidies and tariffs respectively .
Khosrow DaivariRaheem Ali AssadSheik Abdul BashirAbdul Bashir
Darwin thought of natural selection by analogy to how farmers select crops or livestock for breeding , which he called '' artificial selection '' ; in his early manuscripts he referred to a ` Nature ' which would do the selection .
Combinations ( album ) , by Eisley .
Nanterre is the capital of the Hauts-de-Seine department as well as the seat of the Arrondissement of Nanterre .
Life Waley was born in Tunbridge Wells , Kent , England , as Arthur David Schloss , son of the economist David Frederick Schloss .
It is the first game in Square 's Final Fantasy series . Originally released for the Nintendo Entertainment System , Final Fantasy was remade for several video game consoles and is frequently packaged with Final Fantasy II in video game collections .
The hydrosphere ( water ) absorbs a major fraction of the incoming radiation .
The species range from prostrate shrubs less than 0.5 m tall to trees 35 m tall .
An agent signed Alba nine months later .
and is regarded as the capital of the Highlands of Scotland .
Having finished as runner-up to Timo Glock in the 2007 GP2 Series season , he is the race driver for new Formula One team Virgin Racing in 2010 , alongside his former rival Glock .
He took part in Captain James Cook 's first great voyage ( 1768 -- 1771 ) .
Mumbai is home to important financial institutions such as the Reserve Bank of India , the Bombay Stock Exchange , the National Stock Exchange of India and the corporate headquarters of numerous Indian companies and multinational corporations .
Le Breuil-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Trains run eastbound every 10 minutes to Woolwich Arsenal .
Vendays-Montalivet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Every year , millions of pilgrims from all over the world come to Cz stochowa to see it .
Japanese voice actor Akio tsuka voices Snake in Japanese , while actor and screenwriter David Hayter provides the English voice of the character .
Portishead power stations The Portishead power stations were coal-fed power stations built adjacent to the dock .
The list classifies cities in India based on two parameters -- Compensatory City Allowance ( CCA ) , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 and B-2 , and House Rent Allowance ( HRA ) , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 , B-2 and C/O. This classification was initially based on the recommendations of the Fifth Pay Commission of India ( 1997 ) .
Luterbach is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Pentium OverDrive , a brand of CPUs formerly produced by Intel
Everglades ( also known as Everglades City ) is a city in Collier County , Florida , United States .
There are many different types of grinding mills and many types of materials processed in them .
Gura Humorului ( Hebrew and Yiddish : - Gur ' Humuruluei or - Gur ' Humura ; German and Polish : Gura Humora ) is a town located in northern Romania , Suceava County in southern Bukovina .
Kevin William Dineen ( born October 28 , 1963 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and is currently the head coach of the Portland Pirates of the American Hockey League .
Cannavaro remained at Napoli until 1995 , earning nearly 60 total appearances with one goal .
The number of people watching via pay-per-view was estimated at several million , and pay-per-view revenues were estimated at $ 10 million .
Dufay was to remain in Cambrai through the 1440s , and during this time he was also in the service of the Duke of Burgundy .
It was the largest arrest in the history of the anti-nuclear movement in the United States .
Takafumi Ogura ( born July 6 , 1973 in Suzuka , Mie , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Construction began in the summer of 1878 .
Ixnay on the Hombre is the fourth studio album by the American punk band The Offspring .
In 1820 Viareggio obtained the status of city .
Angoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Vegetation in a subarctic climate is generally of low diversity , as only hardy species can survive the long winters and make use of the short summers .
Cape May is at a crossroads for bird migration .
His music was influenced by both Brazilian folk music and by stylistic elements from the European classical tradition , as exemplified by his Bachianas Brasileiras ( '' Brazilian Bachian-pieces '' ) .
Fleury-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Sequehart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the western coast of peninsula Istria .
He discussed the problems he encountered during filming , saying '' Marilyn was so difficult because she was totally unpredictable .
Akita Shinkansen
In Japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line and tend to take aspects of the natural world as their subject matter , while haiku in English often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of Japanese haiku and may deal with any subject matter .
With a population rate increase of 4.39 % annually the city has become the 3rd fastest growing in Africa ( 9th fastest in the world ) after Bamako and Lagos , respectively .
See also the entry for '' TLAHTOANI '' , in Wimmer ( 2006 ) A ( ) is a female ruler , or queen regnant .
It is the largest harbor on the south side of the island and is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland .
Like most arthropods , spiders lack balance and acceleration sensors and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up .
Emperor Tiberius founds a credit bank in Rome .
The Gospel According to Luke ( , kata Loukan euangelion , or , to euangelion kata Loukan ) , commonly called the Gospel of Luke or simply Luke , is the third and longest of the four canonical Gospels .
Some days into the action the miners organised the Clunes Miners ' Association and what were to become known as the Clunes Riots , successfully resisting the use of foreign labor as strikebreakers .
W.V. Quine , George Santayana , and other philosophers have advocated this view .
Martinpuich is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although the species name albacares might suggest otherwise , the fish usually known as albacore is a different species of tuna , Thunnus alalunga .
Great Britain is the largest island of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions , and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide .
The term usually refers to its use on railways , but can also refer to a '' road locomotive '' such as a traction engine or steamroller .
They walked across Asia to reach the Americas , and from Central Asia into Europe .
Some fixation occurs in lightning strikes , but most fixation is done by free-living or symbiotic bacteria .
During one performance , Tulisa fainted on stage .
At the elementary school level , social studies generally focuses first on the local community and family .
In some categorizations , a party needs to have a certain level of success to be considered a third party .
In algebraic notation the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 , ... , h2 , while the black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 , ... , h7 .
Christian , the protagonist in John Bunyan 's novel The Pilgrim 's Progress
The team was a member of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League ( PDL ) , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid , until 2007 , when the team left the league and the franchise was terminated .
The Service employs nearly 6000 people around Australia and overseas and is headquartered in Canberra .
Evergreen hosts three '' small schools '' on its campus , namely the Arts & Academic Academy , the Health , Science , & Human Services School , and the Technology , Engineering , & Communications Schools .
To prepare for admissions to the university , many foreign students attend German language courses at the University affiliated language school TUDIAS-Sprachschule .
Polish notation , also known as prefix notation , is a form of notation for logic , arithmetic , and algebra .
Twickenham was carefully planned , with streets laid out on the northeast to southwest direction based on the Big Spring ( see images below ) .
Henry Luce put him on the cover of TIME in 1954 .
The brothers planned to capture Paradigm so that they could force him to return them to their human selves and expose Paradigm 's genetic experiments .
In most cases it has the same form as the direct case , but there are exceptions : O potrze !
The league is considered to be the first American professional women 's basketball league to be successful as a SUMMER league , like the WNBA .
The plot and characters are loosely based on the author 's observations of her family and neighbors , as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936 , when she was 10 years old .
Standard intelligence tests , such as the Stanford-Binet , are often inappropriate for children with autism ; the alternative of using developmental or adaptive skills measures are relatively poor measures of intelligence in autistic children , and may have resulted in incorrect claims that a majority of children with autism are mentally retarded .
The first competition was held in the 1960 - 61 season , and the last in 1998 - 99 .
Milton ( formerly known as Scratch Ankle , because of the briars and bramble that grew in the area ) , or Milltown , because Milton had the largest mill around ) is a city in Santa Rosa County , Florida , United States .
Five Leander-class frigates played the role of HMS Hero and for continuity , all were repainted with the pennant number F42 of HMS Phoebe , the main warship used for filming .
On his second visit , in April , Grieg brought with him the manuscript of his Piano Concerto , which Liszt proceeded to sightread ( including the orchestral arrangement ) .
Passengers are entitled to a refund if their journey is delayed by 15 minutes or more due to circumstances within the control of TfL .
Factor VIII ( FVIII ) is an essential blood clotting factor also known as anti-hemophilic factor ( AHF ) .
Critic Roger Ebert wrote of Keaton 's '' extraordinary period from 1920 to 1929 , ( when ) he worked without interruption on a series of films that make him , arguably , the greatest actor-director in the history of the movies . ''
Rolls-Royce AB , formerly KaMeWa AB , then a part of Vickers plc Rolls-Royce Motors , the car division comprising the Rolls-Royce and Bentley brands , separated from Rolls-Royce Limited in 1973 .
The discovery in the late 1990s of nanobes ( filamental structures that are smaller than bacteria , but that may contain DNA ) in deep rocks might be seen as lending support to Gold 's theory .
Greg Kot of Rolling Stone wrote that Armstrong '' ca n't muster the same excitement for his more mature themes '' and stated '' Who wants to listen to songs of faith , hope and social commentary from what used to be snot-core 's biggest-selling band ? ''
Soon after , Kelly became the third Dean of the College of Education at the University of Kansas .
It was based in the United Kingdom for many years and is now owned by Universal Music Group .
Asexual reproduction is reproduction which does not involve meiosis , ploidy reduction , or fertilization .
Tomohiko Ikoma ( August 25 , 1932 -- April 27 , 2009 ) was a Japanese football player .
The larger cycloalkanes , with greater than 20 carbon atoms are typically called cycloparaffins .
Daily Record ( Scotland ) ( December 16 , 2006 ) Bad spell for village .
Associated notable people Michele Austin - Actress .
The flowers are generally small and white , radially symmetric , and can be either uni - or bi - .
It included the five Treaty of Brussels states , as well as the United States , Canada , Portugal , Italy , Norway , Denmark and Iceland .
Chalandry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She discovers that the Chozo once settled on this planet , and their disappearance , as well as the emergence of Phazon , is due to a meteor impacting the planet decades ago .
The motion of the fluid swirling rapidly around a center is called a vortex .
King Louis XIV of France ( 1643 -- 1715 ) .
OS Explorer Map OL40 - The Broads .
Home to the to the politically prominent Isani and Agha families , Garhi Yasin has been one of the centres from which Shikarpur and Sindh has been ruled from , in recent history .
The work , which included dredging and bolstering the banks of the stream and building the bridges , was carried out every 2 ~ 3 years during this period from the reign of Taejong , the third king of the Joseon Dynasty .
To play the bassoon it is very important to have lots of breathing support .
Monocotyledons , also known as monocots , are one of two major groups of flowering plants ( or angiosperms ) that are traditionally recognized , the other being dicotyledons , or dicots .
Playing football in Italy 's fourth tier was far less glamorous than the Zemanlandia days but the club set itself on the long road back in 2002-03 , when led by coach Pasquale Marino and key players Roberto De Zerbi and Michele Pazienza , they were promoted back to Serie C1 .
Because most chocolate chips are designed to retain their shape when baking , they contain less cocoa butter than baking chocolate .
A living room , also known as sitting room , lounge room or lounge ( in the United Kingdom and Australia ) , is a room for entertaining adult guests , reading , or other activities .
They also trained the Kongu youth in martial arts and imbibed in them strong nationalistic fervour .
John Wayne Gacy , Jr. ( March 17 , 1942 - May 10 , 1994 ) was an American serial killer also known as the Killer Clown who committed the rape and murder of 33 teenage boys and young men between 1972 and 1978 .
In Iran , the citron 's thick white rind is used to make jam , in South Indian cuisine , the citron is widely used in pickles and preserves .
Because of this , '' the Nationalists referred to Lisbon as ` the port of Castile . '
Maier , American National Biography .
However , the territory 's capital , Charlotte Amalie , is located on Saint Thomas .
Shelton Benjamin became the third participant when he defeated Jimmy Wang Yang on the following episode of SmackDown .
When investigating possible cases of COI editing , Wikipedians must be careful not to reveal the identity of other editors .
His four albums have received numerous awards , including a cumulative twelve Grammys , and critical acclaim .
Jean Merilyn Simmons , OBE ( January 31 , 1929 January 22 , 2010 ) was an English actress who later also became an American citizen .
John Maynard Keynes was born in Cambridge to a middle-class family . His father John Neville Keynes was an economist and a lecturer in moral sciences at the University of Cambridge and his mother Florence Ada Keynes a local social reformer .
The alliance of the three powers , supplemented by various agreements with Portugal , Japan , the United States , Brazil and Spain , constituted a powerful counterweight to the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary , and Italy .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency defines food waste for the United States as being : '' Uneaten food and food preparation wastes from residences and commercial establishments such as grocery stores , restaurants , and produce stands , institutional cafeterias and kitchens , and industrial sources like employee lunchrooms '' .
First use of general anesthesia in an operation , by Crawford Long .
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , Phillip of Australia , Barnard Eldershaw , M. Angus and Robertson 1938 and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .
Regular season Final standings Red-shaded team won the Presidents ' Trophy and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs .
Pouzauges is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Parsifal now baptizes the weeping Kundry .
Sonny Moore ( born January 15 , 1988 ) , professionally known as Skrillex , is an American electro house , fidget house , Breakbeat and dubstep musician from Los Angeles , California , well known for his role as the former frontman for the post-hardcore band From First to Last .
A sequel can lead to a series , in which key elements appear in a number of stories .
LeToya Nicole Luckett ( born March 11 , 1981 ) , known professionally as LeToya , is an American R&B singer-songwriter and actress .
Optical Density ( absorbance )
Guam , along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands , were treated as part of Spain 's colony in the Philippines . While Guam 's Chamorro culture is unique , the cultures of both Guam and the Northern Marianas were heavily influenced by Spanish culture and traditions during their 333 years of rule .
'' Love in Chains '' ( Stanley ) -- 3:34
The English language translation , World Canine Organisation , is not often used .
May 29 & ndash ; The Rhode Island General Assembly drafts a constitution that separates church and state , and permits public referendums and initiatives on legislation .
Massachusetts Democratic Party officials claimed that Romney was ineligible to run for governor , citing residency issues involving Romney 's time in Utah as president of the Salt Lake City Olympic Committee .
The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match , in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina , who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella ( Anthony Carelli ) .
Due to her close involvement in the Cowboy Bebop anime , the game released by Bandai also features her work .
The trailer circulated throughout the Internet .
Inverbervie is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland , south of Stonehaven , in the Aberdeenshire council area .
Migrating peoples during this period included the Goths , Vandals , Bulgars , Alans , Suebi , Frisians , and Franks , among other Germanic , and Slavic tribes .
The Japanese given name naomi ( pronounced nah-oh-mee ) is composed of two Kanji characters : ( nao ) honest , straight and ( mi ) beautiful .
During the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships , held in Los Angeles , United States , she set another new world record of 76.12 points in the short program , surpassing her previous record by almost four points .
She has embarked on three global headlining tours and is the founder of her own multimedia label , N.E.E.T./O. In 2009 , Time magazine named M.I.A. to its annual Time 100 list of the world 's most influential people .
Beacon is a city located in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
The style represents a borrowing from pre-Islamic Iranian architecture and has been used almost exclusively for mosques in Iran .
Ingrid Betancourt Pulecio ( born 25 December 1961 ) is a Colombian-French politician , former senator , anti-corruption activist and Nobel Peace Prize nominee .
He claimed to have led a guerrilla force called Ang Maharlika in northern Luzon during the Second World War , although this is doubted .
He executed this work with the greatest mastery and diligence , introducing the portraits of Matteo and his wife on their knees .
It was widely used in World War I , World War II , the Korean War , and the Vietnam War .
The China national football team ( ) is the national football ( soccer ) team of China and is governed by the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) .
Females are attracted to lights , but males are not .
Amerigo Vespucci ( March 9 , 1454-February 22 , 1512 ) was an Italian explorer , navigator and cartographer .
According to their website at Universal Music Japan , their catch phrase is '' Rock 'n' Breakbeats with Four Microphones '' .
Camarones is a city and commune in the Arica y Parinacota Region in Chile .
It is in great danger of becoming extinct .
Locust trees ( Gleditsia or Robinia ) , wisteria , and the Kentucky Coffeetree ( Gymnocladus dioicus ) are all legumes .
Ucon is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
Inefficiencies caused by the aforementioned problems regarding the draughting abilities and firebox design meant that no further examples were constructed .
Besides the two official ones , there are also speakers of Nubian , Hausa spoken in all Sudanese States , Ta Bedawie , diverse dialects of Nilotic and Paranilotic , as well as speakers of the Dinka and Nuer languages .
In the original design , Scroll Lock was intended to modify the behavior of the arrow keys . When the Scroll Lock mode was on , the arrow keys would scroll the contents of a text window instead of moving the cursor .
The play ends with the Prince 's elegy for the lovers : '' For never was a story of more woe \/O/ Than this of Juliet and her Romeo . ''
James Francis Edward , Prince of Wales ( James Francis Edward Stuart ; '' The Old Pretender '' or '' The Old Chevalier '' ; 10 June 1688 - 1 January 1766 ) was the son of the deposed James II of England ( James VII of Scotland ) .
Loosely based on William Steig 's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek !
First Epistle of John , traditionally ascribed to the Apostle John , son of Zebedee .
'' Something '' is a song by The Beatles , written by lead guitarist George Harrison in 1969 .
Damian Jacques Jackson ( born August 16 , 1973 in Los Angeles , California ) is a major league second baseman who currently plays for the Orange County Flyers of the independent Golden Baseball League .
The case was resolved on December 20 , 2005 , when Judge John E. Jones III ruled that the Dover Area School District can not teach Intelligent Design in a science class room , due to its religious origins .
The film broke a record for the largest financial amount made for an animated film on opening weekend , a record it kept until 1986 , when An American Tail , an animated film directed by Rescuers animator Don Bluth , broke the record .
Earlville is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
September 14 & ndash ; Mercy Otis Warren , American playwright ( d. 1814 )
A member is a person who belongs to a social group or a group such as a company or nation who belongs to another group like an alliance or consortium .
This list is used by MediaWiki to know what pages are disambiguation pages , and thus not articles . This is used by Special : Disambiguations to show any pages linking to disambig pages .
The living symbol of Smokey Bear was an American black bear cub who in the spring of 1950 was caught in the Capitan Gap fire , a wildfire that burned 17000 a in the Lincoln National Forest , in the Capitan Mountains of New Mexico .
He debuted on the brand by making a surprise appearance to sign a contract for the final spot in the Extreme Elimination Chamber match for the ECW World Championship at December to Dismember .
VH1 revived the band 's fortunes in the US in 1998 by featuring them on one of the first episodes of Behind The Music .
An open string looks like a short line , so its worldsheet will look like a strip or , more generally , a Riemann surface with a boundary .
Christianity holds that the essential element of the commandment not to make '' any graven image , or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above '' is '' and bow down and worship it '' .
November 18 & ndash ; Adam Marsh , English scholar and theologian
When Wulff took office , Lower Saxony faced a severe budget crisis , resulting from years of public deficits .
TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , a Connecticut- based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) . The event was established in 2009 , replacing Armageddon in the December slot of WWE 's pay-per-view calendar .
His favored position was center back .
Sodium manganate is rarely encountered because it can not be readily prepared from by the oxidation of manganese dioxide and sodium hydroxide .
With Thompson in goal , the Mustangs defeated Currie Army 8 - 4 to tie the best-of-five series at two wins apiece .
Keselowski began his NASCAR career in the 2004 Craftsman Truck Series season , as the driver of the # 29 for his family-owned K Automotive Racing team .
Robert Moses '' Lefty '' Grove ( March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 ) was a professional baseball pitcher .
There is some debate about how the Ojibway traded for or found these shells , so far inland and so far north , very distant from the natural habitat .
The Portuguese Man o ' War ( Physalia physalis ) , also known as the Portuguese man-of-war , man-of-war , or bluebottle , is a jelly-like marine invertebrate of the family Physaliidae .
The range of topics include health , law enforcement , labor , economic and social development , energy , environment , foreign affairs , justice and interior , terrorism , and trade .
Designed as the main association football stadium for the World Cup , the FNB Stadium became the largest stadium in Africa with a capacity of 94,700 , However its maximum capacity during the 2010 FIFA World Cup was 84,490 due to reserved seating for the press and other VIP 's .
Several other licensees have manufactured devices powered by Palm OS .
The first system in Hinduism that unequivocally explicated absolute monism was the non-dualist philosophy of Advaita Vedanta as expounded by Shankara .
Generally it is only about 1 % or less of all monarchs , but has maintained populations as high as 10 % on Oahu in Hawaii , possibly due to selective predation .
Campbellsville is a city in Taylor County , Kentucky , United States .
She suffered from anorexia nervosa , a little known disease at the time , and died at the age of 32 from heart failure , later attributed to complications related to her illness .
DIS , 1941 ( escort fighter )
Hirsi Ali has said '' it is written in the Koran a woman may be slapped if she is disobedient .
( Latin for '' the way that denies by denying '' ) Stone , Jon R. 1996 .
The yo-yo is a popular toy consisting of a length of string tied at one end to a flat spool .
Bevington is a city in Madison and Warren Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Choi Eun-Sung ( born 5 April 1971 ) is a South Korean football player .
In the United States , people refer to what they perceive as manga '' styled '' comics as Amerimanga , world manga , or original English-language manga ( OEL manga ) .
The treatment itself may have complications .
Within the municipality there is one municipal district ( distrito municipal ) : San Luis . .
A commander in the Royal Navy is above the rank of lieutenant-commander , below the rank of captain , and is equivalent in rank to a lieutenant colonel in the army .
Water pressure decreases to atmospheric , or in some cases subatmospheric , as the water passes through the turbine blades and loses energy .
Dune is a science fiction franchise which originated with the 1965 novel Dune by Frank Herbert .
Remer said that if the USSR ever did invade Germany , he would '' show the Russians the way to the Rhine '' and that SRP members would '' post themselves as traffic policemen , spreading their arms so that the Russians can find their way through Germany as quickly as possible '' .
After eluding airport authorities , the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco , with home on the other side of the Golden Gate bridge .
According to Stowe 's son , when Abraham Lincoln met her in 1862 Lincoln commented , '' So this is the little lady who started this great war . ''
The thesis , which was written under the supervision of Albert W. Tucker , contained the definition and properties of what would later be called the '' Nash Equilibrium '' .
Chuuk -- formerly Truk , Ruk , Hogoleu , Torres , Ugulat , and Lugulus -- is an island group in the south western part of the Pacific Ocean .
The towns of Colfax , California ; Colfax , Washington ; Colfax , Indiana ; Colfax , Iowa and Colfax , Louisiana , are named for Schuyler Colfax .
is a Japanese football player who currently playing for Zweigen Kanazawa .
Miribel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The trip to Mexico was for Eisenstein to make a film produced by Sinclair and his wife , Mary Craig Kimbrough Sinclair , and three other investors organized as the '' Mexican Film Trust '' .
While the rules of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) follows the general rules of ice hockey , it differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics .
NASD spun off NASDAQ in 2000 to form a publicly traded company , the NASDAQ Stock Market , Inc./ORGANIZATION.
It is commonly referred to in historical literature as '' la fée verte '' ( the Green Fairy ) .
Politics The revolution in which current Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili came to power in 2003 was called the '' Rose Revolution '' .
Charlotte Palmer -- the daughter of Mrs. Jennings and the younger sister of Lady Middleton , Mrs. Palmer is jolly but empty-headed and laughs at inappropriate things , such as her husband 's continual rudeness to her and to others .
Gaudiempré is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It seats up to 1,708 fans and also provides extensive facilities for disabled supporters .
The Men Who Robbed Them .
A few species ( Bombus polaris and B. alpinus ) range into very cold climates where other bees might not be found ; B. polaris can be found in northern Ellesmere Island -- the northernmost occurrence of any eusocial insect -- along with its parasite , B. hyperboreus .
Hearts have won the League title four times , the Scottish Cup on seven occasions , and the Scottish League Cup four times .
It is closely related to the Amethyst-throated Sunangel , and species limits in this complex are unclear .
Coe , page 47 They constructed simple burial mounds .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
The cemetery is in size .
The Japanese tea ceremony , also called the Way of Tea , is a Japanese cultural activity involving the ceremonial preparation and presentation of matcha , powdered green tea .
This is estimated to happen over 600,000 years from now , when the southern tip of Spain reaches Africa .
Kwok 's onstage dancing and displays is influenced by Michael Jackson.HKheadline.com .
Like his brother and younger sister , he is killed in the train crash and is transferred to Aslan 's country , where they all live forever .
Tarqeq ( TAR-kayk ) , also known as Saturn LII ( provisional designation S/2007 S 1 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Frequently , hypostyle mosques have outer arcades so that visitors can enjoy the shade .
Never Been Kissed was produced by 20th Century Fox and Drew Barrymore 's production company , Flower Films .
According to both Stallone and Schwarzenegger , despite their rivalry , the duo are actually very close friends , much like fellow actors Al Pacino and Robert De Niro .
Although power trios fell out of fashion in mainstream rock during the early 1980s , the rise of post-punk and indie rock in the later 1980s and throughout the 1990s featured many trios , such as grunge-rockers Nirvana and pop-punk bands such as Green Day and Blink-182 .
Due to the relative ease of production they are frequently used by non-professionally equipped fighters and others who can not afford , manufacture , or obtain hand grenades .
Robert M. Hazen reports upon experiments conducted in which various chiral crystal surfaces act as sites for possible concentration and assembly of chiral monomer units into macromolecules .
Cavagnago is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Continuing Lewes 's comparison to Shakespeare , Simpson wrote that Austen :
Line ( electrical engineering ) , a circuit or loop
The band got their break after Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 , and gave a copy of '' She 's Hearing Voices '' to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq .
The tournament is one of the largest international sporting competitions in the world .
The National Hurricane Center stated that heavy rainfall , potentially as high as 10 inches ( 250 mm ) in mountainous areas , would be possible in the territory , possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides .
Mory is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They established the principles and basic techniques of partition chromatography , and their work encouraged the rapid development of several types of chromatography method : paper chromatography , gas chromatography , and what would become known as high performance liquid chromatography .
Koji Ezumi is a Japanese footballer .
Coopersale Halt is the current terminus of the Epping Ongar Railway in the hamlet of Coopersale in Epping , Essex , England .
Since 1991 , the studio has been in an exclusive partnership with the Japanese animation studio Madhouse , and in 2001 , Madhouse became a partial owner\/investor .
Wall stud , a vertical member within a light-frame construction wall
By the latter part of the century hatting had changed from a manual to a mechanised process , and was one of Stockport 's primary employers ; the area , with nearby Denton , was the leading national center .
Antonio Ramiro Romo ( born April 21 , 1980 in San Diego , California ) is an American football quarterback who plays for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League .
Monticello ( ) is a city in Piatt County , Illinois , United States .
When the pair was publicly denounced by Cynics in the theater , Titus caved in to the pressure and sent her away , but his reputation further suffered .
Chilon of Sparta ( c. 560 BCE )
For example , '' You shall not commit adultery '' of Moses loosely corresponds to '' Mutual respect in a family , concern about the upbringing of children '' of the Code .
The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo , and is not within any of the provinces .
When he was 20 years old , he and Wei Qing were sent with separate armies to attack the Xiongnu on the largest-scale Han offensive to date .
Bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea , presently classified by the unranked taxon name Anthophila .
Contrary to popular belief , hitting one in the face with a glove was not a challenge , but could be done after the glove had been thrown down as a response to the one issuing the challenge .
After the 1932 Revolution , the Khana Ratsadon wanted the legal and political studies to be independent from royalist Chulalongkorn University so they took the Faculty of Law and Political Science into their new Thammasat University in 1933 .
The settlement was mentioned for the first time in 1222 in a document from Cologne where Everhard de Benrode is named as an attestor .
Portuguese traders deliver their first cargo of African slaves to Lisbon .
June 11 & ndash ; John III , Burgrave of Nuremberg ( b. c. 1369 )
These criteria are the same for all regions of the world .
The stadium was constructed in 1995 as a joint venture between Meadowbank Thistle F.C. and the Livingston Development Corporation .
Chamad ( also known as Chamhad ) is one of the 51 Union Councils ( subdivisions ) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
As Erin made landfall , the warning was canceled , and several flood watches and warnings were issued for counties across southeastern Texas .
However , Donna returned as The Doctor 's sole full-time companion for the whole of the fourth series in 2008 , and reprised the role once more in the 2009-10 special The End of Time .
Initially pursuing a career as a lawyer , Bellucci modeled to pay her tuition at the University of Perugia , but the lifestyle tempted her away from her law studies .
He has also discovered the second known Neptune Trojan , as well as several Kuiper Belt Objects , Centaurs , and Near Earth Asteroids .
She performed with the 1673 Stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 , when she acquired the Davidov .
The team produced its first notable result in the 1998 Armenian First League , where it became the league 's champions and won promotion to the Armenian Premier League .
Born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta , Browning is a four-time Canadian figure skating champion and four-time World Champion .
Henry Robinson Luce ( April 3 , 1898 & ndash ; February 28 , 1967 ) was an influential American publisher .
The Korea Professional Football League ( K-League ) is South Korea 's only fully professional association football league .
In 1835 she was legally separated from Dudevant and , taking the children with her , converted to Judaism .
The Egyptian Fruit Bat or Egyptian Rousette ( Rousettus aegyptiacus ) is a species of Old World fruit bat found throughout Africa , except in the desert regions of the Sahara , and throughout the Middle East , as far east as Pakistan and northern India .
Image = Ladder fall bruise .
Cosworth is based in Northampton , England , with North American facilities in Torrance , Indianapolis and Mooresville and an Indian facility in Pune .
Taylor Alison Swift ( born December 13 , 1989 ) is an American country pop singer-songwriter , musician and actress .
Burmeister 's Porpoise , Phocoena spinipinnis
Newton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of color based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the many colors that form the visible spectrum .
He was nominated by the CHP as candidate for Mayor of Istanbul in the 2009 local elections , in which he gained 36.8 % of all votes .
October 10 -- Tiberius Gemellus grandson of Tiberius .
The electric signals from the theremin are amplified and sent to a loudspeaker .
She is most well known as the voice of Toph Bei Fong in the animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
In 1978 , Romero returned to the zombie genre with Dawn of the Dead ( 1978 ) .
The actual site of Bidatsu 's grave is known . This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Osaka .
Hillis , D. M. , and T. P. Wilcox .
I was born in San Francisco in 1919 and spent most of my early life in California .
His policy was broadly progressive but had little to do with traditional democratic socialism .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
Such members are known as '' Extra Knights '' and do not count towards the sixteen-member limit .
The new name was officially recommended by IUPAC on August 16 , 2003 .
Om Baptister og Barnedaab Baptists and Infant Baptism , Copenhagen 1844 .
While the Versace Group is not as financially robust as it was in its earlier and peak stages , the Versace Group has publicly made clear that Donatella and Allegra Versace will hopefully bring a new face and attraction to the Versace label .
Ciupercenii Noi is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 5,899 people .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland .
Current variants SimplyMEPIS , the most popular MEPIS variant , is designed for everyday desktop and laptop computing .
Sardinia and France defeat Austria in Solferino , northern Italy .
The new rings bring the total number of Uranian rings to 13 .
The article Japanese writing system discusses in detail when the various systems of writing are used .
He strives to be a better father and learns that Bart is participating in a Soap Box Derby .
Initially the manor was the principal unit of local administration and justice in the early rural economy .
A change in central setting or , to a lesser extent , remodeling of the setting .
Bush &#146; s Brave New World In the same vein as the separation of church and state , Szasz believes that a solid wall must exist between psychiatry and the State .
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature , and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions .
This definition of inductive reasoning excludes mathematical induction , which is considered to be a form of deductive reasoning .
Boyfriend or boyfriends may also refer to :
Some shows feature a special guest star ( e.g. , Don Drysdale on a season premiere episode of The Brady Bunch or Jerry Seinfeld on a season premiere of 30 Rock ) ; others might have multi-part '' adventures , '' such as the Bradys ' family vacations to Grand Canyon and Hawaii .
Manchin , a Democrat , was Governor of West Virginia from 2005 to 2010 .
The words acetaminophen and paracetamol both come from chemical names for the compound : para-acetylaminophenol and para-acetylaminophenol .
On the August 20 , 1999 , episode of The Howard Stern Show , ICP clashed with fellow guest Sharon Osbourne , and she bet Violent J $ 50,000 that ICP 's next album would not sell more than 200,000 copies , and that it would be subsequently dropped from its distributor .
Young was named the Most Valuable Player of the NFL in 1992 and 1994 , the MVP of Super Bowl XXIX , and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2005 -- the first left-handed quarterback to be so honored .
Pallone ( Italian for an inflated ball , similar to the word balloon ) is the name of several traditional ball games , played in all regions of Italy , with few differences in regulations .
It was named so because it can dissolve the so-called royal metals , or noble metals , gold and platinum .
Leaves can store food and water , and are modified in some plants for other purposes .
Saint-Martin-de-Sallen is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Vlad fled to Moldavia until October 1451 and was put under the protection of his uncle , Bogdan II .
Breast cancer ( malignant breast neoplasm ) is cancer originating from breast tissue , most commonly from the inner lining of milk ducts or the lobules that supply the ducts with milk .
List of flasks There are several types of laboratory flasks , all of which have different functions within the laboratory .
Known to many as '' UVM , '' the university has also been named a Public Ivy .
The Liberal Democrats , often shortened to Lib Dems , are a liberal political party in the United Kingdom .
The Coming of the Holy Spirit -- Sunday , May 22 ( Pentecost )
There were 19,812 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile ( 8\/km ) .
This moth has one flight a year from July to September .
The other local-government districts with city status that were abolished around this time ( Bath and Hereford ) had decided to appoint Charter Trustees to maintain the existence of the city and the mayoralty .
In 1934 he completed his Symphony No. 2 , his last purely orchestral work , conducted in Amsterdam and New York by Bruno Walter .
Koki Kotegawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Ralph Herforth as Jack ` Cannonball ' Taylor , a superstar racer sponsored by Royalton Industries .
Events September 3 -- St. Cuthbert is reburied in Durham Cathedral .
The Donna Reed Show is an American sitcom which aired on ABC from September 24 , 1958 to March 19 , 1966 .
Keeani comes from a character in the surfing movie North Shore which means wave in Hawaiian and Lei from the Hawaiian flower necklace .
The company was formerly known as ntl : Telewest following the merger of NTL Incorporated with Telewest Global , Inc. .
It also recognizes tah wetlands have economic , cultural , scientific , and recreational value .
Due to the legal settlement with CART , the Indy Racing League was unable to utilize the name IndyCar until the beginning of the 2003 season .
Plushenko withdrew from the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships due to an injury .
Altskeith is a hotel in Stirling , Scotland on the north shore of Loch Ard .
On the 28 September 2006 , Cohen appeared in character as Borat at the White House gates to give a press conference to invite '' Supreme Warlord Premier George Walter Bush '' to a screening of his forthcoming film , along with '' O.J. Simpson '' , '' Melvin Gibsons '' and other '' American dignitaries '' , after which they would join him for drinks at Hooters .
The additions are : The Prayer of Azariah and Song of the Three Holy Children : Daniel 3:24 -90 inserted between verses 23 and 24 ( v. 24 becomes v. 91 ) in the Protestant canon .
The British Army endured the bloodiest day in its history , suffering 57,470 casualties and 19,240 dead on 1 July 1916 , the first day of the Battle of the Somme .
He became Finance Minister in November 1999 and was named by the Pakistan Muslim League for the position of Prime Minister after the resignation of Zafarullah Khan Jamali on June 6 , 2004 .
They have released the titles Ratchet & Clank : Size Matters and Secret Agent Clank for the PlayStation Portable , as well as a PlayStation 2 port of Size Matters .
It is told mostly from the point of view of Bean , a largely peripheral character in the original novel Ender 's Game .
It has a short dark bill , short wings and a long tail .
Slipknot is the self-titled debut studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot .
In Britain , Ireland , Australia , India , Spain , Argentina , and Germany the word '' tractor '' usually means '' farm tractor '' , and the use of the word '' tractor '' to mean other types of vehicles is familiar to the vehicle trade but unfamiliar to much of the general public .
Zoologists and paleontologists use fauna to refer to a typical collection of animals found in a specific time or place , e.g. the '' Sonoran Desert fauna '' or the '' Burgess shale fauna '' .
It was decided that buses were a better alternative .
Migros ( ) is one of Switzerland 's largest enterprises , its largest supermarket chain and largest employer .
Mariner 10 was a robotic space probe launched by NASA on November 3 , 1973 to fly by the planets Mercury and Venus .
Silliman University ( also referred to as Silliman or SU ) is a Christian private university located in Dumaguete City , Negros Oriental , Philippines .
The truth now revealed , a fight ensues between the hyenas and lionesses while Simba confronts Scar alone at the top of Pride Rock . Scar begs Simba for mercy , accusing the hyenas of planning the whole thing .
The stations at Lynton and Bratton Fleming are now private residences , Blackmoor Gate is a restaurant and Barnstaple Town a school .
Fourteen cities are located in Tochigi Prefecture .
He also contributed to the development of so-called '' living polymerization '' .
Cale meets Joseph Korso ( Bill Pullman ) , a human captain who requests Cale 's help to find the Titan , demonstrating that Cale 's ring contains a map leading to the Titan ; the ring is genetically-encoded to respond to Cale 's father , and hence now only responds to Cale himself , making him the only chance for humanity 's future .
Athletics has been contested at every Summer Olympics since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics .
December July 2 : Fight at Alford , Aberdeenshire .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
The scenes that greeted British troops were described by the BBC 's Richard Dimbleby , who accompanied them :
The Mississippi River forms the easternmost possible boundary for the West today .
There is also a hybrid of glove and mitten which contains open-ended sheaths for the four fingers ( as in a fingerless glove , but not the thumb ) and also an additional compartment encapsulating the four fingers as a mitten would .
They play in the Target Center .
Bryan Owen '' Pete '' Young ( born March 19 1968 in Meadville , Mississippi ) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
In 1971 he was awarded a Lambeth doctorate by the then Archbishop of Canterbury in recognition of his '' eminent services to church music '' .
With an estimated population of 7,368 in 2010 , it is the fifth most populous city in the state .
Soon he abandoned lecturing and became a free man of letters .
While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had one of the nation 's lowest median household incomes , also had the nation 's lowest median home price .
The province as of June 20 2006 is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
Frank Rost ( born 30 June 1973 in Karl-Marx-Stadt ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hamburger SV .
Following the 2003 U.S. Championships , Meissner was named to the team for the 2003 Triglav Trophy , where she won the bronze medal on the novice level .
The storm surge and high winds began on the previous day , August 28 , 2005 .
There is controversy concerning the safety of benzodiazepines in pregnancy .
It is a Mars-crosser asteroid and was the first that was known to come within the orbit of Mars .
It was in commemoration of Patroclus that the Greeks later introduced boxing ( pygme \/O/ pygmachia ) to the Olympic Games in 688 BC .
But they also have scattered population in the Frontier Region of Dera Ismail Khan District , Punjab and Afghanistan .
Events Saladin abolishes the Fatimid caliphate , restoring Sunni rule in Egypt .
The decisions to link sections of the song with orchestral crescendos and to end the song with a sustained piano chord were made only after the rest of the song had been recorded .
The Little Mountain Fire threatened several homes and other structures near Cal State San Bernardino before it was contained .
If an individual coin toss or the roll of a die is considered to be a random event , then if repeated many times the sequence of random events will exhibit certain patterns , which can be studied and predicted .
O'Brien 's final episode aired on Friday , January 22 , and Jay Leno resumed hosting The Tonight Show on March 1 , 2010 . O'Brien returned to late-night television on November 8 , 2010 , hosting Conan on cable channel TBS .
Another monster is supposed to have dwelt in Loch Calder near the castle .
However , it became an officially supported religion in the Roman state under Diocletian 's successor , Constantine I , with the signing of the Edict of Milan in 313 , and quickly became dominant .
She and Edna have half-siblings Marina , Louis and William Morse .
The following album , The Marshall Mathers LP , became the fastest-selling solo album in United States history .
Plan 9 continues to be used and developed in some circles as a research operating system and by hobbyists . The name Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a reference to the 1959 cult science fiction B-movie Plan 9 from Outer Space .
Roman Weidenfeller ( born 6 August 1980 in Diez , Germany ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga .
Laws of Constantine I around 325 both reinforced the semi-servile status of the coloni and limited their rights to sue in the courts ; the Codex Theodosianus promulgated under Theodosius II extended these restrictions .
A live CD , live DVD , or live disc is a CD or DVD containing a bootable computer operating system .
Nelson is a co-chair of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) advisory board .
Barker provided the artwork for his young adult novel The Thief of Always (/O1992/O) as well as the Abarat series .
The Las Tunas province was established in 1976 , when it was split from the ` Oriente region .
One man was injured due a tree falling on his car .
When used without modifiers , sage generally refers to Salvia officinalis ( '' common sage '' ) ; however , it is used with modifiers to refer to any member of the genus .
Saint-Léger is a commune in the Mayenne department and Pays de la Loire region of France .
The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays , a veteran of the American Revolution who led the rebels , known as '' Shaysites '' or '' Regulators '' .
The two original tribes were Drake ( named for Sir Francis Drake ) and Morgan ( named for Henry Morgan ) .
Munich is the third largest city in Germany , after Berlin and Hamburg .
Chigorin has several chess openings or variations of openings named after him , the two most important being the Chigorin Variation of the Ruy Lopez ( 1 .
The demise of the Alouettes , leaving only three teams in the East Division compared to five teams in the West Division , forced the League to alter its playoff structure by moving the easternmost Western team , the Winnipeg Blue Bombers , into the East Division , upsetting the long-standing tradition of '' East vs. West '' , as Winnipeg is not considered part of eastern Canada .
They ended on November 30 , 1950-65 .
Glos is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Nagri Tutial shares a border with the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District - to the North and east by Seer Gharbi , to the west by Nara , and to the south by Lora .
Haijima Station is a railway station in Akishima , Tokyo , Japan , jointly operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Seibu Railway .
Walters is a city in Cotton County , Oklahoma , United States .
It has a population of 29,719 , Population - Local Government Department of Sindh and is located at 25 28 ' 0N 68 24 ' 0E lying to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad .
Warnings and watches are two levels of alert issued by national weather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by the imminent approach of a tropical cyclone of tropical storm or hurricane intensity .
The main advantage of using market share is that it abstracts from industry-wide macroenvironmental variables such as the state of the economy , or changes in tax policy .
Heroic characters were replaced with disaffected antiheroes and family friendly storylines were replaced with stories based on shock value , similar to the '' Trash TV '' genre popularized in the 1990s .
Calc can also export spreadsheets to the PDF format .
A small reel-to-reel tape recorder hidden in the cockpit and which was intended to play a musical recording of the car 's features was discovered along with the original tape during the restoration process and is in working order ; the recording was reportedly done by Tex Ritter .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al Wasl FC won the championship .
Frencq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Matador Records is an independent record label , with a roster of indie rock artists and bands .
Second Council of Nicaea (/O787/O) restored the veneration of icons ( condemned at the Council of Hieria , 754 ) and repudiated iconoclasm .
There are seven tarsal bones in the human body :
Freddie Mercury ( born Farrokh Bulsara ( Gujarati : ) , 5 September 1946 -- 24 November 1991 ) was a British musician , best known as the lead vocalist and a songwriter of the rock band Queen .
Then the boat 's captain told Ringo Starr about how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny objects with which to build gardens .
In 2009 his first book , Storms of My Grandchildren , was published .
He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1991 .
North Carolina has a wide range of elevations , from sea level on the coast to in the mountains .
He appeared in the Vanier Cup in 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
For crystallization ( see also recrystallization ) to occur from a solution it must be supersaturated .
Famous for his informal manner and eccentric dress sense ( he once wore a blue and green blazer emblazoned with all the weather symbols ) , he was a viewer favorite despite an unfortunate comment before the Great Storm of 1987 .
Founded in the 5th century , the monastery is long famous for its association with Chinese martial arts and particularly with Shaolin Kung Fu , and it is the Mahayana Buddhist monastery perhaps best known to the Western world .
Among them are Bangladesh 's national anthem Amar Shonar Bangla ( ) and India 's national anthem Jana Gana Mana ( ) , making Tagore unique in having scored two national anthems .
Visitors may check in with the guards and walk from a parking area just inside the facility to the installation , approximately one quarter mile .
Nuevo Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with a total population of 718,073 .
As of the 2000 Census , the city proper had a total population of 478,403 , and was then the 33rd largest city in the United States , ( now estimated as the 43rd largest due to declines in population ) and the second largest city in Ohio .
Many management options for cancer exist including : chemotherapy , radiation therapy , surgery , immunotherapy , monoclonal antibody therapy and other methods .
At first the Co-operative Party was mostly concerned with the trading and commercial problems of the co-op movement .
The Song of Songs ( Hebrew title , Shir ha-Shirim ) , is a book of the Hebrew Bible -- Tanakh or Old Testament -- one of the five megillot ( scrolls ) .
Using the latest technology and using a new concept in publishing , Mrs Beeton ( Isabella Mary Beeton 1836 -- 1865 ) published her famous ` Book of Household Management ' , in the new format of 24 monthly parts between 1857 and 1861 .
His father died when he was ten , followed by his mother five years later .
On 20\/21 September and 19 October 1647 glowing cannonballs set fire to the city , 365 houses got razed .
Although the desirable software itself may do no harm , the bundled spyware does . In some cases , spyware authors have paid shareware authors to bundle spyware with their software .
He became a member of the rock band '' Mefisto '' in 1963 where he played piano .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces .
A protégé of Flaubert , Maupassant 's stories are characterized by their economy of style and their efficient , effortless dénouement .
Sarbhana is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
The LDV Convoy is a panel van that was manufactured by LDV Limited between 1997 and 2006 .
In Afrikaans the apostrophe is used to show that letters have been omitted from words .
Doc presents a DeLorean DMC-12 which he has modified into a time machine .
Vivid crimson colouring , slight moistness , elasticity , and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron .
Following the end of the Late Classic Period , no new major monuments were built at Tikal and there is evidence that elite palaces were burned .
In philosophy , empiricism is a theory of knowledge which asserts that knowledge comes via sensory experience .
He spent the first part of his career with Detroit , then the New York Islanders and the St. Louis Blues during his 14-year NHL career before returning to Detroit in 2005 .
Gitanjali ( Song Offerings ) , Gora ( Fair-Faced ) , and Ghare-Baire ( The Home and the World ) are among his best-known works .
'' Yellow '' has since been covered by various recording artists worldwide , and remains one of the band 's most popular songs .
The intellectual developments of the period included the creation of the economic theory of mercantilism and the publication of enduringly influential works of political and social philosophy , such as Machiavelli 's The Prince ( 1513 ) and Thomas More 's Utopia ( 1515 ) .
A modern working definition of a gene is '' a locatable region of genomic sequence , corresponding to a unit of inheritance , which is associated with regulatory regions , transcribed regions , and or other functional sequence regions '' .
Henry was born at Stirling Castle and became Duke of Rothesay , Earl of Carrick , Baron of Renfrew , Lord of the Isles and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland automatically on his birth .
The Corrymeela Community is a Christian community whose objective is the promotion of reconciliation and peace-building through the healing of social , religious , and political divisions in Northern Ireland .
The Rangers are a member of the Western Division of the Major League Baseball American League .
The range is about 500 km ( 300 mi ) long , running generally east-west .
The International Game Fish Association 's all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 1,182 lb ( 536.15 kg ) specimen taken off Chile in 1953 .
The Hershey -- Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Avery -- MacLeod -- McCarty experiment .
Several micronations , which more or less seriously claim sovereignty but are not recognized as states , also claim the status of sovereign principalities , the most notable in Europe being Sealand off the coast of England and Seborga , a small town in Italy ; other micronational principalities elsewhere include the Principality of Hutt River in Australia and the Principality of Minerva in the South Pacific .
Sommelans is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Twilight Zones writers frequently used science fiction as a vehicle for social comment ; networks and sponsors who had infamously censored all potentially '' inflammatory '' material from the then predominant live dramas were ignorant of the methods developed by writers such as Ray Bradbury for dealing with important issues through seemingly innocuous fantasy .
Fossil fuels are fuels formed by natural resources such as anaerobic decomposition of buried dead organisms .
Somewhat later , toward the end of LHIIIB , another extension to the citadel was undertaken .
The French under Napoleon took hold of the Maltese islands in 1798 , although with the aid of the British the Maltese were able to oust French control two years later .
It was later launched in Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , India , and Russia .
Even though the Variegated Fritillary has some very different characteristics from the Speyeria Fritillaries , it is still closely related to them .
He is best known for his Piano Concerto in A minor , for his incidental music to Henrik Ibsen 's play Peer Gynt ( which includes Morning Mood and In the Hall of the Mountain King ) , and for his collection of piano miniatures Lyric Pieces .
After that , he appeared in period film Becoming Jane as Henry Austen , Jane Austen 's older brother , then as bassist Peter Hook of the band Joy Division in Anton Corbijn 's 2007 movie Control .
In 1967 while Yunus attended Vanderbilt University , he met Vera Forostenko , a student of Russian literature at Vanderbilt University and daughter of Russian immigrants to Trenton , New Jersey , U.S. .
Noteworthy is the fact that this reaction does not afford appreciable amounts of silver hydroxide due to the favorable energetics for the following reaction : Holleman , A. F. ; Wiberg , E. '' Inorganic Chemistry '' Academic Press : San Diego , 2001 .
The decisions to link sections of the song with orchestral crescendos and to end the song with a sustained piano chord were made only after the rest of the song had been recorded .
They moved to Richmond where Robert took a post as the register of the Confederate Treasury .
However because paper decomposes rapidly , there is very little direct evidence of its age or origins , aside from references in published material .
Only six storms formed during this hurricane season .
General Lagos is Chile 's northernmost commune in Parinacota Province , Arica and Parinacota Region .
A camel is an even-toed ungulate within the genus Camelus , bearing distinctive fatty deposits known as humps on its back .
In the first year of government , she served as acting prime minister for 69 days during Rudd 's overseas travel engagements .
The Christmas Island Pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus murrayi ) is a species of vesper bat found only on Christmas Island , Australia .
That year , Robinson was one of ten students named to the school 's Order of the Mast and Dagger ( Omicron Mu Delta ) , awarded to students performing '' outstanding service to the school and whose scholastic and citizenship record is worthy of recognition . ''
André George Previn KBE ( born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 ) is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
The Orne River flows through the city , as well as small rivers known as les Odons , most of which have been buried under the city to improve urban hygiene .
This will lead to the correct page on worldcat .
Key exchange ( also known as '' key establishment '' ) is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
Australopithecus bahrelghazali is a fossil hominin that was first discovered in 1993 by the paleontologist Michel Brunet in the Bahr el Ghazal valley near Koro Toro , in Chad , that Brunet named Abel .
The Mii 's weight class depends on its height and weight ( this can be customized in the Mii Channel ) , and its favorite color affects the color scheme of its clothing , while the gender affects the color scheme of their vehicles .
In 2003 Vacheron Constantin introduced a new sports line called Overseas , and a collection called Egérie , the first to include watches for women .
Bracknell is a town and civil parish in the Borough of Bracknell Forest in Berkshire , England .
It operates inclusive tour services between northern and western Europe and holiday resorts in the Canary Islands and Balearic Islands .
Michaels then climbed on the top of the ladder and executed a diving elbow drop .
The received Tao Te Ching is a short text of around 5,000 Chinese characters in 81 brief chapters or sections ( ) .
South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France .
In The Gentleman 's Magazine he created the first general-interest '' magazine '' in the modern sense .
Christopher Carlos Rios ( November 10 , 1971 & ndash ; February 7 , 2000 ) , better known by his stage name Big Pun ( short for Big Punisher ) , was a Puerto Rican rapper who emerged from the underground rap scene in The Bronx in the late 1990s .
Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875 and immigrated in large numbers until the 1910s .
He has been selected as an All-Star eleven times , won the Silver Slugger award four times , and he has won the Gold Glove award on five occasions .
Started by then-Disney CEO Ron W. Miller in 1984 , Touchstone 's first film was Splash , a huge hit for Walt Disney Productions , grossing $ 68 million at the domestic boxoffice .
This town is situated at a distance of 12 km in the south of Larkana city on the Larkana-Mohenjo-daro road .
.
The Omnibox is the URL box at the top of each tab , which combines the functionalities of both URL box and search box .
He made a total of 226 appearances for Ajax and scored a penalty for Ajax to complete an 8 -- 1 victory over De Graafschap in the 1997 -- 98 season .
Jell-O must be refrigerated until served , and once set properly , it is normally eaten with a spoon .
Defective by Design is an FSF-initiated campaign against DRM .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
Masafumi Maeda is a Japanese football player currently playing for Thespa Kusatsu .
Angela Brigid Lansbury was born in Poplar , London , to Irish-born actress Moyna MacGill and politician Edgar Lansbury , a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and former mayor of the London borough of Poplar . Her paternal grandfather was the Labor Party leader George Lansbury .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
Gempen is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
This article deals with the domestic feline .
At the end of primary education , pupils sit the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education ( KCPE ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training .
The structure of Square is a substitution-permutation network with eight rounds , operating on 128-bit blocks and using a 128-bit key .
The Decameron is expurgated .
Mount Carmel is an active cemetery , located within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago .
After Hitler declared war on the United States in December 1941 , Germany and other Axis powers found themselves engaged in campaigns against three major industrial powers .
An oscilloscope ( also known as a scope , CRO , DSO or , an O-scope ) is a type of electronic test instrument that allows observation of constantly varying signal voltages , usually as a two-dimensional graph of one or more electrical potential differences using the vertical or ` Y ' axis , plotted as a function of time , ( horizontal or ` x ' axis ) .
Since turning professional , Ipswich have used a number of away colors , including white , orange , red and black vertical stripes , claret and green , cream and black vertical stripes and dark blue and claret .
Originally the indigenous languages spoken by the Han Chinese in China , it forms one of the branches of Sino-Tibetan family of languages .
ilina ( ; , , ) is a city in north-western Slovakia , around from the capital Bratislava .
The truth is the Edicts relate only the Kings ' names and never reference Suwannaphum in the text .
Broadly speaking , fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power , except oils having a flash point of approximately and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners .
The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Mahadevi and express how the different Goddesses , though very different in personality , all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders .
Passes may be very short , consisting of steep slopes to the top of the pass , or valleys of many kilometres , whose highest point is only identifiable by surveying .
Score : Jack Elliott
Seaca de P dure is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,358 people .
A no-break space separates the number and the symbol ; e.g. , '' 2.21 kg '' , '' '' , '' 22 K '' .
In particular , he advised Gerhardus Johannes Mulder in his elemental analyses of organic compounds such as coffee , tea and various proteins .
There are two dorsal fins , the first one spiny and the second soft .
He won his first Grand Slam title at the 2000 U.S. Open after defeating Pete Sampras , and won the 2005 Australian Open , defeating Lleyton Hewitt .
The effect made Definitely Maybe louder than many other albums at the time .
Today Urdu and English are the official languages and the only major literary usage of Khowar is in poetry composition .
He was driven out by Sher Shah Suri , during whose rule nearly all the villages of this ilawa were located .
The team originally took a licence from Group Lotus ( owner of Lotus Cars ) that allowed them to use the Lotus name for the 2010 season .
When octopuses reproduce , males use a specialized arm called a hectocotylus to insert spermatophores ( packets of sperm ) into the female 's mantle cavity .
Defamation may occur when one party ( the eventual defendant if a case goes forward ) writes or says something that is false about a second party ( plaintiff ) such that some third party '' receives '' the communication , and the communication of false information damages the plaintiff '' .
La Silla Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes .
He performed at the world 's major opera houses , including the English National Opera , Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , La Monnaie in Brussels , La Scala , Milan , the Metropolitan Opera , New York , the Vienna State Opera , and the Paris Opera .
However , the number of generations only gives a maximum figure as not all cells survive in each generation .
I , it was renamed ' 916 America ' on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to commemorate '' the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers '' .
There are also volunteers in regions around the world .
In some countries counseling , accommodation , specialist care exists for trafficked people to help them escape , whilst in other countries , this support is lacking and individuals are often treated as illegal immigrants and deported .
He added , '' We can not , obviously judge that any response is sentimental in this sense unless we take careful account of the situation '' ( Richards , Practical Criticism , '' Sentimentality and inhibition '' ) .
She converted to Judaism , and they were married on 15 June 1967 at the Western Wall .
His father , Dick Zimmer , was a Republican congressman from New Jersey from 1991 through 1997 .
Blackburn is a large industrial town in Lancashire , England .
The greenhouse effect was discovered by Joseph Fourier in 1824 , first reliably experimented on by John Tyndall in 1858 , and first reported quantitatively by Svante Arrhenius in 1896 .
He turned to the organ in 1927 , achieving his ARCM , ARCO and FRCO diplomas by 1930 .
Generally , only citizens are granted representation in the government in the form of voting rights , however some democracies have extended this right further .
A space-time tradeoff can be applied to the problem of data storage .
'' LANIC country page situated in the Western Hemisphere and mostly in the Southern Hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the Northern Hemisphere .
The two most common types of coherence that are typically studied are Snooping and Directory-based , each having its own benefits and drawbacks .
High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Wallington , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Wallington Public Schools .
Humberto Dionisio Maschio ( born February 20 , 1933 in Avellaneda , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine-Italian former football player .
Irene persisted for 14 days as a tropical system , the longest duration of any storm of the 2005 season .
A partial code from Henry Morgan is preserved in Alexandre Exquemelin 's 1678 book The Buccaneers of America .
In the south , the rivers flow directly into the Danube , and in the west , waters are collected by the Tisza on Hungarian territory .
Ketil 's west face in Tasermiut , Greenland ( also known as God 's Thumbnail ) , has been reported as 1,400 m - 1,450 m high , ( although some doubt has been cast on this ) .
His Berklee professors included Herb Pomeroy , Gary Burton , Phil Wilson , Ed Bedner , and Hal Crook .
Its county seat is Crystal City .
Leipzig ( , also called Leipsic in English ; ) is , with a population of appr .
The story is set in a Soviet labor camp in the 1950s , and describes a single day of an ordinary prisoner , Ivan Denisovich Shukhov .
The Turkic people living along the river formerly referred to it as Itil or Atil .
In 1920 the orchestra hired Henry Hadley as '' associate conductor '' given specific responsibility for the '' Americanization '' of the orchestra : each of Hadley 's concerts featured at least one work by an American-born composer .
Frank Mill ( born 23 July 1958 in Essen ) was a German footballer and part of the 1990 FIFA World Cup winning squad of West Germany .
Pirelli has also been awarded the contract for the control tyre supply in the British Superbike Championship from 2008 until at least 2010 .
Machu Picchu ( , '' Old Peak '' ) is a pre-Columbian 15th-century Inca site located 2430 m above sea level .
Ingrid briefly reorganized itself on September 16 but that trend was short-lived , and it became very disorganized once again that afternoon .
This site is the former RAF Hethel base and the test track uses sections of the old runway .
It was ruled by the Abbasid dynasty of caliphs , who built their capital in Baghdad after overthrowing the Umayyad caliphs from all but Al Andalus .
Nine water rescues occurred along the I-44 corridor , mostly caused by Erin 's rainfall .
Terms of art such as '' primary custodial parent '' and '' primary residence '' have no legal meaning other than for determining tax status , and both parents are still said to be '' custodial parents '' .
The United Nations General Assembly designated Tokelau a Non-Self-Governing Territory . Until 1976 the official name was Tokelau Islands .
Once installed , the toolbar collects data on browsing behavior which is transmitted to the website where it is stored and analyzed and is the basis for the company 's web traffic reporting .
It is a neuroendocrine tumor , arising from any neural crest element of the sympathetic nervous system or SNS .
which first referred to the Roman Empire and later was extended to apply to the world in general .
Not until after the completion of Cigars of the Pharaoh was Hergé encouraged to research and plan his stories .
Alexander Murray Palmer Haley ( August 11 , 1921 -- February 10 , 1992 ) was an American writer .
Kickboxing is often practiced for self-defense , general fitness , or as a full-contact sport .
In the arcade games Pump it Up NX2 and Pump it Up NXA , a special produced flash drive is used as a '' save file '' for unlocked songs , as well as progressing in the WorldMax and Brain Shower sections of the game .
October 8 & ndash ; Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
The system is developed and marketed by Transrapid International , a joint venture of Siemens AG and ThyssenKrupp AG .
Although Butterworth was born in London , his family moved to Yorkshire not long after his birth .
Clack , Jennifer A. 2002 Gaining ground : the origin and evolution of tetrapods .
The PowerBook is a line of Macintosh laptop computers that was designed , manufactured and sold by Apple Computer , Inc. from 1991 to 2006 .
Their international trophy hall includes three World Club titles ( two as the Intercontinental Cup , and one as the FIFA Club World Championship ) , three Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , one Copa Conmebol , one Supercopa Sudamericana and one Copa Masters Conmebol .
