During the finale , the producers made it appear that the votes were being read at the site of the Final Tribal Council immediately after the votes were cast .
The Energy Marketing segment markets natural gas to industrial , commercial , public authority and residential end users .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids ( in three dimensions ) and the regular polygons ( in two dimensions ) .
Subsequent gameplay is built upon finding as much money as possible , but also mixed with traditional Zelda dungeon adventuring and puzzle elements .
Faith Hill ( born Audrey Faith Perry ; September 21 , 1967 ) is an American country singer .
Immunity Challenge : The Survivors will race through a series of obstacles in four stages .
By 2030 , the government envisages a rail network of 540 kilometres -- more extensive than London 's 408-kilometre Tube system .
The Territory of Oregon originally encompassed all of the present-day states of Idaho , Oregon and Washington , as well as those parts of present day Montana and Wyoming west of the Continental Divide .
The University of California , Santa Barbara , commonly known as UCSB or UC Santa Barbara , is a public research university and one of the 10 general campuses of the University of California system .
Haan died in 1874 of liver disease in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Vacognes-Neuilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Khan 's first notable leading role came in 1988 in the film Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak which was directed by his cousin and Nasir Hussain 's son Mansoor Khan .
Pierre was a professional dancer and dance teacher : he was primarily responsible for introducing the Latin American dances to England , and for codifying them , and laying the groundwork for their use in competitions and in social dance .
Adrastea was discovered by David C. Jewitt and G. Edward Danielson in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken on July 8 , 1979 , and received the designation ' .
Arizona Western College , Yuma
Information security is concerned with the confidentiality , integrity and availability of data regardless of the form the data may take : electronic , print , or other forms .
Web Gallery of Art Born in Mainz to a family of engravers and die-cutters , Stieler received some artistic training from his father , August Friedrich Stieler ( 1736 -- 1789 ) .
Time magazine , '' Superchurch , 1 December 1975 , retrieved 7 August 2008 In 1990 , the church had a weekly attendance of 20,000 .
Arnold Rosé was born in Ia i ( Jassy ) in what is now Romania .
After convincing his troops to accept the principles , which were promulgated on February 24 , 1821 , as the Plan of Iguala , Iturbide persuaded Guerrero to join his forces in support of the new conservative manifestation of the independence movement .
Westmorland ( ; formerly also spelt Westmoreland , an even older spelling is Westmerland or Westmereland ) is an area of North West England and one of the 39 historic counties of England .
Lindsay , 2007 , page not citedUnited Kingdom Census 1881 , parish of Fringford Among other post offices where Flora worked was that at Grayshott in Hampshire , and she later moved to Bournemouth .
Air containing carbon dioxide enters the plant through these openings where it is used in photosynthesis and respiration .
After Justin Roberts left SmackDown to become the new ring announcer for the Raw brand , Chimel left ECW and returned to SmackDown for his second stint as ring announcer .
Kuhn , Thomas (/O1962/O) : The Structure of Scientific Revolutions , University of Chicago Press , 3rd Ed/O. , 1996 .
Homo erectus ( from the Latin r g re , '' to put up , set upright '' ) is an extinct species of hominid that originated in Africa -- and spread as far as China and Java -- from the end of the Pliocene epoch to the later Pleistocene , about 1.8 to 1.3 million years ago .
Transform boundaries occur where plates slide or , perhaps more accurately , grind past each other along transform faults .
Perlman has been a soloist for a number of movie scores , notably the score of the 1993 film Schindler 's List by John Williams , which subsequently won an Academy Award for best score .
Brunembert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The track '' Get Over You '' is hidden and does not appear on the track listing ; it can be accessed by rewinding from the start of '' 5 Colours in Her Hair '' .
There were thirteen concerts in the 1911-1912 season , five of which were popular music .
Production Bryan Singer , the director of the first two X-Men films , left the project during preproduction in order to direct the film Superman Returns .
Baptists share orthodox Christian beliefs with most other moderate or conservative Christian denominations .
Nice can also refer to :
Little red Riding Hood felt Board Story from Felt Works Another collection of different versions of Little Red Riding Hood .
Baking soda is the source of the carbon dioxide , and the acid-base reaction can be generically represented as
A 3.2 million year-old , 40 % complete fossil skeleton of an Australopithecus afarensis specimen discovered in 1974 was named '' Lucy '' because The Beatles ' song was being played loudly and repeatedly on a tape recorder in the camp .
The sixth child of eight children in a poor family , she began playing piano at age three ; the first song she learned was '' God Be With You , Till We Meet Again '' .
It was established in 1851.Columbia-Lippincott Gazeteer .
Roughly , Elysian Valley borders Atwater Village on the north-west , Elysian Park on the southeast and south , Silver Lake on the southwest and Cypress Park on the north-east .
For this reason , neither has a direct connection to the Circle Line .
When it eventually does catch up , Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth ; this will alter Cruithne 's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres ( whilst Earth 's orbit is altered by about 1.3 c ) so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year .
The symbol of the goat in the downward-pointed pentagram was adopted as the official symbol -- called the Sigil of Baphomet -- of the Church of Satan , and continues to be used among Satanists .
The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team and members of the East Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The name Five Points derived from the five corners at this intersection , though over time , the intersection sometimes had four or six corners .
On the merger with Finsbury , to form the modern borough this name came to be applied to the whole borough . The Civil Aviation Authority has its head office in the CAA House in Islington , London Borough of Islington .
For our forebears , For our country Let us toil joyfully .
Further , he claimed that the injustice was done to different '' cursed breeds '' which spoiled those breeds even more and made them '' to be vengeful against their oppressors '' .
Rickman is known for his film performances as Hans Gruber in Die Hard , Severus Snape in the Harry Potter film series , Eamon de Valera in Michael Collins , and Metatron in Dogma .
It is typically lighter than the related American Bison ( Bison bison ) , and has shorter hair on the neck , head and forequarters , but longer tail and horns .
The song '' Hello '' from Fallen has been reported to have been written for her late sister , as well as the song '' Like You '' from The Open Door .
Montviette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Osteochondritis dissecans , a medical disease affecting the joints of both humans and animals
He is the son of Canadian actors Donald Sutherland and Shirley Douglas .
The first sociology department to be established in the United Kingdom was at the London School of Economics and Political Science ( home of the British Journal of Sociology ) in 1904 .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The Douro valley where Port wine is produced was defined and established as a protected region , or appellation in 1756 -- making it the third oldest defined and protected wine region in the world after Chianti ( 1716 ) and Tokaj ( 1730 ) .
The island 's capital and largest city is Port Louis , in the northwest .
Saint-Arnoult is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1555 he returned to the Low Countries and had his early works published in Antwerp ( 1555-1556 ) .
An added twist this season is that they are required to break spontaneously into song , or else be immediately eliminated .
Leesburg is a historic town in , and county seat of , Loudoun County , Virginia , United States of America .
Bruises often induce pain , but small bruises are not normally dangerous alone .
Show premise The series follows the lives of five gay men living in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania : Brian , Justin , Michael , Emmett , Ted ; a lesbian couple , Lindsay and Melanie ; and Michael 's mother Debbie .
At its largest , Tip was nearly half as large as the continental United States .
Tatinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The film has been criticized as being racist ( the leader crow in the film is named '' Jim Crow '' ) , yet is also considered to be one of Disney 's finest films .
The Mary River at Maryborough was expected to initially peak at 8.5 m at midday 9 January with some houses and businesses inundated .
Napoleon then suggested that Louis should abdicate , citing Louis 's inability to protect Holland as a reason .
It is frequently caused by Candida albicans , or less commonly by Candida glabrata or Candida tropicalis .
Behaviorism comprises the position that all theories should have observational correlates but that there are no philosophical differences between publicly observable processes ( such as actions ) and privately observable processes ( such as thinking and feeling ) .
According to Aristotle , this art of persuasion could be used in public settings in three different ways .
Linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers ; the other being differential cryptanalysis .
When describing the post-match party , Botvinnik wrote that at the time he danced the foxtrot and Charleston to a professional standard .
Early on August 17 , Claudette made landfall at the east end of Santa Rosa Island , Florida , with 50 mph winds .
Cancers do occur in the thyroid gland and , in general , are more common in females .
Several hundred Hewlett-Packard xw8600 workstations were used , along with a large and powerful ` render farm ' of HP ProLiant blade servers with over 9,000 server processor cores , to process the animation sequence .
Although almost every therocephalian lineage ended during the great Permian- Triassic extinction event , a few representatives of the subgroup called Eutherocephalia survived into the Early Triassic .
Chiron cures him and Percy leaves to attend another school found by his mother .
It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 with little success , nevertheless acquiring a loyal following of fans .
While the team at bat is trying to score runs , the team in the field is attempting to record outs .
Around 1305 Giotto executed his most influential work , the painted decoration of the interior of the Scrovegni Chapel in Padua .
Enrico Chiesa ( born December 29 , 1970 in Genoa ) is an Italian football coach and former striker .
The English name for the planet comes from the Romans , who named it after the Roman god Mercury , which they equated with the Greek Hermes .
The contents of Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats , along with the name of the featured cat when appropriate , are :
He was successor to Sekhemkhet , and he was probably a son of Sekhemkhet .
If a gynoecium has multiple carpels fused into a single structure , it is syncarpous .
The Comoros ( ; , ' ) , officially the Union of the Comoros ( Comorian : Udzima wa Komori , , ' ) is an archipelago island nation in the Indian Ocean , located off the eastern coast of Africa , on the northern end of the Mozambique Channel , between northeastern Mozambique and northwestern Madagascar . Other countries near to the Comoros are Tanzania to the northwest and the Seychelles to the northeast .
Composed of 4,192 soldiers , the force returned to Canada between April and June 1919 .
Willi Koslowski ( born 17 February 1937 ) is a former German football player .
John Dowland ( 1563 -- buried 20 February 1626 ) was an English Renaissance composer , singer , and lutenist .
The DudeJungle Jim
The Dauphiné Libéré was used as preparation for the Tour de France by Lance Armstrong .
Luttrell , Tennessee , U.S.
He is currently the tallest player in the NBA , at .
Hooke was in demand to settle many of these disputes , due to his competence as a surveyor and his tact as an arbitrator .
Marie of Boulogne ( 1136 & ndash ; 1182 in St Austrebert , Montreuil , France ) was the Countess of Boulogne from 1159 to 1170 .
He became involved in the pub rock scene and drug culture , and recorded two albums with Paul Kelly and the Dots . Kelly moved to Sydney by 1985 where he formed Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls , which was renamed Paul Kelly and the Messengers , initially for international releases only , to avoid possible racist interpretations .
The cathedral was originally the church of St Frideswide 's Priory .
In physics :
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .
The shape of adenine is complementary to either thymine in DNA or uracil in RNA .
Rice brew typically has a higher alcohol content ( 18-25 % ) than wine ( 10-20 % ) , which in turn has a higher alcohol content than beer ( 3-8 % ) .
Al-Azhar University ( pronounced '' AZ-har '' , ; , '' the Noble Azhar '' ) in Egypt , founded in 975 , is the chief centre of Arabic literature and Sunni Islamic learning in the world and the world 's second oldest surviving degree granting university .
All trains on the Kwun Tong Line , Tsuen Wan Line , Island Line , Tung Chung Line , Airport Express and Tseung Kwan O Line consist of eight cars .
To understand this is to comprehend Immortality- the Apotheosis of the Human Race .
From this base they established a number of famous hotels , including the Grand Hotel in Rome , and numerous Ritz Hotels around the world .
The Faerie Queene is an incomplete English epic poem by Edmund Spenser .
It is the largest city in the district .
On January 1 , 2006 , Lint had a total population of 7,977 .
The Best of Me is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Bryan Adams .
The club was founded in 1877 and started with three dozen players ; membership later reached into the hundreds before the club ended its existence in 2002 .
Shortly thereafter , a superior technique was discovered : two wooden halves were carved , a graphite stick inserted , and the two halves then glued together -- essentially the same method in use to this day .
Roy Richard Scheider ( November 10 , 1932 - February 10 , 2008 ) was an American actor .
The operations of vector addition and scalar multiplication have to satisfy certain requirements , called axioms , listed below . An example of a vector space is that of Euclidean vectors which are often used to represent physical quantities such as forces : any two forces ( of the same type ) can be added to yield a third , and the multiplication of a force vector by a real factor is another force vector .
They have been appealing for contributions to fulfill all the feature targets , since the core database engine itself is an independent project with no external funding .
It began a westward drift and dissipated over central Alabama on July 7 .
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi ( also written Mu'ezzi ) was an 11th century and 12th century poet of Persia .
On February 24 , 1982 , Edwards was a part of history as he gave up Wayne Gretzky 's 77th goal of the 1981 -- 82 NHL season in a game vs. the Edmonton Oilers at Buffalo Memorial Auditorium .
Laval is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In early 2010 , Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress , and won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress .
The President is elected every five years on May 23 by the Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) , a special body convened only for this purpose , comprising the entire Bundestag and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state diets .
One estimate is that 12 million civilians died in Nazi concentration camps , 1.5 million by bombs , 7 million in Europe from other causes , and 7.5 million in China from other causes .
Drummers Duris Maxwell , Dave Wilson , Kat Hendrikse and Michael Derosier were among those who played on the sessions for the album .
Players can also play online against other players courtesy of the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection , with Wii Chess players being able to compete against players of World Chess and vice-versa .
Just a few months later in September 2005 , the project moved to the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 license .
May 1 is May Day in the United Kingdom , however the public holiday is held on the first Monday in May .
The transfer is disputed by India which claims the Tract as part of Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir state .
In 1993 , the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs suggested the name Czechia as an official alternative in all situations other than formal official documents and the full names of government institutions ; however , this has not become widespread in English , even though most other languages have single-word names for the country ( usually their own variants of '' Czechia '' ) .
STFU may stand for : Shut The Fuck Up , a vulgar form of Shut up -- see Internet slang .
Geography The river rises from its source in Lake Capimitchigama in the Laurentian Mountains of central Quebec , flows west to Lake Timiskaming , where it begins defining the interprovincial border with Ontario .
She has never married and has no children .
Millionaires is a Electro-pop group consisting of two girls from Orange County , California .
In addition to lace making and weaving , the inhabitants went into wood carving , producing toys and religious figures .
In 1954 Cherkasy became the administrative center of Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) , the youngest oblast of Ukraine .
Zeami Motokiyo ( ; c. 1363 & ndash ; c. 1443 ) , also called Kanze Motokiyo ( ) , was a Japanese aesthetician , actor and playwright .
altitudine maxima 1849 m , altitudine minima 89 population_as_of = 2002
There were around 55,000 people missing and many other deaths were found in other towns and areas , although the Burmese government 's official death toll may have been underreported , and there have been allegations that they stopped updating the death-toll after 138,000 to minimize political fallout .
During recurvature , Typhoon Tip passed about 65 km ( 40 mi ) east of Okinawa .
The reason for this is that their outmost electron shells ( valence shells ) are completely filled , so that they have little tendency to acquire or lose electrons .
In the time of the Byzantine Empire , the lake 's significance in Jesus ' life made it a major destination for Christian pilgrims .
Artikel 2 Article 2 Laws enacted by the government of the Reich may deviate from the constitution as long as they do not affect the institutions of the Reichstag and the Reichsrat .
In August 2 1963 , by decree 11.608 , was created the Men 's High School of Santa Cruz , after a proposal by the Rotary Club of the city and the Governor of the Department of Santa Cruz , Carlos Cardoen .
These antigens may be proteins , carbohydrates , glycoproteins , or glycolipids , depending on the blood group system .
Preignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1987 , the Dodge Grand Caravan long-wheelbase ( LWB ) model was introduced and sold alongside the short-wheelbase ( SWB ) Caravan .
However , Colsefini became unhappy with his new role and left the band a month later .
James '' Jim '' Fullington ( born June 16 , 1963 ) better known by his ring name Sandman , is an American professional wrestler , best known for his career with Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , where he developed into a '' Hardcore Icon '' .
In 2002 , the city had five constituencies : Gaborone North , Gaborone Central , Gaborone South , Gaborone West North , and Gabororone West South .
On 7 January 1983 , President Carstens nonetheless dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections .
Hitchcock , H. Wiley , and Perlis , Vivian , editors .
Modernism , in its broadest definition , is modern thought , character , or practice .
English Gothic is the name of the architectural style that flourished in England from about 1180 until about 1520 .
His organization says that over five million students have taken refuge as disciples under Lu .
Schinznach-Bad is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
BMI is used by the World Health Organisation and by doctors and other health professionals today even though it is more than 150 years old .
Some of the peaks within the range achieve heights of 3000 m . A number of craters lie embedded within this range .
The game port was the traditional connector for video game input devices on x86-based PCs .
A few even stopped accepting American Express credit and charge cards .
Draycot was sent to be a prisoner .
Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal 's '' State of the Art '' and other work with Dead by Sunrise , while Shinoda did work with Depeche Mode .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
The fourth release from the album was '' Merrymaking at My Place '' which reached number 43 in the UK chart .
Pulitzer , though lacking Hearst 's resources , kept the story on his front page .
Freud hoped to prove that his model was universally valid and thus turned to ancient mythology and contemporary ethnography for comparative material .
In some cases , Tourette 's is sporadic , that is , it is not inherited from parents .
German National Time Trial Champion (/O1995/O)
The ducks are divided between several subfamilies in the Anatidae family ; they do not represent a monophyletic group but a form taxon , since swans and geese are not considered ducks . Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
Psi ( Cyrillic ) ( , ) , a letter of the early Cyrillic alphabet , adopted from Greek
South African winger Siphiwe Tshabalala was the first player to score a goal in the competition , in their 1 - 1 draw against Mexico , the opening game of the tournament .
Another attraction in this area is the recently constructed Cineplex cinema for the people who reside in DHA and Clifton .
The hind wing is yellow-orange in males and white in females .
The 1996 event was marred by tragedy when during practice , pace car driver Elmo Langley died of a heart attack in the Chevrolet Corvette Pace Car at the esses during an evaluation run .
March 27 & ndash ; Pope Gregory XI
The estuarine marsh , or tidal marsh , is often based on soils consisting of sandy bottoms or bay muds .
Spanisches Liederbuch ( 1891 ) Italienisches Liederbuch ( 1892 , 1896 ) Michelangelo Lieder ( 1897 ) , to texts by Michelangelo .
The wife of the Duke of York is known as the Duchess of York .
Japan was far from being completely isolated under the sakoku policy .
Air Force One is the air traffic control call sign of any United States Air Force aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
These categories are , however , not mutually exclusive .
The Walker Fire burned near Walker Ave in the dairies of Ontario .
In 2007 the tournament was hosted by the West Indies ; the Cricket World Cup became the first such tournament to be hosted on all six populated continents - Europe ( 1975 , 1979 , 1983 , 1999 ) ; Asia ( 1987 , 1996 ) ; Australasia ( 1992 ) ; Africa ( 2003 ) ; North and South America ( 2007 ) .
She played a Swedish exchange student named Skylar Nilsson .
Amateur radio ( ham radio ) is the licensed and private use of designated radio bands , for purposes of private recreation , non-commercial exchange of messages , experimentation , self-training , and emergency communication . Amateur radio , like other regulated radio services , operates under rules that limit the maximum power and the technical and operational characteristics of transmissions .
The London Borough of Lewisham is a London borough in south-east London , England and forms part of Inner London . The principal settlement of the borough is Lewisham .
King Toffa 's palace ( also known as the Musée Honmé and the Royal Palace ) , now a museum , shows what life was like for African royalty .
It is located at an altitude of Location of Mingora - Falling Rain Genomics and lies on the banks of River Swat about from Saidu Sharif , the present capital of Swat .
The stadium is the home field for Slovan and Slovakia national football team .
His play Remember Ronald Ryan won him the 1995 Victorian Premier 's Literary Award .
There are four loops , at Starr Gate , opposite the Pleasure Beach , Little Bispham and Fleetwood , and links to Rigby Road Depot .
is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Tokushima Vortis .
Today , Basque Pelota is widely played in several countries : in Spain and France , especially in the Basque Country and its neighbour areas .
As of December 31 , 2009 , all versions of the Game Boy Advance combined have sold 81.50 million units .
She became widely known for her role as Buffy Summers on the WB\/UPN television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , for which she won six Teen Choice Awards and the Saturn Award for Best Genre TV Actress and received a Golden Globe Award nomination .
If a universe U in which the elements of A must live is specified , the definition can be simplified to just a multiplicity function m ` U : U N from U to the set N = { 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , ... } of natural numbers , obtained by extending m to U with values 0 outside A/O. This extended multiplicity function is the multiplicity function called 1A below .
Caviar is a name for processed , salted roe consumed as a delicacy . The name '' Caviar '' is strictly referenced to non-fertilized sturgeon roe .
The ideas associated with it are exemplified by three philosophers from the Ionian town of Miletus , on the Aegean coast of Anatolia : Thales , Anaximander , and Anaximenes .
The plaques show the nude figures of a human male and female along with several symbols that are designed to provide information about the origin of the spacecraft .
Its members are commonly known as the Sac fungi .
Retrieved 2010-09-09 .
Freenet aims to provide freedom of speech through a peer-to-peer network with strong protection of anonymity ; as part of supporting its users ' freedom , Freenet is free software .
It can prepare the driver for high-speed wheel-to-wheel racing by helping develop quick reflexes , precision car control , and decision-making skills .
In his paper of 2006 , he stated that he understands the term '' Kundalini '' to mean '' the coiled one '' , and he refers to research into the near-death experience in connection with kundalini , and also refers to the Physio-Kundalini Scale , the 19-item scale devised by Bruce Greyson to assess kundalini experience .
The river rises in the central highland of New South Wales , part of the Great Dividing Range , 13 km east of Gunning .
The Lakota , for instance , give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to person who achieves a task .
Canada
'' Hammer to Fall '' is May 's other rock song in the album .
The elder Pretorius had become a national hero of the Voortrekkers after his victory over the Zulus in the Battle of Blood River . Andries Pretorius also negotiated the Sand River Convention ( 1852 ) , in which Britain acknowledged the independence of the Transvaal .
He is a former head coach of the New York Jets , New England Patriots and the University of Southern California Trojans football team .
The deformation associated with this plate boundary is partitioned into nearly pure thrust sense movements perpendicular to the boundary over a wide zone to the southwest and nearly pure strike-slip motion along the Main Recent Fault close to the actual plate boundary itself .
Alexander Graham Bell patented his first electric loudspeaker ( capable of reproducing intelligible speech ) as part of his telephone in 1876 , which was followed in 1877 by an improved version from Ernst Siemens .
Also in 2008 Pepsi teamed up with Google\/YouTube to produce the first daily entertainment show on Youtube , Poptub .
In addition to classic episodes of Nickelodeon favorites such as Blue 's Clues and Dora the Explorer , and original shows such as Oobi and Jack 's Big Music Show , many preschool-oriented shows originating from non-U.S. , English-speaking countries that would otherwise not likely be seen on American TV are shown .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tochigi S.C. .
Rammstein ( ) is a German rock band from Berlin , formed in 1994 .
Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
Control over the SSH encryption key and protocol version .
Young is also acknowledged as the first Local Government Area to institute a rural school bus system in New South Wales
Kaltag was a Koyokon Athabascan area used as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
Dorothy Stuart Hamill ( born July 26 , 1956 ) is an American figure skater . She is the 1976 Olympic champion in Ladies ' Singles and 1976 World Champion .
The term '' thoroughbred '' is first used in the United States in an advertisement in a Kentucky gazette to describe a New Jersey stallion called Pilgarlick .
In four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell , is a regular convex 4-polytope .
It consisted of three separate battles in the Chinese provinces of Henan , Hunan and Guangxi .
column div.columns-4 div .
Instinct is the inherent inclination of a living organism toward a particular behavior .
A brace or bracket is a line connecting two or more staves , found to the left of the staves .
Although it is commonly believed that the genus was named by Georges Cuvier in 1825 , Cuvier spelled it Loxodonte .
Analytical balance , a weighing scale
David Arthur Fanshawe ( 19 April 1942 , Devon -- 5 July 2010 ) was an English composer , ethnomusicologist and self-styled explorer .
Chase 's character is the child bride of a prophet , Roman Grant , played by Harry Dean Stanton .
In photography and cinematography , a telephoto lens is a specific type of a long-focus lens in which the physical length of the lens is shorter than the focal length .
Shawnee Park was proposed in 1890 to be one of the three flagship parks in Louisville 's new park system .
The X-ray engine uses GSC Game World 's proprietary ALife artificial intelligence engine .
Alfred Harmsworth sold the newspaper to his brother Harold Harmsworth ( from 1914 Lord Rothermere ) in 1913 .
in Portland , OR
Kellner welcomed the birth of German democracy after the war .
It is located in Black Township .
Srednicki ( 2007 ) , pages 28-29 This '' antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle -- no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time .
The phrase was first used by Charles Krauthammer in June 2001 to describe the Bush Administration 's unilateral withdrawals from the ABM treaty and the Kyoto Protocol .
The Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein continued after his death , however , going on to help establish the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) in 1875 .
Messing appeared as Jerry Seinfeld 's date in two episodes of the series Seinfeld : '' The Wait Out '' in 1996 and '' The Yada Yada '' in 1997 .
On May 29 , 2007 , Lilo and Stitch moved from its daily 12 p.m. time slot to its new daily time slot at 5 and 5:30 a.m.
Saint-Mathurin is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Early symptoms may include fever , headache , fatigue , depression , and a characteristic circular skin rash called erythema migrans .
The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) ( ' ) ( formerly , The Stock Exchange , Bombay ) is a stock exchange located on Dalal Street , Mumbai and is the oldest stock exchange in Asia .
Duff 's mother , Susan Colleen ( née Cobb ) is a homemaker and film producer ( co-executive producer of A Cinderella Story (/O2004/O) and producer of The Perfect Man (/O2005/O) and Material Girls (/O2006/O) , as well as the manager of her sister Hilary ) .
The Province of Florence ( ) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
He was considered to be a shy and reserved boy , which became noticeable in his particularly reticent conversations distinguished by the lack of personal pronouns .
The Port of Manchester in north west England was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894 , four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
Defibrillation consists of delivering a therapeutic dose of electrical energy to the affected heart with a device called a defibrillator . This depolarizes a critical mass of the heart muscle , terminates the arrhythmia , and allows normal sinus rhythm to be reestablished by the body 's natural pacemaker , in the sinoatrial node of the heart .
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
Versions prior to 2009 also installed a separate LiveUpdate program , which updates Norton-branded software .
Epitaph Records is a Hollywood , California based record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz .
In 1867 a Catholic school was established .
According to the 2007 census estimate , the city population was 233,152 .
The instrument was especially popular in the late 17th century , although a specialised viola d'amore player would have been highly unusual , since it was customary for professional musicians to play a number of instruments , especially within the family of the musician 's main instrument .
In October of that year , she toured Canada , and visited President of the United States Harry S. Truman in Washington , D.C. ; on the trip , her private secretary , Martin Charteris , carried a draft accession declaration for use if the King died while she was on tour .
Since forming , they have released one EP and two full-length studio albums , the most recent being This War Is Ours on October 21 , 2008 .
The band 's album Rocket Ride features even less symphonic and power metal elements , and is arguably more oriented towards hard rock .
Because of this numerous books have been written about the details of French pronunciation specifically for mélodie singers , often featuring IPA transcriptions of songs with further notations for French-specific features like liaison and elision .
Small stars ( called red dwarfs ) consume their fuel very slowly and last tens to hundreds of billions of years .
By convention , astronomers grouped stars into constellations and used them to track the motions of the planets and the inferred position of the Sun .
Goodbye Lullaby , Lavigne 's fourth album , is expected to be much more personal than her earlier records , with Lavigne describing the album as '' more stripped down , deeper . All the songs are very emotional '' .
In 1993 , the PLO secretly negotiated the Oslo Accords with Israel .
She best known for being the presenter of the TV shows Blue Peter , Most Haunted and Ghosthunting with ...
The flag of Libya ( ) ( adopted on November 11 , 1977 ) consists of a simple green field with no other characteristics .
Originally a synthpop outfit , Ministry changed its style to industrial metal in the late 1980s .
Naming Shortly after its discovery , Neptune was referred to simply as '' the planet exterior to Uranus '' or as '' Le Verrier 's planet '' .
Tropical rainforests have been called the '' jewels of the Earth '' , and the '' world 's largest pharmacy '' , because over one quarter of natural medicines have been discovered there .
The Georgian government responded by abolishing South Ossetia 's autonomy and trying to retake the region by force .
In addition a few species of land crabs are eaten , for example Cardisoma guanhumi in the Caribbean .
In flight dynamics , the principal rotations are known as pitch , roll and yaw ( known as Tait-Bryan angles ) .
She released her platinum selling debut album The Way It Is in June 2005 , and her sophomore platinum album Just Like You in September 2007 .
Jared Drake Bell ( born June 27 , 1986 ) , better known as Drake Bell , is an American actor , comedian , guitarist , singer\/songwriter , producer , and occasional television director .
Phosphoric acid , also known as orthophosphoric acid or phosphoric ( V ) acid , is a mineral ( inorganic ) acid having the chemical formula H3PO4 .
Upon his death , Khan was given the honorific title of '' Shaheed-e-Millat '' , or '' Martyr of the Nation '' .
RCM Since its founding in 1882 by the Prince of Wales , later Edward VII , the College has been linked with the Royal family .
In 1905 , during the Globe Congress , the two groups merged in the French Section of the Workers International ( SFIO ) .
June 24 - Cristobal de Onate founds San Juan Bautista del Teul .
Keisuke Tsuboi is a Japanese football player .
Like the Pacific Division , the Northwest Division is also a descendant of the former Smythe Division , as three of its Canadian teams played in that division from 1981 -- 1993 .
Louis VII ( called the Younger or the Young ) ( 1120 - 18 September 1180 ) was King of France , the son and successor of Louis VI ( hence his nickname ) .
One of the key decisions Robson made during his brief tenure at Barcelona was the $ 19.5 million signing of Ronaldo , who was influential in a season when Barcelona won the Spanish Cup , Spanish Super Cup and European Cup Winners ' Cup .
It may also be referred to as basketflower , though the term properly refers to the Plectocephalus group of Centaurea , which is probably a distinct genus .
Its boundaries were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
While use of flash drives is common , the drive must be Linux compatible .
Sea transport is crucial and a variety of ferry services operate between the islands and to mainland Britain .
Ashland Coal , Inc. was formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil . The privately held Arch Mineral Corporation merged with Ashland Coal , Inc. in July 1997 , creating the present-day company .
He has played for Japan national team .
It was in this subterranean bunker that Adolf Hitler and his wife Eva Braun spent the last few weeks of the war and it was here their lives came to an end on April 30 , 1945 .
The Crinkle-collared Manucode , Manucodia chalybatus is a medium-sized , up to 36cm long , greenish blue , black and purple glossed bird of paradise with long graduated tail , red iris and iridescent green breast feathers .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
However , on June 20 , 2008 , the Ottawa Senators waived Emery , and then bought out his contract after a string of off-ice incidents caused the organization to sour on him .
(/O1979/O) .
The word cowry is also often used to refer to the shells of these snails .
In effect , the constitution converted Park 's presidency into a legal dictatorship .
Blocks of 64 bits have been commonly used . The Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) algorithm approved by NIST in December 2001 uses 128-bit blocks .
In the early 21st century , their use is declining and has been banned in some countries , states and medical institutions .
In Cologne and Heidelberg she studied history , the history of art and Chinese .
They were the production versions of the Class 44 locomotives .
Huda bin Abdul Haq ( also known as Ali Ghufron , Muklas or Mukhlas ) ( February 1960 -- 9 November 2008 ) was an Indonesian who was convicted and executed for his role in the 2002 Bali bombings .
Deutscher Tabakgegner ( German Tobacco Opponents ) was published in Dresden from 1919 to 1935 , and was the second journal on this subject .
Riedern is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Delft is primarily known for its typically Dutch town center ( with canals ) ; also for the painter Vermeer , Delft Blue pottery ( Delftware ) , the Delft University of Technology , and its association with the Dutch royal family , the House of Orange-Nassau .
He was named to his first Pro Bowl in 2007 .
It is well documented in historical religions of Classical Antiquity , especially Greek polytheism and Roman polytheism , and after the decline of classical polytheism in tribal religions such as Germanic polytheism or Slavic polytheism .
For example , one comparative study found that English uses diminutives infrequently in comparison with the Czech language . Nevertheless , most dialects of English feature a fair lot of sidling and sibling diminutives .
Barbourmeade is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Servais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Cultural impact Positive impact The final episode of the 2005 season was one of the most popular shows in Chinese broadcast history , drawing over 400 million viewers , more than the China Central Television New Year 's Gala earlier that year .
Numerous high-tech and telecommunications companies have also recently relocated to the area .
'' RC4 Page '' lists some of the biases It is especially vulnerable when the beginning of the output keystream is not discarded , or nonrandom or related keys are used ; some ways of using RC4 can lead to very insecure cryptosystems such as WEP .
The decisions to link sections of the song with orchestral crescendos and to end the song with a sustained piano chord were made only after the rest of the song had been recorded .
Sir Hugh Stephen Orde , OBE , is the second Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) .
Flers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2002 , she launched her solo music career with the release of the commercially successful and critically acclaimed album Come Away With Me , which was certified a diamond album in 2005 , selling over 20 million copies .
Sometimes an attempt to cover up a possible scandal ignites a greater scandal when the cover-up fails .
The theory of relativity encompasses Einstein 's theories of special and general relativity .
There have been many controversies in the study of the origin of birds .
Ittre ( Dutch : Itter ) is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Thinking that Susanna is meeting the Count behind his back , Figaro complains to his mother , and swears to be avenged on the Count and Susanna , and on all unfaithful wives .
Beamish , The North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish , near the town of Stanley , County Durham , England .
The plume drifted over large parts of the western Soviet Union , and much of Europe .
With the advent of modern times , commercial activity shifted from the major trade routes of the Old World to newer routes between modern nation states .
The Merkland is Aberdeen FC 's family stand , with reduced prices for under twelves and families .
'' Fuckin ' in the Bushes '' is the first track on English rock band Oasis ' fourth studio album , Standing on the Shoulder of Giants .
Buckingham House The house which forms the architectural core of the present palace was built for the first Duke of Buckingham and Normanby in 1703 to the design of William Winde .
Chamadelle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is the world title of the Raw brand and one of two in WWE , complementing the World Heavyweight Championship of the SmackDown brand .
The Champa civilization was located in what is today central Vietnam , and was a highly indianized Hindu Kingdom .
Franklin County is home to the two-year Methodist-affiliated Louisburg College and to a satellite campus of Vance-Granville Community College .
He was the oldest pope ( reigning until the age of 93 ) , and had the third longest pontificate , behind his immediate predecessor Pius IX and John Paul II .
JPG | Original Star Trek production model of the USS Enterprise .
Places of interest Places of interest include the Royal Ceremonial Hall or Lapau , Royal Regalia Building , the Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddien Mosque , the Malay Technology Museum , and the Brunei History Center .
The state capital was Baltit ( also known as Karimabad ) .
The is Japanese for backsword and often refers to the uchigatana after the Muromachi period , which is a type of , also commonly referred to as a '' samurai sword '' , and generally defined as the standard size moderately curved ( as opposed to the older '' tachi '' style featuring more curvature ) Japanese sword with a blade length of greater than 60 cm ( 23.6 inches ) .
The state government is headed by the Chief Minister or Menteri Besar .
Two Dutch provinces never entered into the personal union : Friesland and Groningen , as they had different stadtholders from the other provinces .
Cures is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Originally based at Exhibition Stadium , the team began playing its home games at the SkyDome , upon completion of its construction in 1989 . Since 2000 , the Blue Jays have been owned by Rogers Communications , and in 2004 , the SkyDome was purchased by that company , which renamed the venue to Rogers Centre .
b/O. The Faeroes , Greenland and Iceland were formally Norwegian possessions until 1814 despite 400 years of Danish monarchy beforehand .
Most turned to stealing supplies from remote settlements and travellers and fencing the stolen goods to other free settlers .
: ( The fmtspec can be bgcolor = beige or style = '' font-size :91 % '' etc. ) This is done sometimes because it can be easier to re-arrange or preview rows that are coded as separate lines of text .
Indiana is aided by his former lover Marion Ravenwood ( Karen Allen ) and their son Mutt Williams ( Shia LaBeouf ) .
Karl Keil ( 1838 & ndash ; 89 )
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
The guitar position was filled by Chris Eldridge famous as a member of the Infamous Stringdusters .
Tychy , Poland since 1992
Historically , the title comes from the Latin comes stabuli ( count of the stables ) and originated from the Eastern Roman Empire ; originally , the constable was the officer responsible for keeping the horses of a lord or monarch .
Zoo attendance figures for the year had increased by an estimated 30 percent , making it the most profitable year in its 163-year history .
The season was unusual in that no hurricanes made landfall in the United States , the first such occurrence since 2001 .
Cinderella III : A Twist in Time is the second direct-to-video sequel to the 1950 Walt Disney Pictures animated classic Cinderella .
Climate commitment studies attempt to assess the amount of future warming that is '' committed '' under the assumption of some constant level of forcings .
Many classic postage stamps were engraved , although the practice is now mostly confined to particular countries , or used when a more '' elegant '' design is desired and a limited color range is acceptable .
Suddenly , it collapses and dies , but not from starvation .
Aristau is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Magma develops or collects in areas called magma chambers .
When he gets three blocks , he will be rewarded .
Middle Chinese , also called Ancient Chinese by the linguist Bernhard Karlgren , refers to the Chinese language spoken during Southern and Northern Dynasties and the Sui , Tang , and Song dynasties .
Wonder Woman is a DC Comics superheroine created by William Moulton Marston .
The history of organic chemistry continued with the discovery of petroleum and its separation into fractions according to boiling ranges .
Candice Michelle Beckman-Ehrlich ( born September 30 , 1978 ) better known as Candice Michelle or just Candice , is an American model , actress , and professional wrestler best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment .
The film was broken into four separate episodes which served as the first part of Futuramas fifth season , followed by The Beast with a Billion Backs , Bender 's Game and Into the Wild Green Yonder .
Naming and Inspirations Al-Shams is an Arabic word meaning ` The Sun ' .
Piper attended Wheaton College ( 1964 - 68 ) , where he majored in literature and minored in philosophy .
He also plays for the Irish national team .
The 2009 - 10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music that purports to reflect the violent lifestyles of inner-city youths .
No official celebrations were therefore held until 1917 the golden anniversary of Confederation and then none again for a further decade .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
Estrée-Blanche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The structures of photophores , the light producing organs in bioluminescent organisms , are being investigated by industrial designers .
Tarantulas comprise a group of hairy and often very large spiders belonging mainly to the family Theraphosidae , of which approximately 900 species have been identified .
Post-it notes were invented by 3M 's Art Fry , using an adhesive developed by a colleague , Spencer Silver .
Barbara Hershey ( born Barbara Lynn Herzstein ; February 5 , 1948 ) , also known as Barbara Seagull , is an American actress .
In practice , the veto can be absolute , as for instance in the United Nations Security Council , whose permanent members ( China , the United Kingdom , France , Russia , and the United States of America ) can block any resolution .
Some slide rules ( '' duplex '' models ) have scales on both sides of the rule and slide strip , others on one side of the outer strips and both sides of the slide strip ( which can usually be pulled out , flipped over and reinserted for convenience ) , still others on one side only ( '' simplex '' rules ) .
In chemistry , an ionic compound is a chemical compound in which ions are held together in a lattice structure by ionic bonds .
Backing away Taylor falls backwards , and into another room , occupied by percussionist Shawn Crahan .
Sutrieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on August 23 Debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km/h ) over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean .
A girl ( Sorcha ) must sew six shirts from a painful nettle plant in order to save her brothers from a witch 's enchantment , remaining completely mute until the task is finished .
The province as of June 20 , 2006 is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distritos municipales - D.M. ) within the latter :
The Skeptical Inquirer is a bimonthly , American magazine published by the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry ( CSI ) with the subtitle : The magazine for science and reason .
Gaius Cassius Longinus ( before 85 BC - October 42 BC ) was a Roman senator , a leading instigator of the plot to kill Julius Caesar , and the brother in-law of Marcus Junius Brutus .
The index takes its name from the Big Mac , a hamburger sold at McDonald 's restaurants .
The Smashing Pumpkins are an American alternative rock band that formed in Chicago , Illinois in 1988 .
It took place on April 1 , 2001 at the Reliant Astrodome in Houston , Texas .
RC5 also consists of a number of modular additions and eXclusive OR ( XOR ) s/O. The general structure of the algorithm is a Feistel-like network .
The flask is named after the German chemist Emil Erlenmeyer , who created it in 1861 .
Francesco Morini ( born 12 August 1944 ) is a retired Italian football player .
Common forms of soy ( or soya ) include soy meal , soy flour , soy milk , tofu , textured vegetable protein ( TVP , which is made into a wide variety of vegetarian foods , some of them intended to imitate meat ) , tempeh , soy lecithin and soybean oil .
The historic county boundaries are with Cumberland to the north , County Durham and Yorkshire to the east , and Lancashire to the south and west .
Viviers became the capital of the Gaulish Helvii tribe following the decline of nearby Alba-la-Romaine .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Evrytania .
Examples of intangible assets are goodwill , copyrights , trademarks , patents and computer programs , and financial assets , including such items as accounts receivable , bonds and stocks .
David Andrew Seaman MBE ( born 19 September 1963 in Rotherham , South Yorkshire ) is a former English football goalkeeper who played for several clubs , most notably Arsenal .
Biography Ertl was born in Stuttgart , Germany where he would later study physics from 1955 to 1957 at the Technical University of Stuttgart and then at the University of Paris ( 1957-1958 ) and Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich ( 1958-1959 ) .
Ray directed thirty-seven films , including feature films , documentaries and shorts .
Hart , who worked with Gambon on the film , Sylvia in 2003 , in late 2006 moved into a # 500,000 terraced home in Chiswick , West London .
Nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a centre for publishing and many luxury trades .
Naomi Wolf , American writer
The Institute of Book and Reading was established and Kozani is now known as City of Books .
The Ediacaran Period overlaps , but is shorter than the Vendian Period , a name that was earlier , in 1952 , proposed by Russian geologist\/paleontologist Boris Sokolov .
The status of capital of the Autonomous Community city is shared by the cities of Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Real Decreto de 30 de noviembre de 1833 en wikisourceReal Decreto de 30 de noviembre de 1833 en el sitio web oficial del Gobierno de Canarias which in turn are the capitals of the provinces of Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas .
Guru Nanak Guru Nanak may be referred to by many other names and titles such as Baba Nanak or Nanak Shah .
Other members over the years include Roger Corbett , Fred Kuhnl , drummer Gregory Martin , Steve Groves , Pete Farndon , Dave Mattacks , Michael Harris , Louis McManus , Eddy van Roosendael , Freddie Strauks ( ex Skyhooks ) and world renowned Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
The storm damaged tobacco especially bad .
From its launch in 1999 , SmackDown broadcast on Thursday nights , but as of September 9 , 2005 , the show moved to Friday nights .
-- )
Currently , the promotion serves as the official developmental territory for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Additionally , the regional train and coach network is colour-coded Purple .
Career Pre-Radio 1 Chris Moyles was born on 22 February 1974 in Leeds and was educated at the Mount St Mary 's Catholic High School .
She lives in New York City with her husband and two daughters .
They are situated adjacent to one other , in a row , on the coast of the Gda sk Bay , Baltic Sea , in Eastern Pomerania ( Pomeranian Voivodeship ) , northern Poland .
According to certain proponents of the Paleolithic diet , practitioners should derive about 56 - 65 % of their food energy from animal foods and 36 - 45 % from plant foods .
The # 500 first prize went to railway employees James Fawcett and H. P. C. Ashworth in 1899 , whose design named Green Light was of French Renaissance style included a giant dome and clock tower .
Ultimately his farming proved unsuccessful and he returned to the field of education as an English teacher at New Hampshire 's Pinkerton Academy from 1906 to 1911 , then at the New Hampshire Normal School ( now Plymouth State University ) in Plymouth , New Hampshire .
Traditional Chinese characters refers to Chinese characters in any character set which does not contain newly created characters or character substitutions performed after 1946 .
Celso Cardoso de Moraes , or simply Chika ( born August 4 , 1979 ) , is a Brazilian defender .
When Fox decided to mount a sketch comedy show to replace House of Buggin , Herman was kept on as an original MADtv cast member .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter located on the north side of Pittsburgh .
February 3 & ndash ; Shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu abdicates , and the late Emperor K mei 's son , Prince Mutsuhito becomes Emperor Meiji of Japan , ending the Late Tokugawa shogunate .
Ayrton Senna won his third Drivers ' World Championship , and his McLaren team were Constructors ' champions .
In a hymenopteran colony with one breeder ( queen ) and many workers as described above , the evolutionarily stable state is for each individual to invest entirely in helping the group , leading to a perfect '' superorganism '' , which implies the stability of eusociality in this case .
This is also Plain White T 's second album with Fearless Records .
When animals eat these plants ( or eat other animals which have eaten plants ) , the sugars produced by the plant are used by the animal .
He strictly forbade him to meddle with any musical instrument but Handel found means to get a little clavichord privately convey 'd to a room at the top of the house .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
However , Hunt did not properly register his claim , and the area was purchased by Leroy Pope , who imposed the name Twickenham on the area to honor the home village of his distant kinsman Alexander Pope .
He was the son of King Hetoum I and Queen Isabella and was a member of the Hetoumid family .
Brakes are used on the cars of railway trains to enable deceleration , control acceleration ( downhill ) or to keep them standing when parked .
This causes the plant to become inspected , and in order to prevent it from being shut down , Mr. Burns decides to run for governor .
The Romans used several different types of fibers .
A History of Conflict : introduction , BBC It forms part of the wider Arab -- Israeli conflict .
As the plays ended the audience , suddenly torn from their participation in the re-created world , recognized the value of a way of life , close to the land and countryside , that they could never know for themselves .
Undertaker took the advantage and hit Henry with a Last Ride .
Pessac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In popular culture Scorpion 's name was borrowed for the 2001 film The Mummy Returns and its 2002 spin-off The Scorpion King .
The Omen is a 1976 British suspense/horror film directed by Richard Donner .
An UN force ( InterFET ) consisting mainly of Australian Defence Force personnel was deployed to East Timor to establish and maintain peace .
Although her hand rests on her leg , hiding her pubic area in a '' frog '' gesture - also another sex symbol , the reference to traditional female virtue is ironic ; a notion of modesty is notoriously absent in this work .
The Guardian -- How smouldering tension erupted to set Brixton aflame , 13 April 1981 It was called '' Bloody Saturday '' by TIME magazine .
The 1990 FIFA World Cup , the 14th staging of the World Cup , was held in Italy from 8 June to 8 July .
Timgad - Roman city founded by the emperor Trajan around 100 AD , covered by the sand at 7th century .
Fresnes-en-Tardenois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Two men simultaneously claimed to be the true pope .
The film was scored by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock , although the music is source music , as Hancock noted : '' It 's only there when someone turns on the radio or puts on a record .
The 2 May 2010 Pichilemu aftershock was a magnitude 5.9 ( although measured by University of Chile Seismologic Service as 5.8 ) MW earthquake that struck O'Higgins , Chile , at 10:52 a.m. on 2 May 2010 at the epicenter , at a depth of and epicenter northwest of Pichilemu , according to the University of Chile Geological Service .
The county councils took over many of the functions of the Quarter Sessions courts , as well as being given further powers over the years .
Angelo State University is a public , coeducational university located in San Angelo , Texas , United States .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sagan Tosu .
Speaking and writing Hebrew has masculine and feminine ways of saying the words .
Like the nearby cities of Arcadia , Independence , and Blair , Whitehall is located on the former Green Bay and Western Railroad , which ran down the Trempealeau River valley to Winona , Minnesota .
Intonational variation in urban dialects of English spoken in the British Isles with rises on many statements in urban Belfast , and falls on most questions in urban Leeds .
Pogona vitticeps , the Central ( or Inland ) Bearded Dragon , is a species of agamid lizard occurring in a wide range of arid to semi-arid regions of Australia .
The Prince Octavius ( 23 February 1779 - 3 May 1783 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , the thirteenth child and eighth son of George III .
ONE LOVE
Examples of memes given in the book included melodies , catch-phrases , beliefs ( notably religious beliefs ) , clothing fashion , and the technology of building arches .
Travis Wayne Childers ( born March 29 , 1958 in Booneville , Mississippi ) is the U.S. Representative from Mississippi 's 1st congressional district .
Ille-et-Vilaine ( ) is a department of France , located in the region of Bretagne in the northwest of the country .
The Tsunami imprint turned out to be unsuccessful , and the series ended at issue # 18 .
By the end of 1949 , two new states had been created out of occupied Germany- the Federal Republic of Germany ( West Germany ) in the West and the German Democratic Republic ( GDR , East Germany ) in the East- with West Berlin an enclave surrounded by , but not part of , the GDR .
Tournay-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
North Miami is located at .
A nuclear meltdown is an informal term for a severe nuclear reactor accident that results in core damage from overheating .
Often the bands are named after their bandleaders .
He was then sent to Saint Petersburg to train under the tutelage of Alexei Mishin .
Schneier has stated that , '' Blowfish is unpatented , and will remain so in all countries .
was the 19th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O19/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
Sabre -- a light cutting and thrusting weapon ; the valid target area is the saddle line , which is from one side of the fencer 's hip to the other , and up , this also includes the head .
Paul Revere ( - May 10 , 1818 ) was an American silversmith and a patriot in the American Revolution .
December 17 -- Thomas Tickell , English writer ( d. 1740 )
Childers 's state funeral in St. Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin , was attended by world leaders including the Earl Mountbatten of Burma ( representing Queen Elizabeth II ) , the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and leader of the Opposition , and presidents and crowned heads of state from Europe and beyond .
The gluons and their interactions are described by the theory of quantum chromodynamics .
In 2007 , Apple released iWork ' 08 , which contained a new spreadsheet application , Numbers .
Superscalar CPU design emphasizes improving the instruction dispatcher accuracy , and allowing it to keep the multiple functional units in use at all times .
Sean R. Parnell ( born November 19 , 1962 , Hanford , California ) is the 12th and current Governor of Alaska .
They enabled an actor to appear and reappear in several different roles , thus preventing the audience from identifying the actor to one specific character .
The 19 cm long , 47 g weight Black-headed Grosbeak is a migratory bird , with nesting grounds from southwestern British Columbia , through the western half of the United States , into central Mexico .
It is a fast-growing state with an increasingly diverse economy and population .
Google was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were students at Stanford University and the company was first incorporated as a privately held company on September 4 , 1998 .
Between 1958 and 1987 the LBS choir under Steinitz performed all the extant church and secular cantatas , 208 separate works , cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach in various venues , and mostly for several years in the Church of St Bartholomew-the-Great , London .
Condé - sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Their son , Karl Friedrich Wilhelm ( a.k.a. Fred William ) , who was to be their only child , was born in Mainz on February 29 , 1916 .
In sports , Crissiumal is known as '' The land of goalkeepers '' , because it was the home of several goalkeepers , the most known of them being Taffarel , who played in the Brazilian Soccer Team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup , in Italy .
The theory observes that African pluvial periods are associated with a '' wet Sahara '' phase , during which larger lakes and more rivers exist .
The footprints may be the oldest human footprints that can be dated accurately .
Esztergom is one of the oldest towns in Hungary .
Its population in 2008 was 33,710 , for Stirling itself , the wider urban area including Bridge of Allan and Bannockburn has a population of 45,750 .
In addition to his solo career , he was a founding member of three bands : The Byrds , Crosby , Stills & Nash ( who are sometimes augmented by Neil Young ) , and CPR .
The result of the election was a Livingstone victory : Dobson , who it was alleged , had been pressured into running by the party leadership , unsuccessfully based his campaign on claims that Livingstone was an egomaniac , and the Conservatives remained becalmed after their catastrophic national defeat in 1997 .
He began playing bass when he was thirteen-years-old , and , as of September 2007 , uses a Sandberg bass .
She is perhaps best known for the roles of Dr. Alexx Woods on ' and as Catherine Duke on NewsRadio .
Combination may also refer to :
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
Maumelle is a city in Pulaski County , Arkansas , United States and a suburb of Little Rock .
Those who currently use or have used drug injection as their delivery route for drugs are at increased risk for getting hepatitis C because they may be sharing needles or other drug paraphernalia ( includes cookers , cotton , spoons , water , etc. ) , which may be contaminated with HCV-infected blood .
As a means of recording the passage of time , the 16th century lasted from 1501 to 1600 .
His given name was Gennady Nikolayevich Anosov , but he adopted his mother 's maiden name in its masculine form for his professional career so as to avoid the appearance of nepotism .
Stern , Susan , Marshall Plan 1947 -- 1997 A German View '' Stueck , William Whitney , ed .
According to the theorem , it is possible to expand the power ( x + y ) n into a sum involving terms of the form ax ` b ` y ` c , where the coefficient of each term is a positive integer , and the sum of the exponents of x and y in each term is n. For example ,
Politicians can then decide on the priorities and the efforts needed to save certain species from becoming extinct .
Most of the greatest performers of classical music since the time Carnegie Hall was built have performed in the Main Hall , and its lobbies are adorned with signed portraits and memorabilia .
Carpiquet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
After the arrival of General Douglas MacArthur in Australia during the Second World War , Bankstown Airport was established as a key strategic air force base to support the war effort . During this period the specially constructed bunker became an important Royal Australian Air Force headquarters from 1945 until its closure in 1947 .
A municipality is an administrative entity composed of a clearly defined territory and its population and commonly denotes a city , town , or village , or a small grouping of them .
The wife of the Dauphin was known as la Dauphine .
The North Sea lies to the east .
This value was the conventional reference for calculating the kilogram-force , a unit of force whose use has been deprecated since the introduction of SI .
Set up in June 2003 by two ex-Goldsmiths College students , Joe Daniel and Joe Margetts who reclaimed a local Ordnance Survey Triangulation Station and made it their first artefact : ARC 001 .
Indeed , the large beak of Gastornis would have been as well suited for crushing seeds and tearing off vegetation .
It has been called in western histories the Kingdom of Taiwan , Kerr , George H. (/O1945/O) '' Formosa : Island Frontier '' Far Eastern Survey 14 (/O7/O) : pp .
History Built in 1904 , Orchestra Hall was designed by renowned Chicago architect Daniel Burnham .
Francs is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The name Gordon was used for the first time in 1994 ( replacing 1988 's Gilbert ) ; it was used again in 2000 and 2006 , and is scheduled to be used again in 2012 .
One is used by the cryptographic community , while the other is the meaning understood by the public .
After a very promising beginning in Botafogo , Beto made his debut for the Brazilian national team in 1995 , in a friendly match against Argentina , in Buenos Aires , which Brazil won 1-0 .
Welcome to Wikipedia , and thank you for your contributions .
In computer science , a long integer is a data type that can represent a whole number whose range is greater than or equal to that of a standard integer on the same machine .
He was the last offspring of the Haik Dynasty .
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' Tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
Bobby Fischer was born at Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago , Illinois on March 9 , 1943 .
The states of New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and Western Australia use Shire for this unit .
It is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe , about 5,000 years old .
Liszt also gave Grieg some advice on orchestration , ( for example , to give the melody of the second theme in the first movement to a solo trumpet ) .
Former SPK members The SPK , the leftist , ` therapy-through-violence ' group , dissolved in 1971 , and those members who had turned militant forged links and joined with the Baader-Meinhof Gang .
The city was partly destroyed during the Chadian Civil War , in 1979 and again in 1980 .
It also features the first appearance of José Carioca .
Each DVD , with one exception , contained four episodes on one disc .
It is uncertain how many children Chaucer and Philippa had , but three or four are most commonly cited .
The first , simple optical printers were constructed early in the 1920s .
The city of Yakima is located in the Upper Valley of Yakima County .
Scene 2 In Lulu 's room in London Lulu and Alwa are now living with Schigolch in poverty and are on the run .
'' Dee '' Instrumental ( Rhoads ) -- 0:49
Turgi is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland , located in the Limmat Valley ( German : Limmattal ) .
Balanced line in audio and telecommunications
These readings are similar to those of Enceladus , where water venting from its south pole absorbs the electron plasma .
The White House Chief of Staff , Donald Regan , grew frustrated with this regimen , which created friction between him and the First Lady .
Maximum observed life span was 21 years .
She was given the option to appear nude in Sin City by the film 's directors , Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez , but declined the offer , saying , '' I do n't do nudity .
As may be expected , the more complex the organism , the more complex the repertoire of signal transduction processes the organism must possess .
Eventually , traders and other maritime visitors came to refer to the entire island as '' Puerto Rico '' , and '' San Juan '' became the name of the main trading\/shipping port .
Baudrecourt is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
The Niuean taro is known in Samoa as '' talo Niue '' and in international markets as pink taro .
He was also a member of the tennis team .
The ` crossing ' or exchanging of books may take any of a number of forms , including wild releasing books in public , direct swaps with other members of the websites , or '' book rings '' in which books travel in a set order to participants who want to read a certain book .
The 1,050 th and last 757 , destined for Shanghai Airlines , rolled off the production line at Renton on October 28 , 2004 and was delivered to the customer in April , 2005 after several months of storage .
Dunkerton is a city in Black Hawk County , Iowa , United States .
McCartney said the song was about the Beatles ' business difficulties and the atmosphere at Apple at the time .
In the end , on 3 September 1730 , he abdicated , leaving the throne to Charles ( nicknamed '' Carlino '' for his gracile and unpleasant building ) .
Nash was a dedicated Whig and was a friend of Charles James Fox through whom Nash probably came to the attention of the Prince Regent ( later King George IV ) and for the rest of his career he would largely work for the Prince .
Yelp.com has more than 31 million monthly unique visitors as of early 2010 .
Foreman has 10 children , and each of his five sons are named George : George Jr. , George III , George IV , George V , and George VI .
Status of rugby codes in various countries Rugby union is both a professional and amateur game , and is dominated by first tier unions : Argentina , Australia , England , Fiji , France , Ireland , Italy , New Zealand , Scotland , South Africa , and Wales .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
In 2009 she became the host of Austria 's Next Topmodel on which she equaled the role of her former mentor Heidi Klum . The show is currently in its third season .
At least fifty churches are of Anglo-Saxon origin , with many more claiming to be , although in some cases the Anglo-Saxon part is small and much-altered .
It is relatively close to many large Canadian Shield lakes and parks , as well as Lake Winnipeg ( the Earth 's 11th largest freshwater lake ) .
June 15 , 2009 .
; bot : Bot accounts specify the bot = parameter as a sign that the tag was added by an automated process .
Technical Knockout Referee Stoppage ( the referee stops the match after seeing that one fighter is completely dominant to the point of endangering his opponent ) .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
The killer crashes the car , killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious . Sidney and her roommate , Hallie ( Elise Neal ) , narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat .
Although the SS was autonomous and existed in parallel to the Wehrmacht , the Waffen-SS field units were placed under the operational control of the Supreme High Command of the Armed Forces ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht , OKW ) or the Supreme High Command of the Army ( Oberkommando des Heeres , OKH ) .
Other major cities around the gulf include Helsinki and Tallinn .
For the attributed author of the Book of Obadiah , see Obadiah .
They released an album , Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star , in 1998 .
L. Macy ( accessed December 20 , 2008 ) , grovemusic.com ( subscription access ) .
Michael Yahuda : Deng Xiaoping : The Statesman As leader of the Communist Party of China , Deng was a reformer who led China towards a market economy .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Judas is mentioned in the synoptic gospels , the Gospel of John and at the beginning of Acts of the Apostles .
The show ran for three seasons , from August 12 , 1995 to March 8 , 1997 , and spawned its own short-run comic book series , Adventures of The Mask .
Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
Three categories of organisms can be distinguished in the Triassic record : holdovers from the Permian-Triassic extinction , new groups which flourished briefly , and other new groups which went on to dominate the Mesozoic world .
John Mansfield Brumby , MLA ( born 21 April 1953 ) , Australian Labor Party politician , is the 45th Premier of Victoria , assuming office on 30 July 2007 after the resignation of Steve Bracks .
The Empire is the only theatre between Leeds and Glasgow large enough to accommodate such shows .
George Iain Duncan Smith ( born 9 April 1954 ; often referred to by his initials '' IDS '' ) is a British politician .
In 1958 , the State Department explained that the terms '' Near East '' and '' Middle East '' were interchangeable , and defined the region as including only Egypt , Syria , Israel , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar .
Chronology of Events in 2007 at Nazko Cone Most of these earthquakes were magnitude 1.0 or less ; some as strong as M 3.1 or 3.2 were centered 25 kilometres below the surface .
USB joysticks do not require calibration , in general .
It is a knockout cup competition run by and named after the Scottish Football Association .
Davis 's first major post was as associate conductor of the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra , beginning in 1970 .
Significant progress has been made in the care of premature infants , but not in reducing the prevalence of preterm birth .
The word Possession might refer to :
Since some ocarinas are fully chromatic and can be played in professional musical situations , including classical and folk , sheet music is an ideal notation for ocarinas .
The Prosauropod skull was approximately half the length of the femur ; their jaw articulation was slightly below the level of the maxillary tooth row .
India to the Philippines , Australia , and Polynesia .
Its American premiere was given in 1946 at Tanglewood by Koussevitzky 's pupil , Leonard Bernstein .
To get around this , creative teams will make a product that resembles the original game in some way , without copying or mentioning the original directly , notably omitting the title , story , and character names .
Gary Bruce Bettman ( born June 2 , 1952 ) is the commissioner of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , a post he has held since February 1 , 1993 .
Gorgona is the northernmost island in the Tuscan Archipelago , a group of islands off the west coast of Italy .
Chrome OS will not be available as a download to run and install .
See Auron .
In January 2008 , Speight found the body of Collins in the bath of their London flat .
The Federalists accused the Democratic-Republicans of seeking disunion , even contemplating violence .
In 2003 , Efron starred in the Lifetime original television movie Miracle Run .
Around age seven or eight , he was brought by his mother to Tallulah , Louisiana , after his parents separated .
Other additions include new special '' flair '' moves .
Early clavichords frequently had many notes played on each string , even going so far as the keyed monochord -- an instrument with only one string -- though most clavichords were triple - or double-fretted .
By the middle of the season , the competition captivated a nationwide audience and became one of the most watched television entertainment shows in mainland China with tens of millions of viewers .
Act 2 Scene 1 Evening in a Nuremberg street , at the corner between Pogner 's house and Hans Sachs ' workshop .
Furius ISO Mount is a free program to mount and burn image files .
However , the Rockets have advanced past the first round of the playoffs only once since he joined the team , and he has missed significant time due to injury in each of the past six seasons .
The eyes are small , approximately a 9 m diameter sphere and at the base of the wedge-shaped snout .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) , a Canadian crown corporation , is the country 's national public radio and television broadcaster .
Unlike the northern Hindustani music tradition , carnatic music is almost exclusively religious .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
He worked at a variety of jobs , including timber merchant , reporter and printer .
He was educated at Larchfield Academy ( now part of Lomond School ) , Helensburgh ; the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College ( which later became the University of Strathclyde ) ; and the University of Glasgow .
Similar specifications apply for cotton , orange juice , cocoa , sugar , wheat , corn , barley , pork bellies , milk , feedstuffs , fruits , vegetables , other grains , other beans , hay , other livestock , meats , poultry , eggs , or any other commodity which is so traded .
Short-Beaked Common Dolphin , Delphinus delphis
Unfortunately , most governments had little interest in implementing this convention , and it was thus prevented from entering into force before the beginning of World War II .
William Jefferson '' Bill '' Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
The template has all features of Template : CompactTOC7 , plus some from Template : CompactTOC2 , such as optional '' Top '' '' 0-9 '' sections , and allows selecting other sections .
His definitive work laid the foundation for later Chinese historiography .
He was also active in improving health care and expanding clinics for veterans .
a cube with this surface area has sides of length 408 m
It was disappointing at the box office , opening outside the Top 10 at # 12 with $ 2.64 million for its first weekend , grossing less than $ 7 million overall during its entire theatrical run .
A woman who holds in her own right the title to such duchy or dukedom , or is the wife of a duke , is normally styled duchess .
He studied music in college and played drums in the University of Colorado music program .
Voyager 2 studied Neptune 's atmosphere , Neptune 's rings , its magnetosphere , and Neptune 's moons .
It is sometimes defined as an adult height of less than 4 feet 10 inches ( 147 cm ) , although this definition is problematic because short stature in itself is not a disorder .
Plum Springs is a city in Warren County , Kentucky , United States .
The Hall was originally supposed to have been called The Central Hall of Arts and Sciences , but the name was changed by Queen Victoria to Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences when laying the foundation stone as a dedication to her deceased husband and consort Prince Albert .
Its relative minor is C-sharp minor , and its parallel minor is E minor .
Backlash ( 2003 ) was the fifth annual Backlash professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) . It took place on April 27 , 2003 at the Worcester Centrum in Worcester , Massachusetts and starred talent from the promotion 's Raw and SmackDown !
Shigemi Ishi ( born July 7 , 1951 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Ian Stewart called him the musical leader of the Rolling Stones , and both Bill Wyman and Ronnie Wood have noted that while other bands follow the drummer , the Rolling Stones follow Richards .
In 2007 she became the presenter of ITV 's coverage of the British Touring Car Championship alongside Ted Kravitz .
Aracaju , one of the first cities to be planned in Brazil , was built with the intention of becoming the state capital .
I , II , III , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , and X.
This may have been used as an aerodynamic stabilizer and rudder during gliding and\/or powered flight ( see '' Flight and gliding '' below ) .
The South Tarawa population center consists of all the small islets between Bairiki ( on the west ) to Temaiku\/Bonriki on the east .
'' XOR '' redirects here .
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria aka Las Palmas is the capital ( jointly with the Santa Cruz de Tenerife ) and most populous city of the Autonomous Community of Canary Islands and the ninth largest city in Spain , with a population of 381,123 in 2008 .
The house was taken up by the Crown in 1817 .
Its county seat is Gainesville , Florida .
Saladin abolishes the Fatimid caliphate , restoring Sunni rule in Egypt .
San Jose Chinantequilla is a community that is in the Mixe region of Oaxaca state .
Applied mathematics , the branch of mathematics concerned with application of mathematical knowledge to other fields , inspires and makes use of new mathematical discoveries and sometimes leads to the development of entirely new mathematical disciplines , such as statistics and game theory .
Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .
Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge that crosses over the San Francisco Bay .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
He first met Jimi Hendrix in the early 1960s , when they were both in the United States Army , stationed at Fort Campbell .
Chierry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Brunello , roughly translated as '' nice dark one '' in the local dialect , is the unofficial name of the clone of Sangiovese ( also known as Sangioverosso ) grown in the Montalcino region .
He was the director of Antiquities in Egypt during the 19th century Who Was Who in Egyptology ... - Page 82 by Warren Royal Dawson , and excavated in Memphis and Dashur , providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids .
The series ' character designs are heavily influenced by anime as well as Chinese art and history , Hinduism , Taoism , Buddhism , and Yoga .
Despite their initial success , by the time the last examples were entering service they were already being replaced on some top-link duties by more powerful locomotives .
Redpath 's father was a tweed designer in the Scottish Borders .
Initially wrought iron wires were used , but today steel is the main material used for wire ropes .
He was well-known for his duets with Benjamin Luxon , reviving many Victorian parlor songs .
In medicine ( particularly veterinary ) and in zoology , a poison is often distinguished from a toxin and a venom .
Each session can be practiced in a position chosen amongst a set of recommended postures ( for example , lying down , sitting meditation , sitting like a rag doll ) .
On the night of September 7 , 1996 , Shakur was shot four times in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas .
Anthony Rolfe Johnson , CBE ( 5 November 194021 July 2010 ) was an English operatic tenor .
'' I Decided '' is a song by American singer Solange Knowles , written and composed by Knowles and producer Pharrell Williams for her second studio album Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams (/O2008/O) .
Myspace , stylized My _____ and previously MySpace , is a social networking website . Its headquarters are in Beverly Hills , California where it shares an office building with its immediate owner , News Corp. .
The game reinvigorated the rhythm genre which by this time had begun to stagnate , flooded with Dance Dance Revolution sequels and imitators .
The occurrence of the interchange was first discussed in 1876 by the '' father of biogeography '' , Alfred Russel Wallace .
In 1950 , Lee moved to New York City , where she worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation ; there , she began writing a collection of essays and short stories about people in Monroeville .
Auto , from Greek - auto - '' self , one 's own '' , may refer to :
Purdue University Columbia University Stanford University , Hoover Institute University of Texas at Austin Publishing the diary The Holocaust Literature Research Unit of the Justus Liebig University of Giessen has established the Kellner Project and is preparing for publication in 2010 .
Lady 's slipper orchids , lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids are the orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioidea , which includes the genera Cypripedium , Mexipedium , Paphiopedilum , Phragmipedium and Selenipedium .
It lies on the River Avon , south east of Birmingham and south west of the county town , Warwick .
All tracks composed by Stephen Lynch .
The violence erupted after a majority of eligible voters in the population of East Timor chose independence from Indonesia .
Marginea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Don Giovanni ( K. 527 ; complete title : , literally '' The Rake Punish 'd , or Don Giovanni '' ) is an opera in two acts with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and with Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte .
- March 12 , 1648 ) was a Spanish Baroque dramatist , poet and a Roman Catholic monk .
The 1985 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1985 , and lasted until November 30 , 1985 .
'' Chucky '' , as Ivanchuk is called , has been described by Viswanathan Anand as the most eccentric player in the chess world .
First aired June 28 , 2010 ( 0.728 M viewers )
Although white chocolate is made the same way as milk chocolate and dark chocolate , it lacks cocoa paste , liquor or powder .
To enable it to be ready in time for broadcast , much of the story is a ` clip show ' .
In addition '' County Tipperary '' is actually two administrative counties , called North Tipperary and South Tipperary while the major urban centres Cork , Galway , Limerick , and Waterford have been separated from the town and rural areas of their counties .
It is able to locate its prey using its keen sense of smell , which can locate a dead or dying animal from a range of up to 9.5 kilometers ( 6 miles ) .
The most well-known example is Finnish modernist architect Alvar Aalto who would create aesthetic effects in the facades of his buildings through the combination of different types and sizes of louvers , some fixed some moveable , and made mostly from wood ( e.g. the various buildings of the Helsinki University of Technology ) .
Fleury is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Abu Thabid II succeeds Abu Tashufin II as ruler of the Abdalwadid dynasty in present-day eastern Algeria .
A ceasefire ( or truce ) is a temporary stoppage of an armed conflict in which each side agrees with the other to suspend aggressive actions .
In 1987 he married Allegra Mostyn-Owen ; the marriage was dissolved in 1993 .
Auschwitz ( ; ) was a network of concentration and extermination camps built and operated in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during the Second World War .
Some of Sanrio 's newest characters include Cherinacherine ( two twin fairies who look after cherries in the forest ) , Sugarminuet ( A ballerina-themed spin-off of Sugarbunnies ) and Jewelpet ( a group of 34 fantasy animals with jewels for their eyes . )
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Sacramento Kings .
Aston , Birmingham , England
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
According to general relativity , the observed gravitational attraction between masses results from the warping of space and time by those masses .
Chondrichthyes ( ) or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fish with paired fins , paired nares , scales , two-chambered hearts , and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone .
They were among the preeminent hardcore punk bands of the L.A. scene in the early 1980s .
Menstrual cycles are counted from the first day of menstrual bleeding , because the onset of menstruation corresponds closely with the hormonal cycle .
In a presidential system the leader of the executive branch is at once the head of state and head of government .
The organization and functions of the DoD are set forth in Title 10 of the United States Code .
History Tonbridge Grammar School for Girls began in 1905 with just 13 girls as pupils on the top floor of Tonbridge Library .
Krips moved to Belgrade , where he worked for a year with the Belgrade Opera and Philharmonic , until Yugoslavia also became involved in World War II .
Some speakers of Quechua also call it ` runa simi ' ( or regional variants thereof ) , literally ` people speech ' , although ` runa ' here has the more specific sense of indigenous Andean people .
Callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period , so the same hemisphere always faces ( is tidally locked to ) Jupiter .
Examples of Old Persian have been found in what is now present-day Iran , Iraq , Turkey and Egypt the most important attestation by far being the contents of the Behistun inscription ( dated to 525 BCE ) .
Today there are 13 buildings remaining on the palace grounds and 28 pavilions in the gardens , occupying 110 acres ( 45 hectares ) in all and the area is designated as Historical Site No. 122 .
Bhag-P 1.3.23 '' In the nineteenth and twentieth incarnations , the Lord advented Himself as Lord Balarama and Lord Krishna '' Within both the Vaishnava traditions and Hinduism generally he is acknowledged as being a manifestation of Shesha , the serpent on whom Vishnu rests .
beats after midnight , equivalent to a fractional day of 0.248 CET , or 4:57:07.2 UTC .
Pornographic film industry Content featuring male bisexuality has been a growing trend since the advent of internet pornography .
In a discharging battery or a galvanic cell the cathode is the positive terminal since that is where the current flows out of the device ( see drawing ) .
American handball is a sport in which players hit a small rubber ball against one or more walls using their hands .
Buk blong mi : The book that belongs to me , my book Man blong Amerika : Man from America , American .
In the championship match at the pay-per-view , James lost to Stratus but continued to be enamored of her the next night on Raw , and she confessed her love for Stratus at the Royal Rumble .
Her parentage was flexible : for Ovid , she could equally be Pallantis , signifying the daughter of Pallas , '' When Pallantis next gleams in heaven and stars flee ... '' ( Ovid , Fasti iv .
Maurice Duruflé ( 11 January 1902 & ndash ; 16 June 1986 ) was a French composer , organist , and pedagogue .
Le Sourd is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
While Amaterasu is enshrined at the Honden Shrine or '' Grand Shrine '' , which is at the entrance to the Ise Shrine , Susano ` o is enshrined at Kumano Taisha located in Shimane ( formerly the Izumo region ) , where he descended when banished from heaven .
West Berlin branch Initially the SED had a branch in West Berlin , but in 1962 that branch became a separate party called the Socialist Unity Party of West Berlin ( Sozialistische Einheitspartei Westberlins - SEW ) .
The Mario series of video games has sold more than 200 million copies ( 210 million as of 2009 ) , making it the best-selling video game franchise of all time .
Since 1977 it has been situated next to the Barbican Arts Centre in the Barbican Complex .
While the Lea Salonga English version is widely known , Coco also sang the English version , including one which she performed together with Lea .
Hungarians also had their own writing system , the Old Hungarian script , but no significant texts remained from the time , as the usual medium of writing , wooden sticks , were perishable .
A live CD , live DVD , or live disc is a CD or DVD containing a bootable computer operating system .
Paleothyris was an early sauropsid , yet it still had some features that were more primitive , more labyrinthodont-like than reptile-like , especially its skull , which lacked fenestrae , holes found in the skulls of most modern reptiles and mammals .
Mrs. Brisby goes to the rats ' home , where she is amazed to see their use of electricity and other human technology .
The positron or antielectron is the antiparticle or the antimatter counterpart of the electron .
The Undertaker is the judge and John Bradshaw Layfield is the prosecuting attorney .
Central Park is a public greenspace and park in the heart of Manhattan in New York City , with approximately twenty-five million visitors each year , it is the most visited urban park in the United States .
Although some convicts had their sentences commuted and suffered a less ignominious end , over a period of almost 600 years a wide variety of traitors were not so lucky .
Located in the Pacific Ocean , it lies to the east of the Sea of Japan , People 's Republic of China , North Korea , South Korea and Russia , stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and Taiwan in the south .
He wanted to do many things such as study law , engage in trade , or study theology .
'' Making our national struggles and achievements better known abroad . ''
Marco Marchionni ( born 22 July 1980 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right winger for Serie A club Fiorentina .
Matthew Perry ( timpanist ) , timpanist with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
is a city in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
The London Symphony Orchestra and the BBC Symphony Orchestra are based in the Barbican Centre 's concert hall .
It was discovered by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
Murray is a city in Clarke County , Iowa , United States .
Several other operating entities related to the venue share its name .
and is home to the Canadian air force base CFB Comox and HMCS Quadra Sea Cadet training facility .
History Settlers The original occupants were probably the Gundungura Aborigines .
From 1964 he was Professor of Music at King 's College London .
Throughout 2008 , Mirza was plagued by a slew of wrist injuries , requiring her to withdraw from several matches including those of the Roland Garros and US Open Grand Slams .
Applications do not need to be specifically designed to use IPsec . The use of TLS\/SSL , on the other hand , must be designed into an application to protect the application protocols .
Lanark , subtitled A Life in Four Books , is the first novel of Scottish writer Alasdair Gray .
For this reason , recorders are required to be capable of surviving the conditions likely to be encountered in a severe aircraft accident .
Google notifies the owners of listed sites who may not be aware of the presence of the harmful software .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
Lead singer Jerome Anthony '' Little Anthony '' Gourdine was noted for his high-pitched falsetto voice influenced by Jimmy Scott .
Mark Anthony Kinsella ( born 12 August 1972 ) is an Irish professional football coach .
The special theory of relativity and the general theory of relativity are connected .
During the 2007 & ndash ; 08 season , Gretna rented Fir Park from Motherwell and played all but one of their home league games there .
In fact , hypertext interfaces existed in the 1960s , but numerous complications have thwarted new advances , such as new support for search-engine-style '' multi-word '' scanning of any document when viewing or text-editing .
Framingham is known for the Framingham Heart Study , as well as for the Dennison Manufacturing Company , which was founded in 1844 as a jewelry and watch box manufacturing company by Aaron Lufkin Dennison , who became the pioneer of the American System of Watch Manufacturing at the nearby Waltham Watch Company .
A recent reassessment of Stonehenge ( c. 2500 BC ) indicates that the monument was set out by prehistoric surveyors using peg and rope geometryJohnson , Anthony , Solving Stonehenge : The New Key to an Ancient Enigma .
Autumn marks the transition from summer into winter , usually in March ( Southern Hemisphere ) or September ( Northern Hemisphere ) when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier .
Eight days later , the five men decided to rename the committee to the '' International Committee for Relief to the Wounded '' .
At the Slammy Awards the Undertaker and Shawn Michaels won the Best Match of the Year , with Shawn expressing that he was glad that he had created history at WrestleMania , but just when he was about to leave he challenged Undertaker to a rematch at the next WrestleMania . The Undertaker would later say no and told Shawn that he would have to earn the spot .
January 8 & ndash ; Galileo Galilei , Italian astronomer and physicist ( b. 1564 )
In 1870 , he quit his job at the Kreuzzeitung and became drama critic for the liberal Vossische Zeitung , a position he held until retirement .
Astrid meets a boy named Paul Trout , and they bond through the shared experience of living in foster care .
The hyper engine was a 1930s study project of the United States Army Air Corps , an effort to develop an aircraft engine capable of delivering 1 horsepower per cubic inch ( 46 kW/L ) of engine displacement .
These reports include the following : By Price Waterhouse The Impact of Copyright Extension for Sound Recordings in the UK , ( report commissioned by the BPI ) , 2006 Sales certificates The British Phonographic Industry awards certificates for music releases in Britain .
Toda first joined the University of Tsukuba .
There are , however , over 70,000 UK citizens that are mixed race and do not fit the above descriptions ; a significant percentage of these are Afro-Asian .
Only Caligula , as the last remaining son of Germanicus , managed to survive the purges of Sejanus , and that he did by moving to Capri with Tiberius in 31 .
Amin Maalouf ( ) , born 25 February 1949 in Beirut , is a Lebanese author .
Unione Sportiva Massese 1919 is an Italian football club , based in Massa , Tuscany . The club was founded in 1919 .
Only 1 % of people with sarcoidosis will have neurosarcoidosis alone without involvement of any other organs .
The state is Australia 's second largest by area , following Western Australia , and the country 's third most populous after New South Wales and Victoria .
Weber found that the smallest noticeable difference in weight ( the least difference that the test person can still perceive as a difference ) , was proportional to the starting value of the weight .
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , several of the newly independent Turkic-speaking republics , namely Azerbaijan , Uzbekistan , and Turkmenistan , as well as Romanian-speaking Moldova , have officially adopted the Latin alphabet for Azeri , Uzbek , Turkmen , Kazakh , Tatar , and Romanian respectively .
Now she is singing not only for her mother , who has died , but also for people who listen to her song , wishing world peace .
Food waste is '' any food substance , raw or cooked , which is discarded , or intended or required to be discarded '' , according to the legal definition of waste by the EU Commission .
Wildebeest is Dutch for '' wild beast '' or '' wild cow '' in Afrikaans ( bees = cow ) , while Connochaetes derives from the Greek words konnos ( '' beard '' ) and khaite ( '' flowing hair '' ) .
This would be pushed into the ducking pond and the shafts would be released , tipping the chair up backwards and ducking the occupant .
Ferris Bueller 's Day Off is a 1986 American teen coming-of-age comedy film written and directed by John Hughes .
The first winner in Montreal was Quebec native Gilles Villeneuve who died in 1982 on the final qualifying lap for the Belgian Grand Prix .
ROT13 provides an opportunity for letter games .
Most of Fort Worth is served by Fort Worth Independent School District .
The remainder live in the Americas ( 14 % ) , Africa ( 14 % ) , Europe ( 11 % ) , and Oceania ( 0.5 % ) .
In November 1920 , F.B.C. merged with another Alessandria team , U.S. Alessandrina , established in 1915 , keeping the gray shirt and changed its name to Alessandria U.S. Marino Bartoletti , Viva la gloriosa Alessandria che ha fatto ... novanta .
The capital of Perlis is Kangar and the Royal capital is Arau .
Year 1555 ( MDLV ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Clans can be most easily described as tribes or sub-groups of tribes .
Originally designed as an ICBM in the late 1950s , Atlas was the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by United Launch Alliance .
The word caracal comes from the Turkish word '' karakulak '' , meaning '' black ear '' .
A centenarian is a person who is or lives beyond the age of 100 years .
-- )
This gave the series an Emmy Award record for most acting nominations overall ( including guest performer category ) in a single year , with 12 acting nominations .
Saint-André-et-Appelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Interstate 76 may refer to :
Although lightning usually appears to be electric blue , under some meteorological conditions , it may appear to be brilliant lavender , and thus another name for this color is electric lavender .
Through Sub Pop , the band released the Screaming Life EP in 1987 , and the Fopp EP in 1988 .
He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in capillaries ( small blood vessels ) .
He was born on 16 August 1763 , at St. James 's Palace , London .
Reference to UCL as third oldest univeersity in England
October 10 -- Germanicus , Roman general ( b. 15 BC ) .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
Gundaroo is a small village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia and in Yass Valley Council .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
IAUC 8826 : Satellites of Jupiter and Saturn 2007 April ( naming the moon )
Carcassonne became strategically identified when Romans fortified the hilltop around 100 BC and eventually made it the colonia of Julia Carsaco , later Carcasum ( the process of swapping consonant is a metathesis ) .
Morehead State University is a public , co-educational university located in Morehead , Kentucky in the foothills of the Daniel Boone National Forest in Rowan County , midway between Lexington , Kentucky , and Huntington , West Virginia .
Hamblain-les-Pr és is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The question who should invest ( or more to the point , appoint ) whom was the subject of an epic conflict between the Catholic church ( mainly papacy ) and state ( mainly the Holy Roman Empire ) in the Middle Ages during the so-called Investiture Controversy .
In Euclidean Geometry , the opposite or facing sides of a parallelogram are of equal length and the opposite angles of a parallelogram are of equal measure .
Daisuke Aono is a Japanese football player .
The site was a full integrated camp site with its own power house , barracks , kitchens , septic system and recreation hall .
The Weinsteins started a new film production company called simply The Weinstein Company , and took the Dimension Films label with them .
Chailland is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
This meat generally is more tender than that from older sheep and appears more often on tables in some Western countries .
On December 4 , 2008 , Kara released their 2nd mini-album '' Pretty Girl '' and had their comeback starting on M !
Bowser himself eventually appears in the final boss battle of the game . In New Super Mario Bros. , Bowser is the boss of the first world , which features a battle similar to that of Super Mario Bros. .
Offekerque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After finishing his junior season in college , Azubuike declared himself eligible for the 2005 NBA Draft , eventually going undrafted that year .
The International System of Units ( abbreviated SI from the French Bureau International des Poids et Mesures ) is the modern form of the metric system and is generally a system of units of measurement devised around seven base units and the convenience of the number ten .
ISBN 1-86064-185-7 .
The population of Niuatoputapu was 934 in 2006 . The inhabitants formerly spoke the Niuatoputapu language , but it has now been extinct for centuries .
University years and public speaker ( 1951 -- 1970 ) In 1951 , aged nineteen , Osho began his studies at Hitkarini College in Jabalpur .
It is the second book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
Hurricanes Adolph and Juliette both reached Category 4 intensity , while Juliette made landfall in Baja California as a minimal hurricane , causing two deaths .
It sold over 282,000 copies in the first week , and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 .
In fact , taxonomists come up with specific descriptors from a variety of sources , including in-jokes and puns .
Hurricane Irene formed from a tropical wave on September 11 , located about 700 miles east of the Lesser Antilles .
The Armero tragedy , as the event came to be known , was the second-deadliest volcanic disaster in the 20th century , being surpassed only by the 1902 eruption of Mount Pelée , and is the fourth-deadliest volcanic eruption in recorded history .
McCarroll soon communicated her idea to the local chamber of commerce and the Riverside County Board of Supervisors , with no success .
Mauro Raphael ( born 6 June 1933 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
The block is cut along the grain of the wood ( unlike wood engraving where the block is cut in the end-grain ) .
Rifles that meet most of these criteria , but not all , are technically not assault rifles despite frequently being considered as such . For example , semi-automatic-only rifles like the AR-15 ( which the M16 rifle is based on ) that share designs with assault rifles are not assault rifles , as they are not capable of switching to automatic fire and thus are not selective fire capable .
A Storm surge is an offshore rise of water associated with a low pressure weather system , typically a tropical cyclone .
The stadium primarily hosts Sunderland A.F.C. matches .
Noted as a strong defenceman who could contribute on offence , Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship .
The tower is being constructed by a South Korean company , Samsung Engineering & Construction , which also built the Petronas Twin Towers and the Taipei 101 .
On its western bank is located the famous town of Shahdara Bagh with the tomb of Jahangir and the Tomb of Noor Jahan .
BBC News , January 9 2003 but dropped out of the race two days before election day .
During his trip he himself caught a cold which developed into typhus from which he died in the southern city of Taganrog on 19 November ( O.S. ) \/O/ 1 December 1825 .
Daboia is a monotypic genus of venomous Old World viper . The single species , D. russelii , is found in Asia throughout the Indian subcontinent , much of Southeast Asia , southern China and Taiwan .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Since the foundation of the first Panhellenic Championship in season 1927-28 , only six clubs have won the title , with the '' big three '' of Athens ( Olympiacos , Panathinaikos and AEK Athens ) dominating and only PAOK , Aris and Larissa managing to break their dominance on a few occasions .
The majority of its people reside in the state capital , Adelaide , with most of the remainder settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray .
NASA defines the term as a cold period between 1550 AD and 1850 AD and notes three particularly cold intervals : one beginning about 1650 , another about 1770 , and the last in 1850 , each separated by intervals of slight warming .
The Legend of Zelda : Oracle of Seasons and The Legend of Zelda : Oracle of AgesOracle of Seasons was released in Japan as and Oracle of Ages was released in Japan as .
In some of these cases , symptoms initially affect one of the legs , and patients experience awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often .
Grow Up and Blow Away and Fantasies ( 2007-present ) On June 26 , 2007 , Last Gang Records released Metric 's 1999 album Grow up and Blow Away .
PS leader Lionel Jospin lost his bid to succeed Mitterrand as president in the 1995 presidential election against Gaullist leader Jacques Chirac but became prime minister in a cohabitation government after the 1997 parliamentary elections , a position he held until 2002 , when he was again defeated in presidential elections .
Marquette is a major port on Lake Superior , primarily for shipping iron ore and is the home of Northern Michigan University .
He also co-wrote the hits '' Right Round '' by Flo Rida featuring Kesha , '' Wavin ' Flag '' by K ` naan , and '' Fuck You ! ''
To compete with this , Santa Ana has approved commercial projects in the South Coast Metro area , as well as the '' Metro East '' development , located at the confluence of the Santa Ana Freeway and the Costa Mesa Freeway .
In numerical analysis , Newton 's method ( also known as the Newton Raphson method ) , named after Isaac Newton and Joseph Raphson , is perhaps the best known method for finding successively better approximations to the zeroes ( or roots ) of a real-valued function .
Amanda Peet was born in New York City , the daughter of Penny ( née Levy ) , a social worker , and Charles Peet , a corporate lawyer .
Knut 's diet began with a bottle of baby formula mixed with cod liver oil every two hours , before graduating at the age of four months to a milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins .
The terror birds lived in woodlands and grasslands .
Opeth was scheduled to perform in Jordan without a crew due to the fear of terrorist attacks in the Middle East .
According to the theory , the enhanced fitness of relatives can at times more than compensate for the fitness loss incurred by the individuals displaying the behavior .
Among dormice , it has the special ability of running at great speed upside down , suspended from branches .
The patterns of plant and animal distribution in the world 's ecozones was shaped by the process of plate tectonics , which has redistributed the world 's land masses over geological history .
Two of the players were related ( a '' family pair '' ) , and formed a team to play against a solo player .
Upon his return to Israel , he was indicted and charged with incitement to violence and support for a terrorist organization , as defined by Israel 's Prevention of Terror Ordinance .
This led to a full 2002 Formula Renault UK campaign with Manor Motorsport .
Each position assigned to a player has certain responsibilities : Number One is the most offensive position on the field .
In the off-season , he contested two rounds of the 2009 - 10 GP2 Asia Series for Barwa Addax , ahead of a 2010 main series campaign with the team .
In late 2005 , Cyrus and his daughter Miley Cyrus began co-starring in the Disney Channel original television series , Hannah Montana , which premiered on March 24 , 2006 .
Oda accepted the punishment meted out by the federation , and paid the fine of 100,000 .
` British Railways standard class '' 8 '' locomotives ' ( Engineer : 1954 ) , pp .
Don Giovanni and Leporello arrive soon after .
Dino Baggio ( born July 24 , 1971 in Camposampiero ) is an Italian football defensive midfielder , currently playing with Tombolo in the Terza Categoria of Italian football .
Occupation and hobbies Mario 's occupation is plumbing .
On August 29 , 1977 , Texas adopted the new method of execution from the electric chair to lethal injection . On December 7 , 1982 , Texas became the first state to use lethal injection to carry out capital punishment , for the execution of Charles Brooks , Jr. .
Cooke Barracks was returned to the German government in 1992 .
Ultraman was followed by many other series .
February 14 & ndash ; An earthquake in Yugoslavia kills 100 .
Unterkulm is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The closest they came to going out of the league was in 1939 , when they were re-elected after finishing bottom of Division Three ( South ) , and in 2002 when the team finished just one league position away from relegation to the Football Conference .
They are sometimes called Acomyinae , particularly in references that predate the discovery that the link rat , Deomys ferugineus , is part of the clade .
He was kidnapped and held by the notorious Pirate Peter Easton in Harbour Grace .
Increasingly , though , merit badges are earned in a class setting at troop meetings and summer camps .
Thoissey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Biography Ajemian was born in Manbij , near Aleppo , in a family of Armenian Genocide survivors from Sasun .
An unconformity is a buried erosion surface separating two rock masses or strata of different ages , indicating that sediment deposition was not continuous .
Higher organisms then feed on the fungi and bacteria in a chain of life that comprises the soil food web .
She is perhaps best known for her role as Keely Teslow in the Disney Channel Original Series , Phil of the Future and as Taylor Callum in the Disney Channel Original Movie Cow Belles .
Surface gravity depends on the distance from a spot on the surface to the center of a body 's mass/O. .
Carrara marble has been used since the time of Ancient Rome ; the Pantheon and Trajan 's Column in Rome are constructed of it .
This is a list of the Emperors of the Eastern Roman Empire , commonly known as the Byzantine Empire by modern historians .
Steven Allan Spielberg , ( born December 18 , 1947 ) , page 37 is an American film director , screenwriter , film producer and video game designer .
For other meanings , see Billabong ( disambiguation )
Cloud layers Saturn 's celestial body atmosphere exhibits a banded pattern similar to Jupiter 's ( the nomenclature is the same ) , but Saturn 's bands are much fainter and are also much wider near the equator .
The building , located between Nassau Street and William Street in Manhattan , New York City , was completed in 1930 after only 11 months of construction .
Living up in Vancouver BC for 5 years , putting Heart together up there .
In contrast to Ophelia is Dinah , who operates on passion .
The V10 can be considered to be constructed by mating two even firing straight-5 engines together .
It was released in North America on November 24 , 1999 and in Europe on December 6 , 1999 .
The first documented story of glove use concerns Charles Waitt , a St. Louis outfielder/first baseman who in 1875 donned a pair of flesh-colored gloves .
As of 2007 , 31 countries operated nuclear power plants .
The edible dormouse lives in continental Europe .
In Singapore , Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time qualifying 10th on the grid .
When it becomes clear to Fontaine that he is losing control of Jack , Fontaine points out the peculiar fact that Tenenbaum has survived both World War II as a Holocaust victim and the battle in Rapture , insinuating that she has a secret agenda of her own .
In two appearances as a pitcher , Wistert allowed only one run in eight innings , for a career ERA of 1.13 .
SRAM is more expensive , but faster and significantly less power hungry ( especially idle ) than DRAM .
Saint-Jean-de-Niost is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was assigned to Blantyre , Malawi , as economic and commercial officer from 1968 to 1971 .
Time , April 9 , 1979 .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Reception by Manchester City was polarised , with some fans lukewarm about moving from the famous Maine Road which had a reputation for being one of English football 's most atmospheric grounds whilst others were enthusiastic about the bigger stadium and move back to east Manchester where Manchester City formed .
Engineering fundamentals page on medium-carbon steel High carbon steel Approximately 0.6 -- 0.99 % carbon content .
Saint-Genis-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Henry Dearborn ( February 23 , 1751 -- June 6 , 1829 ) was an American physician , a statesman and a veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
Company in 1891 .
Fireflight is an American Christian rock band formed in Eustis , Florida in 1999 .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids ( in three dimensions ) and the regular polygons ( in two dimensions ) .
In 1508 war resumed in Italy , this time against the Republic of Venice , which all the other powers with interests on the Italian peninsula , including Louis XII , Ferdinand II , Maximilian , and Pope Julius II joined together against as the ` League of Cambrai ' .
Also many prime time shows use an extensive amount of innuendo to the point it is rated TV PG\/14 D for dialogue .
Dudley 's plan to make Jane queen was starting to unfold .
Louis IX of France ( Saint Louis ) rebuilt the port in the 13th century as France 's only Mediterranean port at that time .
It is now understood that the reason that inert gases are completely inert to basic chemical reactions ( such as combustion , for example ) is that their outer valence shell is completely filled with electrons .
The 1980 represented a period of strength for the company , with Peter Jonas as general director , David Pountney as artistic director , and Mark Elder as music director , known as the '' Power House '' years .
Season 3 ( 1995-1996 ) Rito Revolto , Rita 's skeletal brother , later comes to Earth and , with the help from a group of monsters , manages to destroy the Rangers ' Thunderzords .
Chester Burton Atkins ( June 20 , 1924 -- June 30 , 2001 ) , better known as Chet Atkins , was an American guitarist and record producer who created , along with Owen Bradley , the smoother country music style known as the Nashville sound , which expanded country 's appeal to adult pop music fans as well .
John F. Kennedy International Airport is an international airport located in Queens County , on Long Island , in New York City about 12 m southeast of Lower Manhattan .
Dimmu Borgir 's following full-length albums Spiritual Black Dimensions in 1999 and 2001 's Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia , both met critical acclaim .
Tayac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Timpani heads are sized based on the size of the head , not the size of the timpani bowl .
Roger II of Sicily takes Susa and Sfax in Tunisia .
The Parsis ( Zoroastrians ) are a very small minority concentrated in the larger cities and are almost exclusively engaged in business .
Robert Barton Englund ( born June 6 , 1947 ) is an American actor , best known for playing the fictional serial killer Freddy Krueger , in the Nightmare on Elm Street film series .
The main town is Kingston upon Thames and it includes Surbiton , Chessington , New Malden and Tolworth .
In 2003 , guqin music was proclaimed as one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO .
Events and trends 1541 Hernando de Soto was the first known European to see the Mississippi River .
Valo was also the drummer for the Daniel Lioneye project .
In his blog he admits that he did , in fact , acquire both but has since sold them .
The lyrics come from '' Defense of Fort McHenry '' , a poem written in 1814 by the 35-year-old lawyer and amateur poet , Francis Scott Key , after witnessing the bombardment of Fort McHenry by the British Royal Navy ships in Chesapeake Bay during the Battle of Fort McHenry in the War of 1812 .
Accurate information concerning its location can be found in this NASA paper with heliocentric coordinates of both probes extrapolated up to 2015 .
The Kelly Gang robbed the Euroa branch of the National Bank of Australia stealing over # 2,000 which was the most successful bushranger raid to that point .
The Importance of Being Earnest is a comic play by Oscar Wilde .
In the episode , Mr. Burns wishes to pursue other interests and therefore decides to sells his power plant to two German investors for $ 100 million .
In 1847 he married Harriet Moore ( 1829 -- 1884 ) , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
Cotonou is the economic capital of Benin , as well as its largest city .
The main difference between Bramante 's design and that of the Pantheon is that where the dome of the Pantheon is supported by a continuous wall , that of the new basilica was to be supported only on four large piers .
SmartDefense Advisor is a service also available in the free version of ZoneAlarm that helps the user with certain types of alerts .
Badeshi is an Indo-Iranian language spoken in the upper reaches of the Bishigram Valley ( Chail ) , east of Madyan , Swat , Kohistan in Northern Areas of Pakistan .
Initially , it was explained that , due to its non-corrodible nature , gold essentially chokes their respiratory systems .
It was only after further exploration that it was realized that these two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped .
June 25 & ndash ; The Sea Beggars capture the city Gorkum .
Wizardry V : Heart of the Maelstrom ( FM Towns , PC-8801 , PC-9801 , SNES , PC Engine , C64 )
It is a 40-day Christian devotional designed to strengthen marriages .
Dutch :
It rapidly weakened and dissipated on September 17 , and later brought precipitation to southern part of the U.S. state of Texas
Barber , Trial of the Templars , p. 62 .
Jumping or leaping is a form of locomotion or movement in which an organism or non-living ( e.g. , robotic ) mechanical system propels itself through the air along a ballistic trajectory .
The film is a film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Morton Freedgood ( writing under the pseudonym John Godey ) , and is a remake of the original 1974 film adaptation , which was also remade in 1998 as a TV movie .
Marcella Detroit ( born Marcella Levy , June 21 , 1959 , Detroit , Michigan ) is a singer , musician and songwriter .
Layer 1 is on an average 0.4 km thick .
Paul Michael London ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The 4,010-m Guanjiao tunnel is the longest tunnel from Xining to Golmod and the 3,345-m Yangbajing tunnel is the longest tunnel from Golmod to Lhasa .
The second single from Ciara : The Evolution , the first single in Europe , '' Like a Boy '' , was released on February 13 , 2007 in the U.S. . The single was the second to be released in the UK with an April 9 , 2007 release date .
Grand Duke Vytautas of Lithuania is granted increased autonomy by King Jogaila of the Poland -- Lithuania union .
Some disagreements a court may decide are whether a person is guilty of a crime , who is the legal owner of property , or who the children of two divorced parents should live with .
Albert Schweitzer ( 14 January 1875 & ndash ; 4 September 1965 ) was a Franco-German ( Alsatian ) theologian , organist , philosopher , and physician .
In some sports such as soccer and baseball , the head coach is usually called a manager , whilst in other sports such as Australian rules football they are generally termed a senior coach .
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
Within the Australian Region there are five different official Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers ( TCWC ) who assign names to tropical cyclones .
Reasons for early closure Although RfA has no specific minimum requirements , in general the community looks for certain basic levels of contributions without which an RfA is certain to fail .
Insaf Party ( Justice Party ) , was a Muslim political party .
Keystone is located at .
In 1993 he had a trial for Vauxhall Motors FC , and was about to sign a deal with them until a bust-up with manager Alex Tannin over regulation bootlaces .
The Monsterican Dream is a 2004 album by Lordi .
From 1515 to 1523 , the Habsburg government in the Netherlands also had to contend with the Frisian peasant rebellion , led first by Pier Gerlofs Donia and then by his nephew Wijerd Jelckama .
The campus ' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university : '' California State Polytechnic University , Pomona '' and '' Cal Poly Pomona '' .
the male 's scrotum is in front of the penis ( unlike rodents ' , which is behind ) ; and
This particular Meowth , belonging to Team Rocket , the anime 's major antagonists , is one of the few Pokémon that have the ability to speak human language .
Jonah ( ; , Y nus or , Y n n ; ) is the name given in the Hebrew Bible ( Tanakh\/Old Testament ) to a prophet of the northern kingdom of Israel in about the 8th century BC , the eponymous central character in the Book of Jonah , famous for being swallowed by a fish .
It was the first probe to encounter Saturn and the second to fly through the asteroid belt and by Jupiter . Due to power constraints and the vast distance of the probe , communication has been lost since November 30 , 1995 .
Around 500,000 years ago seismic activity diverted a nearby stream which began to cut down into the sediments , revealing seven main layers in the walls of the gorge .
Married with a clear Prenuptial agreement on sharing power , and under the joint motto , tanto monta , monta tanto .
Felanitx is an old town 48 kilometres from the capital Palma , dating back to the 13th century during the Catalan conquest of the island .
In 1967 , following the dissolution of the Orchestre de la Société des Concerts du Conservatoire , conductor Charles Munch was called on by the Minister of Culture , André Malraux , and his music director , Marcel Landowski to create a new orchestra in Paris .
Many of the old Inca walls were at first thought to have been lost after the earthquake , but the granite retaining walls of the Qoricancha were exposed , as well as those of other ancient structures throughout the city .
Formation of new continental crust is linked to periods of intense orogeny or mountain building ; these periods coincide with the formation of the supercontinents such as Rodinia , Pangaea and Gondwana .
Albin Pelak ( born April 9 , 1981 in Novi Pazar ) is a Bosnian football player .
In 1979 , he became a legislative assistant to Missouri Senator John Danforth and in 1981 was appointed Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Education .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , high-throughput protein characterization , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
Clint Eastwood plays the title role , in his first outing as San Francisco Police Department Inspector '' Dirty '' Harry Callahan .
Battle of Tumu Fortress : The Oirat Mongols defeat the Ming Dynasty army and capture the Zhengtong Emperor of China ; the latter is officially deposed while his brother ascends as the Jingtai Emperor the next year .
It is spread from the lowest to the highest note .
Silver was replaced by John Mayhew before the recording of Trespass .
Collections of hymns are known as hymnals or hymnbooks .
Construction was delayed for one year , as government offices which were located over the station had to be moved before the construction could start .
Queen Victoria was married to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha son of Duke Ernst I of the small German duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Ohio State is currently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as the best public university in Ohio , among the top 130 universities in the world , among the top 60 universities in the United States , and among the top 20 public universities in the United States . Ohio State has been officially designated as the flagship institution of Ohio 's public universities by the newly centralized University System of Ohio .
Bagnator is situated on the Abbottabad-Nathi Gali Road some 20 kilometres away from Abbottabad .
'' Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
Sepiadariidae contains seven species and 2 genera ; all the rest are in Sepiidae .
The 2002 FIFA World Cup , the 17th staging of the World Cup , was held in South Korea and Japan from 31 May to 30 June .
Located in a region called Planalto Central , or Central Plateau , the Federal District is divided in 20 administrative regions .
At night , Bruce becomes Batman , Gotham City 's vigilante protector .
The Epistle of Paul to Titus , usually referred to simply as Titus , is one of the three Pastoral Epistles ( with 1 Timothy and 2 Timothy ) , traditionally attributed to Saint Paul , and is part of the New Testament .
Soil science is the study of soil as a natural resource on the surface of the earth including soil formation , classification and mapping ; physical , chemical , biological , and fertility properties of soils ; and these properties in relation to the use and management of soils .
Kung Fu Panda 2 ( originally Kung Fu Panda 2 : Pandamonium , then Kung Fu Panda 2 : The Kaboom of Doom , and finally , just Kung Fu Panda 2 ) is an upcoming animated film and the sequel to the 2008 film , Kung Fu Panda .
The Nickelodeon shows were removed in 2004 in favor for a return to an exclusively-Nick Jr. block .
The unit , led by Jack Lambert , Mel Blount , Jack Ham and Mean Joe Greene , gave up fewer points than any other American Football Conference team in Pittsburgh 's Super Bowl seasons of 1974 and 1975 .
The population of the county is mainly Hakka ; there is a Taiwanese aboriginal minority in the southeastern part of the county .
As a sexual orientation , heterosexuality refers to '' an enduring pattern of or disposition to experience sexual , affectional , physical or romantic attractions primarily to persons of the opposite sex '' ; it also refers to '' an individual 's sense of personal and social identity based on those attractions , behaviors expressing them , and membership in a community of others who share them '' .
Chemical similarity ( or molecular similarity ) refers to the similarity of chemical elements , molecules or chemical compounds with respect to either structural or functional qualities , i.e. the effect that the chemical compound has on reaction partners in anorganic or biological settings .
Six other eucalypt species exceed 80 metres in height : Eucalyptus obliqua , Eucalyptus delegatensis , Eucalyptus diversicolor , Eucalyptus nitens , Eucalyptus globulus and Eucalyptus viminalis .
