From 1579 on the region belonged to Saxony , and after 1815 it was divided between the Prussian Province of Saxony and Schwarzburg-Sondershausen .
He ended his international career after an injury forced him to be replaced in a quarter-final game with Sweden at Euro 2004 .
SunSoft , HP , IBM and USL announced CDE in June 1993 as a joint development within the Common Open Software Environment ( COSE ) initiative .
Success ( 1977 ) told the story of two foster-brothers , Gregory Riding and Terry Service , and their rising and falling fortunes .
The most important collection of Schiele 's work is housed in the Leopold Museum , Vienna .
It has been alleged that a second , deeper metro system codenamed '' D-6 '' designed for emergency evacuation of key city personnel in case of nuclear attack during the Cold War exists under military jurisdiction .
They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
He was also Big Ten conference MVP in baseball in college and later played for the Major League Baseball Cincinnati Reds .
Singles match 14:52 4 Evolution ( Randy Orton , Batista and Ric Flair ) defeated The Rock 'n' Sock Connection ( The Rock and Mick Foley ) .
The Violent Femmes are an American alternative rock band , formed in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in 1980 .
In 1946 , fifty years after the opera 's premiere , Toscanini conducted a performance of it on radio with the NBC Symphony Orchestra . This performance was eventually released on records and on Compact Disc .
'' Fame '' is a song recorded by David Bowie , initially released in 1975 and in remixed versions , in 1990 .
North London Central Mosque in Finsbury Park , London was built in the 1990s to serve the large Muslim population in the area .
See Japan Soccer League Cup .
in Wayne A. Meeks et al .
CHORUS x2 We 'll lay down our souls and bodies to attain our freedom , And we 'll show that we , brothers , are of the Cossack nation .
Michael Tilson Thomas became music director in 1995 , coming from the London Symphony Orchestra .
Mercury ( II ) oxide , also called mercuric oxide or simply mercury oxide , has a formula of HgO .
Icing can also be waved off if , in the officials ' opinion , the defending team had a viable opportunity to play the puck before crossing the goal line .
Agency is a city in Wapello County , Iowa , United States .
Categorizing talk pages by who has edited them is unhelpful , and the same information can be found by using your contributions list .
New evidence based on accurate optically stimulated luminescence and Uranium-thorium dating of megafaunal remains suggests that humans were the ultimate cause of the extinction of megafauna in Australia .
Mios is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Dodge was the first to develop a modern V10 engine , originally designing a version of its LA series small block for use in trucks .
The Capital market ( Equities ) segment of the NSE commenced operations in November 1994 , while operations in the Derivatives segment commenced in June 2000 .
According to several journalists who studied Opus Dei separately , most of the criticisms against Opus Dei are mere myths created by its opponents , and Opus Dei is considered a sign of contradiction .
The start of the game was announced as a surprise to the contestants , who were told that they would be participating in the clothes on their backs , most believing they were getting publicity shots prior to the contest , and that no additional supplies would be given to them .
Year 24 ( XXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Nouakchott is built around a large tree-lined street , Avenue Abdel Nasir , which runs northeast through the city center from the airport .
In most contexts , the shorter name '' pound '' is used , but this can introduce confusion with the mass unit of the same name .
Thomas James '' Tom '' Vilsack ( ; born December 13 , 1950 ) is an American politician , a member of the Democratic Party , and presently the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture .
In bacteria , carbon monoxide is produced via the reduction of carbon dioxide by the enzyme carbon monoxide dehydrogenase , an Fe-Ni-S-containing protein .
Despite considering it their first album upon released , the band now considers Mate .
This category contains articles about taxa at the order level in the class Actinopterygii , the ray-finned fish . The ray-finned fish contain most of the species of fish and these are divided into 46 orders .
Since late 2006 the chart has included legal downloads .
Sainte-Honorine-du-Fay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Périssac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Pix was first coined in 1932 in a Variety magazine headline , as an abbreviation for the word pictures , in reference to movies .
Roy R. Behrens - Art and Camouflage : An Annotated Bibliography
Taking the square root of a number is such a common mathematical operation , that the spot on the root sign where the exponent would normally be written for cubic roots and other such roots , is left blank for square roots , as it is considered tacit .
Park won admission to the Daegu Teacher 's Gymnasium , which was a favored high school for prospective primary teachers .
It was still served as a beverage , but the Europeans added cane sugar to counteract the natural bitterness and removed the chili pepper while retaining the vanilla , in addition they added cinnamon as well as other spices .
Ray Emery ( born September 28 , 1982 ) , often nicknamed Razor and Sugar Ray , is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender , currently with the Anaheim Ducks .
Originally a talk given March 6 , 1927 at Battersea Town Hall , under the auspices of the South London Branch of the National Secular Society , it was published that year as a pamphlet and was later published , with other essays , in the book , Why I Am Not a Christian : And Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects ( ISBN 0-671-20323-1 ) .
In Asia , masala crab and chilli crab are examples of heavily spiced dishes .
In 2005 , he received the George Arents Pioneer Medal- Syracuse 's highest alumni award- '' for excellence in public affairs . ''
The highest point in the county , at , is Ebrington Hill on the border with northernmost Gloucestershire , at its southwest extremity .
Below is a list of known South Atlantic tropical cyclones .
Kengo Ishii is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Ehime F.C. .
Examples of host defenses include the toxins produced by plants to deter parasitic fungi and bacteria , the complex vertebrate immune system , which can target parasites through contact with bodily fluids , and behavioral defenses .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
In criminal law , rape is an assault by a person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person 's consent .
Helseth started to play trumpet at the age of 7 and studies at the Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo .
It is about a group of baby boomer college friends who reunite after 15 years due to the death of a friend .
The British Rail Class EF1 ( Electric Freight 1 ) was a class of electrically powered locomotives used by British Rail in England .
Francis Albert '' Frank '' Sinatra ( ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer and actor .
A switch is an individual who plays in either role .
The two most common allotropes are white phosphorus and red phosphorus .
The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch ( ) utilizes an array of science fiction concepts and features several layers of reality and unreality .
Newfoundland In 1816 he was invited to be Chief Justice of Newfoundland , and was sworn in at St. John 's in July , 1816 .
Contacts with multiple protocols can be grouped into one single contact instead of managing multiple protocols and contacts can be given aliases as well or placed into groups .
Rattle was born in Liverpool , the son of Pauline Lila Violet ( Greening ) and Denis Guttridge Rattle , a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserves .
An acute overdose of ginger is usually in excess of about 2 grams of Ginger per kilogram of body mass , dependent on level of ginger tolerance , and can result in a state of central nervous system over-stimulation called ginger intoxication or colloquially the '' ginger gitters '' .
It is the principal broadcasting outlet for the BBC 's archive of spoken-word entertainment , and was established primarily to enable the contents of the BBC Sound Archive to be broadcast .
Front-back vowel harmony is an important feature of Hungarian phonology .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Tensions with '' Oyster Bay Roosevelts '' Although Roosevelt was always in the good graces of her uncle , Theodore Roosevelt , the pater familias of the Oyster Bay Roosevelts , as the Republican branch of the family was known , she often found herself at odds with his eldest daughter , Alice Roosevelt .
The natural environment , commonly referred to simply as the environment , is a term that encompasses all living and non-living things occurring naturally on Earth or some region thereof .
In professional sports , a free agent is a team player whose contract with a team has expired , and the player is able to sign a contract with another team if that player is chosen .
Approximately % of New Zealand 's population lives in the North Island .
Death At the start of the 1967 Tour de France , Simpson was optimistic he could make an impact .
Harriot believes that the only important characteristic of a lover is his merit , which , to her , is his ability to become financially successful .
Considering the London Underground is the oldest rapid transit service running , Baker Street station is the oldest subway station in the world .
The current population is approximately 8,000 .
Fasciola hepatica , also known as the common liver fluke or sheep liver fluke , is a parasitic flatworm of the class Trematoda , phylum Platyhelminthes that infects liver of various mammals , including humans .
The crust is similar to that of an English muffin , and the pizza is often cooked in an electric oven .
Barack Obama is inaugurated as the 44th , and first African American , President of the United States .
By the early 1900s , thousands of acres of eucalypts were planted with the encouragement of the state government .
They mainly eat lichens in winter , especially reindeer moss .
The magnitude of a mathematical object is its size : a property by which it can be compared as larger or smaller than other objects of the same kind ; in technical terms , an ordering ( or ranking ) of the class of objects to which it belongs .
Vasoactive intestinal peptide ( VIP , also polypeptide ) is a peptide hormone containing 28 amino acid residues and is produced in many areas of the human body including the gut , pancreas and suprachiasmatic nuclei of the hypothalamus in the brain .
Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer and , by some , the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
Although they can not see color , they can perceive the polarization of light , which enhances their perception of contrast .
The Union Council of Nathia Gali is divided into the following areas : Bagan , Donga Gali , Jhansa , Keri Sarafali , Lassan , Malach , Nathiagali and PasalaNathia Gali Union Council .
The instrument used to perform gas chromatography is called a gas chromatograph ( or '' aerograph '' , '' gas separator '' ) .
For Wikipedia 's policy on page protection , see .
'' Flamingo Fatality '' won the Great Manhattan Mystery Conclave Short Story Anthology Contest in 2005 , and her 2005 short story '' Lucky Bear '' placed first in the Storyteller Magazine Flash Fiction Contest .
Ytres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
While the Agreement was repudiated and condemned by Unionists , it was said to become the basis for developing trust and common action between the governments , which in time would ultimately bring about the Downing Street Declaration of 1993 , and the subsequent republican and loyalist cease-fires .
He died on May 19 , 1992 at the age of 39 , one day after a Red Cross transport he was escorting was attacked in the former Yugoslavian city of Sarajevo .
He anticipated such concepts as punctuated equilibrium ( in Tempo and mode ) and dispelled the myth that the evolution of the horse was a linear process culminating in the modern Equus caballus .
In their special challenge , though skeptical about her fire-making abilities , Stephenie narrowly defeated Bobby Jon , securing her place in the game and Bobby Jon is eliminated .
Animal Crossing , known as in Japan , is a life simulation video game developed by Nintendo EAD and published by Nintendo .
Between the ages of two and five Stallone was boarded in Queens , and he only saw his parents on the weekends .
Gold worth billions of today 's dollars was recovered , which led to great wealth for a few .
Warendorf is a Kreis ( district ) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Heading some 80 k west up this valley one reached the Mintaka Pass , ( and 30 k further , the alternative Kilik Pass ) , which both led into upper Hunza from where one could travel over the infamous rafiqs or '' hanging passages '' to Gilgit and on , either to Kashmir , or to the Gandharan plains .
He was the eldest son of Cleopatra VII , and possibly the only son of Julius Caesar , for whom he was named . Caesarion was born in Egypt in 47 BC .
In his 2001 article '' Real Liberals versus The West Wing '' , Mackubin Thomas Owens wrote ,
It includes an inbound intrusion detection system , as well as the ability to control which programs can create outbound connections .
In 1948 , she was forced into political exile in Mexico after the Costa Rican Civil War and died there .
Sales of the CD32 in Europe were not enough to save Commodore , and the bankruptcy of Commodore International in April 1994 caused the CD32 to be discontinued only months after its debut . During its short life the Amiga CD32 shifted approximately 100,000 units .
They are photosynthetic like plants , and '' simple '' because their tissues are not organized into the many distinct organs found in land plants .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman et al .
World of Warcraft shares the Warcraft title with the Warcraft series of real-time strategy games , is set in that series ' world of Azeroth , and has similar art direction .
It differs from fantasy in that , within the context of the story , its imaginary elements are largely possible within scientifically established or scientifically postulated laws of nature ( though some elements in a story might still be pure imaginative speculation ) .
Carver 's mother worked on and off as a waitress and a retail clerk .
Three former PayPal employees created YouTube in February 2005 .
He has written three books in The Icemark Chronicles : The Cry of the Icemark , Blade of Fire and Last Battle of the Icemark .
Barley is a cereal grain derived from the annual grass Hordeum vulgare .
It was formed in Cairo on March 22 , 1945 with six members : Egypt , Iraq , Transjordan ( renamed Jordan after 1946 ) , Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , and Syria .
However , some languages also allow other sounds to form the nucleus of a syllable , such as the syllabic l in the English word table ( the stroke under the l indicates that it is syllabic ; the dot separates syllables ) , or the r in Serbian vrt '' garden '' .
In 1920 , sales figures for '' Crazy Blues , '' an Okeh Records recording by singer Mamie Smith ( no relation ) pointed to a new market .
They may , furthermore , encircle their arms with a depiction of the circlet ( a circle bearing the motto ) and the collar ; the former is shown either outside or on top of the latter .
During the following years , traders from Portugal , the Netherlands , England , and Spain arrived , as did Jesuit , Dominican , and Franciscan missionaries .
Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight , taking a break from touring and releasing a satire music video of a song from a fictional band titled The Nappies while recording their third album .
Guarbecque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
White Mountain is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
His books are not only instructions but also aesthetic treatises based on the spiritual culture of Japan .
On August 3 , Alex passed within 10 mi ( 16 km ) of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , and the western portion of its eyewall moved over land .
season = 2009 -- 10
When Schmeling arrived in New York in June , 1938 for the rematch , he was accompanied by a Nazi party publicist who issued statements that a black man could not defeat Schmeling , and that when Schmeling won , his prize money would be used to build tanks in Germany .
Dayton is also noted for its association with aviation ; the city is home to the National Museum of the United States Air Force .
Fazlul Huq died on Friday , April 27 , 1962 at 10:20 am at an age of 89 years and 6 months .
Thouarsais-Bouildroux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Chun was initially sentenced to death , which was later commuted to a life sentence .
Waterloo station , also known as London Waterloo , is a major railway terminus in central London , owned and operated by Network Rail .
Given this caveat , here is a list of approximate tree lines from locations around the globe : Location Approx .
Bancourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Iron Cross of the Second World War was divided into three main series of decorations with an intermediate category , the Knight 's Cross , instituted between the lowest , the Iron Cross , and the highest , the Grand Cross .
Hardy gained attention for his high risk stunts in the TLC matches in the year 2000 , 2001 , and 2002 .
The Encyclopedia Americana Grolier Incorporated , 1988 , p. 34 The first nome was roughly where modern Aswan is and the twenty-second was at modern Atfih ( Aphroditopolis ) , just to the south of Cairo .
This is a list of references used by the Timeline of spaceflight WikiProject .
Plaice is sometimes used as the fish in fish and chips , in countries where the dish is popular .
Burke and Wills also went through the area in 1861 on the journey north towards the Gulf of Carpentaria .
Jennifer Kate Hudson ( born September 12 , 1981 ) is an American recording artist , actress and model .
Billericay ( ) is a small commuter town in Essex , England with a population of 40,000 .
March 3 & ndash ; 173 people are killed in a crush while trying to enter an air-raid shelter at Bethnal Green tube station in London .
After completing Romeo Must Die , Aaliyah filmed her part in Queen of the Damned .
Some stars may even be close to 13.7 billion years old -- the observed age of the universe .
South-eastern states of Styria , Carinthia as well as Burgenland in the east have fewer Muslims whose numbers are below the national average .
A landlocked country , the Republic of Macedonia is bordered by Serbia and Kosovo to the north , Bulgaria to the east , Greece to the south and Albania to the west .
In the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .
The black-and-white checkered bottom derives from the coat of arms of the family of Torgow , who owned the area around Zossen until 1478 .
For example , the set of all characters for 9-point Bulmer italic is a font , and the 10-point size would be a separate font , as would the 9 point upright .
The most basic type of client-server architecture employs only two types of hosts : clients and servers .
An astronomical unit ( abbreviated as AU , au , a.u. , or sometimes ua ) is a unit of length roughly equal to the mean distance between the Earth and the Sun .
The European Portuguese pronunciation is .
The '' pocket battleships '' and were important as commerce raiders only in the opening year of the war .
This article is about the astronomical body .
Lee left the band , and Enon went on to release Hocus Pocus in 2003 , and a collection of singles and previously difficult to find internet-released songs with a bonus DVD entitled Lost Marbles and Exploded Evidence in February 2005 .
The 1989 International Obfuscated C Code Contest ( IOCCC ) included an entry by Brian Westley .
Nitrous oxide , commonly known as happy gas , laughing gas , and nozz , is a chemical compound with the chemical formula N2O .
The professional head of the Naval Service is the First Sea Lord , an Admiral and member of the Defence Council .
Michael Trucco -- Samuel T. Anders
altitudine maxima 1849 m , altitudine minima 89 population_as_of = 2002
Dera Ismail Khan ( ) is one of the 24 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The show was well received by critics and audiences alike , spawning a spin-off series ( Angel ) , which featured three episodes in which she guest starred .
Kamakura Period ( 1192-1333 ) 83 1198 to 1210 Emperor Tsuchimikado Tamehito Traditional dates .
José Carlos Bauer , commonly known as Bauer ( November 21 , 1925 & ndash ; February 4 , 2007 ) was a former Brazilian football player and manager .
No new events have been added to the men 's athletics program since the 1952 addition of the short racewalk .
The show 's 270 episodes have been successfully syndicated worldwide , and have earned 28 Emmy Awards from a then-record 117 nominations .
The bird 's range surrounds the Amazon countries into the Andes foothills and higher elevations of upstream river systems , but is not along the Amazon River proper in the central Amazon Basin , or the central upper Basin ; it is in Brazil at the river 's outlet , and upstream for about 500 km .
Moe is the owner and operator of Moe 's Tavern .
Kyneton ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
There are 3 rail tracks in the station .
David Moore , Robin Beck , and Christopher Rodning , '' In Search of Fort San Juan : Sixteenth Century Spanish and Native Interaction in the North Carolina Piedmont '' , Warren Wilson College Archaeology Home Page , 2004 , accessed 26 Jun 2008 However the following year the Indians killed the Spanish and burned the fort .
The Epistle of Paul to Titus , usually referred to simply as Titus , is one of the three Pastoral Epistles ( with 1 Timothy and 2 Timothy ) , traditionally attributed to Saint Paul , and is part of the New Testament .
Internet standards documents ( RFC 1033 , RFC 1912 Section 2.1 ) specify that '' Every Internet-reachable host should have a name '' and that such names are matched with a reverse pointer record .
His father ( Thomas ) worked as a stonemason and local builder .
Taking inspiration from the New York Mets , which references '' Metropolitans '' , Toye took it a step further : Cosmopolitans , or Cosmos .
As well as Zwijndrecht proper , the municipality includes the villages of Burcht .
It has long played an important role in human societies .
When Faustina died in 141 , Antoninus was greatly bereaved .
There are two basic types of feather : vaned feathers which cover the exterior of the body , and down feathers which are underneath the vaned feathers .
They have achieved success with a unique brand of upbeat , danceable synthpop , and haunting ballads backed with electronic rhythms , winning awards and top-10 spots in Germany and Scandinavia .
Civitan International - Kurt Warner PSAs On October 24 , 2006 , he was featured in a political advertisement opposing a bill supporting embryonic stem cell research in Missouri .
The three of them embarked on an epic journey to Asia , returning after 24 years to find Venice at war with Genoa ; Marco was imprisoned , and dictated his stories to a cellmate .
The Bengali-language originals included intricate subplots and extended monologues .
Stevenson 's research was the subject of Tom Shroder 's Old Souls : The Scientific Evidence for Past Lives (/O1999/O) and Jim B. Tucker 's Life Before Life : A Scientific Investigation of Children 's Memories of Previous Lives (/O2005/O) .
The Opel Zafira is a compact MPV produced by KPK and Opel , a General Motors subsidiary .
Patrick George Troughton ( 25 March 1920 - 28 March 1987 ) was an English actor most widely known in his role as the second incarnation of the Doctor in the long running British science-fiction television series Doctor Who , which he played from 1966 to 1969 , reappearing in 1973 , 1983 and 1985 .
Eno was convinced in part because of his own preferences for digital music from the iTunes Store rather than CDs as well as the success of Radiohead 's In Rainbows from 2007 .
Marie Antoinette ( pronounced ; ; ) ; ( Vienna , 2 November 1755 -- Paris , 16 October 1793 ) was an Archduchess of Austria and Queen of France and of Navarre .
Fossil Mysticeti had teeth before baleen evolved .
This order has a more democratic character than the exclusive Order of the Bath or the Order of St Michael and St George , and in its early days was not held in high esteem .
Of all extant tetrapods , the parietal eye is most pronounced in the tuatara .
Historically , Siberia was defined as the whole part of Russia to the east of Ural Mountains , including the Russian Far East .
Duncan Steel , Gerhard Hahn , Mark Bailey , and David Asher carried out projections of its long term dynamical evolution , and found a good probability that it will become an Earth-crosser asteroid , and may spend a quarter of its life in such an orbit .
Widely praised for her eye for fashion trends and support for younger designers , her aloof and demanding persona has earned her the nickname '' Nuclear Wintour '' and alienated some associates .
QWERTY is the most common modern-day keyboard layout .
With their dark and gloomy sound and image , Bauhaus are generally considered the first gothic rock group .
'' G8 '' can refer to the member states or to the annual summit meeting of the G8 heads of government .
In 2003 actor Mel Gibson , himself a traditionalist Catholic , brought Anne Catherine Emmerich 's vision to prominence again as he used the Dolorous Passion as an additional source for his movie The Passion of the Christ .
Old St. Peter 's Basilica was the fourth-century church begun by the Emperor Constantine between 326 and 333 AD .
Cable News Network , almost always referred to by its initialism CNN , is a U.S. cable news channel founded in 1980 by Ted Turner .
Along with Shubra El-Kheima , Cairo and Helwan , the 4 cities form the Province of Greater Cairo metropolis .
Ankara also serves as the capital of Ankara Province .
The main island is made up of many small towns , which together form one metropolitan area with a population of 368,250 ( majority of the population of the island ) according to Eurostat .
It was adopted in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Ceylon , The Rt Hon D.S. Senanayake .
It was written by Knowles , Kasseem '' Swizz Beatz '' Dean , Sean Garrett , Angela Beyincé and Stayve Thomas , and produced by Knowles and Swizz Beatz for the 2006 film The Pink Panther , in which Knowles co-stars .
Poughkeepsie is a city in the state of New York , United States , which serves as the county seat of Dutchess County .
Black Rock is a city in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States , along the Black River .
Night of Champions is a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Ticket prices were as high as $ 15 , at least 50 % higher than most regular movie tickets in 2008 .
Universidade Federal da Grande Dourados ( UFGD ) ( Federal University of Dourados Region ) ;
Perturbed by Hamlet 's continuing deep mourning for his father and his increasingly erratic behavior , Claudius sends for two of Hamlet 's acquaintances - Rosencrantz and Guildenstern- to find out the cause of Hamlet 's changed behavior .
Lucy and Edmund hide in the wardrobe while playing hide-and-seek , and find that it leads again into Narnia .
He rose to international prominence as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002berliner-philharmoniker .
Sarah Louise Palin ( ; née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 ) is an American politician who served as Governor of the state of Alaska from 2006 until 2009 and was the Republican candidate for Vice President of the United States in 2008 .
A parody mass is a musical setting of the mass , typically from the 16th century , that uses multiple voices of another pre-existing piece of music , such as a fragment of a motet or a secular chanson , as part of its melodic material .
It is the oldest school in Singapore .
Along with Miss Universe and Miss World contests , Miss Earth is one of the three largest beauty pageants in the world in terms of the number of national-level competitions to participate in the world finals and is one of the most publicized beauty contests in the world .
Sustainability has become a wide-ranging term that can be applied to almost every facet of life on Earth , from local to a global scale and over various time periods .
Versions of Internet Explorer for other operating systems have also been produced , including an embedded OEM version called Internet Explorer Mobile , which is currently based on Internet Explorer 7 .
Usually they are placed between the Book of Acts and the General epistles .
Brother Bear is a American traditionally animated feature produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures , the 44th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics .
RPG Maker , known in Japan as , is the name of an expansive series of programs for the development of role-playing games ( RPGs ) , first created by the Japanese group ASCII , then succeeded by Enterbrain .
Terry , Don ( Chicago Tribune staff reporter , '' The calm after the storm '' , Chicago Tribune Magazine , p 10 , September 16 , 2001 , June 8 , 2008 Ayers earned a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American studies in 1968 .
He currently plays for K-League side Pohang Steelers .
Do not bias discussions by asking for supporters from other places ( meatpuppetry ) .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland 's national stadium .
The Investiture Controversy or Investiture Contest was the most significant conflict between Church and state in medieval Europe .
Louis '' Studs '' Terkel ( 16 May 1912 -- 31 October 2008 ) was an American author , historian , actor , and broadcaster .
Food exports include coffee , macadamia nuts , pineapple , livestock , and sugarcane .
Sanrio 's best known character is Hello Kitty , a white cat with red bow and no visible mouth , one of the most successful marketing brands in the world .
Other tribes include Jadoons , Syeds , Awans , Kashmiris , Mughals , Awan Qazi Subdivisions The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas : Banda Bazdar , Bandi Shoalian , Dhamtour , Guldhok , Jaswal , Nagaki , and Ukhreela .
Anna Maria Bligh ( born 14 July 1960 ) is an Australian politician and the current Premier of Queensland .
Adyghe language ( , adygabze , ad g bz ) is one of the two main languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation .
In 1931 , he formed a National Government in which a majority of MPs were from the Conservatives . As a result , he was expelled from the Labor Party , which accused him of '' betrayal '' .
Cogners is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
This was partly due to its being a 2.3 category race on the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) calendar .
Harris , Stephen L. , Understanding the Bible .
The Phanerozoic is divided into three eras : the Paleozoic , Mesozoic , and Cenozoic .
It has a statutory requirement to classify videos , DVDs and some video games under the Video Recordings Act 2010 .
He currently plays for the J. League team Yokohama F. Marinos .
The significance of angular unconformity ( see below ) was shown by James Hutton , who found examples of Hutton 's Unconformity at Jedburgh in 1787 and at Siccar Point in 1788 .
Moreover he claimed individuals were able judge whether external ideas and actions as true or just .
The two major islands , Viti Levu and Vanua Levu , account for 87 % of the population .
The National Mall is accessible via Washington Metro , with the Smithsonian station located on the south side of the Mall , near the Smithsonian Institution Building , and between the Washington Monument and Capitol .
Blimps are used for advertising and as TV camera platforms at major sporting events . The most iconic of these are the Goodyear blimps .
He won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Flames in 1989 and then again in 1997 with the Red Wings , where he also won the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP .
Konzum joined the Agrokor group in 1994 .
The nonlinear layer in Rijndael uses an 8x8 S-box whereas Serpent uses eight different 4x4 S-boxes .
The storyline within the Dark Forces is set in the Star Wars fictional universe and follows the character Kyle Katarn .
, and later definitions of an ecumenical council appear to conform to this sole biblical Council , no Christian church calls it a mere ecumenical council , instead it is called the '' Apostolic Council '' or '' Council of Jerusalem '' .
The award is named for Bobby Dodd , longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified .
Tennis is a sport usually played between two players ( singles ) or between two teams of two players each ( doubles ) .
The surface dwelling nudibranch , Glaucus atlanticus is a specialist predator of siphonophores , such as the Portuguese Man O ' War .
So each commune in France does not only have one figure for the population , but several ; for example students may be counted both where they study and where they live when not actively studying .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN recognizes this as the proper authority .
Iranian women ( or Persian women ) in this article refers to women of , or from , traditional Persian or modern Iranian culture .
Liam Fox , MP ( born 22 September 1961 ) is a British Conservative Party politician , currently the Secretary of State for Defense of the United Kingdom and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Somerset .
An official press release showing an image of the device appeared on January 18 , 2007 .
It is divided into the peripheral units of Florina , Grevena , Kastoria , and Kozani .
King Valdemar I of Denmark ( b. 1131 )
Shays ' Rebellion was an armed uprising in central and western Massachusetts ( mainly Springfield ) from 1786 to 1787 .
Three years later , the Steve Miller Band returned with the album Fly Like An Eagle , which charted at # 3 .
Electronic Gaming Monthlys 100th issue had Tetris in first place as '' Greatest Game of All Time '' . In 2007 , Tetris came in second place in IGN 's '' 100 Greatest Video Games of All Time '' .
Some of the key topics that spurred development of the field have been the evolution of enzyme function , the use of nucleic acid divergence as a '' molecular clock '' to study species divergence , and the origin of non-functional or junk DNA .
Finnish state is the biggest owner in the company .
Saint-Jean-des-Essartiers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
After visiting some of them , most notably Wade Stadium in Duluth , he started contacting potential owners to start the league .
Jesus , through a process of uniting his human form to the Divine , became entirely One with His Divine Soul from the Father to the point of having no distinction of personality .
Oxford University Press is the second largest city in the state of Victoria , Australia and is the largest regional centre in the state .
She then dated Nicholas Tse in early 2002 , but then split with Tse late that year when Tse got back with his ex-girlfriend , singer Faye Wong .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
The town is south of Dorchester and north of the Isle of Portland .
The season was near average , with eight storms forming .
She paid for her education by working odd jobs , including as a driver , a pharmacy manager , a telephone operator , and a typist . She also earned money sweeping the floors of a local bank , and from 1930 until 1932 , she lived in New York City , working as a secretary and an X-ray technician .
Montlevon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They played at the Jersey Live Festival on September 2 , 2006 before their second UK tour which began in November 2006 .
The primary trinity included Tinia , Uni and Menrva .
A harmonium and handclaps were added on the 16th of July .
The following week on Raw , Heyman appeared alongside ECW superstar , Balls Mahoney , who was booked to face Cena in a singles match .
William Martin '' Billy '' Joel ( born May 9 , 1949 ) is an American musician and pianist , singer-songwriter , and classical composer .
The regions of Semigallia and Selonia are sometimes considered as part of Courland .
The Schulze method is a voting system developed in 1997 by Markus Schulze that selects a single winner using votes that express preferences .
Hero of Alexandria ( c. 10 -- 70 AD ) built a mechanical theater which performed a play lasting 10 minutes and was operated by a complex system of ropes and drums that might be considered to be a means of deciding which parts of the mechanism performed which actions and when .
All inmates had to work in the associated arms factories , except on Sundays , which were reserved for cleaning and showering .
He was Constable of France from 1370 to his death .
But the red-green coalition also failed to get a majority , with the SPD losing votes , but polling 34.2 % and the greens staying at 8.1 % .
He won the FIFA World Cup in 1990 as a player and coached the national team to second place at the 2002 World Cup .
Mariss Jansons succeeded Maazel as the PSO 's Music Director from 1997-2004 , and maintained the high artistic reputation of the orchestra .
Asylum (/O2001/O) ( TV )
Biography Early years Pitney was born in Hartford , Connecticut .
A firework is a low explosive pyrotechnic device that is used primarily for aesthetic and entertainment purposes .
The movie is inspired by Charles Dickens ' novel Oliver Twist , which has been adapted many other times for the screen .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
_ Metcalf-Lindenburger
Steel is a mixture of Iron and between 0.3 % to 1.7 % Carbon by weight .
The enraged Count calls for his people and for weapons : his servant is seducing his wife .
Baldur is a village in the Canadian province of Manitoba , located in the Rural Municipality of Argyle . Baldur is the largest community of the municipality , which is in southwestern Manitoba between Brandon and Portage la Prairie .
Web color '' lime '' ( X11 Green ) The web color named lime actually corresponds to the green primary of an RGB display : it has a different HTML color code ( # 00FF00 ) .
Naib , the title given to the leader of a Fremen community in Frank Herbert 's science fiction Dune universe
Coin evidence and the work of later Roman historians have provided the names of some of the rulers of the disparate tribes and their machinations in what was Britannia .
Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
In parts of the United States erotic dancers wear pasties in strip clubs to comply with laws against full toplessness ; these range from pasties which cover the areola , to band-aids which are wrapped only around the nipples .
The goldfields were originally named '' Black Ridge '' , and the name '' Forbes '' celebrating Sir Francis Forbes was declared from Sydney as the result of a possible government administrative error , it is said that the name was meant for the town now known as '' Hill End '' between Orange and Mudgee , New South Wales where gold was discovered around a similar time .
The cubic metre ( US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 ) is the SI derived unit of volume .
The Group of Eight ( G8 , and formerly the G6 or Group of Six ) is a forum , created by France in 1975 , for the governments of six major economies : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
It was created as an administrative district on July 1 , 1992 , prior to which it was a Tehsil of Bannu District .
The rare instances in which he is shown without his cap , he has a bright red-to-auburn Jewfro , a hairstyle he seems to resent .
The marriage of church-and-state in Puritanism makes them regard the Quakers as spiritually apostate and politically subversive .
In 2005 , the museum was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $ 20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation , made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg .
It was named for Queen Charlotte , the queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom .
The politics of Saint Pierre and Miquelon take place within a framework of a parliamentary representative democratic French overseas collectivity , whereby the President of the Territorial Council is the head of government , and of a multi-party system .
Buffalo is located on the eastern end of Lake Erie , opposite Fort Erie , Ontario in Canada , and at the beginning of the Niagara River , which flows northward over Niagara Falls and into Lake Ontario .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice ( Milly ) and Jessica Ellis ( Becky ) on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody ( 2006 -- 2008 ) .
Graham announced at that time , '' I 'm out of politics . ''
They are also known as otemoto or o-temoto , a phrase commonly printed on the wrappers of disposable chopsticks .
However it was not until 19 October 1922 that the coalition was dealt its final blow .
Life Born in Camprodon , Albéniz was a child prodigy who first performed at the age of four .
Today , a shrine and museum in the church 's basement , known as the Liberty Bell Museum , marks the spot where the bell was hidden .
Another work of this period , Et exspecto resurrectionem mortuorem , was commissioned as a commemoration of the dead of the two World Wars , and was performed first semi-privately in the Sainte-Chapelle , then publicly in Chartres Cathedral with Charles de Gaulle in the audience .
Parallelism is a term in geometry and in everyday life that refers to a property in Euclidean space of two or more lines or planes , or a combination of these .
'' One Little Miracle '' Acoustic featuring Amy Grant -- 3:04
An eraser ( US ) or rubber ( UK ) is an article of stationery that is used for rubbing out pencil and also for pen mistakes .
Mississauga Aeros ( 2006-07 as IWHL affiliate , Toronto Aeros 2003-06 , Beatrice Aeros 1998-2003 )
From 1917 to 1922 , the predecessor to the Soviet Union was the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( RSFSR ) , which was an independent country , as were other Soviet republics at the time .
In 1905 , Mack Trucks moved to Allentown , beginning Allentown 's focus on heavy industrial manufacturing .
The Congress of Vienna restored Salzburg to the milder Austrians in 1814 , and ecclesiastical life was again normalised by Archbishop Augustus John Joseph Gruber ( reigned 1823-1835 ) .
Even though Boston still lost , coach Art Ross ' maneuver was described as '' amazing '' the following day , and this technique , known as '' open net '' , caught on with the rest of the league .
A greenhouse ( also called a glasshouse or hothouse ) is a building where plants are cultivated .
The province is subdivided into 16 districts ( amphoe ) . The districts are further subdivided into 124 subdistricts ( tambon ) and 1393 villages ( muban ) .
The first principal was Colin Prentice , followed by his deputy Allan Macdonald .
The Cruiserweight Champion , Chavo Guerrero , was the final entrant and pinned Mysterio with a reversal of Mysterio 's Sunset Flip to win with the assistance of his father Chavo Guerrero , Sr. , thus retaining the title .
Events By place Roman Empire Tiberius , under order of Augustus , quells revolts in Germania ( 1 -- 5 ) .
The sedimentary rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure , and the metamorphic rock can be weathered , eroded , deposited , and lithified , becoming a sedimentary rock . Sedimentary rock may also be re-eroded and redeposited , and metamorphic rock may also undergo additional metamorphism .
Peppermint was first described in 1753 by Carolus Linnaeus from specimens that had been collected in England ; he treated it as a species , but it is now universally agreed to be a hybrid .
The brain and spinal cord together make up the central nervous system .
; Greg Welts ( # 3 ) Active : 1997 - 1998 Instruments : custom percussion , backing vocals Release contributions : Slipknot demo ( 1998 ) After the departure of Colsefni , Greg Welts was recruited to fill the spot left on percussion and backing vocals .
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( UNOCHA ) , is a United Nations body formed in December 1991 by General Assembly Resolution 46\/182 .
Their closest living relatives are the much smaller seriema birds .
Croatia ( ; ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Republika Hrvatska ) , is a country located in Central and Southeastern Europe , at the crossroads of Western Europe , the Pannonian Plain , the Balkans , and the Mediterranean Sea .
This means that whenever a new year arrives and the inflation tables are updated , all articles using this template have their displayed values updated accordingly .
His constant attendant , Edith Wilson took over many routine duties and details of government .
Adams was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1959 as a player .
Possession of stock gives the investor ownership in the company in proportion to the number of shares the investor owns .
The Indian Rhinoceros ( Rhinoceros unicornis ) is also called Greater One-horned Rhinoceros and Asian One-horned Rhinoceros and belongs to the Rhinocerotidae family .
However , Kelly has said , '' Song writing is mysterious to me .
Opacity ( optics ) , the degree to which light is blocked .
He was born in Brooklyn , New York and has lived in Los Angeles , California since he was 2 years old .
He declined to return to Australia and did not testify during the inquest .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and the digital satellite , digital terrestrial , IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland .
Crosswords DS ( also known as CrossworDS ) and as Nintendo presents : Crossword Collection in PAL regions is a puzzle video game by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
It was shot in a village in Pakistan and won 7 awards , including Best Film , Best Actress and Best Direction at the 56th Locarno International Film Festival , Switzerland Swiss honour Pakistani movie BBC News , August 18 , 2003 .
A law school ( also known as a school of law or college of law ) is an institution specializing in legal education .
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss manufacture of prestige watches and a brand of the Richemont group .
Carbon dating of rock art found in caves in the Drakensberg suggests that the first known inhabitants of the Durban area arrived from the north around 100,000 BC .
February 18 & ndash ; Amda Seyon I , Emperor of Ethiopia begins his campaigns in the southern Muslim provinces ( possibly in 1329 ) .
OpenOffice.org comprises a collection of applications that work together closely to provide the features commonly included in modern office suites .
He was knighted by King George VI in the 1941 New Year Honours , and received both the Copley Medal and the Royal Medal of the Royal Society .
All carnivorous dinosaurs ( the theropods ) are saurischians , as are one of the two primary lineages of herbivorous dinosaurs , the sauropodomorphs .
George Wythe ( 1726 -- June 8 , 1806 ) was an American lawyer , a judge , a prominent law professor and '' Virginia 's foremost classical scholar . ''
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 , and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 2 .
It is the oldest of the original nine English public schools defined by the Public Schools Act 1868 .
While the municipality itself ( city center ) has a population ( as of ) of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
The only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was taken out of winter storage , but its engine was frozen and would not start .
The town is also home to the University of St Andrews , the third oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of the UK 's most prestigious .
The lineup during the band 's late 80s\/early 90s heyday included singer-guitarist Bilinda Butcher and bassist Debbie Googe after the band settled in London .
The usage of this term , however , generally does not take into account the many other non-communist states allied with the '' Free World '' during the Cold War , most notably in South America , Asia and Africa , many of which have been criticised as repressive and dictatorial .
In addition , an ODBC interface called MyODBC allows additional programming languages that support the ODBC interface to communicate with a MySQL database , such as ASP or ColdFusion .
That trend continued for over 48 hours , and Gordon increased in strength gradually , becoming a Category 2 hurricane .
Materials to be recycled are either brought to a collection center or picked up from the curbside , then sorted , cleaned , and reprocessed into new materials bound for manufacturing .
It was believed that tobacco is a gift from the Creator and that the exhaled tobacco smoke carries one 's thoughts and prayers to heaven .
It is the innermost large asteroid : no asteroid closer to the Sun has a diameter above 25 kilometres or two-elevenths that of Flora itself , and not until the tiny 149 Medusa was discovered was a single asteroid orbiting at a closer mean distance known .
The 1999 season began with a collective bargaining agreement between players and the league , marking the first collective bargaining agreement to be signed in the history of women 's professional sports .
Due to the financial support of businessman Brooks Mileson , the club were promoted through the Scottish leagues from the Third Division side to the Scottish Premier League in less than five years .
A closed numbering plan , such as found in North America , imposes a fixed total length to numbers .
Tanais appears in ancient Greek sources as both the name of the river and of a city on it , situated in the Maeotian marshes .
The pups are allowed to leave the burrow at three weeks old .
Initial news reports speculated that the crash had been an accident until Flight 175 crashed into the South Tower at 09:03 .
Pauling was among the first scientists to work in the fields of quantum chemistry and molecular biology .
It is one of the largest macropods , being only slightly smaller than the Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) and the Eastern Grey Kangaroo ( Macropus giganteus ) .
ISBN 084930900X These have been chosen to be similar to many real-world monitors and viewing conditions , so that even without color management rendering is fairly close to the specified values .
The 2009 10 Scottish Premier League season will be the twelfth season of the Scottish Premier League .
Pyinmana ( , ; population : 100,000 ( 2006 estimate ) ) is a logging town and sugar cane refinery center in Mandalay Division of Myanmar .
Abdul Khader ( 7 April 1926 - 16 January 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Prem Nazir , was an Indian film actor .
Suchomimus ( '' crocodile mimic '' ) is a genus of large spinosaurid dinosaur with a crocodile-like mouth that lived 125 to 112 million years ago , during the Aptian stage of the Cretaceous period in Africa .
It was a habit of many Roman generals to choose from the ranks a private force of soldiers to act as guards of the tent or the person .
These include lightning , industrially through the Haber-Bosch Process , and combustion .
This is a list of fictional characters who appear in the Mario series of video games developed by Nintendo , as well as spin-off media , such as books , comics , and animated series .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. Blizzard of Ozz was a commercial success and was certified 4x Platinum in the U.S. , ( a feat Osbourne would again achieve with the release of No More Tears ) .
He was said to have been born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis , a small town about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens , which is nestled in the fertile valleys of western Attica , though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia .
As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; wind speeds as high as 320 km\/h ( 200 mph ) have been recorded .
This phrase became the motto of the University , later expanded to '' Princeton in the Nation 's Service and in the Service of All Nations '' .
Many snails are herbivorous , though a few land species and many marine species are omnivores or predatory carnivores .
September & ndash ; Battle of Inverlochy : Donald Balloch defeats the Royalists .
The British Rail Class 303 electric multiple units , also known as '' Blue Train '' units , were introduced in 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and the Cathcart Circle lines in Strathclyde .
( See release history )
They are the simplest form of sugar and are usually colorless , water-soluble , crystalline solids .
Its elongation led to the suggestion that Eunomia may be a binary object , but this has been refuted .
Outcomes Its School of Cognitive Science was the first interdisciplinary undergraduate program in cognitive science and has few peers .
After being rejected by many American record labels they signed with Columbia\/CBS Records Canada and began recording their first album March 20 , 1980 with Mike Reno on lead vocals , Paul Dean as the guitarist , Scott Smith as the bassist , Doug Johnson on keyboards and Matt Frenette on drums .
Eoraptor was one of the world 's earliest dinosaurs .
Note that the sum of the residuals within a random sample is necessarily zero , and thus the residuals are necessarily not independent .
The main language spoken is Spanish , although the Aymara and Quechua languages are also common .
Despite erratic league form with highs and lows during this period , including a further relegation and promotion , Napoli had some cup success when they beat SPAL to lift the Coppa Italia in 1962 , with goals from Corelli and Pierluigi Ronzon .
In 1913 his father rejoined his regiment at Aldershot , where the family moved into Stonehurst , a large , furnished bungalow on top of a hill .
Authors Each chapter has a number of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material .
Collector is also famous for the controversial sculpture Dreamers Gate by Tony Phantastes built between 1993 and 1997 to commemorate , among other things , his father 's life .
The UK government 's Department for Education reported in 2006 that 47 percent of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional mathematics , and 42 percent fail to achieve a basic level of functional English .
The lower boundary ( starting point ) has not been officially recognized by the International Commission on Stratigraphy , but it is usually set to 3.8 Ga , at the end of the Hadean Eon .
Any time back pain or another form of chronic pain is present , both the pain and the sleep problems should be treated simultaneously , as pain can lead to sleep problems and vice versa .
Royal Caribbean International is a Norwegian \/O/ American cruise line brand based in Miami , Florida and owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. .
Upon her father 's death in 1909 , Jenkins inherited a sum of money which allowed her to take up the singing career that had been discouraged by her parents and former husband .
Campeche derives from the name of the Mayan city of Kan pech , which became today 's San Francisco de Campeche .
'' Life on the Fast Lane '' , also known as '' Jacques To Be Wild '' , is the ninth episode of The Simpsons first season , which originally aired on March 18 , 1990 .
Bettles is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
It was an above average season in which 19 tropical depressions formed .
It is written in Python and C , with a graphical frontend using PyGTK and a text frontend using python-newt .
Beetles in the families of the Scarabaeoidea have short , thick larvae described as scarabaeiform , but more commonly known as grubs .
In the episode , Marge tells the story of how she and Homer first met and fell in love .
The team withdrew from motor sport , including Formula One , at the end of the season .
At age 19 she married Daniel Parke Custis , a rich planter two decades her senior .
Fiennes was born in Ipswich , Suffolk , England , into an English aristocratic family , the son of Jennifer Lash ( 1938 - 1993 ) , a writer , and Mark Fiennes ( 1933 - 2004 ) , a farmer and photographer whose father was industrialist Sir Maurice Fiennes ( 1907 - 1994 ) .
The language of Licchavi inscriptions is Sanskrit , and the particular script used is closely related to official Gupta scripts , suggesting that India was a significant cultural influence .
In January 1630 the rupture became final , and Kirsten retired to her estates in Jutland .
Unlike vertebrates , the complex motor skills of octopuses are not organized in their brain using an internal somatotopic map of its body , as is the motor system in vertebrates Some octopuses , such as the mimic octopus , will move their arms in ways that emulate the shape and movements of other sea creatures .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
The Minnesota Twins are an American professional baseball team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Holdenville is a city in Hughes County , Oklahoma , United States .
Wind gusts from Erin were minor across the state , peaking at 35 mph ( 55 km/h ) at Palacios with an unofficial report of 39 mph ( 63 km/h ) at Jamaica Beach .
Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Windows 98 is the successor to Windows 95 .
Church offers them a mission in Vilena , a fictional island in between the Gulf of Mexico and South America , to overthrow a brutal dictator , General Garza ( David Zayas ) .
Japan has to import a large amount of it from : Mainland China , Ali Mountain of Taiwan , and New Zealand .
This is discussed in depth in Solomon , chapter 1 .
The Russian language is the most frequently spoken foreign language in Mongolia , followed by English , though English has been gradually replacing Russian as the second language .
Laroque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
Nicholson is a keen sports fan , regularly to be seen in courtside seats at Los Angeles Lakers basketball games at Staples Center and the former Great Western Forum .
The empire had strong trading links with China and Southeast Asia .
The flag was adopted in 1914 but flown for the first time only at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium .
Several transient features were observed , such as the '' whaleback , '' which comprised long shafts of solidified magma being extruded by the pressure of magma beneath .
Her French tutor Pierre Gilliard said Maria was tall and well-built , with rosy cheeks .
The garden was established in 1544 under Cosimo I de ' Medici as the first university botanical garden in Europe , and entrusted to the famous botanist Luca Ghini of Imola .
In the indigenous language , participants called it iki haveve , or '' belly-don ' t know , '' meaning , roughly , '' dizziness . ''
The length of day and night could be re-programmed to compensate for the changing lengths of day and night throughout the year .
Maidstone is the county town of Kent , England , 32 m south-east of London .
Boxing , kickboxing , amateur wrestling , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .
Dasheen ( also called '' eddo '' ) is another '' dryland '' variety of C. esculenta grown for its edible corms or sometimes just as an ornamental plant .
Rochester In 1885 Helena made plans to move to New York to join her sister Lena and her husband .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al Ain FC won the championship .
These sources are at times considered contemporary because German and Ustase sources tend to exaggerate , but the comparison of all different sources can give a reliable portrait of the historical truth .
Jessie Alice '' Jessica '' Tandy ( June 7 1909 -- September 11 1994 ) was an English - American stage and film actress .
As an action-oriented organization , it must be neutral , specializing in development aid , technical assistance , and loans .
Brampton , Ontario
The James Norris Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's top '' defense player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-round ability in the position '' .
Benedict Arnold V ( - June 14 , 1801 ) was a general during the American Revolutionary War .
Grenay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Such balk spaces define areas of the in which a player may only score up to a threshold number of points while the are within that region .
He bought his first camera at the age of 17 and made short films while studying animation at Cinémation Studios .
Through stimulating public transport it is possible to reduce the total transport cost for the public .
He is widely regarded as one of the leading conductors of the 20th century .
Montviette is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
High-density polyethylene , embossed with the number 2 on consumer plastics
Badshah Munir Bukhari and the Director Khowar Academy , Rehmat Aziz Chitrali worked on the language and its family .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
In bicycling , a race with stages is known as a stage race .
The new agreement provides for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 agreement , and runs until December 31 , 2012 .
Context may also refer to :
Guglielmo is distraught while Ferrando turns Guglielmo 's earlier gloating back on him .
Common tablespoons intended for use as cutlery ( called dessert spoons in the UK , where a tablespoon is always a serving spoon ) usually hold slightly less than a tablespoonful .
In 1828 the explorer Charles Sturt was sent by the Governor of New South Wales , Sir Ralph Darling , to investigate the course of the Macquarie River .
Among the four heavenly kings in the 1990s , Kwok was generally known to have the best image.Dailynews.sina.com .
Some are designed for use with constructed languages , although several of them are used in linguistic experimentation or for other more practical ends in existing languages .
Without the key defense that these T cells provide , the body becomes susceptible to opportunistic infections that otherwise would not affect healthy people .
Edouard Louis Joseph , Baron Merckx ( born 17 June 1945 in Meensel-Kiezegem ) , better known as Eddy Merckx , is a Belgian former professional cyclist .
In Greek mythology , Nike ( , pronounced ) was a goddess who personified victory , also known as the Winged Goddess of Victory .
Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS ( born 8 August 1931 ) is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .
It is in this book that we meet Juniper , Grover 's wood-nymph girlfriend , who is sobbing hysterically as The Council of Cloven Elders ' decide that Grover has been searching far too long for the god Pan so they give him a week to find Pan , and if he does n't , his searcher 's license will be revoked .
The total area is 56.46 km , giving a population density of 93 inhabitants per km .
Likewise , of the group of molluscs known as the cephalopods , there are approximately 600 extant species and 7500 extinct species .
The Mali Federation gained independence from France on June 20 , 1960 .
Dufour works on the side as a guitar instructor , offering lessons through Skype as well .
On 17 July 2006 , the Keck-10m II telescope and its Laser guide star Adaptive Optics ( AO ) system indicated a bilobated shape for Hektor .
In the first flashback showing Alvy as a child , we learn he was raised in Brooklyn ; his father 's occupation was operating a bumper cars concession and the family home was located below the Thunderbolt roller coaster on Coney Island .
Sommelans is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Douala is the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Province .
David Van Cortlandt Crosby ( born August 14 , 1941 ) is an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
The foolish raven blamed his tardiness on the water snake .
For example , they can be presented as incomplete statements or mathematical equations .
On 22 April , 600 prisoners revolted ; 520 were killed and 80 escaped .
Because of its good ratings it was granted an extended run through the end of 2007 .
These names were taken from a patriotic poem ( waka or tanka ) , Shikishima no Yamato-gokoro wo hito towaba , asahi ni niou yamazakura bana by the Japanese classical scholar , Motoori Norinaga .
A monarch is the person who heads a monarchy , a form of government in which a country or entity is usually ruled or controlled by an individual who normally rules for life or until abdication , and typically inherit the throne by birth .
Some of his most noted films are Midnight Cowboy , Lenny , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , and Wag the Dog .
In some parts of the United States , many people who were considered non-white were disenfranchised , barred from government office , and prevented from holding most government jobs well into the second half of the twentieth century .
Lummen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Full protection prevents editing by everyone except administrators .
Batu Khan and the Golden Horde sack the Ruthenian city of Kiev .
Enso-Gutzeit Oy was founded in the 19th century in Norway as W. Gutzeit & Co. by Wilhelm Gutzeit , the half-brother of industrialist Benjamin Wegner .
According to U.S. Census Bureau estimates , the five fastest-growing cities of any size between 2000 and 2008 were Saratoga Springs ( 1,501 % ) , Herriman ( 1,061 % ) , Eagle Mountain ( 934 % ) , Cedar Hills ( 209 % ) , and Lehi ( 146 % ) .
Japan re-enters into a tributary relationship with Ming Dynasty China .
Hurricane San Ciriaco also lasted almost a month . The hurricane was tied with Hurricane Ginger for the longest on record .
Lead ( II ) oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula PbO .
The Wonder Girls ( Korean : ) are a South Korean girl group .
However so far the Constitutional court has only used this power twice , outlawing the SRP ( Socialist Reichs Party , a successor to the NSDAP ) in 1952 , and the KPD ( Communist Party of Germany ) in 1956 .
Ixion is a plutino ( an object that has a 2:3 orbital resonance with Neptune ) and a dwarf planet candidate ; its diameter of 650 km estimated by Spitzer makes it about the fifth largest plutino .
GRUB can be set to automatically load a specified kernel after a user defined timeout .
In the end , Katie avoided the possible tie and joined Caryn , Ian , and Tom in blindsiding Gregg 4-2 .
Portsmouth has been rated as the 5th best modern university in the UK by The Times Good University Guide and 60th overall .
The plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation .
In 1831 , Reuter began to attend lectures on jurisprudence at the University of Rostock , and in the following year went to the University of Jena .
__ NOTOC __
She is the daughter of actor John Aniston and actress Nancy Dow .
Eddyville is a city in Lyon County , Kentucky , United States .
John Philip '' Jack '' McFarland was a fictional character on the American television sitcom Will & Grace , played by Sean Hayes .
In 1977 , Vollach transferred from Hapoel Haifa , along with former international player and club captain Yitzhak Englander , to local city rivals Maccabi Haifa .
March 4 & ndash ; A diamond rush in South Africa includes trained athletes that have been hired by major companies to stake claims .
The song also features a backwards guitar solo after the first chorus .
There is also the Village of Mount Pleasant in Racine County .
Orne is a department in the northwest of France , named after the river Orne .
The endorsement test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an endorsement of religion , thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
'' Fame '' is a cover version by the band God Lives Underwater of the 1975 David Bowie song '' Fame '' .
That year , she was also crowned the first '' Miss California Artichoke Queen '' at the annual artichoke festival in Castroville .
René is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Skeptics challenge the statement that Cayce demonstrated psychic abilities , and traditional Christians also question his unorthodox answers on religious matters ( such as reincarnation and Akashic records ) .
Homework , or homework assignment , refers to tasks assigned to students by their teachers to be completed mostly outside of class , and derives its name from the fact that most students do the majority of such work at home .
Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Bladen County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Paka also caused light damage in the Northern Mariana Islands , and overall the typhoon caused no reported fatalities .
All stories originally written in the English language and published in an American or Canadian periodical are eligible for consideration .
Throughout her career , many of her songs have hit number one on the record charts , including '' Like a Virgin '' , '' Papa Do n't Preach '' , '' Like a Prayer '' , '' Vogue '' , '' Frozen '' , '' Music '' , '' Hung Up '' , and '' 4 Minutes '' .
Narseh 's wife would live out the remainder of the war in Daphne , a suburb of Antioch , serving to the Persians as a constant reminder of Roman victory .
Presidents in this system are either directly elected by popular vote or indirectly elected by an electoral college .
Thinking machines and artificial beings appear in Greek myths , such as Talos of Crete , the bronze robot of Hephaestus and Pygmalion 's Galatea .
The younger sister of professional tennis players Valeria and Alyona Bondarenko , she was born in Kryvyi Rih , Ukraine , then part of the Soviet Union .
Thirteen nations made their first Olympic appearance in 1952 : The Bahamas , China , Gold Coast ( now Ghana ) , Guatemala , Hong Kong , Indonesia , Israel , Netherlands Antilles , Nigeria , Soviet Union ( USSR ) , Thailand , and Vietnam .
The prognosis is poor , with fewer than 5 % of those diagnosed still alive five years after diagnosis .
Born in York , he attended St Peter 's School in York and Trinity College , Cambridge .
With IE7 , Internet Explorer has been decoupled from the Windows Shell- unlike previous versions , the Internet Explorer ActiveX control is not hosted in the Windows Explorer process , but rather runs in a separate Internet Explorer process .
This initial period of high velocity product formation is referred to as the '' Burst Phase '' .
It is mainly a deep-level line , running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1 , with a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts .
It is at the junction of the A38 and A61 .
It is often considered a branch of political science ( especially after 1988 UNESCO nomenclature ) , but an important sector of academia prefer to treat it as an interdisciplinary field of study .
Gin is a spirit flavoured with juniper berries .
The Buddha , His Life and Teachings In most Buddhist traditions , he is regarded as the Supreme Buddha ( P. samm sambuddha , S. samyaksa buddha ) of our age , '' Buddha '' meaning '' awakened one '' or '' the enlightened one . ''
Conditions were not ideal for development , but it quickly developed banding features and well-defined outflow , and was upgraded to a tropical storm and named Tropical Storm John later that day .
The archipelago contains the islands of Gorgona , Capraia , Elba ( the largest island of the group ) , Pianosa , Montecristo , Giglio , and Giannutri ; all of which are protected as part of the Tuscan Archipelago National Park .
Specific types of clients include web browsers , email clients , and online chat clients .
In fact they had been doing some work for a local farmer and he had lent the boys the horse to ride home on .
Gunnedah ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
Kevin Anthony Jance Nolan ( born 24 June 1982 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains Newcastle United in the Premier League .
Garden City , New York : Doubleday & Co. , 1977 .
The huckleberry is the state fruit of Idaho .
Salta is a province of Argentina , located in the northwest of the country .
Responding to the extreme weather conditions experienced in the Park , many animals are active only at particular times of the day or night or at particular times of the year .
iBluegrass.com .
It is named after Psamathe , one of the Nereids .
Sloth ( also accidie , acedia ) -- Laziness ; idleness and wastefulness of time allotted .
May 13 & ndash ; WWII : German Afrika Korps and Italian troops in North Africa surrender to Allied forces .
The band were wanting to make the album shorter than 42 minutes .
The area of the towns Eupen and Malmedy went to Belgium despite a plebiscite to the contrary .
An award-winning singer , she accumulated twenty number one country hits during the 1970s and 1980s .
It is named ` Olympic ' in recognition of the work of Glyn Johns and Eddie Kramer at Olympic Studios in London .
bar :12 color : powderblue from :1928 till :1948 text : Creighton ( 1928-1948 ,1977 - present )
The star itself is of apparent magnitude 5.49 , and so is visible from the Earth with binoculars , or with the naked eye under dark sky conditions .
Bonloc ( Basque Lekuine ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Most of the recipes were illustrated with colored engravings , and it was the first book to show recipes in a format that is still used today .
Each month , Vogue publishes a magazine addressing topics of fashion , life and design .
Toudon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In biology , a filament is a long chain of protein subunits , such as those found in hair , muscle , or in flagella .
Ruslan diqov
After the announcement , on October 12 , 1995 , confirmation came from Dr. Geoffrey Marcy from San Francisco State University and Dr. Paul Butler from the University of California , Berkeley using the Hamilton Spectrograph at the Lick Observatory near San Jose in California .
The Enabling Act was passed by the Reichstag on March 3 .
Of those eight hurricanes , four were major hurricanes because they peaked as Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Speed Racer is a 2008 American live action film adaptation of the 1960s Japanese anime series of the same name .
History Glenrowan was named after farmers James and George Rowan who ran farms in the area between 1846 and 1858 .
One Day Travelcards and validity on other transport modes were added from 1984 onwards .
He was educated at and played for Kyoto Commercial High School and Kokushikan University .
The first Ten Tors event is held in Dartmoor .
While the ring of the Golden Age Green Lantern ( Alan Scott ) was magically powered , the rings worn by all subsequent Lanterns were technological creations of the Guardians of the Universe , who granted such rings to worthy candidates .
The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini illustrates the Gorgon 's eventual transformation into a beautiful woman .
Fly to the Sky officially debuted on November 21 , 1999 at the LOG-IN H.O.T. Concert and SM Festival Concert ' 99 .
Rainy Day Music ( 2003 ) , the band 's last studio album to date , was stripped down , more acoustic , and generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots ( '' Tailspin , '' '' Stumbling Through the Dark , '' '' You Look So Young '' ) .
Arsenic trioxide is the inorganic compound with the formula As2O3 .
There was no initial opening ceremony , instead the normal timetable started on Sunday September 1 , 1968 .
Friedrich '' Fritz '' Walter ( 31 October 1920 -- 17 June 2002 ) was a German footballer .
The melody and lyrics were written by Saya Tin , and adopted as the Burmese national anthem in 1947 .
Timur appoints his son Miran Shah as Timurid viceroy of present-day Azerbaijan .
England is then given Dunkirk for their assistance in the win .
In other tuning systems , '' semitone '' refers to a family of intervals that may vary both in size and name .
The United States funded STS development and shuttle operations .
Guru Nanak Guru Nanak may be referred to by many other names and titles such as Baba Nanak or Nanak Shah .
In 1984 this was partially replaced by the new 1983 stock , the displaced 1972 stock being transferred to the Bakerloo line .
An acetate ( IUPAC name : ethanoate ) is either a salt or an ester of acetic acid .
The true date of its founding is uncertain , but believed by most accounts to have been 1088 .
The British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) , originally British Board of Film Censors , is a non-governmental organization , funded by the film industry and responsible for the national classification of films within the United Kingdom .
It is a Minnesota State Historic Site .
The Ancient Greeks covered their bread with oils , herbs and cheese .
The Verkhovna Rada was first established in 1938 as the national parliament of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , Brett J. Gladman , et al .
The Saharan pump has been used to date four waves of human migration from Africa , namely :
The term endpoint is occasionally used to incorrectly refer to the pipe because , while an endpoint exists on the device permanently , a pipe is only formed when the host makes a connection to the endpoint .
First base , or 1B , is the first of four stations on a baseball diamond which must be touched in succession by a baserunner in order to score a run for that player 's team .
Overall morphology , the fossil record , molecular analyses , and biogeography all support this relationship .
The Island of Hawaii , also called the Big Island or Hawaii Island ( in English and or in Hawaiian ) , is a volcanic island ( the eastern-most and southern-most in the Hawaiian islands chain ) in the North Pacific Ocean .
Shota Arai is a former Japanese football player .
The most important oxidation states of uranium are uranium ( IV ) and uranium ( VI ) , and their two corresponding oxides are , respectively , uranium dioxide and uranium trioxide .
History The riyal has been the currency of Saudi Arabia since the country came in to being and was the currency of Hejaz before Saudi Arabia was created .
He was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland H. Hartwell and R. Timothy Hunt for their discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin dependent kinases .
Frost 's mother joined the Swedenborgian church and had him baptized in it , but he left it as an adult .
A total of 512 Class 47s were built at Crewe Works and Brush 's Falcon Works , Loughborough between 1962 and 1968 , which made them the most numerous class of British mainline diesel locomotive .
and MTV , frequent main stage appearances at major festivals such as Ozzfest , Download and even the mainstream Sziget Festival , and in turn a more '' commercial '' image .
Maicon Douglas Sisenando ( born 26 July 1981 in Novo Hamburgo ) , commonly known as Maicon , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Italian Serie A club Internazionale .
Carol was the first Atlantic hurricane name in history to be retired .
Career Along with his writing partner Josh Weinstein , Oakley was the executive producer and showrunner during the seventh and eighth seasons of the animated series , The Simpsons .
History Corte was the capital of the Corsican independent state during the period of Pasquale Paoli .
Christiania has been a source of controversy since its creation in a squatted military area in 1971 .
Rock formed almost entirely of calcic plagioclase feldspar ( see below ) is known as anorthosite .
It takes its name from being smaller than the nearby island of Majorca .
He took the Scala Orchestra to the United States on a concert tour in 1920\/21 ; it was during that tour that Toscanini made his first recordings ( for the Victor Talking Machine Company ) .
DNA sequence is enzymatically copied by RNA polymerase to produce a complementary nucleotide RNA strand , called messenger RNA ( mRNA ) , because it carries a genetic message from the DNA to the protein-synthesizing machinery of the cell .
Driving an open-wheel car is substantially different from driving a car with fenders .
In 1949 De Laurentiis married actress Silvana Mangano , with whom he had four children : Veronica , Raffaella , who is also a film producer , Federico , who died in a plane crash in 1981 , and Francesca . They divorced in 1988 prior to her death in 1989 .
A commercial harbour is located on Malé Island .
Jennifer Love Hewitt Biography ( 1979 - ) Hewitt grew up in Nolanville , Texas ; after the divorce of her parents , Hewitt and her older brother , Todd Hewitt , were brought up by her mother .
British businessman Bernie Ecclestone owned Brabham during most of the 1970s and 1980s , and later became responsible for administrating the commercial aspects of Formula One .
Deposition occurs when the forces responsible for sediment transportation are no longer sufficient to overcome the forces of particle weight and friction , which creates a resistant in motion .
When used as carrier pigeons in pigeon post a message is written on thin light paper and rolled into a small tube attached to the bird 's leg .
In 1996 it was the scene of the worst mass murder event in post-colonial Australian history .
Ceremonially , it includes the area covered by the South Gloucestershire unitary authority .
Murgenthal is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
He was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry , along with Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock , for his work from the early 1970s in the area of olefin metathesis .
In 1618 , Dutch East India Company captain Lenaert Jacobszoon and supercargo Willem Janszoon of the Mauritius landed in the area .
His most notable films include Reservoir Dogs (/O1992/O) , Pulp Fiction (/O1994/O) , Jackie Brown (/O1997/O) , Kill Bill ( 2003 -- 2004 ) , Death Proof (/O2007/O) and Inglourious Basterds (/O2009/O) .
An early account of a European encounter with yoghurt occurs in French clinical history : Francis I suffered from a severe diarrhoea which no French doctor could cure .
Sweden joined the European Union on 1 January 1995 .
In addition , she is ranked as the eighth best-selling female recording artist in the U.S. with 32 million copies of her albums certified by the RIAA , and is currently the fifth best selling artist act of the decade in the country , as well as the top selling female artist .
In the event , the American Civil Liberties Union interceded in behalf of the NSPA , in the case of the National Socialist Party of America v. Village of Skokie , wherein an Illinois appeals court raised the injunction issued by a Cook County Circuit Court judge , ruling that the presence of the swastika , the Nazi emblem , would constitute deliberate provocation of the people of Skokie .
Shankar was born 7 April 1920 in Varanasi to a wealthy and conservative Brahmin family of cultured Bengalis as the youngest of seven brothers .
Zhob River is used for irrigation in the Zhob district .
Upon his death , his generals and ministers were divided into two factions , each supporting one of his sons as heir .
Bile or gall is a bitter yellowish , blue and green fluid secreted by hepatocytes from the liver of most vertebrates .
Using poisoned arrows , Artemis killed Niobe 's daughters and Apollo killed Niobe 's sons , while they practiced athletics , with the last to die begging for their lives .
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance , California USA , spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street , a short distance west of Western Avenue .
Sir Ernest Alexander Campbell MacMillan , CC ( August 18 , 1893 & ndash ; May 6 , 1973 ) was an internationally renowned Canadian orchestral conductor and composer , and Canada 's only '' Musical Knight '' .
Many freezers also come equipped with an icemaker , which produces ice cubes automatically and stores them in a bin from which they can be dispensed directly into a glass .
A skeleton from Lama dei Peligni in the province of Chieti has been radiometrically dated to 6,540 bp .
In the closing sequence , all the Teletubbies say '' Bye-Bye '' three times .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than nearby New Guinea which limits the rainforest plants of that island from migrating across to Australia .
Bridgeview has recently become the home of the Chicago Fire professional Major League Soccer team , whose stadium was funded by the village of Bridgeview and is operated by the Fire 's parent company , Anschutz Entertainment Group .
The population was 480 at the 2000 census .
The column itself consists of four solid blocks of sandstone , three of which are decorated by cannon barrels captured from the enemies of the aforementioned three wars .
Later in that same year , after becoming popular in the Los Angeles rock scene , they secured a record deal with EMI .
Mikhail Yuryevich Lermontov ( ) , ( -- ) , a Russian Romantic writer , poet and painter , sometimes called '' the poet of the Caucasus '' , was the most important Russian poet after Alexander Pushkin 's death .
She was married to the President 's son , Abraham Van Buren .
For reference purposes , a particular permutation may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised , the positions being universally numbered 1 to 3 , from top to bottom , on the left , and 4 to 6 , from top to bottom , on the right .
For example , when Prince Frederick , Prince of Wales predeceased King George II , his eldest son , Prince George ( the future George III ) was created Prince of Wales .
She became the first African American woman to travel in space when she went into orbit aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavour on September 12 , 1992 . Mae Carol Jemison was born in Decatur , Alabama , the youngest child of Charlie Jemison and Dorothy Green .
Despite some claims of a Scottish Gaelic origin , Skilton , St J. '' The Survey of Scottish Gaelic in Australia and New Zealand '' , p. 300 , quoting a respondent to his survey : '' ` Bill ' = ` bile ' = ` lip or mouth ' and ` abong ' is from ` abhainn ' = ` river ' with a parasitic ` G ' added .
Their popularity rapidly climbed with the release of their second album The Promise in 2001 , which featured more diverse genres than its predecessor .
Grieg enrolled in the conservatory , concentrating on the piano , and enjoyed the many concerts and recitals given in Leipzig .
Soundgarden 's final release , a greatest hits collection entitled A-Sides , was released the following fall .
Research into the molecular and developmental biology of C. elegans was begun in 1974 by Sydney Brenner and it has since been used extensively as a model organism .
In tetrapods , the carpus is the sole cluster of bones in the wrist between the radius and ulna and the metacarpus .
Sunday is considered the first day of the week in some countries , including the United States and Japan , although today many countries such as the United Kingdom regard Sunday as the seventh day , at least in the working week and the civil week .
The Communists refused to turn over his body to his family for burial , and rumors persisted that he had in fact died of torture .
While in abstract terms a sovereign state can exist without being recognized by other sovereign states , unrecognised states will often find it hard to exercise full treaty-making powers and engage in diplomatic relations with other sovereign states .
Netbooks ( sometimes also called mini notebooks or ultraportables ) are a branch of subnotebooks , a rapidly evolving category of small , lightweight , and inexpensive laptop computers suited for general computing and accessing Web-based applications ; they are often marketed as '' companion devices '' , i.e. , to augment a user 's other computer access .
Bennington formed his own band , Dead by Sunrise as a side-project in 2005 .
The moon was recovered and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the Voyager 2 flyby in 1989 after which it received the additional designation S\/1989 N 2 on August 2 , 1989 .
The path to the grave is open to the public and is through a series of paddocks intersected by gateway sculptures and installations by local artists .
He would remain an MP until 1945 , 55 years later .
Le Verguier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Gernicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The man lies on his back while his partner lies off to the side of his legs .
Two years later , he accepted a position at Caltech as an assistant professor in theoretical chemistry .
Darryl hires an incompetent lawyer acquaintance , Dennis Denuto ( Tiriel Mora ) , but Dennis ' meager argument that the eviction goes against the '' vibe '' of the Constitution does not go well in court .
Clorox was supposed to be the main nemesis of the sketch and he was loosely based on Q from the Star Trek series .
Hostiaz ( formerly Hostias ) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Maglev , or magnetic levitation , is a system of transportation that suspends , guides and propels vehicles , predominantly trains , using magnetic levitation from a very large number of magnets for lift and propulsion .
Gunnedah is also home to AgQuip , Australia 's largest annual exhibition of agricultural equipment .
The following is a list of significant towns and places and their distance from Wetherby ; all are taken from Wetherby Town Hall , the shortest road distance is used .
Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents ( ; September 1 1889 - July 17 1937 ) was an Armenian writer , poet and public activist .
Marsonnas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
European arrival The first reported sighting of Tasmania by a European was on 24 November 1642 , by the Dutch explorer Abel Tasman .
Females of many species are known to be capable of reproducing asexually through thelytokous parthenogenesis and one species , Mycocepurus smithii is known to be all-female .
Produced by Timbaland , it peaked at number fifteen on the UK and Netherlands charts , and at number sixty on the German chart .
Teams compete annually for the Ray Miron President 's Cup .
The Armenian Air Defense is the anti-aircraft branch of the Armed Forces of Armenia .
Ophelia ( ) is a moon of Uranus .
It was directed by Darrell Rooney and Lynne Southerland , and features Mulan , and her new fiancé , General Shang , on a special mission : escorting the Emperor 's three daughters across the country to meet their soon-to-be fiancés .
It is the capital of both the department of Marne and the region of Champagne-Ardenne , despite being only a quarter the size of the city of Reims .
It is named ARSE ( Animal Research , Scientific and Experimental ) .
Battle of Dormans : Roman Catholic forces under Duke Henry of Guise defeat the Protestants , capturing Philippe de Mornay among others .
His most famous achievement was predicting the existence and position of Neptune , using only mathematics .
The All-American Rejects are an American rock band formed in Stillwater , Oklahoma in 1999 .
Has the second lowest career goals against average with 1.93 behind Alex Connell 's 1.91 .
There are two species of camels : the dromedary or Arabian camel has a single hump , and the Bactrian camel has two humps .
Denzel Hayes Washington , Jr. ( born December 28 , 1954 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , director and film producer .
Australia has participated in every summer Olympic Games of the modern era , and every Commonwealth Games .
The Creation Agreement remained the main constituent document of the CIS until January 1993 , when the CIS Charter ( , Ustav ) was adopted .
Swan Valley is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
In China , they are stir-fried , stewed , or more often pickled .
There were 19,812 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile ( 8\/km ) .
Couptrain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It showcases several of America 's largest indoor and outdoor waterparks ( see Noah 's Ark Waterpark ) .
In law , a contract is a legally binding agreement between two or more parties which , if it contains the elements of a valid legal agreement , is enforceable by law or by binding arbitration .
Its philosophy and practice emphasize the necessity of self-effort to move the soul towards divine consciousness and liberation .
Today its collection has over 19,000 artworks shown in Russian , Armenian and West European sections , including paintings , sculptures , graphic and applied arts .
His close control and superb vision have won him many admirers during his time with Red Star Belgrade and A.C. Milan .
Cranbourne is a suburb in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 43 km south-east from Melbourne 's central business district .
Geopolitically and geographicallyCohen , Saul Bernard .
Homer 's middle initial '' J '' , which stands for '' Jay '' , is a '' tribute '' to animated characters such as Bullwinkle J. Moose and Rocket J. Squirrel from The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show who got their middle initial from Jay Ward .
In 1995 , he joined the BNP , and , in 1999 , became its leader .
A top-level domain or domain name ( TLD ) is the highest level of domain names in the root zone of the Domain Name System of the Internet .
This seal is now impressed upon the reverse of the United States one-dollar bill .
Downfall ( ) is a 2004 German\/Italian\/Austrian epic drama film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel , depicting the final ten days of Adolf Hitler 's life in his Berlin bunker and Nazi Germany in 1945 .
She translated Manifesto of the Communist Party by Marx and Engels and the Critique of the Gotha Program by Marx into French .
He continued to work in an apparent trance state with a hypnotist all his life .
birth_place = Villeneuve-Loubet , France
Following the assassination of King Pap , Valens sent Varazdat , a nephew of Pap , a young man highly reputed for his mental and physical gifts , to occupy the Armenian throne .
Iwao Takamoto ( April 29 , 1925 & ndash ; January 8 , 2007 ) was a Japanese-American animator , television producer , and film director .
Alternative Press awarded the album 4.5 \/O/ 5 and Scott Heisel praised the improvement of the album over its predecessor ; '' Riot !
The AD/BC notation does not use a year zero ; however , astronomical year numbering does use a minus sign , so '' 2 BC '' is equal to '' year -1 '' .
Saint-Pardon-de-Conques is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Leeds Bradford International Airport is located at Yeadon , in the City of Leeds Metropolitan District in West Yorkshire , England , northwest of Leeds itself .
He identified himself as a political independent although he held conservative opinions on several issues , including the Vietnam War ( he once wrote Martin Luther King , Jr. to defend the Johnson Administration 's military policy ) .
Chief prophets Mandaeans recognize several prophets , among whom Iahia or Iuhana '' John the Baptist '' is accorded a special status , higher than his role in Christianity and Islam .
Finite is the opposite of infinite .
Switzer became head coach at Oklahoma in 1973 , leading the team to undefeated seasons that year and the next .
Intercropping is growing two or more crops simultaneously in the same field in a definite row pattern with the object of increasing productivity per unit area .
Arthur Jacob Arshawsky ( May 23 , 1910 & ndash ; December 30 , 2004 ) , better known as Artie Shaw , was an American jazz clarinetist , composer , and bandleader .
McCartney was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1995 , and died at the age of 56 on 17 April 1998 at the McCartney family ranch in Tucson , Arizona .
Some men wear a tuxedo for their jobs , such as symphony orchestra musicians , Ceo or waiters in expensive restaurants .
January 8 -- William de Warenne , 3rd Earl of Surrey
Plans for a single contract were abandoned in favor of 25 engineering contracts and 10 electrical and mechanical contracts .
May 20 , 1999 .
Seoul Festival is an seasonal cultural festival held four times a year every spring , summer , autumn , and winter in Seoul , South Korea since 2003 .
It housed the Council of Ministers and from 1958 to 1989 it was the headquarters of the Central Committee of the Romanian Communist Party .
From that derivation of the title comes the tradition of later stadtholders of the Netherlands , and the present-day royal family of the Netherlands , of also holding this title .
Griffith was also able to isolate both live II-R and live III-S strains of pneumococcus from the blood of these dead mice .
Rendeux is a municipality of Belgium .
The school was founded on October 2 , 1902 as Northwestern Bible and Missionary Training School by Dr William Bell Riley , a pastor at the First Baptist Church of Minneapolis .
It was not until 1927 that Everton 's first sustained period of success began .
Nantes currently play in Ligue 2 , the second division of French football .
Ilium is a more poetic term : Turkish : Truva and Troia ) was a city , both factual and legendary , located in northwest Anatolia in what is now Turkey , southeast of the Dardanelles and beside Mount Ida .
Melanoma is a malignant tumor of melanocytes .
The Tajikistan national football team represents Tajikistan in association football and is controlled by the Tajikistan National Football Federation , the governing body for football in Tajikistan .
They are located southeast of the Indian subcontinent , separated by the Bay of Bengal by about 1,300 km .
He was succeeded by his elder surviving son , Gian Gastone , when he died , in 1723 .
From 1929 , Chongqing became a municipality of the Republic of China .
The table is not the only means of arranging data .
Barker lives in Los Angeles , California .
The Catholic Church gives the name Purgatory to the final purification of all who die in God 's grace and friendship , but still imperfectly purified .
The shape of the Earth is very close to that of an oblate spheroid , a sphere squished along the orientation from pole to pole such that there is a bulge around the equator .
It was released in Japan shortly before the merger between Square and Enix .
This is an automatically collected list of articles about domesticated cattle .
Snowdonia is a region in north Wales and a national park of 838 s in area .
The Advanced Placement program offers college level courses at high schools across the United States and Canada .
He roomed and collaborated for some time with bassist Charles Mingus , before getting a job on Billy Eckstine 's California tour , which eventually brought him back to New York .
Karl Wilhelm Ohnesorge ( 8 June 1872 - 1 February 1962 ) was a German politician in the Third Reich who sat in Hitler 's cabinet .
This can be due to ischemia ( lack of blood supply ) caused by thrombosis or embolism or due to a hemorrhage .
Some Laserdisc proponents believe analog Laserdisc is capable of higher quality than the lossy nature of DVD .
The Australian Antarctic Division administers the area primarily by maintaining three year-round stations ( Mawson , Davis and Casey ) , which support various research projects .
In the system of Planck units , the Planck base unit of length is known simply as the Planck length , the base unit of time is the Planck time , and so on .
They married in 1953 ( after Duruflé 's first marriage to Lucette Bousquet , contracted in 1932 , ended in civil divorce in 1947 and was declared null by the Vatican on 23 June 1953 ) .
Chiyoda is one of the 23 special wards in central Tokyo , Japan . In English , it is called Chiyoda ward .
Dresdner Bank was legally merged with Commerzbank on 11 May 2009 and ceased to be an independent entity .
In 1942 , a group of German secretaries are escorted to Adolf Hitler 's ( Bruno Ganz ) compound in Rastenburg .
In 1836 his second play , Leonce and Lena portrayed the nobility .
The post office opened on 1 July 1843 as Mount Macedon and was renamed Kyneton on 1 January 1854 .
It was formerly used for a few units in the Royal Engineers ( before they switched to regiments ) , and was also used in the now defunct Royal Army Ordnance Corps and Royal Pioneer Corps .
Westerfield is a village in Suffolk , England .
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its biological lifecycle .
It is one of twelve secondary schools run by the Aberdeen City Council educational department .
Kemnay ( Gaelic : Ceann a ' Mhuigh ) is a village west of Aberdeen in Scotland .
( see also p\/p ) : \* Beam or breadth ( B ) is the width of the hull .
A pickup device acts as a transducer that captures mechanical vibrations ( usually from suitably-equipped stringed instruments such as the electric guitar , electric bass guitar or electric violin ) and converts them to an electrical signal , which can be amplified and recorded .
Upload the HTML file and folder of revised photos to a website , by sending Apple Events to an FTP client , by using built-in AppleScript commands , or by sending Apple Events to unix ftp utilities
Suttungr ( ) , or Saturn XXIII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Kazumasa Takagi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tochigi S.C. .
Year 11 ( XI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Originally entitled African Revelations , African Sanctus was first performed in London by the Saltarello Choir in July 1972 , and was later played on BBC Radio on United Nations Day .
There were four over the winter . They built good crowds .
Stephens City is an incorporated town in the southern part of Frederick County , Virginia , United States , with a population of 1,829 at the time of the 2010 Census .
He is the captain of the Romanian national team and currently plays for Internazionale of the Italian Serie A/O. He usually plays as a left back but can play as a center back as well as in defensive midfield when needed .
Perdita is an inner satellite of Uranus .
One of 18 British railway stations managed by Network Rail , it is the largest and busiest of the five city center railway stations in Central Manchester\/Salford , the others being Manchester Victoria , Salford Central , Deansgate and Manchester Oxford Road .
The highest temperature ever recorded in Pakistan , , was recorded here on 26 May 2010 .
It has its own script , the Armenian alphabet .
The NWF runs an expansive network of volunteer programs that reaches over 10 million people .
From Jupiter 's surface -- or rather , from just above its cloudtops -- Amalthea would appear very bright , shining with a magnitude of 4.7 , similar to that of Venus from Earth .
A hybrid mobile phone can take more than one SIM card , even of different types .
When his family returned to Japan in 1944 , he began studying piano with Noboru Toyomasu , heavily studying the works of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Northumbria Flames , Northumbria University 's ice hockey team
Leeds Town Hall was built between 1853 and 1858 on Park Lane ( now The Headrow ) , Leeds , West Yorkshire , England to a design by architect Cuthbert Brodrick .
His surname is .
The person climbing is said to be on belay when one of these belaying methods is being used . Belaying is a critical part of the climbing system .
Rosie Winterton ( L )
His father died on 19 January 1905 , and he began receiving monthly payments as part of his inheritance .
Colby Lopez ( born May 28 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Tyler Black .
The club was founded in 1909 as Pisa Sporting Club and refounded in 1994 as A.C. Pisa ( and registered to the Eccellenza , that is the sixth football division in Italy ) , after the cancellation of the old one because of economical troubles .
Legend has it that Mr. Singh a kind hearted man served water and provided shelter to the worn out and thirsty travellers passing by a small pond ( '' TOBA '' in Punjabi ) which eventually was called Toba Tek Singh , and the surrounding settlement acquired the same name .
Early Eocene - Recent
The first Vectra , known as the Vectra A , was introduced in 1988 as a saloon and hatchback , replacing the Opel Ascona C/ORGANIZATION. A coupé based on the Vectra , called the Calibra , was also sold .
In December 1948 , disputes over money ( Davis claims he was not being paid ) began to strain their relationship even further . Davis finally left the group following a confrontation with Parker at the Royal Roost .
It is the only river flowing out of Lake Baikal , and is a headwater of the Yenisei River .
He played for various clubs , scoring more than 180 league goals in a career spanning 22 years .
Such success has allowed him to go on book tours to promote his books , where he reads from both new and upcoming works .
The X chromosome is one of the two sex-determining chromosomes in many animal species , including mammals ( the other is the Y chromosome ) .
The National Arts Centre Orchestra is an orchestra in Ottawa , Canada 's capital .
Martin Raymond Keown ( born 24 July 1966 in Oxford , England ) is a former English footballer .
North Holland ( , , West Frisian : Noard-Holland ) is a province situated on the North Sea in the northwest part of the Netherlands .
Carlisle became a district of Concord in 1780 and was officially incorporated as a town in 1805 .
It originally started building engines for IndyCars with the money of IndyCar team owner and chassis manufacturer Roger Penske .
Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona ( born 24 May 1966 ) ( ) is a French former footballer of the late 1980s and 1990s , turned actor .
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe , also known as Beaumont-le-Vicomte , is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Her projects were widely publicised , but her albums failed to attract a substantial audience and resulted in the lowest sales of her career at the time .
In May 2002 , Polanski won the Palme d'Or ( Golden Palm ) award at the Cannes Film Festival for The Pianist , for which he also took Césars for Best Film and Best Director , and later won the 2002 Academy Award for Directing .
He is the only Australian Prime Minister to have been dismissed by the Governor-General , using reserve powers .
Clash cymbals have traditionally been accompanied by the bass drum playing an identical part .
She was the winner of Miss India Universe in 2007 and later went to Mexico to participate in Miss Universe 2007 , finishing in 9th place .
Currently , Bala Prajapathi Adikalar , heir to the Payyan dynasty , is considered the leader of Ayyavazhi .
Set in Latin America , it is made up of four different segments ; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one .
Salvia barellieri Etlinger Salvia bifidocalyx Salvia blepharophylla Brandegee ex Epling Salvia blogdettii Chapm .
In 1998 the Mirrar Aboriginal people , together with environmental groups , used peaceful on-site civil disobedience to create one of the largest blockades in Australia 's history .
He is a former joint owner of the NASCAR Sprint Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach , and is a part-owner of the San Diego Padres .
Despite his international career ending so flatly and accusations his mobility had faded with age , the 2002 -- 03 season -- Seaman 's last at Arsenal -- ended on a high note .
Note : does not work ; to disable the feature , you have to remove the entire parameter and value .
The end of an era ( 1946 -- 1984 ) After World War II , it became clear that coal was losing favor to other energy sources such as oil and natural gas .
It also won IGN Film 's Best Sci-Fi , Best Story and Best Trailer awards and was runner up for the Overall Best Movie .
In the fall of 1609 , an injury from a gunpowder explosion forced Smith to return to England for medical care .
Molecular data implies a North American origin of living Canidae and an African origin of wolf-like canines ( Canis , Cuon , and Lycaon ) .
At the age of 14 , Asada landed a triple axel in her free skating program at the 2004 Junior Grand Prix Final , held in December 2004 at Helsinki , Finland , becoming the first junior girl to do one in an international event . She has since been known for her triple axel jumps .
This moon was discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and David C. Jewitt in 2003 using the 8.2 meter Subaru telescope .
Stoke City Football Club is an English Premier League association football club based in Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire .
The British Rail Class 117 diesel multiple units were built by Pressed Steel from 1959 to 1961 .
It is the second busiest airport in Malaysia after Kuala Lumpur International Airport and it on of the main gateways into Sabah and East Malaysia .
During World War II Hanau was for the most part destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945 a few days before it was taken by the US Army .
Release Composer/Title of Work Performer Label/Catalog No .
Zoe the Macedonian ( ca .
The cathedral was originally the church of St Frideswide 's Priory .
In the film , the monster is called a Kraken , although it is depicted as a lizardlike creature rather than a squid ; and combining two elements of the myth , Perseus defeats the sea monster by showing it Medusa 's face , turning the monster into stone . Andromeda is depicted as being strong-willed and independent , whereas in the stories she is only really mentioned as being the princess whom Perseus saves from the sea monster .
It has an area of 4,504 km , and a total population of 211,086 (/O2001/O) .
Keeler worked at Lick Observatory beginning in 1888 , but left after being appointed director of the University of Pittsburgh 's Allegheny Observatory in 1891 .
The proximity fuze should not be confused with the more commonly used contact fuse .
In 1927 tourism had grown to the point where the area 's name was reverted to Port Arthur .
Most recently , Cardinal Joseph Bernardin was buried here after his 1996 death .
Since making her debut in the film Baazigar (/O1993/O) , she has appeared in nearly 40 Bollywood , Tamil , Telugu and Kannada films , her first leading role being in the 1994 Aag .
First known to be used by humans in the knife to separate animal tissue , the blade allowed humans to separate meat , fibers , and other plant and animal materials , with much less force than it would take to tear them by simply pulling them apart .
He has an older sister , Virginia , and an older brother , Donald Smith , Jr. .
There is a Simpson memorial on the road outside the club , erected by local cyclists , including members of the Harworth and District Cycling Club to commemorate the 30th anniversary in 1997 .
The station broadcasts on the analog frequency 103FM , from a 4 KW transmitter on Saddleworth Moor and broadcasts on DAB Digital Radio from City Tower ( formerly Sunley Tower ) on the CE Manchester multiplex .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
The municipality comprises the city of Damme proper and the towns of Hoeke , Lapscheure , Moerkerke , Oostkerke , Sijsele , Vivenkapelle , and Sint-Rita .
Carathéodory 's theorem ( convex hull )
In the Epistle to the Romans ( c. 56-57 ) , Harris , Stephen L. , Understanding the Bible .
Dhows are much larger than feluccas , another type of Arab boat usually used in fresh water in Egypt , Sudan and Iraq .
Linspire Moves from Debian to Ubuntu LinuxElectrons Linspire was published by Linspire , Inc. and focused on ease-of-use , targeting home PC users .
A weather front is a boundary separating two masses of air of different densities , and is the principal cause of meteorological phenomena .
Metallurgy Metallurgy is a domain of materials science that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements , their intermetallic compounds , and their mixtures , which are called alloys .
However , Triapitsyn began to round up and execute White Movement supporters , the only force holding his hand being the small Japanese garrison .
The national anthem is regularly performed or sung in schools and armed forces camps at ceremonies held at the beginning and\/or the end of each day , during which the national flag is also raised and lowered and the national pledge is taken .
The Inner Temple is one of the four Inns of Court , along with Gray 's Inn , Lincoln 's Inn and the Middle Temple .
He is the older brother of Jordan Staal , who is playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Marc Staal , who is playing for the New York Rangers , and Jared Staal , who was signed by Eric 's team , the Hurricanes but is currently playing for the Ontario Hockey League 's Sudbury Wolves .
It is in the Gospels , however , that the analogy between the Latin Vulgate and the Syriac Vulgate can be established by evidence . If the Peshitta is the result of a revision as the Vulgate was , then we may expect to find Old Syriac texts answering to the Old Latin .
The Palestinian National Authority regards East Jerusalem as part of the West Bank , and consequently a part of the Palestinian territories , while Israel regards it as part of Israel as a result of its annexation in 1980 .
The Hellenistic expansion brought the Ancient Greeks in South Asia also known as Indo-Greeks .
Takao Nishiyama ( born January 7 , 1942 ) is a former Japanese football player .
He also played for the New Jersey Devils , Florida Panthers , Calgary Flames and Anaheim Ducks .
Fey first broke into comedy as a featured player in the Chicago-based improvisational comedy group The Second City .
The troposphere is the lowest portion of Earth 's atmosphere .
Image : Illu repdt male .
It has been reported to be a maniraptoran dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic or Upper Jurassic age Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia , China ( about 152 to 168 mya ) .
The Slovak koruna replaced the Czechoslovak koruna at par and was replaced by the reconstituted Czechoslovak koruna , again at par .
Although this can conflict with efforts to reuse food waste ( such as in animal feed ) , safety regulations are in place to ensure the health of the consumer ; they are vitally important , especially in the processing of foodstuffs of animal origin ( e.g. meat and dairy products ) , as contaminated products from these sources can lead to and are associated with microbiological and chemical hazards .
The main protagonist is 16-year old Setsuna F Seiei , a taciturn young man who grew up in the war-torn Kurdistan Republic .
In November 2007 and weighing over 90 kg ( 198 lb ) , Knut was deemed too dangerous for close handling and his interaction with human handlers was further diminished .
V/O. A tropical system was observed east of the West Indies on August 13 .
Starting his career as a child actor in his uncle Nasir Hussain 's film Yaadon Ki Baaraat (/O1973/O) , Khan began his professional career eleven years later with the film , Holi (/O1984/O) .
As time progressed , Christians invaded more and more land , pushing Kaleva 's sons further away .
NetBSD is a freely available open source version of the Unix-derivative Berkeley Software Distribution ( BSD ) computer operating system .
Diploma mill or degree mill , an organization which awards academic degrees and diplomas with very little or no academic study and without recognition by official accrediting bodies
The Smithsonian Institution is an educational and research institute and associated museum complex , administered and funded by the government of the United States and by funds from its endowment , contributions , and profits from its retail operations , concessions , licensing activities , and magazines .
Rabbi Johanan said , ` Still there is Mountain , Lowland , and Valley .
Ashley Cole ( born 20 December 1980 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team .
Gourdon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
April 24 & ndash ; The massacre of the Waldensians by Charles Emmanuel II , Duke of Savoy , memorialized in a poem .
The film was released in Canada as Going the Distance , but for American release the film 's title was expanded to National Lampoon 's Going the Distance .
When British Railways was formed in 1948 , it decided to adopt the former LNER method of carriage classification .
He began to wildly weave across the road before he fell down .
UK '' Mark 6 '' ; Germany '' Sixth generation ''
Naturalism is the metaphysical position that '' nature is all there is , and all basic truths are truths of nature . ''
Revolver is the seventh album by English rock group The Beatles , released on 5 August 1966 .
He was the winner of the first season of NXT , and is the storyline leader of The Nexus .
A tumor is sometimes referred to as a '' growth ''
Chrome alum or Chromium ( III ) potassium sulfate is the potassium double sulfate of chromium .
In October 2008 , they won four awards including Best International Artist and Song of the year at Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica held in Mexico .
Small lymphocytes consist of T cells and B cells .
It was officially created ( with part of the province of Milan ) on May 12 , 2004 , but became effective with the elections of 6\/7 June 2009 .
The technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .
After graduating from Stockholm , Pohjola moved to Boston , Massachusetts to study under a scholarship at Berklee College of Music .
In the book , Pogge explains that the poorest 46 percent of humankind have 1.2 percent of global income and their purchasing power per person per day is less than that of $ 2.15 in the US in 1993 ; 826 million of them do not have enough to eat .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town and Local government area ( see Gunnedah Shire Council ) in north-eastern New South Wales , Australia .
The point instead came to be known as Cape Everard .
PaleoBiology Database : Stegodon , basic info Morphology Some Stegodon species were among the largest of all Proboscidea , with adults being 4 meters high at the shoulder , 8 meters long , not including 3 meters long nearly straight tusks .
The Renault R 312 is a class of buses produced by the bus division of Renault Trucks from 1987 to 1996 .
Against All Odds (/O2009/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , which took place on February 8 , 2009 at the TNA Impact !
VLC , like most multimedia frameworks , has a very modular design which makes it easier to include modules\/plugins for new file formats , codecs or streaming methods .
Although its very high orbital eccentricity means its opposition magnitude varies greatly , at a rare opposition near perihelion Bamberga can reach a magnitude of +8.0 , which is as bright as Saturn 's moon Titan .
La Mothe-Achard is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
In November 2005 , Toyota company officials announced the company 's withdrawal from American open-wheel racing and the immediate discontinuation of its IRL program , coinciding with its entrance into NASCAR 's Craftsman Truck Series in 2004 , and its discontinuation of its IMSA program .
Hilton has also guest-starred in episodes of the popular TV-show The O.C. , The George Lopez Show , Las Vegas , American Dreams , Dogg After Dark , and Veronica Mars .
For example , in the multiset { a , a , b , b , b , c } the multiplicities of the members a , b , and c are respectively 2 , 3 , and 1 , and the cardinality of the multiset is 6 .
The band consists of vocalist Emily Haines ( who also plays the synthesizer and guitar ) , guitarist James Shaw ( who also plays the theremin ) , bassist Josh Winstead and drummer Joules Scott-Key .
Soon afterward he began to tour extensively .
Dill seed is used as a spice , with a flavor somewhat similar to caraway , but also resembling that of fresh or dried dill weed .
Hangu , Neam , a commune in Neam County , Romania
The accent characteristic of most of the Midwest is considered by many to be '' standard '' American English , though the similar California English has in recent decades become the new standard .
Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool , released in 1993 .
Fire is primarily hot and secondarily dry .
Franklin speculated that , with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end ,
Corn flakes are a popular breakfast cereal originally manufactured by Kellogg 's through the treatment of corn .
In the current semi-presidential system , the President of Pakistan is the head of state , the Prime Minister is head of government , and there is a multi-party system .
In July , 1881 , President James Garfield was fatally wounded and died on September 19 , 1881 .
McLean was born in West Palm Beach , Florida to his mother , Denise Fernandez , and father Bob McLean .
The plant itself is also valuable for ornamental purposes , and has been known as the '' common garden poppy '' , referencing all the group of poppy plants .
He was suggested by several to rewrite this book for boys , especially during an inspection of the Boys ' Brigade , a large youth movement drilled with military precision .
After converting to Christianity , he began to insist that story lines be stripped of anything he thought too adult or racy in Growing Pains .
In particular , the pressure difference must be great enough for the fluid to condense at the hot side and still evaporate in the lower pressure region at the cold side .
In addition to the iron and railroad industries , Allentown also had a strong tradition in the brewing of beer and was home to several notable breweries , including the Horlacher Brewery ( founded 1897 , closed 1978 ) , the Neuweiler Brewery ( founded 1875 , closed 1968 ) and Schaefer Beer , whose brewery was later owned by Pabst Brewing Company and Guinness but is now owned by the Boston Beer Company , maker of Samuel Adams .
In these leagues , and associated farm teams , players are selected for their talents and are paid to play for a specific team or club system .
The Golaniad ( from the word golan meaning hoodlum ) was a protest in Romania in the University Square , Bucharest .
On 1 December 2006 , in a cross-factional political partnership with Kevin Rudd , Gillard launched a challenge for the deputy leadership of the ALP .
By around 13,000 years ago the sea level was only 60 m lower than the present day , and corals began to grow around the hills of the coastal plain , which were , by then , continental islands .
Harihara is the name of a combined deity form of both Vishnu ( Hari ) and Shiva ( Hara ) from the Hindu tradition .
As Cera describes the encounter ( exaggerating her bravery ) , she accidentally flings Ducky near a patch of grass , which has a hatching egg containing a baby '' Spiketail '' ( Stegosaurus ) .
Konstanze greets Blonde in distress ( Aria : '' Sorrow has become my lot '' ) , informing her that Selim demands her love and threatens to use force .
Though he never again served in a government , Sir Austen Chamberlain survived in good health until March 1937 , dying just ten weeks before his half-brother Neville Chamberlain finally became the first ( and only ) member of the distinguished Chamberlain dynasty to become Prime Minister .
Newington is a district of London , England , and part of the London Borough of Southwark .
The term ircd originally referred to only one single piece of software , IRCD FAQ on irc.org but it eventually became a generic reference to any implementation of an IRC daemon .
The species was tall , 1.8 m ( 6 ft ) on average , and more muscular than modern humans .
There was also the problem of an ever-expanding number of known species : for Kircher and earlier natural historians , there was little problem finding room for all known animal species in the Ark , but by the time John Ray ( 1627 - 1705 ) was working , just several decades after Kircher , their number had expanded beyond biblical proportions .
The current ( 9th ) bishop is the Right Revd Dr Christopher Cocksworth .
Their products include stationery , school supplies , gifts and accessories that are sold worldwide and at specialty brand retail stores in Japan .
He is best known for his role as Leo Wyatt on the WB Network TV series Charmed from 1998 to 2006 .
Anna Maria Bligh ( born 14 July 1960 ) is an Australian politician and the Premier of Queensland since 2007 .
Gretchen drowns her illegitimate child and is convicted of the murder .
Ellen DeGeneres ( ; born January 26 , 1958 ) is an American stand-up comedienne , television host and actress .
' , a book by former Apple Inc. .
He is best known for his time spent with Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) and World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The Birmingham Triennial Musical Festival , in Birmingham , England , founded in 1784 , was the longest-running classical music festival of its kind .
A landslide from the Monte Crenone ( now called Pizzo Magno ) in 1512 buried many houses in Biasca and killed hundreds of people .
While pie charts are common in business and journalism , they are uncommon in scientific literature .
Newington is a district of London , England , and part of the London Borough of Southwark .
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio ( 29 September 1571 - 18 July 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
Tony Kahn is an American award-winning broadcaster , published author , scholar and son of the blacklisted screenwriter Gordon Kahn .
The Soviet 11th Red Army 's invasion started on the 29th of November 1920 .
It is directed by Raja Gosnell and released on October 3 , 2008 .
This genotype-phenotype distinction was proposed by Wilhelm Johannsen in 1911 to make clear the difference between an organism 's heredity and what that heredity produces .
In addition , due to the recent thaw in relations between North and South Korea as well as between North Korea and the US ( due to the recent dismantling of the North Korean nuclear facility ) , there is a growing atmosphere of progress between the two Koreas .
Mid-Devonian to recent
Cork 's elasticity combined with its near-impermeability makes it suitable as a material for bottle stoppers , especially for wine bottles .
Perm Oblast , a former federal subject of Russia
Selected works I Exposition of the Independents , in the Oporto University 's College of Arts .
Founded in 1991 , the team plays in the USL Second Division ( USL-2 ) , the third tier of the American Soccer Pyramid .
In 2005 , Vitamin C 's cover of the 1980s hit '' Voices Carry '' by 'Til Tuesday was included on the soundtrack for the Disney superhero comedy movie Sky High .
Some speakers of Quechua also call it ` runa simi ' ( or regional variants thereof ) , literally ` people speech ' , although ` runa ' here has the more specific sense of indigenous Andean people .
Montgomery is the capital , second most populous city , and the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the Southern US state of Alabama , and is the county seat of Montgomery County .
As a convinced racist , he stresses that the '' cursed breeds '' should not be given any role in the public life .
It is above sea-level and about west of Sydney .
Energy is also transferred from potential energy to kinetic energy and then back to potential energy constantly . This is referred to as conservation of energy .
Arithmetical unit , used in the context of Charles Babbage 's Analytical engine , a 19th century concept of a computer
In 1939 , however , her stardom revived when she played the cowboy saloon girl Frenchie in the light-hearted western Destry Rides Again opposite James Stewart .
There were a total of 53 confirmed tornadoes -- 18 in Georgia , 10 in Mississippi , 10 in Alabama , and 5 each in Florida , Virginia , and Pennsylvania .
The zone is two hours ahead of the Pacific Time Zone , one hour ahead of the Mountain Time Zone , and one hour behind the Eastern Time Zone .
He ran as high as third , before ending the race in sixth , after a late-race collision with Mark Webber .
The name Micronesia derives from the Greek mikros ( ) , meaning small , and nesos ( ) , meaning island .
He has written and performed with various musicians both underground ( Vermeer , Augustine , Torrent , This Allure , Monarch , Venus Infers and Jessica Dobson ) and mainstream .
Also , elements of American and Australian slang have come through from imported television series and films .
Tuva was made the Tuvan Autonomous Oblast and then became the Tuva ASSR on October 10 , 1961 . The Soviet Union kept Tuva closed to the outside world for nearly fifty years .
YES Prep Public Schools , a network of public , open-enrollment charter schools located in Houston , Texas , USA
Later , flood and flash flood watches were issued for southeast Pennsylvania , northern Delaware , northern New Jersey , east-central New York , and southern New England .
William Pierce Frye ( September 2 , 1830 & ndash ; August 8 , 1911 ) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Maine .
Past main stage headliners have included : 2005 -- Jeff Healy 2005 -- Lighthouse 2007 -- The Trews 2008 -- Theory of a Deadman Sports teams and tournaments Local rep teams Brantford Red Sox Brantford Jr. .
Since 1935 , the Supreme Court has met in the United States Supreme Court Building .
Later , it changed its name to Japan Symphony Orchestra and in 1951 , after receiving financial support from NHK , it took its current name .
Perceptual psychology is a subfield of cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with the pre-conscious innate aspects of the human cognitive system : perception .
Piotr Sowisz ( born September 10 , 1971 ) is a former Polish football player .
Mount Merapi , Gunung Merapi ( literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian\/Javanese ) , is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Wight is also known for his career in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , where he wrestled as The Giant from July 1995 to December 1998 .
The canton of Glarus is dominated by the deep valley of the Linth River and the smaller Sernftal on the east .
Users were attracted to Linux distributions as alternatives to the DOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC , Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh and proprietary versions of Unix .
Based on a format of eccentric pop songs and complex instrumentals , the band recorded several unsuccessful singles and one album , The Cheerful Insanity of Giles , Giles and Fripp .
Stockton is regarded as one of the best point guards of all time , holding the NBA records for most career assists and steals by considerable margins .
Rebecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The park covers of land , making it one of the largest urban parks in North America .
Government of the Dominican Republic takes place in a framework of a representative democracy , whereby the President of the Dominican Republic is both head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system .
S\/2000 J 11 was the outermost prograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
In 1336 , it was made part of Guelders , though it was ceded to the Bishopric of Utrecht in 1347 and was known as het Sticht .
The Green Valley Lake , Arrowbear , and Running Springs communities were evacuated .
Stanhope is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
During its original run , Bobby 's World was seen on Fox Kids .
