On his return from Siberia in 1917 , Chernyi enjoyed great popularity among Moscow workers as a lecturer , and was at this time one of Russia 's leading individualist anarchists and one of anarchism 's main ideologues .
With well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear , Erika strengthened as the circulation became better defined .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 12 .
A portion of Wolf Bay and of the Tensaw River in northern Baldwin county have received the designation .
Sugar is an informal term for a class of edible crystalline carbohydrates , mainly sucrose , lactose , and fructose characterized by a sweet flavor .
Edward Kennedy Ellington was born on April 29 , 1899 to James Edward Ellington and Daisy Kennedy Ellington .
Libretto ( pl .
Boisdinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It lies on the south bank of the Clyde at the '' Tail of the Bank '' where the River Clyde expands into the Firth of Clyde .
Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus project ) is a person who practices religious asceticism , living either alone or with any number of monks , whilst always maintaining some degree of physical separation from those not sharing the same purpose .
Septic shock
Reserved ballasted track , open to trams only - from Gynn Square to Rossall , and along Radcliffe Road in Fleetwood .
Other traditions , notably Buddhism and Jainism , which did not regard the Vedas as authorities are referred to by traditional Hindu texts as '' heterodox '' or '' non-orthodox '' ( n stika ) schools .
Then plants evolved from bryophyta .
Dumfries is a town in Prince William County , Virginia , United States .
Due to its oxidative nature , sodium chlorate can be very toxic if ingested .
In 1787 , Pichilemu held 1,688 inhabitants , and the population rose to 7,787 inhabitants by 1907 .
Barry Walters from Rolling Stone commented that '' The band truly rocks : Its malevolent groove fleshes out its leader 's usual complaints with an exhilarating swagger that 's the essence of rock & roll ... On Holy Wood , Manson is as ambitious , personal and heavy as he 's ever been , but the album is not , as he has proclaimed , the band 's White Album .
The Komodo dragon typically hunts in the afternoon , but stays in the shade during the hottest part of the day .
In 2007 , breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US ( 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths ) .
The Black Parade Is Dead !
It can also be made so as to enforce one-way traffic of people , and in addition , it can restrict passage only to people who insert a coin , a ticket , a pass , or similar .
Quines are named after philosopher Willard Van Orman Quine ( 1908 -- 2000 ) , who made an extensive study of indirect self-reference .
Former King Kobra bassist Johnny Rod joined W.A.S.P. as Lawless went back to playing rhythm guitar .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
He was in the hospital for several years , and it was while there that he began to paint .
An elastic collision is an encounter between two bodies in which the total kinetic energy of the two bodies after the encounter is equal to their total kinetic energy before the encounter .
This anatomical structure in molluscs often resembles a cloak because in many groups the edges of the mantle extend far beyond the main part of the body , forming flaps , double-layered structures which have been adapted for many different uses , including for example , the siphon .
ScienceWorld , also known as Eric Weisstein 's World of Science , is a Web site that opened to the general public in January 2002 .
Ivan Mariz ( January 16 , 1910 -- May 13 , 1982 ) was a Brazilian footballer in midfielder role .
Kaleva or Kalevi or Kalev and his sons are very important beings in Finnish , Karelian and Estonian mythology .
In classical economics , capital is one of three ( or four , in some formulations ) factors of production .
Cross , F. L. , ed .
While Staunton was busy with the Shakespeare edition , he received a courteous letter from the New Orleans Chess Club , inviting him to that city to play Paul Morphy , who had won the recent First American Chess Congress .
Conservation efforts began in the 1890s , but they were not very successful until the implementation of the Kakapo Recovery Plan in the 1980s .
Brie may be produced from whole or semi-skimmed milk .
His highest ranking is world number 4 , achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002 .
Appiah is also a member of the Ghana national team , which he has represented at the youth , Olympic , and senior levels .
They band together as a way of achieving these goals and advancing their agenda and position within the organization .
Bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career , first as a winsome blonde ingenue , then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale ( with looks that movie magazines often compared to those of Hedy Lamarr ) , and finally as a warmhearted wife\/mother figure .
It was released in North America on April 30 , 2000 for the Nintendo 64 video game console .
Narrated by Tim Whitnall , the show rapidly became a critical and commercial success in Britain and abroad ( particularly notable for its high production values ) , and won its BAFTA in 1998 .
The narrator ends by saying that when lost toys are found or a broken clock starts to work , '' it all means that one very special fairy might be near . ''
The Beetle was popular in less-developed areas of the world because of its rear-mounted air-cooled engine , flat floorpan , and rugged torsion bar suspension .
The song has also achieved commercial success by topping charts in Australia , Canada , Germany , France , the Republic of Ireland , Sweden , Switzerland , the United Kingdom , and the United States , as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries .
Before Minardi 's demise , it was a particularly well-liked team within Formula One circles for many reasons .
The Four-horned Antelope ( Tetracerus quadricornis ) also known as the Chousingha is an antelope found in open forest in South Asia .
Augusta Ada King , Countess of Lovelace ( 10 December 1815 -- 27 November 1852 ) , born Augusta Ada Byron , was an English writer chiefly known for her work on Charles Babbage 's early mechanical general-purpose computer , the analytical engine .
Danny Woodhead ( born January 25 , 1985 in North Platte , Nebraska ) is an American football running back for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
It has been designated S/2001 ( 107 ) 1 but has not yet received an official name .
Beveren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
On Ocracoke Island , boats were hauled out .
John Dawson '' Johnny '' Winter III ( born 23 February 1944 ) is an American blues guitarist , singer and producer .
Fritz started his footballing career playing for the Regional Liga club Rot-Weiss Erfurt .
After Bernoulli and Poisson published their efforts , other mathematicians also contributed to refinement of the law , including Chebyshev , Markov , Borel , Cantelli and Kolmogorov and Khinchin ( who finally provided a complete proof of the LLN for the arbitrary random variables ) .
According to Zhu Xi 's epistemology , knowledge and action were indivisible components of truly intelligent activity .
The idea that the seafloor itself moves ( and carries the continents with it ) as it expands from a central axis was proposed by Harry Hess from Princeton University in the 1960s .
It is defined as the interval between two adjacent notes in a 12-tone scale ( e.g. from C to C ) .
Francesco di Giovanni Botticini ( 1446 -- July 22 , 1498 ) was an Italian Early Renaissance painter .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
It is called '' black '' because it absorbs all the light that hits it , reflecting nothing , just like a perfect black body in thermodynamics .
The term '' eudicots '' has been widely adopted to refer to one of the two largest clades of angiosperms , monocots being the other .
Nanguluwur is a small art site , near Nourlangie , which displays several rock art styles .
She reveals this to her father Iubdan and she convinces Bran that his future might lie in returning to his roots at Harrowfield in Briton , while his men talk of setting up a school for warriors .
On March 7 , 1998 , in Lausanne , Switzerland , at the Junior Grand Prix Final , Goebel became the first skater in the world to land a quadruple Salchow , and the first American skater to land a quadruple jump of any kind in competition .
The lower lip is usually somewhat larger .
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .
Spurgeon 's College is a theological institute of higher learning located in South Norwood Hill , London .
LuaLua initially indicated that he might not play in this game but did so reluctantly after threats were made to his family , which caused him to reconsider his international career .
The All-Star game is an annual event in the NBL .
Arthur James Balfour , 1st Earl of Balfour , KG , OM , PC , DL ( 25 July 1848 -- 19 March 1930 ) was a British Conservative politician and statesman . He served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from July 1902 to December 1905 , and as Leader of the Conservative Party from his appointment as Prime Minister to November 1911 .
For the current tornado season , see Tornadoes of 2010
The name dubnium was given to element 105 at the same time .
It was revised and privately printed by Potter in 1901 after several publishers ' rejections but was printed in a trade edition by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1902 .
Following his death in September 1970 , the trophy was named the Vince Lombardi Trophy , and was first awarded as such to the Baltimore Colts at Super Bowl V in Miami .
The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to its outer membrane and injecting its genetic material and leaving its empty shell attached to the bacterium .
A drop goal is scored in open play by drop kicking the ball over the crossbar and between the uprights .
It is the only species in the genus Cocos , and is a large palm , growing to 30 m tall , with pinnate leaves 4 -- 6 m long , pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly leaving the trunk smooth .
Time Flies ... 1994 -- 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
Civrac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The photograph is of a small plastic crucifix submerged in a glass of what appears to be a yellow liquid substance .
Also , if a black hole passes between us and a source of light very far away , the light will become quite distorted , much like a fun-house mirror at a circus , until the black hole moves out of the way .
Jumping can be distinguished from running , galloping , and other gaits where the entire body is temporarily airborne by the relatively long duration of the aerial phase and high angle of initial launch .
In the Gulf of Mexico , Shell Oil evacuated about 40 workers from drilling operations .
The plan was executed when the match referee , Earl Hebner , under orders from McMahon , called for the bell to ring and ended the match as Michaels held Hart in the Sharpshooter submission hold ( Hart 's signature finishing move ) , even though Hart had not submitted .
The Richemont Group named Juan Carlos Torres as the Chief Executive Officer of the company in October 2005 .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
The amount of resources traded is limited to the amount of free space in one 's storage buildings and the amount of dark matter the player has .
ChessBase GmbH is a German company that markets chess software , maintains a chess news site , and operates a server for online chess .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , Brett J. Gladman , et al .
HEADING Notable players
Upasni Maharaj , born Kashinath Govindrao Upasni , ( May 5 , 1870 -- December 24 , 1941 ) was considered by his disciples to be a satguru . He lived in Sakori , India and is said to have received God-realization from Sai Baba of Shirdi .
The series gained popularity during the summer of 1991 , when Fox aired a special '' summer season '' of the show while most other series were in reruns .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Additional clinical adjectives sometimes used to refer to animals are '' albinoid '' and '' albinic '' .
At the conference , United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Secretary of State Cordell Hull declared the Good Neighbor Policy , which opposed U.S. armed intervention in inter-American affairs .
According to Josephus , Herod 's defeat was popularly believed to be divine punishment for his execution of John the Baptist .
At the time , Japan 's music scene was loaded with many new bands being created .
This often causes confusion in travel schedules , like hotel bookings ( unless those schedules quote times in UTC , but they typically do not since they must match domestic travel times , local transport , or meeting times ) .
The fifth movement of that suite , called Asturias ( Leyenda ) , is probably most famous these days as part of the classical guitar repertoire , even though it was originally composed for piano and only later transcribed to guitar .
Reefs in the inner Great Barrier Reef spawn during the week after the full moon in October , but the outer reefs spawn in November and December .
Sinhala is one of the official and national languages of Sri Lanka , along with Tamil .
In 1978 , he founded the London Classical Players and remained their musical director until 1997 .
The recipient of 26 honorary degrees and a MacArthur Fellowship , Brown has been described by the Washington Post as '' one of the world 's most influential thinkers .
Impressed by Vlad 's vast knowledge of the mindset and inner workings of the Ottoman Empire as well as his hatred of the new sultan Mehmed II , Hunyadi pardoned him and took him in as an advisor .
Burg Heid - Hentern - Zerf : 5,6 km
The sixth match was a Divas match between Trish Stratus and Mickie James for the WWE Women 's Championship .
Jonathan Stephen Ross , OBE ( born 17 November 1960 ) is an English television and radio presenter , best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross from 2001 until he left the BBC in 2010 .
The Electronic Entertainment Expo , commonly known as E3 , is an annual trade show for the computer and video games industry presented by the Entertainment Software Association ( ESA ) .
The ship lift is designed to be capable of lifting ships of up to 3,000 tons , mirror having been reduced from the original plans where the ship lift was going to have the capacity to lift vessels of up to 11,500 tons displacement .
They are distinct from dolphins , although the word '' porpoise '' ( ) has been used to refer to any small dolphin , especially by sailors and fishermen .
Verdi 's last opera , Falstaff , whose libretto was also by Boito , was based on Shakespeare 's Merry Wives of Windsor and Victor Hugo 's subsequent translation .
It was intended for children who had graduated from CTW 's flagship program , Sesame Street .
Rather than simply quell the mutiny however , Germanicus rallied the mutineers and led them on a short campaign across the Rhine into Germanic territory , stating that whatever treasure they could grab would count as their bonus .
From 1983 to 2010 , Alan J. W. Bell produced and directed all episodes of the show .
Kathenotheism : The viewpoint/belief that there is more than one deity , but only one deity is worshipped at a time or ever , and another may be worthy of worship at another time or place .
In 1990 , Kuwait was invaded and annexed by neighboring Iraq .
The reception history of Jane Austen follows a path from modest fame to wild popularity ; her novels are both the subject of intense scholarly study and the center of a diverse fan culture .
It not only revives Thalia 's tree , but Thalia too , who appears as she looked in Percy 's dreams .
A dipstick is one of several devices dipped into a liquid to perform a chemical test or to provide a measure of quantity of the liquid .
Adil Garh ( Sheikhupura district ) Cheemas Today The Cheema clan holds the largest number of Political seats in the National Assembly of Pakistan & Senate of Pakistan in Punjab , more than any other family in Pakistan .
Summer Glau as River Tam : River is a seventeen-year old psychic genius .
Computer displays The PPI of a computer display is related to the size of the display in inches and the total number of pixels in the horizontal and vertical directions .
Yours sincerely is typically employed in British English when the recipient is addressed by name and is known to the sender to some degree , whereas Yours faithfully is used when the recipient is not known by name ( i.e. the recipient is addressed by a phrase such as '' Dear Sir/Madam '' ) .
The number of neutrons , N , is known as the neutron number of the atom ; thus , A = Z + N/O. Since protons and neutrons have approximately the same mass ( and the mass of the electrons is negligible for many purposes ) , the atomic mass of an atom is roughly equal to A.
Lithium hydroxide is mainly consumed for the production of lithium greases .
Cré is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Rising at Bradfield Combust , The River Great Ouse and tributaries , (/O2006/O) , Andrew Hunter Blair , Imray Laurie Norie and Wilson , ISBN 978-0-85288-943-5 to the south of Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk , it flows through Bury , Mildenhall and Prickwillow , and joins the Great Ouse south of Littleport in Cambridgeshire .
Modern Angeln , also known as Anglia ( German : Angeln , Danish : Angel , Latin : Anglia ) , is a small peninsula ( within the larger Jutland peninsula ) in Southern Schleswig in the northern Schleswig-Holstein , Germany , protruding into the Bay of Kiel .
Year 1337 was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
However , the version officially used by the British Army modifies the proportions to 3:5 , and additionally two of the red diagonals are cropped .
They were independent of Haeckel 's philosophical speculations but took his ideas in a positive way to widen their concepts in zoology .
To promote it , Caliban played many shows all over Europe and a few support shows for bands including Morning Again , Earth Crisis and Cro-Mags .
The Ilmenau is a river in Lower Saxony , Germany , left tributary of the Elbe .
One is used by the cryptographic community , while the other is the meaning understood by the public .
Alba graduated from high school at age 16 , and she subsequently attended the Atlantic Theater Company .
The academy has had its annual meeting there every year since , but it was not until 1914 the academy gained the right to use the upper floor as their own for all eternity .
It is believed to be connected to the Earth by the bridge Ama-no uki-hashi ( the '' Floating Bridge of Heaven '' ) .
The Kabul river itself is little more than a trickle for most of the year , but swells in summer due to melting snows .
Biogas is produced by anaerobic digestion or fermentation of biodegradable materials such as biomass , manure , sewage , municipal waste , green waste , plant material and energy crops .
Dildo offers picturesque scenery , several bed and breakfasts , eating establishments , the Dildo Museum interpretive center , the Historic Dildo Days celebration in August , boat tours , the Society of United Fishermen , the Lions center , several Industrial Heritage structures , walking trails , and many businesses .
He was also the second linebacker to win the Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award and the first linebacker to win the award on the winning Super Bowl team .
Toryglen is a small district on the South Side of Glasgow , Scotland .
All We Know Is Falling was released on July 24 , 2005 , and reached # 30 on the Billboard 's Heatseekers Chart .
A hole forms in the cell membrane , then the virus particle or its genetic contents are released into the host cell , where viral reproduction may commence .
The Federated States of Micronesia is an island nation located in the Pacific Ocean , north of Papua New Guinea .
Symmetric-key algorithms are a class of algorithms for cryptography that use trivially related , often identical , cryptographic keys for both decryption and encryption etc./O.
Meanwhile , Tom talked to Caryn about his distrust with Katie .
The word derives from Greek word mousike , '' ( art ) of the Muses '' .
Traditional raised beds promote good drainage .
The planetary radio astronomy instrument found that Neptune 's day lasts sixteen hours , seven minutes .
Diana Jean Krall , OC , OBC ( born November 16 , 1964 ) is a Grammy and Juno Award-winning Canadian jazz pianist and singer , known for her contralto vocals .
May 17 & ndash ; Archibald Alison , Scottish author ( b. 1757 )
The Union Council of Nathia Gali is divided into the following areas : Bagan , Donga Gali , Jhansa , Keri Sarafali , Keri Raiki , Lassan , Malach , Nathiagali and Pasala .
The 1928 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Puisieux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Then a small disk is used to paper over the inevitable irregularities at the poles .
The 1997 Tour de France saw the emergence of Ullrich as he won the race with support from Riis , who in turn had won the World Cup race Amstel Gold Race earlier in 1997 .
It is found in water 3 to 50 m deep around the southern coastline of Australia , approximately between Port Stephens , New South Wales and Geraldton , Western Australia , as well as around Tasmania .
Microlensing : where no distortion in shape can be seen but the amount of light received from a background object changes in time .
During their long-running career , the group has released more than a dozen original studio albums , along with several EPs , singles and compilations .
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall ( born 16 October 1967 ) is a British television presenter and actress , most notable for her work on Channel 4 's Big Brother reality television series .
This article contains information on the 1980-1981 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 ( formally designated D\/1993 F2 , nicknamed String of Pearls for its appearance ) was a comet that broke apart and collided with Jupiter in July 1994 , providing the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial collision of solar system objects .
Fluoride is the anion F & minus ; , the reduced form of fluorine .
That same year Cadigan joined the convention committee for MidAmeriCon , the 34th World Science Fiction Convention being held in Kansas City , Missouri over Labor Day weekend 1976 ; she served on the committee as the convention 's guest liaison to writer guest of honor Robert A. Heinlein , while also working for fantasy writer Tom Reamy at his Nickelodeon Graphics typesetting and graphic design firm .
CH-4955 Gondiswil
Males have dark brownish-black wings with a faint white postmedian line and pinkish coloring near the apical spot .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra ( and the fourth oldest in the world ) , supports a choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
Instead , the famous Italian architect , Minoletti , designed the Andrea Doria for luxury .
The flowers are pinkish-purple ( lavender-coloured ) , produced on spikes 2 -- 3 cm long at the top of slender leafless stems 10 -- 30 cm long ; each flower is subtended by a bract 4 -- 8 mm long .
Francis spent some time in Paris executing entirely monochromatic works , but his mature pieces are generally large oil paintings with splashed or splattered areas of bright contrasting color .
See also List of places in South Lanarkshire References External links Carluke Community Website Carluke Development Trust Carluke High School Carluke Parish Historical Society ( incl .
They are not primarily teaching tools ( even though they are popular with listeners as an aid to learning ) but communication tools .
Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
The match concluded with Impostor Kane performing a chokeslam on Kane and pinning him for the pinfall victory .
Pamir is a high plateau sometimes called '' The roof of the world '' that joins Pakistan , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , China and India .
Serie A , as it is structured today , began in 1929 , when the Campionato Nazionale turned into a professional league .
Others say that the first Christian ruler in history was an Arab called Abgar VIII of Edessa , who converted to Christianity .
Relief and Development Department now works in eighteen countries ( 2009 ) in Asia ( e.g. Afghanistan , Cambodia , Sri Lanka ) , Africa ( e.g. Ethiopia , Angola , Namibia ) and Europe ( e. g. Romania , Ukraine , Czech Republic ) and on complex programs that focus on education and health care , access to clean drinking water and hygiene and support for sustainable livelihoods .
Ville Peltonen ( born May 24 , 1973 in Vantaa , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the HIFK of the SM-liiga .
The Forum played host to 4 of the 7 games during the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals , as the Lightning defeated the Calgary Flames 4 games to 3 to win their first Stanley Cup .
The 1935 Labor Day hurricane was the strongest tropical cyclone during the 1935 Atlantic hurricane season .
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
Mauve Taupe ( Hex : # 915F6D ) ( RGB : 145 , 95 , 109 )
Photography is the process , activity and art of creating still or moving pictures by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium , such as a photographic film , or an electronic sensor .
A possible shoreline was also identified at the pole via radar imagery .
The tehsil was formerly part of Ferozewala Tehsil until 2005 , when it was separated from Ferozewala and became another of Sheikhupura 's tehsils .
Sub Pop is a record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle , Washington in 1986 .
Juutalaiset Suomen Armeijassa Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes , often simply Ritterkreuz ) recognized extreme battlefield bravery or successful leadership .
Bit-level parallelism is a form of parallel computing based on increasing processor word size .
Louis III ( 863x65 - 5 August 882 ) was the King of France , still then called West Francia , from 879 until his death . The second son of Louis the Stammerer and his first wife , Ansgarde , he succeeded his father to reign jointly with his younger brother Carloman II , who became sole ruler on Louis 's death .
A carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide or radiation , that is an agent directly involved in causing cancer .
Almost every well-studied long gamma-ray burst has been associated with a rapidly star-forming galaxy and in many cases a core-collapse supernova as well , unambiguously linking long GRBs with the deaths of massive stars .
Family Vombatidae : wombats
Since liststyle and oddstyle are transparent , odd lists have the color of the bodystyle , which defaults to # fdfdfd ( white with a hint of gray ) .
Bunnell is the county seat of Flagler County Florida , United States with a population of 2,122 at the 2000 census .
Kazakhstan ( or ) ( , Qazaqstan , pronounced ; ) , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , is a transcontinental country located in Central Asia and Eastern Europe .
Montceaux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
and locale information .
This was a Pyrrhic victory , however ; the city had shown itself strong enough to defy the powerful Archbishop of Cologne , but lost much of its trade : the '' liberated '' town was two-thirds surrounded by territories with other allegiances .
Bill Finger
The document was made in 959 or 974 and shows the evolution of Latin to a Romance language by the Leonese words mixed with the Latin ones .
November 1 1755 Lisbon earthquake : In Portugal , Lisbon is destroyed by a massive earthquake and tsunami , killing 60,000-90 ,000 people .
Benjamin S. '' Ben '' Carson , Sr. , M.D. ( born September 18 , 1951 ) is an American neurosurgeon and the Director of Pediatric Neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital .
North English is a city in Iowa and Keokuk counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
The program instructions written for embedded systems are referred to as firmware , and are stored in read-only memory or Flash memory chips .
There was no official Russian anthem until 1815 , from which time until 1833 the anthem was Molitva russkikh , Prayer of the Russians , sung to the tune of God Save the King .
Throughout the remainder of the decade , he recorded for the Takoma , Melodeon , and Vanguard labels and played various engagements until his death in Philadelphia from cancer in 1969 .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
Thus far , physicists have been able to merge electromagnetism and the weak nuclear force into the electroweak force , and work is being done to merge electroweak and quantum chromodynamics into a QCD-electroweak interaction sometimes called the electrostrong force .
Education Forbes Shire has four public primary schools : Forbes Primary School , Forbes North Primary School , Corinella Public School and Bedgerebong Public School .
It is free software , released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License .
The Greek government also provided funding , which was expected to be recouped through the future sale of tickets to the Games and from the sale of the first Olympic commemorative stamp set .
South East England Conservative NI West Midlands Conservative EPP ED East Midlands Conservative EPP ED Roger Helmer had the Conservative whip suspended from 26 May , 2005 to 13 September , 2006 after he voted to censure the European Commission .
V for Vendetta is a ten-issue comic-book series written by Alan Moore and illustrated mostly by David Lloyd , set in a dystopian future United Kingdom imagined from the 1980s about the 1990s .
Sarah ( Skye Bennett ) is an autistic little girl who is currently living at ` St. Mary 's Hospital ' .
Eugenio Corini ( born July 30 , 1970 in Bagnolo Mella , Italy ) is an Italian association football coach and former player .
Feldspars ( KAlSi3O8 - NaAlSi3O8 - CaAl2Si2O8 ) are a group of rock-forming tectosilicate minerals which make up as much as 60 % of the Earth 's crust .
Eocene - recent
Google search was originally developed by Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1997 .
He is best known for his role as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project , the World War II project that developed the first nuclear weapons , for which he is often referred to as the '' father of the atomic bomb '' .
Japanese : short to medium length sticks that taper to a pointed end .
Cadmium oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula CdO .
The event The Human Be-In was announced on the cover of the fifth issue of the San Francisco Oracle as '' A Gathering of the Tribes for a Human Be-In .
He is listed in the Roman MartyrologyRoman Martyrology -- a work which includes all Saints and Blesseds recognized by the Roman Catholic Church as Beatus Ioannes Faesulanus , cognomento Angelicus -- '' Blessed Giovanni of Fiesole , nicknamed Angelico '' .
There is some confusion between a '' welfare state '' and a '' welfare society , '' and debate about how each term should be defined .
The Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention , 1999 ( Convention No 182 ) of the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) provides that the use , procuring or offering of a child for prostitution is one of the worst forms of child labor .
Birmingham was named for Birmingham , England , once one of the major metal manufacturing industrial cities of England .
Despite being launched two weeks later , Voyager 1 reached both Jupiter and Saturn sooner after being launched into a shorter trajectory .
The main nave is long and narrow ( as is the case with other mission churches ) , but at San Luis Obispo there is a secondary nave of almost equal size situated to the right of the altar , making this the only '' L '' - shaped mission church among all of the California missions .
Albert Gore , Jr. was born in Washington , D.C. , the second of two children of Albert Gore , Sr. , a U.S. Representative who later served as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee , and Pauline LaFon Gore , one of the first women to graduate from Vanderbilt University Law School .
In early November 2006 they supported fellow Leeds band Kaiser Chiefs , who are known to be fans of the band , on a number of occasions around Europe .
Carville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Braille characters are much larger than their printed equivalents , and the standard 11 '' by 11.5 '' ( 28 cm & times ; 30 cm ) page has room for only 25 lines of 43 characters .
In the film , he does not die but runs away and tries to put out the flaming branch on his tail .
Some of the more notable ancient writers include Herodotus , Josephus , Livy , Polybius , Sallust , Suetonius , Tacitus , Thucydides , and Sima Qian .
Ion channels are pore-forming proteins that help establish and control the small voltage gradient across the plasma membrane of cells ( see cell potential ) by allowing the flow of ions down their electrochemical gradient .
Other ethnic groups that were in the regiment included Azeris however , they were largely relegated to logistics support and other non-combatant roles .
Like Walters , Couch also had a BB gun on hand to shoot the balloons in order to initiate descent on his first attempt .
On May 15 , 1999 the Crew opened Columbus Crew Stadium , the first stadium built specifically for soccer in Major League Soccer , as the Crew beat the New England Revolution 2-0 before a sold-out crowd of 24,741 .
This battle was most noted for the slaughter of the French cavalry by English Longbowmen .
Through this course of studies , Stresemann was exposed to the principal ideological arguments of his day , particularly the German debate about socialism .
The first mayor of the county , Rita Kalmbach , was succeeded in 2007 by Dennis Travale .
History The town was a Neolithic settlement and an important Etruscan center with an original civilization ; it became a municipium in the Roman Age .
It then graduates to digging and other nest work , and later to defending the nest and foraging .
Starting with version 2.3 , Base offers report-generation based on Pentaho software .
Hardy challenged for the title on September 8 , losing to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Jarrett .
Each change of employer or district was recorded on the ticket .
The constitution also stipulated that the president be elected by the people .
The Explorer was commissioned by Lars-Eric Lindblad , the Swedish-American pioneer of exotic expedition tours , and built in 1969 at Nystads Varv shipyard in Uusikaupunki , Finland .
This technology is at the early stages of development and will require more research before it becomes a significant contributor .
An interrupt could be generated for example by a timer in a predefined frequency , or by a serial port controller receiving a byte .
Kristopher Hugh Martin Schau ( born 12 August 1970 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian musician , TV host , comedian , author and songwriter .
The rationals are a dense subset of the real numbers : every real number has rational numbers arbitrarily close to it . A related property is that rational numbers are the only numbers with finite expansions as regular continued fractions .
For her 13th birthday on 12 June 1942 , Frank received a book she had shown her father in a shop window a few days earlier .
Dives-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Freenet may also be considered a small world network .
He contributed drawings to The Bulletin , Worker , Sunday Times , Referee , and London Punch , but later became interested in aviation and radio , and did some remarkable work in connection with them .
Boca Raton ( ) is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida incorporated in May 1925 .
Siracourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Judas Priest 's core line-up consists of vocalist Rob Halford , guitarists Glenn Tipton , K.K. Downing , and bassist Ian Hill .
The city council is elected for five year terms .
Cunnilingus refers to oral sex performed on females while fellatio and irrumatio refer to oral sex performed on males .
He started his footballing career at the age of eight , when he began playing for a local club .
It would be the only Series the Dodgers won in Brooklyn ( the team relocated to Los Angeles after the 1957 season ) .
Since the foundation of the first Panhellenic Championship in season 1927-28 , only six clubs have won the title , with the '' big three '' of Athens ( Olympiacos , Panathinaikos and AEK Athens ) dominating and only PAOK , Aris and Larissa managing to break their dominance on a few occasions .
The NHL 's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion .
Before using Twinkle , one really should read its documentation to familiarize oneself with some of the possibilities and functions of Twinkle .
The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research , encourage conservation , and organize educational and recreational birding activities .
Other types of capital , such as Social capital and human capital are rarley treated like financial capital .
Sheffield United play at Bramall Lane , near the center of Sheffield .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
In woodsball , a bunker may consist of a fallen log , collection of wood debris , barrels , or other material .
Psamathe , also known as Neptune X , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Neptune .
They are found in several areas of northern and western South America , including eastern Panama , western Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , western Bolivia , and northwestern Argentina .
Chess passed from Persia to the Arab world , where its name changed to Arabic shatranj .
The northbridge typically handles communications among the CPU , RAM , BIOS ROM , and PCI Express ( or AGP ) video cards , and the southbridge .
This day and the one before and one after it is spent visiting the graves of deceased relatives , where prayers and flowers are offered , candles are lit and the graves themselves are cleaned , repaired and repainted .
This storm is known as the Calypso Hurricane .
Arette ( Areta in Occitan ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It features Samantha Morton as the voice of Ruby , Billy Rosemberg as the voice of Max and Julie Lemieux as Louise .
She appears frequently on the '' Hot 100 '' section of Maxim and was voted number one on AskMen.com 's list of '' 99 Most Desirable Women '' in 2006 , as well as '' Sexiest Woman in the World '' by FHM in 2007 .
The first official release of Halo 2 was in Canada , Australia , New Zealand and the United States on November 9 , 2004 .
Wikipedia is written collaboratively by .
This , however , does not mean the shadow may move faster than light , even when projected at vast distances , such as light years . The loss of light , which projects the shadow , will move towards the surface of projection at light speed .
North of Madison at Portage , the river turns to the west , flowing through Wisconsin 's hilly Western Upland and joining the Mississippi approximately 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Prairie du Chien .
The lake system formed over underlying river deltas and shifted in the flat landscape with slight tectonic movements , receiving sediments from the Uinta highland and the Rocky Mountains to the east and north .
Theon of Alexandria wrote a detailed treatise on the astrolabe , and argues that Ptolemy used an astrolabe to make the astronomical observations recorded in the Tetrabiblos .
Rotating vortices of subtle matter , they are considered the focal points for the reception and transmission of energies .
To save the game , players entered special portals , which have appeared in every Metroid game since . Metroid II is the only game in the series to show every stage of the Metroid creature 's development cycle ; the evolution stages that they go through are : Original , Alpha , Gamma , Zeta , Omega , and Queen .
The state has a territory covered mostly by jungle of the Amazon Rainforest , but about three-fifths of the state has been deforested since intensive settlement and logging began in the 1970s , escalating even to this day .
The Soviet Occupation Zone ( ; , Sovetskaya okkupatsionnaya zona Germanii , '' Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany '' ) was the area of central Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .
Thile began playing the mandolin at the age of five , taking occasional lessons from John Moore .
Walt Disney Pictures released it in the United States and Canada on June 27 , 2008 .
Flavy-le-Martel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In response to the second reference , the Court decided that the particular provision referred - section 4 of the School Attendance Bill , 1942 - was repugnant to the Constitution .
Professional sports teams in Kansas City include the Kansas City Chiefs in football , the Kansas City Royals in baseball , and Sporting Kansas City in soccer .
The forests surrounding Fort Nelson are part of Canada 's boreal forest .
The film also received four video releases ( and two DVD releases ) , being a hot-seller in 1985 ( this print was re-mastered and re-issued in 1986 ) .
In the United States , all Season One DVDs were encoded using NTSC .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player who currenttly plays for J. League side Cerezo Osaka .
Year-round full-time workers with a professional degree had an average income of $ 109,600 while those with a Master 's degree had an average income of $ 62,300 .
Some of the differences are : Variegated Fritillaries have 2 - 3 broods per year vs. one per year in Speyeria ; they are nomadic vs. sedentary ; and they use a wide range of host plants vs. just violets .
Permissibility determines the outcome of the infection .
These models were known as dwarf safeties , or safety bicycles , for their lower seat height and better weight distribution .
In Christian ecclesiology , full communion is the relationship of communion , with mutually recognized sharing of the same essential doctrines , between a Christian community and other communities or between that community and individuals .
Dr. John A. Zoidberg is a fictional character in the television series Futurama .
The Central Florida Sports Commission reported that the event created jobs and brought approximately 60,000 visitors to the city .
He has written several books and contributes science essays to publications such as The New York Times and Discover .
Its units are siemens per meter per molarity , or siemens meter-squared per mole .
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm increased the turbidity and lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife .
Nora killed two people in Mexico , and several indirect deaths were reported in California .
Villars is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The highest part of the Carpathians is the Tatra Mountains , along Poland 's southern border .
Up to sixteen species are currently recognized , including the domestic pig Sus scrofa or S. domesticus .
A Doppler radar is a specialized radar that makes use of the doppler effect to produce velocity data about objects at a distance .
Ancient '' Lost City '' Discovered in Peru , Official Claims Choquequirao - Considered to be the last bastion of Incan resistance against the Spaniards and refuge of Manco Inca Yupanqui .
Napoli 's league form had dropped lower , and relegation to Serie B came at the end of 1997 98 when they recorded only two wins all season .
The British arrested Chinnamalai and his brothers and kept them in Sankakiri prison .
After World War II , V12 engines became generally obsolete in aircraft due to the introduction of turbojet and turboprop engines , which had more power for their weight , and fewer complications in large aircraft .
South Asia is surrounded ( clockwise , from west ) by Western Asia , Central Asia , Eastern Asia , Southeastern Asia and the Indian Ocean .
Zest is the outer , colorful skin of citrus fruit , known botanically as the exocarp .
He played the character in the first five Bond films : Dr. No (/O1962/O) , From Russia with Love (/O1963/O) , Goldfinger (/O1964/O) , Thunderball (/O1965/O) , and You Only Live Twice (/O1967/O) -- then appeared again as Bond in Diamonds Are Forever (/O1971/O) and Never Say Never Again (/O1983/O) .
A wedding will be performed by a priest or a Civil Celebrant , as in Australia .
They appeared in a total 7 episodes of the show and then appeared in one episode of the spinoff The Suite Life on Deck in March 2010 .
The syllogistic logic developed by Aristotle predominated in the West until the mid-19th century , when interest in the foundations of mathematics stimulated the development of symbolic logic ( now called mathematical logic ) . In 1854 , George Boole published An Investigation of the Laws of Thought on Which are Founded the Mathematical Theories of Logic and Probabilities , introducing symbolic logic and the principles of what is now known as Boolean logic .
Malad City ( also commonly known as Malad ) is the only city in and the county seat of Oneida County , Idaho , United States .
Later , this successively became Ke Vinh , Vinh Giang , Vinh Doanh , and then Vinh Thi . Eventually , in 1789 , the official name became simply Vinh , probably under European influence .
Tails can be from long .
Polymer banknotes were developed by the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) , Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and The University of Melbourne and were first issued as currency in Australia in 1988 .
After the Revestment in 1765 the Lieutenant Governor and his officials were the agents of the British Government , and not democratically responsible to the Manx people .
An establishment that primarily makes and sells pizzas is called a '' pizzeria '' .
In French , Chocolat 's name translates to '' Best Chocolate '' . Chocolat 's name may be romanized as Chocolat or Chocola .
It was first held in 1928 .
The sport has become increasingly popular since then .
Inhabitants of New South Wales are referred to as being New South Welsh or New South Welshmen .
It is separated from the mainland of British Columbia by Johnstone Strait , and Queen Charlotte Strait on the northeast , and by the Strait of Georgia on the southeast , which along with the Strait of Juan de Fuca along its southwest separate it from the United States ( the Straits of Georgia and Juan de Fuca are now officially also part of the Salish Sea , which includes Puget Sound as well ) .
Early career Giotto 's master , Cimabue , was one of the two most highly renowned painters of Tuscany , the other being Duccio , who worked mainly in Siena .
Libra is ruled by the planet Venus ( which also rules Taurus ) .
All of the dictionaries included googol and googolplex , generally crediting it to the Kasner and Newman book and to Kasner 's nephew .
Both the imperial and United States customary systems of measurement derive from earlier English systems developed in England since the Battle of Hastings in 1066 .
In 2009 , the park saw an estimated 17.2 million visitors , making it the most visited theme park in the world .
April 16 & ndash ; The Battle of Culloden , the final pitched battle fought on British soil , brings an end to the Jacobite Rising .
Saddam married his first wife and cousin Sajida Talfah in 1963 in an arranged marriage .
The seeds have a musky flavor and are used as a pepper substitute .
The Ozarks ( also referred to as Ozarks Mountain Country , the Ozark Mountains , and the Ozark Plateau ) are a physiographic and geologic highland region of the central United States .
John Stuart , 3rd Earl of Bute , KG , PC ( 25 May 1713 10 March 1792 ) , styled Lord Mount Stuart before 1723 , was a Scottish nobleman who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain ( 1762 1763 ) under George III , and was arguably the last important favourite in British politics .
The term was used by the Brundtland Commission which coined what has become the most often-quoted definition of sustainable development as development that '' meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs .
Oleguer Presas i Renom ( born 2 February 1980 ) , simply Oleguer , is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for AFC Ajax in the Dutch first division .
A process for making silkier and smoother chocolate called conching was developed in 1879 by Swiss Rodolphe and made it easier to bake with chocolate as it '' amalgamates smoothly and completely with cake batters .
PaleoBiology Database : Canis aureus , age range and collections It is the largest of the jackals , and the only species to occur outside Africa , with 13 different subspecies being recognised .
An electronic multiplexer makes it possible for several signals to share one device or resource , for example one A/D converter or one communication line , instead of having one device per input signal .
Texas A&M University Corpus Christi , or Texas A&M Corpus Christi or often TAMU CC , or A&M - Corpus Christi , or A&M - CC , is a state university located in Corpus Christi , Texas , United States on Ward Island .
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is the Australian Federal Government agency responsible for managing the security and integrity of the Australian border , facilitating the movement of legitimate international travellers and goods , and collecting border related duties and taxes .
Domsure is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It has also gained moderate success in Europe , mainland Asia ( Korea , China ) , Argentina , Brazil , Canada and the United States .
The ( Eastern ) Black Swallowtail ( Papilio polyxenes ) also called the American Swallowtail or Parsnip Swallowtail , is a butterfly found throughout much of North America .
In the first case , a signal that is generated by means of a digital modulation method which is considered as converted to an analog signal , while it is considered as a digital signal in the second case .
Elizabeth Kocanski Carolan ( born November 24 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix .
It was created as a distinct division of the United Kingdom on 3 May 1921 under the Government of Ireland Act 1920 , Statutory Rules & Orders published by authority , 1921 ( No. 533 ) ; Additional source for 3 May 1921 date : Alvin Jackson , Home Rule - An Irish History , Oxford University Press , 2004 , p198 .
Wubi was born as an independent project and as such versions 7.04 and 7.10 were unofficial releases .
Chaetodipus goldmani - Goldman 's Pocket Mouse
Combat violence can be unilateral , whereas fighting implies at least a defensive reaction .
It is headed by the Federal Minister of Defence .
If velocity is relatively constant , the long run rate of increase in prices ( inflation ) is equal to the difference between the long run growth rate of money supply and the long run growth rate of real output .
They are characterised by the slipper-shaped pouches ( modified labellums ) of the flowers -- the pouch traps insects so they are forced to climb up past the staminode , behind which they collect or deposit pollinia , thus fertilising the flower .
XTC were a New WaveAllmusic XTC bio band from Swindon , England , active between 1976 and 2005 .
AKB48 is an all-female Japanese theater\/idol group produced by Yasushi Akimoto .
Or , simply put , the king is under direct attack and can not avoid being captured .
Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society 141 : 399-436 .
Pericles Raimundo Oliveira Chamusca , or simply known as Pericles Chamusca ( born September 29 , 1965 in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football manager .
See also Meristem Cork ( material ) Vascular cambium References Junikka , L. ( 1994 ) Macroscopic bark terminology .
Pistoia 's most splendid age began in 1177 when it proclaimed itself a free commune : in the following years it became an important political centre , erecting walls and several public and religious buildings .
Telford is a large new town in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire , England , approximately 13 m east of Shrewsbury , and 30 m west of Birmingham . With an estimated population of 162,300 in 2009 , Telford is by far the largest town in Shropshire , and one of the fastest growing towns in the United Kingdom .
This in turn derives from the Proto-Indo-European root * bhrgh meaning '' fortified elevation '' , with cognates including Welsh bera ( '' stack '' ) and Sanskrit bhrant - ( '' high , elevated building '' ) .
Avon , Alabama
Pistoia 's most splendid age began in 1177 when it proclaimed itself a free commune : in the following years it became an important political center , erecting walls and several public and religious buildings .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,227 .
The British WIM and author Cathy Forbes , in her book Nigel Short : Quest for the Crown ( Cadogan 1993 ) , wrote that at no time in the 1993 bidding process was a conforming World Championship match bid actually received by FIDE .
The County of London was created from parts of Kent , Middlesex and Surrey .
Education and poetry Not much is known about Dante 's education , and it is presumed he studied at home .
A chapter typically has two Coordinating Lead Authors , ten to fifteen Lead Authors , and a somewhat larger number of Contributing Authors .
Formally , a Markov chain is a discrete ( discrete-time ) random process with the Markov property .
By 07:40 , all five hijackers were aboard the flight , scheduled to depart at 07:45 .
It was the opposite of Platonism .
Celestia is a 3-D astronomy program created by Chris Laurel .
Elfman is famous for creating The Simpsons main title theme , and his role as Jack Skellington 's singing voice in The Nightmare Before Christmas .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by National Express East Anglia .
Mayot is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Augusta Ada King , Countess of Lovelace ( 10 December 1815 - 27 November 1852 ) , born Augusta Ada Byron , was an English writer chiefly known for her work on Charles Babbage 's early mechanical general-purpose computer , the analytical engine .
Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Democratic-Republican members of Congress departing for their home states , and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce .
Maisons is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The actions of police or detectives attempting to prevent or solve the crimes may also be chronicled , but are not the main focus of the story .
Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Atlantic Sun Conference ( A-Sun ) is a college athletic conference operating in the Southeastern United States . The conference participates in the NCAA 's Division I ; it does not sponsor football .
Whedon , Firefly Companion , Vol 1 , 114 Sean Maher recalls reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam , but that it was Whedon 's personality and vision that '' sealed the deal '' for him .
It has a subdorsal row of white spots ringed with black , a spiracular silver line with black edges , and six rows of black spines .
Coldrerio is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He discovered fertilization of sea urchins , he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis : in 1876 , he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell .
-- ) while the U.S. version is 16 U.S. fluid ounces and is equivalent to about 473 mL .
Anastasia : The Mystery of Anna ( Sometimes referred to as Anastasia : The Story of Anna ) is a 1986 Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning TV movie , starring Amy Irving , Olivia de Havilland and Jan Niklas .
February 3 & ndash ; Tulip mania collapses in the United Provinces ( now the Netherlands ) .
In many countries , the aristocracy either transformed into essentially bourgeoisie rentiers , or found itself overthrown by a bourgeois revolution .
This opening move , now referred to as '' Anderssen 's Opening '' , has never been popular in serious competition .
The Gospel links the escape to a verse from the Old Testament , interpreted as a prophecy : '' Out of Egypt I called My Son . ''
She was 1st in tournaments in New Delhi ( 1984 ) and Banja Luka ( 1985 ) and in the next decade she finished 1st in Belgrade ( 1992 ) , Vienna ( 1993 ) and in Lippstadt ( 1995 ) .
Assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism , but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticised to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice .
The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization , noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas , as well as its art , architecture , and mathematical and astronomical systems .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
She soon earns the attentions of two gentlemen : Lord Orville , a handsome and extremely eligible peer who is a pattern card of modest and becoming behavior , and Sir Clement Willoughby , a baronet with duplicitous intentions .
It works by counting the frequencies of data into discrete intervals ( bins ) , and then plotting a rectangle erected over each interval , with an area equal to the frequency of the observations in the interval .
The estate was purchased by Queen Victoria 's consort Prince Albert , and remains a favourite summer royal residence .
Pavlov referred to this as a conditioned stimulus ( CS ) .
The American Army then took control of Cagliari . Cagliari was strategically important during the war because of its location in the Mediterranean Sea .
However , a theme of gospel music is praise , worship or thanks to God , Christ , or the Holy Spirit .
Mrs Beeton is perhaps described better as its compiler and editor than as its author , many of the passages clearly being not her own words .
The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties ( or VCLT ) is a treaty concerning the customary international law on treaties between states .
Another of the town 's prominent features is Jacob 's Ladder , a staircase of 699 steps , built in 1829 to connect Jamestown to the former fort on Ladder Hill .
Lindi then began an extensive touring schedule which included touring with Noah & the Whale in the autumn of 2008 , performing at the 2009 SXSW festival in Austin , TX in March , and opening for Kevin Costner & The Modern West 's tour in July .
Knol is a Google project that aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .
André George Previn KBE ( born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 ) is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
Savoury versions may consist of meat , fish , mushrooms , cabbage , buckwheat groats or potato .
In the United Kingdom and some Commonwealth countries , pudding refers to rich , fairly homogeneous starch - or dairy-based desserts such as rice pudding and Christmas pudding , or , informally , any sweet dish after the main course . The word is also used for savory dishes such as Yorkshire pudding , black pudding , suet pudding and steak and kidney pudding .
The ferry service runs hourly from St. Thomas and daily from Tortola ; regular ferries also operate from Virgin Gorda , Jost Van Dyke and Anegada .
Following the success of the Ben 10 animated TV series and films , various Ben 10 merchandise has been released for general sale .
Grace Slick ( born Grace Barnett Wing ; October 30 , 1939 ) is an American singer and songwriter , who was one of the lead singers of the rock groups The Great Society , Jefferson Airplane , Jefferson Starship , and Starship , and was a solo artist , for nearly three decades , from the mid-1960s to the mid-1990s .
Sir ( Herbert ) Hamilton Harty ( 4 December 1879 19 February 1941 ) was an Irish and British composer , conductor and accompanist .
Brione is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken . Duck and goose eggs , and smaller eggs such as quail eggs are occasionally used as a gourmet ingredient , as are the largest bird eggs , from ostriches .
His name is sometimes cited as Harry Lee Kuan Yew , although this first name is seldom used in official settings .
The experience with his son 's drug addiction turned Robinson , Sr. into an avid anti-drug crusader toward the end of his life .
The duo achieved chart success with their first single '' Walking on a Dream '' which peaked at number ten on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and reached number sixty four on the UK Singles Chart .
The search box does not share code with the Ask toolbar ; instead the box redirects queries to the Ask search engine .
William Hubbs Rehnquist ( October 1 , 1924 - September 3 , 2005 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and political figure who served as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States and later as the 16th Chief Justice of the United States .
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders are a family of sleep disorders affecting , among other things , the timing of sleep .
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
Foxe died April 18 , 1587 and was buried at St. Giles 's , Cripplegate .
He had previously been defensive coordinator for the LSU Tigers , Oklahoma Sooners , and the Nebraska Cornhuskers .
The justification for this was that when a woman married , her lord was losing a worker .
Each petal is divided into two distinct lobes and is usually white or pink , though in a few species yellow or red .
The nomes were numbered in a more or less orderly fashion south to north through the Nile delta , first covering the territory on the west before continuing with the higher numbers to the east .
Ozamiz is a 2nd class city in the province of Misamis Occidental , Philippines .
Yerba Buena ( D.M. )
It is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . The license is also GPL-compatible , meaning that the GPL permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the MIT License .
In July 2008 , they performed on MTV 's TRL as part of On The Radar , a segment where popular unsigned bands perform .
In 2002-2003 , a much larger eruption threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as Libya , 600 km south across the Mediterranean Sea .
The Attorney General serves as a member of the President 's Cabinet , but is the only cabinet department head who is not given the title Secretary , besides the now independent Postmaster General .
A mixotroph is a microorganism that can use a mix of different sources of energy and carbon .
As Clark Kent , Superman lives among humans as a '' mild-mannered reporter '' for the Metropolis newspaper Daily Planet ( Daily Star in the earliest stories ) .
Natron deposits are sometimes found in saline lake beds which arose in arid environments .
Dharamshala or Dharamsala ( , or ; ) is a city in northern India .
The capacity of the aircraft was 158 passengers but the September 11 flight carried only 81 passengers and 11 crew members .
WWE invested an estimated $ 20 million dollars on new recording and broadcasting equipment to prepare for the move , as well as new pyrotechnics and lighting .
Premier League teams playing in the 2010 - 11 Premier League season are indicated in bold .
Ashland is a city in Boyd County , Kentucky , United States , nestled along the banks of the Ohio River .
International Criminal Court , 18 October 2007 .
Martinsburg is a city in the Eastern Panhandle region of West Virginia , United States .
Macogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Naturists reject contemporary standards of modesty which discourage personal , family and social nudity , and seek to create a social environment where people feel comfortable in the company of nude people , and being seen nude , either just by other naturists , or also by the general public .
Missy-aux-Bois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Vectra was introduced in 1988 as a replacement to the Opel Ascona and itself was replaced in 2008 by the Opel Insignia , which will retain the Chevrolet Vectra name for the Latin American market .
The first nationally formalised rules were drawn up by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) in Ireland in 1884 .
Tang 's reign was regarded as a good one by the Chinese .
Barcodes originally were scanned by special -- optical scanners called barcode readers , scanners and interpretive software are available on devices including desktop printers and smartphones .
With their subsequent albums , the duo solidified their status as R&B artists and are credited as the first R&B duo of South Korea .
Wikipedia is available in languages other than English .
Wright 's paintings of royalty and aristocracy are included amongst the collections of many leading galleries today .
It was through college play that American football first gained popularity in the United States .
Career McDowell was born in Rossville , Tennessee , near Memphis .
James II of Scotland ( Holyrood Palace , Edinburgh , 16 October 1430 3 August 1460 ) reigned as king of Scots from 1437 to 1460 .
Charles W. Andrews , A Monograph of Christmas Island , London ,1900 .
Sapphire is a saturated shade of blue , referring to the gem of the same name .
Takamoto left Disney in 1961 and joined Hanna-Barbera Productions shortly thereafter .
Olympiastadion - Helsinki ( 1940 , 1952 )
In the upper part of the vertebral column , spinal nerves exit directly from the spinal cord , whereas in the lower part of the vertebral column nerves pass further down the column before exiting .
Eoin Colfer ( , '' Owen '' ; born 14 May 1965 ) is an Irish author and comedian .
In the Foster 's Home For Imaginary Friends universe , imaginary friends ( or '' friends '' for short ) become physical beings the instant a child imagines them ; unlike how the concept often works on other shows , an Imaginary Friend takes physical and emotional form after a child creates specific details about that character .
The term ground zero ( sometimes also known as surface zero as distinguished from zero point ) describes the point on the Earth 's surface closest to a detonation . In the case of an explosion above the ground , ground zero refers to the point on the ground directly below the detonation ( see hypocenter ) .
October & ndash ; In England , the Second Barons ' War winds down as supporters of the slain rebel leader Simon de Montfort make an offer of peace to the king in the Dictum of Kenilworth ; after slight modifications to the peace settlement , it is agreed to the following year .
Versainville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
James VII issued letters patent '' reviving and restoring the Order of the Thistle to its full glory , lustre and magnificency '' on 29 May 1687 .
New Horizons encounter In February and March 2007 , the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto captured Elara in several LORRI images from a distance of five million miles , helping to determine its shape .
The GAA also promotes Irish music and dance , and the Irish language .
Avon , South Australia
Martin Van Buren was born in the village of Kinderhook , New York , on December 5 , 1782 , approximately 25 miles south of Albany .
Afterwards one of the teens shows the group a drug that appears to be Crack , just then what appears to be the cops show up .
Conrad II , Holy Roman Emperor ( approximate )
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
Carmen : A Hip Hopera is a 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend .
In the United Kingdom and Ireland , the heatless varieties are called '' capsicums '' , '' sweet peppers '' or '' peppers '' ( or '' green peppers , '' '' red peppers , '' etc ) while the hot ones are '' chilli/chillies '' ( double L ) or '' chilli peppers '' .
At one time , he received a seven-inch gash in his leg .
Inghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A large-scale working model of this device can be seen at the Museum of Science , Boston in the Mathematica exhibit .
The University of Denver is a coeducational , four-year university in Denver , Colorado .
Kannada has 38 million and was awarded the status of classical language in 2008 [ ] , while Malayalam is considered to have begun as a dialect of old Tamil , had 33 million native speakers .
Kevin Michael '' Toby '' McKeehan ( born October 22 , 1964 in Fairfax , Virginia ) , professionally known as tobyMac , is a Grammy Award winning artist , producer , and songwriter .
Child grooming refers to actions deliberately undertaken with the aim of befriending and establishing an emotional connection with a child , in order to lower the child 's inhibitions in preparation for sexual activity with the child , or exploitation ( such as child labor - see trafficking of children ) .
Analysis of his name has led to beliefs that he descended from earlier Roman colonists .
In the west and southwest , the plateaus and deserts merge into those of Iran .
Colonial Heights is an independent city in Virginia , United States .
However , the difference between the Kuiper belt and the scattered disc is not clearcut , and many astronomers see the scattered disc not as a separate population but as an outward region of the Kuiper belt . Another term used is '' scattered Kuiper belt object '' ( or SKBO ) for bodies of the scattered disc .
His mother died when he was 6 , and he left home at 13 .
In mathematics , an identity element ( or neutral element ) is a special type of element of a set with respect to a binary operation on that set .
Outside platform games , he has appeared in video games of other genres , including the Mario Kart racing series , sports games , such as the Mario Tennis and Mario Golf series , and role-playing games .
Samuel Pepys , FRS ( '' peeps '' ; 23 February 1633 -- 26 May 1703 ) was an English naval administrator and Member of Parliament , who is now most famous for his diary .
Avon , New Brunswick , in the province of New Brunswick
Several major world languages have undergone wholesale spelling reforms : Spanish ( in the 18th century ) , Portuguese ( in 1911 and 1945 , in Portugal , and in 1946 , 1971 , and 2009 , in Brazil ) , German ( in 1901\/02 and 1996\/98 ) , Irish in 1948 and Russian ( in 1708 and 1919 ) .
In 2001 , the Bank of Scotland and the Halifax agreed a merger to form HBOS ( '' Halifax Bank of Scotland '' ) .
He disembarks , dismisses the swan , respectfully greets the king , and asks Elsa if she will have him as her champion .
Minnesota Birth Index , 1935-2002 .
The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks , including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic '' Jungle Boogie '' by The French , and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper .
A number can be symbolic of a player 's legacy , and has resulted in all kinds of superstition .
This deal established SIP/SIMPLE as a standard for protocol interoperability and established a connectivity fee for accessing public instant messaging clouds .
After she suffered from bronchopneumonia as a child , her parents were advised it would aid her recovery if they were to live in a warmer climate .
Moulon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Marcelo Bielsa ( nicknamed El Loco Bielsa , '' Madman '' Bielsa ) ( born July 21 , 1955 ) is an association football coach and former defender , born in Rosario , .
Simone Inzaghi ( born 5 April 1976 in Piacenza , Emilia-Romagna ) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for S.S. Lazio , as a striker .
For his French-born great-grandson , see Jean-Dominique Cassini . Giovanni Domenico Cassini ( June 8 , 1625 - September 14 , 1712 ) was an Italian\/French mathematician , astronomer , engineer , and astrologer .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
The Italian republican constitution goes into effect .
The Perfect Fool is an opera in one act with music and libretto by the English composer Gustav Holst .
Kristanna Sommer Loken ( born October 8 , 1979 ) is an American actress known for her work in both film and television , and as a fashion model .
Biography Early life Stevens was born in Detroit , Michigan and grew up there until he was nine .
It is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils , six of which form the tehsil capital Sadiqabad .
March 27 & ndash ; Heinrich Mann , German writer ( d. 1950 )
Keisuke Hada ( born February 20 , 1982 ) is a retired Japanese footballer .
Another biographical parallel involves the relationship between Luckless and Mrs Moneywood , which is similar to Fielding 's own relationship with Jan Oson , his landlord during his stay in Leiden in early 1729 .
Varying colours revealed recently suggest a possibility of a large crater , leading to an alternative hypothesis that Erriapus and Tarvos could be fragments of Albiorix following a near break-up collision with another body .
Hiromi Hara is a retired Japanese football player .
Saint Walpurga herself was a niece of Saint Boniface and , according to legend , a daughter of the Saxon prince St. Richard .
About 78 % of the oblast 's population voted in favor of autonomy ; however , it was not granted .
Iron ( III ) oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula Fe2O3 .
Thomas Heatherwick was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Arts by Manchester Metropolitan University - his alma mater - on 21 July 2007 in recognition of his design work across a broad spectrum of architecture , engineering and public art , achieving national and international acclaim for his innovative use of materials , his eclectic range of projects , and the resolution of them in new and exciting ways .
The single was released as the fourth and final single from the album early in 2004 .
As a result of a twentieth-century effort by architects and decorators to strip the parlor of its burial and mourning associations , helped by the advent of funeral parlors , in most homes the parlor has been replaced by the living room .
Currently , the full sponsored name of the league is the Principality Building Society Welsh Premier Football League .
In North India and Pakistan , the caracal is locally known as syahgosh ( \/O/ ) or shyahgosh , which is a Persian-derived term meaning black ears .
The related term enumeration refers to determining the number of elements of a finite ( combinatorial ) set in some manner , not necessarily by explicitly counting in the above sense .
Verdilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Rotor ( brake mechanism ) , a device that allows the handlebars and fork to revolve indefinitely without tangling the rear brake cable
The population of 1600 consists largely of a Croatian-speaking community , with some ethnic Hungarians , Slovaks and Germans .
Biblical scholars of the time such as Justus Lipsius ( 1547 -- 1606 ) and Athanasius Kircher ( c. 1601 -- 80 ) were also beginning to subject the Ark story to rigorous scrutiny as they attempted to harmonise the biblical account with natural historical knowledge .
The choice of '' buffalo '' rather than '' buffaloes '' as the plural form of the noun makes it identical to the verb .
A disturbance to the southwest of Guam developed into Tropical Storm Roger on October 3 , and later on the same day the tropical disturbance which would later become Typhoon Tip developed to the south of Pohnpei .
The 109 first saw operational service during the Spanish Civil War and was still in service at the dawn of the jet age at the end of World War II , during which time it was the backbone of the Luftwaffe 's fighter force .
Foreign news broadcasters including CNN and the BBC were immediately blocked ; heavy censorship was applied to personal communications .
Cameron University & ndash ; Lawton , Oklahoma
He is often erroneously named as the last person to die in the attempt to cross the wall , but he was in fact only the last to be killed through the use of weapons , and the second-last to die in an escape attempt .
Specifically , the tribe owns Comanche Nation Games in Lawton , Comanche Red River Casino in Devol , Comanche Spur Casino in Elgin , Comanche Star Casino in Walters , and Comanche Smokeshop and Game Center , also in Walters , Oklahoma .
She has been playing on the WTA tour since 1993 and is a former World No. 7 .
There is also the Village of Friendship in Adams County .
Therefore , all primordial curium , that is curium present on the Earth during its formation , should have decayed by now . Curium is produced artificially , in small quantities for research purposes .
LuaLua was born in Kinshasa but moved to the United Kingdom at a young age .
His five-volume Historiae animalium ( 1551-1558 ) is considered the beginning of modern zoology , and the flowering plant genus Gesneria ( Gesneriaceae ) is named after him .
Their meeting was likely arranged by the influential critic Vladimir Stasov who followed both of their careers with interest .
International law requires nations to declare when they mine an area , in order to make it easier for civil shipping to avoid the mines .
They may block sites about things like birth control , drug use and date rape .
She is the younger sister of singer/songwriter Britney Spears .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time .
The Lord Mayor is elected each year at Michaelmas ` Common Hall ' , and takes office on the Friday before the second Saturday in November , at ` The Silent Ceremony ' .
Matthews ' father , Clay Matthews , Jr. , played the third most games in NFL history ( 278 ) over 19 seasons as a linebacker for the Cleveland Browns and Atlanta Falcons while earning 4 Pro Bowl selections . Matthews ' uncle , Bruce Matthews , played as an offensive lineman for 19 years in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers\/Tennessee Titans franchise after being drafted out of USC in 1983 .
It is one of the oldest extant texts of any Indo-European language .
During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated to Bristol , where it suffered from bombing , and to Bedford , where Boult strove to maintain standards and morale as many key players left .
Brighton , Indiana
They were married on 19 October 1953 in Epsom , Surrey ; Schwarzkopf thus acquired British citizenship by marriage .
It was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 in Japan and Europe and 2005 in North America .
The couple married on November 17 , 1934 at St. Mark 's Episcopal Church in San Antonio , Texas .
Tatsuro Shiji ( born October 20 , 1938 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Texas blues differs from styles such as Chicago blues in its use of instruments and sounds , especially the heavy use of the guitar .
The southernmost part by Parliament Square is Parliament Street , but there is no longer any obvious distinction between the two on the ground .
He first reached fame as one half of the Fry and Laurie double act , along with his friend and comedy partner Stephen Fry , whom he joined in the cast of Blackadder and Jeeves and Wooster from 1987 until 1999 .
His personal house in Midland , the Midland Center for the Arts , as well as the current building for the Grace A. Dow Library ( named in honor of his mother ) are examples of his work based in his hometown .
The Report is also known as the Virginia Report of 1800 , the Report of 1799 , Madison 's Report or the Report on the Alien and Sedition Acts .
Roberto Di Matteo ( born 29 May 1970 in Schaffhausen , Canton of Schaffhausen ) is a Swiss-born Italian former professional footballer and current manager of West Bromwich Albion .
Wagner argued in letters to Darwin that the latter had missed a vital geographic component in understanding the evolution of new species .
In the 1880s , the International Electrical Congress , now the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC ) , approved the volt as the unit for electromotive force .
Amir tells us that his first word was ` Baba ' and Hassan 's '' Amir , ' suggesting that Amir looked up most to Baba , while Hassan looked up to Amir .
It is filmed primarily at Universal Studios in Universal City , California .
Despite suggestions of racism by critics such as Richard Schickel , many historians such as Zoe Pritchard reject these claims .
Reciprocating Compressor Basics Adam Davis , Noria Corporation , Machinery Lubrication , July 2005 Small reciprocating compressors from 5 to 30 horsepower ( hp ) are commonly seen in automotive applications and are typically for intermittent duty .
Remote subsea wells may also be connected to a platform by flow lines and by umbilical connections ; these subsea solutions may consist of single wells or of a manifold center for multiple wells .
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of the J-League .
The national flag of Pakistan was adopted in its present form during a meeting of the Constituent Assembly on August 11 , 1947 , just three days before the country 's independence , when it became the official flag of the Dominion of Pakistan .
The program follows and stars a group of five teenaged friends who are interested in the paranormal and explore reportedly haunted sites to discover any paranormal activity .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
The hypothesis suggests that the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language ( PIE ) lived in Anatolia during the Neolithic era , and associates the distribution of historical Indo-European languages with the expansion during the Neolithic revolution during the seventh and sixth millennia BC .
The bell tower is from the 14th-15th centuries .
Its full title is Liber AL vel Legis , sub figura CCXX , as delivered by XCIII = 418 to DCLXVI , and it is commonly referred to as The Book of the Law .
The river Rhine creates the border in the northwest .
Several allotropes of boron exist : amorphous boron is a brown powder ; whereas crystalline boron is black , extremely hard ( 9.3 on Mohs ' scale ) , and a poor conductor at room temperature .
Otho seizes power in Rome , proclaims himself emperor , and reigns for three months before committing suicide .
This is the only merger of states that has taken place in the history of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks occur .
The Mongol Golden Horde invades the Bessarabia region of Moldavia .
He played for the German national team ( from 1994 to 2006 ) , where he was starting goalkeeper of the 2002 World Cup squad which reached the Finals and won the FIFA World Cup Golden Ball for his performance .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
It was the first Pakistani film to complete 75 weeks in cinemas and , thus , became the first Pakistani '' Platinum Jubilee '' film .
It follows a retrograde , modestly inclined but highly eccentric orbit .
Adaptive chosen-plaintext attack , where the cryptanalyst makes a series of interactive queries , choosing subsequent plaintexts based on the information from the previous encryptions .
Political influence on the IPCC has been documented by the release of a memo by ExxonMobil to the Bush administration , and its effects on the IPCC 's leadership .
The technology was introduced at the end of the 1980s .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) .
Charles IV ( Carlos Antonio Pascual Francisco Javier Juan Nepomuceno Jose Januario Serafin Diego ; 11 November 1748 -- 20 January 1819 ) was King of Spain from 14 December 1788 until his abdication on 19 March 1808 .
In 1925 , he shot his first Armenian film and moved to Armenia .
For this reason it is an important tool of jazz musicians and composers for teaching and learning jazz theory and set arrangement .
Brett Gurewitz attributed his anger towards former U.S. president George W. Bush as the major inspiration for The Empire Strikes First .
Discovery Channel ( formerly The Discovery Channel ) is an Asian satellite and cable TV channel which provides documentary programming .
Apple 's subsequent 1996 buyout of NeXT brought Jobs back to the company he co-founded , and he has served as its CEO since 1997 .
Japanese folklore is often divided into several categories : mukashibanashi , tales of long ago ; namidabanashi , sad stories ; obakebanashi , ghost stories ; ongaeshibanashi , stories of repaying kindness ; tonchibanashi , witty stories ; waraibanashi , funny stories ; and yokubaribanashi , stories of greed .
Tenero-Contra is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Piper preferred lip syncing during performances .
Killzone 2 is a first-person shooter for the PlayStation 3 , developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
His younger brother Shogo was also an Olympic footballer of Japan .
Throughout most of Christianity 's history , corporate Christian worship has been primarily liturgical , characterized by prayers and hymns , with texts rooted in , or closely related to , the Scripture , particularly the Psalter ; this form of sacramental and ceremonial worship is still practiced by the Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , and Anglican churches , as well as some Protestant denominations such as Lutheranism and Methodism .
Kyle became Ion , who is later revealed to be the manifestation of willpower in the same way Parallax is fear .
Another mercury compound Merbromin ( Mercurochrome ) is a topical antiseptic used for minor cuts and scrapes is still in use in some countries .
Carsten Niebuhr or Karsten Niebuhr ( March 17 , 1733 -- April 26 , 1815 ) , a German mathematician , cartographer , and explorer in the service of Denmark , is renowmed for his travels on the Arabian peninsula .
Both hastati and principes were each armed with a gladius - a short , 60 centimeter ( 2 foot ) sword - and each had two hasta ( thrusting spear ) .
One of his last compositions was the Himne a les Nacions Unides ( Hymn of the United Nations ) ; he conducted its first performance in a special concert at the United Nations on October 24 , 1971 , 2 months before his 95th birthday .
With regard to the number of toenails : the African bush elephant normally has four toenails on the front foot and three on the hind feet , the African forest elephant normally has five toenails on the front foot and four on the hind foot ( like the Asian elephant ) , but hybrids between the two species commonly occur .
In 2003 , Lindeberg published a Swedish language medical textbook on the subject .
Carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of blackletter .
Located 38 miles ( 62 km ) south of London , 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Brighton and Hove , and 29 miles ( 47 km ) east-northeast of the county town of Chichester , it occupies an area of 2,339.57 acres ( 946.79 hectares ) and had a population of 28,803 at the time of the 2001 Census , making it the most populous parish in the district .
Secqueville-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Nouakchott is built around a large tree-lined street , Avenue Abdel Nasir , which runs northeast through the city center from the airport .
This latter is a vast quadrangular room covering a surface area of about 90 m , the astronomical ceiling of which is supported by four pillars entirely covered with decoration .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
Querelle de Brest (/O1947/O) is set in the midst of the port town of Brest , where sailors and the sea are associated with murder ; and Funeral Rites (/O1949/O) is a story of love and betrayal across political divides , written this time for the narrator 's lover , Jean Decarnin , killed by the Germans in WWII .
Gennes-sur-Glaize is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
William Morris '' Billy '' Hughes , CH , KC ( 25 September 1862 - 28 October 1952 ) , Australian politician , was the seventh Prime Minister of Australia from 1915 to 1923 .
In 1763 he made observations in Auvergne , recognizing that the prismatic basalts were old lava streams , comparing them with the columns of the Giant 's Causeway in Ireland , and referring them to the operations of extinct volcanoes .
One of his best results occurred at the Tilburg tournament in 1984 , where , from a strong field , he emerged sole winner by a clear margin of one and a half points .
Sturgis is a city in Union County , Kentucky , United States .
It is also one of the major cities in the Caribbean .
The deal was discontinued by incoming mayor Boris Johnson ( effective from September 2008 ) , saying third world nations should n't subsidise rich ones .
Neolithic In Tamil Nadu , the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE .
Consequently , mosque architects borrowed the shape of the bell tower for their minarets , which were used for essentially the same purpose -- calling the faithful to prayer .
Jupiter 's volume is equal to 1,317 Earths , yet is only 318 times as massive .
From the other characters ' perspectives , Hobbes is Calvin 's stuffed tiger . From Calvin 's point of view Hobbes is an anthropomorphic tiger , much larger than Calvin and full of independent attitudes and ideas .
The population of the city ( commune ) at the 1999 census was 70,850 inhabitants ( 71,300 inhabitants as per February 2004 estimates ) .
Despite relatively heavy promotion , the film is notorious for being one of the least-profitable films of 2008 .
It was the second-deadliest quake in recorded history in Taiwan , after the 1935 Hsinchu-Taichung earthquake .
Outside of chemical science , ferrous is an adjective used to indicate the presence of iron . The word is derived from the Latin word ferrum ( '' iron '' ) .
Sir Augustus Frederick D'Este KCB KCH ( 1794 - 1848 ) was the son of Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex and Lady Augusta Murray and the grandson of George III .
Lee had a younger sister who died in 1987 at the age of three from an unidentified illness .
Messon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Large granular lymphocytes include natural killer cells ( NK cells ) .
Warrnambool is a regional city located on the south-western coast of Victoria , Australia in the City of Warrnambool Local Government Area .
A mountain is generally steeper than a hill .
Its watershed encompasses about 7,000 sq .
Marco Donadel ( born 21 April 1983 in Conegliano , Province of Treviso ) is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for ACF Fiorentina .
Project Mascot Abi the Ant .
Lagorce is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
August 22 & ndash ; John Dudley , 1st Duke of Northumberland , a supporter of Lady Jane Grey , is executed .
The radius of the parent asteroid was probably about 89 km , only slightly larger than that of Himalia , which retains approximately 87 % of the mass of the original body .
Chacrise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
If this is a shared IP address , and you did n't make the edit , consider creating an account for yourself so you can avoid further irrelevant notices .
Punk Goes Pop 2 with '' When I Grow Up '' , originally by Pussycat Dolls
Vanilla is a flavoring derived from orchids of the genus Vanilla native to Mexico .
Jefferson 's reputation was damaged by the Embargo Act of 1807 , which was ineffective .
Goma : sesame seeds .
In order to keep from crossing nations internally , however , the line deviates to pass around the far east of Russia and various island groups in the Pacific .
The Class 221 are similar to the Class 220 Voyager units , but they have a tilting mechanism enabling up to six degrees of tilt to allow higher speeds on curved tracks .
The amount of capsaicin in hot peppers varies significantly between varieties , and is measured in Scoville heat units ( SHU ) .
A quill is a pen made from a flight feather of a large bird , most often a goose .
In 1972 he returned to England and re-recorded some songs for the album , Dingo .
The seal prominently features a map showing one of the state 's most valuable resources -- its major rivers .
Development delay , leak and release The game was first announced in November 2001 and had its release date , originally in 2003 , pushed back several times .
There is a maximum score of 250 points .
He passed his second state examination in law in Hamburg in 1954 and became a solicitor in Bremen .
In the early 1960s , as the Interstate Highway System was being built throughout the United States , east-west travel through western Maryland was difficult , as US 40 , the predecessor to , was a two-lane country road with steep grades and hairpin turns .
HTTP functions as a request-response protocol in the client-server computing model .
The simplest eyes do nothing but detect whether the area around is light or dark .
Slumdog Millionaire was nominated for 10 Academy Awards in 2009 and won eight , the most for any film of 2008 , including Best Picture , Best Director , and Best Adapted Screenplay .
It was created in the mid-15th century , and is now the official script of both North Korea and South Korea , being co-official in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture of China .
River dolphins There are four living species of dolphin which reside in freshwater rivers and estuaries .
The Goddards decided not to take Norma Jeane with them ( the reasoning why was never made clear ) ; thus Grace needed to find a home for her before they moved .
A large share of exports consists of petroleum products made from imported crude oil .
People have been using metals for a variety of purposes since prehistoric times .
Sulla gave in reluctantly , and is said to have declared that he saw many a Marius in Caesar .
The Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis ( ; also known as the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis ) , located in the Leeward Islands , is a federal two-island nation in the West Indies .
He later spent time in Japan , and some have seen an influence from Zen Buddhism in his work .
The goal is to develop a low-cost series to allow young drivers a chance to compete in the highest tiers of motorsport .
The 400s decade ran from January 1 , 400 , to December 31 , 409 .
The stand was renamed The Phil O'Donnell Stand in honor of the late Motherwell captain who died on the Fir Park pitch .
Peter Michael Ainsworth ( born 16 November 1956 ) is a former Conservative politician in the United Kingdom .
In September 2001 , he went to Wolverhampton Wanderers on a three-month loan , scoring two goals in his first two games .
Clarence Ray Nagin , Jr. ( ; born June 11 , 1956 ) is the mayor of New Orleans .
Olonne-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
A shield and sword-wielding mermaid ( Syrenka ) is on the official Coat of arms of Warsaw .
Ronald Belford '' Bon '' Scott ( 9 July 1946 - 19 February 1980 ) was a Scottish-born Australian rock musician , best known for being the lead singer and lyricist of Australian hard rock band AC\/DC from 1974 until his death in 1980 .
To propose a new fact for this template , make a suggestion on the talk page .
He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area between and including North Karnataka , through Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh , and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River .
In computing , a Las Vegas algorithm is a randomized algorithm that always gives correct results ; that is , it always produces the correct result or it informs about the failure .
Following its discovery , Mab was given the temporary designation S/2003 U 1 .
In 1905 , Cortot formed a trio with Jacques Thibaud and Pablo Casals , which established itself as the leading piano trio of its era .
Alberto Ascari ( 13 July 1918 - 26 May 1955 ) was an Italian racing driver and twice Formula One World Champion .
The term classical liberalism was applied in retrospect to distinguish earlier nineteenth-century liberalism from the newer social liberalism . The phrase classical liberalism is also sometimes used to refer to all forms of liberalism before the twentieth century , and some conservatives and libertarians use the term classical liberalism to describe their belief in the primacy of economic freedom and minimal government .
Timothy James Rice-Oxley ( born 2 June 1976 ) , is an English multi-instrumentalist , best known as co-founder , the principal composer and pianist , backing vocalist of piano rock band Keane .
A second cover version , by Barnicle , entered the UK Singles Chart ( published August 3 , 2008 ) at position # 116 .
Holger Osieck is a German football coach .
During the 19th century , Parma remained largely agricultural .
Carsten Ramelow ( ; born 20 March 1974 in Berlin ) is a retired German international footballer who last played for Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen .
The couple had two children , Millard Powers Fillmore and Mary Abigail Fillmore .
DVD containing this live footage along with bonus materials was released by Nuclear Blast on June 29 , 2004 .
Beside Hungarian and Croatian , he spoke German , Spanish , English , French and Esperanto .
Talcott Parsons ( December 13 , 1902 - May 8 , 1979 ) was an American sociologist who served on the faculty of Harvard University from 1927 to 1973 .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Union Sportive de la Comoé .
In 1942 he made his Metropolitan Opera debut ; he conducted the company regularly for the next four years . In 1943 he made his New York Philharmonic debut .
Escaudes is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Except where specifically prohibited in the field descriptions below , most fields can be wikilinked ( e.g. ) , but should generally only be linked to an existing Wikipedia article . Wikilinked fields must escape the characters rather than including them directly .
However , del Toro has stated that the faun in the film is not Pan .
The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) before encountering cooler waters and weakening .
Mike Shaw ( May 9 , 1957 - September 11 , 2010 ) was a professional wrestler who was best known for his stint in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) as Norman The Lunatic , and as Bastion Booger in the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) .
Fewer than a quarter of a million people speak English as their first language .
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .
The northern frontier extends approximately 1,689 km southwestward , from the Pamir Mountains in the northeast to a region of hills and deserts in the west , at the border with Iran .
Such flag days are standard throughout the United Kingdom , with the exception of Merchant Navy Day , ( 3 September ) , which is a specific flag day in Scotland during which the Red Ensign of the Merchant Navy may be flown on land in place of either the Saltire or Union Flag .
Richard started all but one of the games he pitched that season .
Contained within Temple Square proper are the Salt Lake Temple , Salt Lake Tabernacle , Salt Lake Assembly Hall , the Seagull Monument and two visitors ' centers .
This decree granted peasants identification documents , with an unrestricted right to move within the country -- thus detaching them from the piece of land where they had worked .
His family , including Dorothy , moved to Rydal Mount , Ambleside ( between Grasmere and Rydal Water ) in 1813 , where he spent the rest of his life .
Beyond their defensive utility many walls also had important symbolic functions - representing the status and independence of the communities they embraced .
For southern hemisphere cyclones by storm , see : Category : Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclones . For seasons in other basins , see : Category : Tropical cyclones by season .
The Debian Free Software Guidelines ( DFSG ) is a set of guidelines that the Debian Project uses to determine whether a software license is a free software license , which in turn is used to determine whether a piece of software can be included in Debian .
Several national forms existed , with different lengths , including the Scottish ell ( approx . 37 i ) , the Flemish ell ( 27 i ) , the French ell ( 54 i ) .
For example , during the last half of the 19th century , many grist mills were built at Saint Anthony Falls , utilizing the 50-foot ( 15 m ) drop in the Mississippi River .
Poieni-Solca is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
In 2005 , Tennis Magazine ranked her as the 17th-best player in 40 years .
This hardcover edition contained full color illustrations and photographs to help further explain the text , as well as the addition of topics that were not included in the original book .
He was diagnosed with haemophilia as a baby , which later led to his death as an adult .
Aubigny-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Mi Fu 's style name was Yuanzhang ( ) with several sobriquets : Nangong ( ) , Lumen Jushi ( ) , Xiangyang Manshi ( ) , and Haiyue Waishi ( ) , also known as Mi Fei ( ) , was a Chinese painter , poet , and calligrapher born in Taiyuan , Shanxi during the Song Dynasty .
The following year Woodall and Constantine released their second book , What Not to Wear , which gained them a British Book Award '' British Book Awards '' .
Shigemaru Takenokoshi ( February 15 , 1906 & ndash ; October 6 , 1980 ) was a Japanese football player and manager .
The household in the UK is further divided into two parts : an ecclesiastical household each for England and Scotland , belonging to the Church of Scotland and the Church of England , respectively , while in Canada the household is a part of the Anglican Church of Canada .
This release is different to the bonus disc found on the original album 's deluxe edition in that it excludes the remixes of '' SOS '' and of the bonus tracks '' Cry '' and '' Haunted '' .
The music video starts with the band playing , and then moves on to the friends going to a restaurant to eat and starts having a food fight , with intervals of the band playing .
When the series debuted , it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic ; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each .
In the New Testament the term ( church or assembly ) is used for local communities and in a universal sense to mean all believers .
He made several discoveries and inventions including a system of latitude and longitude .
Bernd Franke ( born 12 February 1948 ) is a former German football player .
Saturn 's moon Mimas has a more spherical shape due to a lower density , despite being less massive than Proteus .
He was the first person to make the distinction between organic compounds ( those containing carbon ) , and inorganic compounds .
An even more unusual move is the en passant capture .
Formerly a branch of the Iranian Parthian Arsacids , they became a distinctly Armenian dynasty .
Including nearby municipalities , Alicante conurbation was populated by 458,843 residents .
Jackson Citizen Patriot : October 21 , 2007-Halloween blow-ups vandalized in Springport by Jake May Less vandalous though , is the ever-popular '' Ding-Dong Ditch '' : in this ` game ' , people ring doorbells or knock on doors , and then run and hide somewhere nearby .
The first pasteurization test was completed by Louis Pasteur and Claude Bernard on April 20 , 1864 .
Empirical laws are typically conclusions based on repeated scientific experiments and simple observations , over many years , and which have become accepted universally within the scientific community .
Wil was a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The group , traditionally recognized as the suborder Lacertilia , is defined as all extant members of the Lepidosauria ( reptiles with overlapping scales ) , which are neither sphenodonts ( i.e. , tuatara ) nor snakes .
The county 's main towns are Castlebar and Ballina , respectively located in the center and in the northeast of the county .
Lowden is a city in Cedar County , Iowa , United States .
As his related novel The Lord of the Rings became popular , elements of its fantasy world moved steadily into popular perceptions of the fantasy genre .
August 9 & ndash ; Pierre d'Ailly , French theologian and cardinal ( b. 1351 )
Pascal followed up Pygmalion with Major Barbara ( 1941 ) which he directed as well as produced .
The two species are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale .
Both molecular and morphological evidence supports their division into five orders ; coccolithophores make up the Isochrysidales and Coccolithales .
Wait Wait , J. R. , '' Lateral Waves and the Pioneering Research of the Late Kenneth A Norton '' .
In the 9th 11th centuries Hungarians strengthened the old Roman city walls and built a castle .
It is also eaten as sprouts , and the fresh or dried seed pods can be used as a peppery seasoning ( haloon ) .
For one , Washington had been taking measures to cultivate a constructive relationship with Iraq for roughly a decade .
He said why front man Liam Gallagher did not get to sing the song because : '' Vocally Liam just could n't get that one .
The first gastropods were exclusively marine , with the earliest representatives of the group appearing in the Late Cambrian ( Chippewaella , Strepsodiscus ) .
Shays ' Rebellion produced fears that the Revolution 's democratic impulse had gotten out of hand .
Notable discoveries include 1221 Amor ( which lent its name to the Amor asteroids ) and the Apollo asteroid 2101 Adonis .
Saint-Laurent-du-Plan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
A member of the Conservative Party , he is currently the Minister of State for Universities and Science , and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the constituency of Havant in Hampshire .
Unlike Wikipedia , E2 does not have an enforced neutral point of view .
IGN ( 7.1 \/O/ 10 ) link
The complaint accuses him of defamation and inciting violence against the ethnic group .
However , by 1902 Punnett was back at Cambridge working in zoology , primarily the study of worms , specifically nemerteans .
Straight pool was the game of championship pocket billiards competition until approximately the 1980s when it was overtaken by '' faster '' games such as nine-ball .
Cloud storage architecture is loosely coupled , where metadata operations are centralized enabling the data nodes to scale into the hundreds , each independently delivering data to applications or users .
The tradition of tsukkomi and boke is often used in other Japanese comedy , although it may not be as obviously portrayed as it usually is in manzai .
Frames of reference are especially important in special relativity , because when a frame of reference is moving at some significant fraction of the speed of light , then the flow of time in that frame does not necessarily apply in another frame .
The ongoing narrative revolves around four children -- Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , Eric Cartman , and Kenny McCormick -- and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town .
While it is Lincoln 's short speech that has gone down in history as one of the finest examples of English public oratory , it was Everett 's two-hour oration that was slated to be the '' Gettysburg address '' that day .
The book recounts his life from childhood , his journeys through the South and his arrival in Chicago in the early 1950s .
Bell 's second album , entitled It 's Only Time , was released on December 5 , 2006 .
Shortstop , abbreviated SS , is the baseball fielding position between second and third base .
Ervillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli ( St. Mary of the Angels ) , which houses the Porziuncola .
Andert-et-Condon is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
One example is the most common type of phenylketonuria .
For some time , the song ranked number 1 among Yahoo!
Usually , it serves kindergarten through grade 12 , although some only go to grade 8 .
The Russian libretto was written by Shostakovich , Yevgeny Zamyatin , Georgy Ionin , and Alexander Preis , and is based on the story The Nose by Nikolai Gogol .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
In 1894 , based on these earlier subdivisions , the Local Government Act 1894 created urban districts and rural districts as sub-divisions of administrative counties , which had been created in 1889 .
She 's a friend of Bot and Geo .
Personal union with Great Britain from 1707 to 1801 ( when they were joined together in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ) .
The Castle was Eric Bana 's first film .
After parting from her management , Aguilera took creative control over her second studio album , Stripped (/O2002/O) .
The generous Art/Craft/Science Lab and the senior classrooms known as the '' Winters Building '' in 1979 .
He is shaved by the barber and flirts as he walks along Nevsky Prospekt .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town and Local government area ( see Gunnedah Shire Council ) in north-western New South Wales , Australia .
Leopold '' Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
Each platform constructed specifically for the Victoria Line from new is 132.6 metres long .
In 1992 the reconstruction finished completely and the Palmengarten shined in its new form .
Artificial development , an area of computer science and engineering
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
Khipro
Giovanni da Verrazzano ( 1485 - 1528 ) was an Italian explorer of North America , in the service of the French crown .
Around 1632 , he became a priest .
When the Navy gave up its airship ambitions and moved most of its West Coast operations to San Diego , NACA ( the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics , forerunner of NASA ) took over portions of Moffett for aeronautics research .
A wide variety of animals construct or use burrows in many different types of substrate .
It originated at the university in the early 1900s when some students decided to honor their graduating class with a new song .
Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence , a great variety of climatic zones exist .
May 10 & ndash ; The Turkish army under Suleiman I leaves Constantinople to once again invade Hungary .
You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '98 is Modern Talking 's first single released from the seventh album Back for Good , and it 's the first single after their reunion in 1998 . This is the re-packaged version of the original '' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' , which was released in 1984 .
The capital is also named La Romana , and is the third-largest town in the country . The province was split from La Altagracia in 1968 .
Louis XVIII ( Louis Stanislas Xavier ; 17 November 1755 - 16 September 1824 ) was King of France and of Navarre from 1814 to 1824 , omitting the Hundred Days in 1815 .
Juan de Mena , Spanish poet ( d. 1456 )
The most distinctive feature of the group is the very long , narrow snout , which is an adaptation to a diet of small fish .
Thus , iodine tincture solutions are characterized by the presence of alcohol , and about the same amount ( weight % content ) of elemental iodine as iodide . Lugol 's iodine , by contrast , has no alcohol , and has twice the amount of iodide as elemental iodine .
Castella is a popular Japanese sponge cake made of sugar , flour , eggs , and starch syrup , very common at festivals and as a street food .
Army officers with ties to the Ba ` ath Party overthrew Qasim in a coup in 1963 .
An ornithopter ( from Greek ornithos '' bird '' and pteron '' wing '' ) is an aircraft that flies by flapping its wings .
Tadao Horie ( September 13 , 1913 & ndash ; March 29 , 2003 ) was a Japanese football player and manager .
The Australian Open is the first of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments held each year .
It features segments from the latest episode of WWE Raw .
Advancing maternal age and a patient history of previous spontaneous abortions are the two leading factors associated with a greater risk of spontaneous abortion .
Thomas Jefferson , former president of the United States , invented a revolving music stand which he never patented because he liked for people to freely use his inventions .
Frodo weakens as they near Mount Doom , but is aided by Sam .
Dullah is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
July 13 , 1798 '' , a poem by William Wordsworth
In 1508 , war resumed in Italy , this time against Venice , which all the other powers on the peninsula , including Louis XII , Ferdinand , Maximilian , and Pope Julius II joined together against as the League of Cambrai .
He also proved adept at dealing with the divisions between the Nationalist Party and the Country Party .
Beef is one of the principal meats used in the cuisine of Middle east , Australia , Argentina , Europe and the United States , and is also important in Africa , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .
Salt and pepper are also commonly added to peas when served .
Class of the Titans is a Canadian animated television series created by Studio B Productions and Nelvana .
Cauvignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Many of those with fountains are actually named Fountain Square .
He formed societies , opened chapels , examined and commissioned preachers , administered aid charities , prescribed for the sick , helped to pioneer the use of electric shock for the treatment of illness , superintended schools and orphanages , received at least # 20,000 for his publications , but used little of it for himself .
In the final moments before the crash , the pilot was to yell '' Hissatsu '' at the top of his lungs which roughly translates to '' sink without fail '' .
The Scania OmniLink is an integrally-constructed rear longitudinal-engined citybus available on the European market . It is a complete product built by Scania AB , a company based in Sweden .
These earliest cockroach-like fossils ( '' Blattopterans '' or '' roachids '' ) are from the Carboniferous period between 354 -- 295 million years ago .
The Winter Olympics were also created due to the success of the summer Olympics .
Events of 1433 Winter : Much of the English town of Alnwick in Northumbria is burnt by a Scottish raiding party .
An avid animal lover , Winter featured an animal up for adoption for each hour of the morning show during his weather segments on behalf of local animal shelters .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
On May 6 , 2005 Audioslave became the first American rock group that played in Cuba .
After the 1932 Revolution , the Khana Ratsadon wanted the legal and political studies to be independent from royalist Chulalongkorn University so they took the Faculty of Law and Political Science into their new Thammasat University in 1933 .
In general , archives consist of records which have been selected for permanent or long-term preservation , due to their enduring research value .
A member of the Conservative Party , he is currently the Minister of State for Universities and Science , and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the constituency of Havant in Hampshire .
Jaguar Racing was a Formula One team that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 .
Ska ( , Jamaican ) is a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1950s , and was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae .
Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government Armenian Swiss website .
Eisenstein 's film , Ivan The Terrible , Part I , presenting Ivan IV of Russia as a national hero , won Joseph Stalin 's approval ( and a Stalin Prize ) , but the sequel , Ivan The Terrible , Part II was criticized by various authorities and would go unreleased until 1958 .
The mean anomaly is one of three angular parameters ( '' anomalies '' ) that define a position along an orbit ; the other two being the eccentric anomaly and the true anomaly .
Edward the Martyr ( Old English : Eadweard ) ( c. 962 - 18 March 978 ) was king of the English from 975 until he was murdered in 978 . Edward was the eldest son of King Edgar , but not his father 's acknowledged heir .
August 26 & ndash ; A conjure against Piero di Cosimo de ' Medici , led by Luca Pitti and Borso d'Este , is discovered in Florence .
Dee maintained that the angels laboriously dictated several books to him this way , some in a special angelic or Enochian language .
This results because of the break in the circle of fifths that occurs in the tuning system : diatonic semitones derive from a chain of five fifths that does not cross the break , and chromatic semitones come from one that does .
Diplomatic recognition , acceptance of the sovereign status of a political entity by other sovereign governments
Anne enjoyed a close and happy family upbringing in Denmark , thanks largely to Queen Sophie , who tended the children herself during their illnesses .
The primary aim of this act is to '' prevent and avoid suffering by and cruelty to horses arising from the shoeing of horses by unskilled persons '' .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
Few photos exist of him , none of them official , and a picture used in 2002 by many media outlets , has since been established to be another Taliban official .
It bordered Shropshire , Staffordshire and the West Midlands to the north , Warwickshire to the east , Gloucestershire to the south , and Gwent and Powys in Wales to the west .
The Term Taijutsu is commonly used when referring to a traditional Japanese martial art .
Its capital is the city of Lucca .
In 1865 , Wellington became the capital city of New Zealand , replacing Auckland , where William Hobson had placed the capital in 1841 . The Parliament of New Zealand had first met in Wellington on July 7 , 1862 , on a temporary basis , but Wellington did not become the official capital city for three more years .
Grants of land are also awarded to individuals and companies as incentives to develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries ; the process of awarding land grants are not limited to the countries named below .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 27 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
The spherical shape is also caused by surface tension .
The station is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register .
Troy Kenneth Aikman ( born November 21 , 1966 , in West Covina , California ) is a Hall of Fame American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League , and currently a television sportscaster for the Fox network .
Maltot is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Plushenko was born in Solnechny , Khabarovsk Krai , Soviet Union .
The IOC has since become the governing body of the Olympic Movement , whose structure and actions are defined by the Olympic Charter .
jpg Opel Vectra B hatchback
The WHO says some 2.5 billion people , two fifths of the world 's population , are now at risk from dengue and estimates that there may be 50 million cases of dengue infection worldwide every year .
After being sentenced Baader fled in November 1969 , but was caught in April 1970 .
On Saturday , August 27 , the storm reached Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , becoming the third major hurricane of the season .
Bobby Robson was awarded a number of honors for his contributions to football .
As of the 2001 census , Fintry and the surrounding rural area had a population of 691 people .
A young 17 year old celestial spirit mage , Lucy Heartfilia , runs away from home and travels to the land of Fiore to join the magical Fairy Tail Guild .
In addition , it is a future where the only two surviving superpowers , the United States and China , fused to form the central federal government , called the Alliance , resulting in the fusion of the two cultures as well .
Distinguish from boomstick .
He played 58 matches for the Sweden national football team , and represented his country at two FIFA World Cup and two European Championship tournaments .
David Alexander Paterson ( born May 20 , 1954 ) is the 55th and current Governor of New York .
Louis Durey ( 27 May 1888-3 July 1979 ) was a French composer .
Nonetheless , it remained a hurricane as it crossed the Azores , making landfall on Sao Miguel Island as a category 1 hurricane with 80 mph winds .
His last Rangers game came in September 1990 , in a 2 -- 1 league defeat against Dundee United .
Therefore , human mutual grooming plays an important role in pair bonding .
Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone scored the album at 3 stars out of 5 .
The word caracal comes from the Turkish word '' karakulak '' , meaning '' black ear '' .
Cienfuegos is one of the provinces of Cuba .
The process is commonly used for welding dissimilar materials , such as the welding of aluminum with steel in ship hulls or compound plates . Other solid-state welding processes include friction welding ( including friction stir welding ) , electromagnetic pulse welding , co-extrusion welding , cold welding , diffusion welding , exothermic welding , high frequency welding , hot pressure welding , induction welding , and roll welding .
The Hodge Building ( now Begich Towers ) was built for housing soldiers and the Buckner Building , completed in 1953 , was called the '' city under one roof '' .
The Red Sox won the series four games to three , having been down three games to none in the best-of-seven series .
An unusually strong F2 tornado was spawned from Cindy 's remnants and caused severe damage in Hampton , Georgia .
Despite never becoming Prime Minister , he is regarded as one of the most important British politicians of the late 19th century and early 20th century , as well as a colourful character and renowned orator .
After the completion of binary fission or cell reproduction involving mitosis , each daughter cell has the same amount of DNA ( Z ) as what the parental cell had before it replicated its DNA .
Mark '' Marco '' Bresciano ( born 11 February 1980 ) is an Australian association football midfielder who is currently playing for Italian side Lazio and plays for the Australian national team .
cathedra , '' seat '' from the Greek kathedra ( ) , seat , bench , from kata '' down '' + hedra seat , base , chair ) is a Christian church that contains the seat of a bishop .
As the Whites ( loyalists still faithful to the Tsar and the principles of autocracy ) advanced toward Yekaterinburg the Reds were in a precarious situation .
Players control their in-game characters verbally and the success of their actions are determined by the skill of their character , the difficulty of the action , and the rolling of dice .
It is located in the south district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria , near the border with Austria , some 30 km south of Salzburg and 180 km southeast of Munich .
Campus chapters of SDS all over the country started to lead small , localized demonstrations against the war and the NO became the focal group that organized the March against the war in Washington on April 17 .
In Western cultures , it has had a reputation for being a fearsome predator .
Colima can mean :
Proteins within the membrane are key to the functioning of the overall membrane . These proteins mainly transport chemicals and information across the membrane .
Guildford ( ) is the county town of Surrey , England , as well as the seat for the borough of Guildford and the administrative headquarters of the South East England region .
Contrary to general belief , more peptic ulcers arise in the duodenum ( first part of the small intestine , just after the stomach ) rather than in the stomach .
Turanga Leela ( Katey Sagal ) : Leela is the competent , one-eyed captain of the Planet Express Ship .
Over 22.2 million prescriptions for generic formulations of fluoxetine were filled in the United States in 2007 , making it the third most prescribed antidepressant .
In 2009 , the film won three Golden Raspberry Awards , for Worst Picture ( beating Disaster Movie , The Hottie and the Nottie , and Meet the Spartans ) , Worst Actor ( Mike Myers ) and Worst Screenplay .
The Battle of Passchendaele was one of the major battles of the First World War , taking place between July and November 1917 .
The port and the town are linked by a railway .
NFL record for career rushing yards (/O18,355/O)
Mormonism also includes Mormon fundamentalism , a tradition that continued to practice plural marriage after the LDS Church discontinued the practice around the turn of the 20th century .
The name Deccan is an anglicised form of the Prakrit word ' , itself derived from the Sanskrit word ' , meaning '' south '' .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
villein
In biogeography , Neotropic or Neotropical refers to one of the world 's eight terrestrial ecozones .
Mozart met Joseph Haydn in Vienna , and the two composers became friends ( see Haydn and Mozart ) .
Some of his most notable films include M \* A \* S \* H and Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , for which he received an Oscar nomination .
The site covers 12.14 k. Terminal 5 was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 14 March 2008 and opened to passengers on 27 March 2008 .
On the morning of December 11 , 2007 , Khalil Ibrahim claimed that JEM forces fought and defeated Sudanese government troops guarding a Chinese-run oilfield in the Kordofan region .
Ministry ( collective executive ) , the complete body of government ministers under the leadership of a prime minister
Cantor set or Cantor dust
This theory is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individual prey from groups because the many moving targets create a sensory overload of the predator 's visual channel .
The Messiah sing-alongs now common at Christmas often consist of only the first of the oratorio 's three parts , with the Hallelujah Chorus ( originally concluding the second part ) replacing His Yoke is Easy in the first part .
Vensac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Chris Brown is the eponymous debut album by American R&B singer Chris Brown , released on November 29 , 2005 in the United States on Jive Records .
Algernon Bertram Freeman-Mitford , Tales of Old Japan , '' The Story of the Old Man Who Made Withered Trees to Blossom '' Andrew Lang included it , as The Envious Neighbor , in The Violet Fairy Book , listing his sources as Japanische Marchen .
Norbert Lammert ( born 16 November 1948 in Bochum ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
George Ledyard Stebbins , Jr. ( January 6 , 1906 -- January 19 , 2000 ) was an American botanist and geneticist who is widely regarded as one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century .
The first Persian invasion was a response to Greek involvement in the Ionian Revolt , when Athens and Eretria had sent a force to support the cities of Ionia in their attempt to overthrow Persian rule .
The dwarf planet Eris is named for the goddess .
In Buffy 's Season Three finale , he leaves Sunnydale for L.A. to continue his atonement without Buffy .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
Piazzogna is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Adaptive optics should not be confused with active optics , which works on a longer timescale to correct the primary mirror geometry .
In 1939 , Nazi German occupation forces closed the Jagiellonian University after the invasion of Poland .
In 1849 parts of Caldwell County , Ashe County , Wilkes County , and Yancey County were combined to form Watauga County .
The name Abbotsford is used for several places :
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver , Colorado .
Possibly due to less friction of the eyewall or moving over warm waters of the Gulf Stream , Wilma again re-intensified to reach winds of 125 mph ( 200 km\/h ) before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection .
ICD9 =
The Aachen Cathedral was erected on the orders of Charlemagne in 786 AD and was on completion the largest dome north of the Alps . On his death Charlemagne 's remains were interred in the cathedral and can be seen there to this date .
Dante is also called the '' Father of the Italian language '' .
In North America , a bowl game is commonly considered to refer to one of a number of post-season college football games .
Eiji Sato ( born April 8 , 1971 ) is a former Japanese football player .
They will be released on September 12 , 2009 in Japan , and during Spring 2010 in North America and Europe .
Cookies appear to have their origins in 7th century Persia , shortly after the use of sugar became relatively common in the region .
President Chen Shui-bian ( 2000-May 2008 ) fully supported the idea that the '' Republic of China is an independent , sovereign country '' but held the view that the Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan does not belong to the People 's Republic of China . This is suggested in his Four-stage Theory of the Republic of China .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Microsoft Office Online is known as '' Office.com '' in Office 2010 , which directs users to a new , more streamlined of the website , that can be accessed at http://office.microsoft.com
On the other hand , if he chose to dispose of a parcel of land , the serf or serfs associated with that land went with it to serve their new lord .
Organic causes include damage to the brain , through physical injury , neurological disease or the use of certain ( generally sedative ) drugs .
The township was settled in the late 1860s , the Post Office opening on February 22 , 1870 .
Carlo Gesualdo ( 1566 & ndash ; 1613 ) , also known as Don Carlo Gesualdo , Italian music composer , murderer
Meryl Davis ( born January 1 , 1987 ) is an American ice dancer .
Verbal expression and explanation of movements has come from the artists themselves , sometimes in the form of an art manifesto , and sometimes from art critics and others who may explain their understanding of the meaning of the new art then being produced .
Elevation extremes * Lowest point : Amu Darya 258 m * Highest point : Noshaq 7,492 m Land use * Arable land : 12.13 % * Permanent crops : 0.21 % * Other : 87.66 % ( 2005 ) Irrigated land 27,200 km2 ( 2003 ) Natural hazards Damaging earthquakes occur in the Hindu Kush mountains ; flooding and droughts in the south and south-west of the country .
A second Catholic church , the Rotonda di San Carlo , is a magnificent example of the modern architecture of the Milanese architect Macciacchini .
A scanning electron microscope ( SEM ) is a type of electron microscope that images a sample by scanning it with a high-energy beam of electrons in a raster scan pattern .
An effective attack using a poison URL may reach tens of thousands of people in minutes when each person 's buddy list receives messages appearing to be from a trusted friend .
or '' Ro !
Emperor Senka , also known as Senkwa , was the 28th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
In 1957 , Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until , in the course of the season , Bernstein was appointed Music Director , becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor to head the Philharmonic .
The retronym '' traditional Chinese '' is used to contrast traditional characters with Simplified Chinese characters , a standardized character set introduced by the government of the People 's Republic of China on Mainland China in the 1950s .
The film was released six months following The Matrix Reloaded .
August 29 & ndash ; Shays ' Rebellion begins in Massachusetts .
Sanrio 's best known character is Hello Kitty , a white cat with red bow and no visible mouth , one of the most successful marketing brands in the world .
Dairy Queen , often abbreviated DQ , is an international chain of soft serve and fast food restaurants owned by International Dairy Queen , Inc. .
The non-metropolitan district of Lincoln has a population of around 101,000 - the 2001 census gave the entire urban area of Lincoln a population of 120,779 .
A headline is text at the top of a newspaper article , indicating the nature of the article below it .
Jalisco Dutchman 's Pipe , Aristolochia foetida
Sidcup is a suburban development in the London Borough of Bexley , South East London .
Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn , southern North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
It is undisputed that this identification is Chinese in form and Buddhist in implication , which suggests that the name must have been regularized centuries after the lifetime ascribed to Itoku , possibly during the time in which legends about the origins of the Yamato dynasty were compiled as the chronicles known today as the Kojiki .
kz website as evidence of the Kazakhstani government 's efforts to curb free speech .
Contemporary skepticism ( or scepticism ) is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes ( rev. ed .
The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829 when Terence Aubrey Murray was granted an area of land in the area in 1829 , originally called Old Collector .
Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the defending champions , but Serena Williams and Venus Williams defeated them in the final 6 - 2 , 6 - 2 .
The best evidence found for these hominin date between 600,000 and 400,000 years ago .
She died in Toronto on May 14 , 1940 .
Martinsburg is a city in the Eastern Panhandle region of West Virginia , United States .
A vinculum is a horizontal line placed over a mathematical expression , used to indicate that it is to be considered grouped together .
Erik Edman , ( born November 11 , 1978 in Huskvarna ) is a Swedish footballer , currently playing for Helsingborgs IF .
To celebrate his achievement , Benson was awarded US$ 1,000 and an engraved watch .
The terminology of autism can be bewildering , with autism , Asperger syndrome and PDD-NOS often called the autism spectrum disorders ( ASD ) or sometimes the autistic disorders , whereas autism itself is often called autistic disorder , childhood autism , or infantile autism .
The bottom floor was used as a trading exchange ( this later became the stock exchange ) and the upper floor was used for balls , New Years eve parties , etc. .
The Miocene boundaries are not marked by a single distinct global event but consist rather of regional boundaries between the warmer Oligocene and the cooler Pliocene .
( the '' Gold Book '' ) .
Zircons from Jack Hills in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane , Yilgarn Craton , Western Australia , have yielded U-Pb ages up to 4.404 billion years , interpreted to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on Earth .
