The sliotar can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than three steps , struck in the air , or struck on the ground with the hurl .
The 32X itself does not pass through this pin to the Mega Drive , and therefore , the Mega Drive is unable to enter Master System mode with the 32X attached .
For this reason , the instant messaging client formerly known as Gaim or gaim announced in April 2007 that they would be renamed '' Pidgin '' '' Important and Long Delayed News '' , Announcement of Gaim renaming ( to Pidgin ) , April 06 , 2007 .
Germaine Tailleferre continued to compose right up until a few weeks before her death , on 7 November 1983 in Paris .
Some examples of early parody masses include the Missa Malheur me bat , Missa Mater Patris , and Missa Fortuna desperata of Josquin Desprez , and the Missa de Dringhs by Antoine Brumel .
Crouttes-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Former member Chris Faller left the band in October 2008 .
In the 1970s , antibiotic treatments and vaccines for leprosy were developed using armadillos , then given to humans .
Jamia Masjid is a mosque in Srinagar , Jammu & Kashmir , India .
It has a regular season of concerts from October through June at the Walt Disney Concert Hall , and a summer season at the Hollywood Bowl from July through September .
The Vienna Symphony ( ) is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
Edwards , The Arabian , p. 24 The desert horse needed to thrive on very little food , and have anatomical traits to compensate for life in a dry climate with wide temperature extremes from day to night .
Rose Marion Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
The Christian Bible never speaks of God in an impersonal sense .
The Bobcats were established in 2004 as an expansion team , two seasons after Charlotte 's previous NBA team , the Charlotte Hornets , relocated to New Orleans and became the New Orleans Hornets .
Early life Louis was born in 1214 at Poissy , near Paris , the son of King Louis VIII and Blanche of Castile .
Peanuts are known by many other local names , like earthnuts , ground nuts , goober peas , monkey nuts , pygmy nuts and pig nuts .
A Conversion connotes change of a building 's usage .
This is what gives them their other name , nudibranchs .
Potoroos live under dense bushes and shrubs .
The Scottish Cup Final is played at Hampden annually in May , for the honor of lifting the world 's oldest national trophy - the Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup , made in 1873 .
Although never officially disbanding , Alice in Chains was plagued by extended inactivity due to substance abuse , culminating in the death of Layne Staley in 2002 .
Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
He died at Long Ashton , near Bristol , on July 23 1927 of Atherosclerosis and cerebral haemorrhage .
First announced in the August 2005 edition of PC Gamer magazine , the game was released on February 16 , 2007 in Europe and February 20 , 2007 in North America .
Analysis of the data indicated that ununbium was more volatile than mercury and had noble-gas properties .
It was named in April 2007 after Surtr , a leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology .
f = c + d
Implementation is usually not considered architectural definition , but rather hardware design engineering .
When the post of Secretary is vacant , the United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs or any other person designated by the President serves as Acting Secretary until the President nominates and the United States Senate confirms a new Secretary .
The system of apprenticeship first developed in the later Middle Ages and came to be supervised by craft guilds and town governments .
Since Delgadillo 's death in 2004 , the Snow Cap has been run by his sons John-Michael and Robert , both of whom work the counter in the same playful manner .
Ruth Maria Kelly ( born 9 May 1968 ) is a British Labor Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bolton West from 1997 until she stood down in 2010 .
The anime-styled character art was inspired by Shinichiro Watanabe 's Cowboy Bebop , Samurai Champloo , and FLCL ( Fooly Cooly ) of Gainax .
The Conn Smythe Trophy has been awarded 45 times to 39 players since the 1964 -- 65 NHL season .
The sphericity of the Earth was established by Hellenistic astronomy in the 3rd century BCE , and the earliest terrestrial globe appeared from that period .
The Shah refused and sent Khomeini into exile to Iraq in 1964 ( '' A History of Iran '' by Michael Axworthy ) .
In 1951 , Bennett 's screen career was marred by scandal after her third husband , film producer Walter Wanger , shot and injured her agent Jennings Lang .
The population has been growing continuously since the end of the Black Death , around the year 1400 ; at the beginning of the 19th century , it had reached roughly 1,000,000,000 ( 1 billion ) .
Sufjan Stevens ( ; born July 1 , 1975 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Detroit , Michigan .
On January 1 , 2006 Ternat had a total population of 14,625 .
The main target species is Barramundi and the most popular locations are Yellow Water , the South Alligator and the East Alligator River .
To the south-west of Horsham , a taxi driver collected his fare , an 82-year-old wheelchair-bound woman and her daughter , from her house as the fire was no more than away ; the house was alight as the taxi drove off , and burned down within minutes .
There are also permanent non-training posts at sub-consultant level : previously Senior Hospital Medical Officer and Medical Assistant ( both obsolete ) and now Staff Grade and Associate Specialist .
The province has an area of 394,000 square km , 4.1 % of the nation 's total .
As a framing device , the main character , Ted Mosby ( Josh Radnor ) , with narration by Bob Saget , in the year 2030 recounts to his son and daughter the events that led to his meeting their mother , which explains the title and allows for a narration in the past tense .
Pensacola Christian College ( PCC ) is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent BaptistSoulforce Information on PCCPCC 's Articles of Faith college in Pensacola , Florida , USA , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
River Tam ( Summer Glau ) was smuggled onto the ship by her brother .
Red Bull Racing won its maiden Constructors ' Championship with a one-two finish in Brazil , while Red Bull Racing 's Sebastian Vettel won the Drivers ' Championship after winning the final race of the season .
Four hundred coral species , both hard corals and soft corals inhabit the reef .
Messiah ( HWV 56 ) is an English oratorio composed by George Frideric Handel , and is one of the most popular works in the Western choral literature .
Biography Both of Feuermann 's parents were amateur musicians .
Biogas is practically produced as landfill gas ( LFG ) or digester gas .
After Dire Straits disbanded in 1995 , Knopfler continued to record and produce albums as a solo artist under his own name .
That lasted until the abolition of the han system took place in 1871 .
By default , laksa means the standard curry laksa while asam laksa refers to the standard Penang version .
-- November 16 , 1831 ) was a Prussian soldier , military historian and military theorist .
Unlike the naginata , the hands do not change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade .
Biography the son of Frank Stallone , Sr. , a hairdresser , and Jackie Stallone ( née Labofish ) , an astrologer , former dancer and promoter of women 's wrestling .
argentea or Lagos spinach ( a.k.a. quail grass , Soko , Celosia , feather cockscomb ) is a broadleaf annual leaf vegetable belonging to the Amaranth family ( Amaranthaceae ) .
The Angara River ( ) is a long river in Irkutsk Oblast and Krasnoyarsk Krai , south-east Siberia , Russia .
Norwegian Cruise Line ( NCL ) is a company operating cruise ships , headquartered in unincorporated Miami-Dade County , Florida .
The Serbia national football team represents Serbia in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Serbia , the governing body for football in Serbia .
Porto-Novo is Benin 's second largest city , but the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically .
Ot en Sien is an old children 's book , written by a teacher in Drenthe , the Netherlands .
Throughout its seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes , Buffy , and by extension Gellar , became cult icons in the United States , Canada , the UK and Australia , particularly as an archetype of an '' empowered '' woman .
To the north the goz is overtaken by the desert sands of the Sahara .
In the following year Emanuel Lasker 's patron , Krylenko , was purged .
The '' E '' prefix is omitted in Australia and New Zealand .
In 1987 he published his autobiography-come-political tract , If Voting Changed Anything They 'd Abolish It .
He may be supposed to have been the founder of a sort of Hoysala imperialism '' ( Chopra 2003 , p154 , part1 ) Thus the Hoysalas began as subordinates of the Western Chalukyas and gradually established their own empire in Karnataka with such strong Hoysala kings as Vishnuvardhana , Veera Ballala II and later Veera Ballala III .
Prefontaine set the American record in the 5000 meters race , the event that took him to the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in Munich .
Female attire has undergone many changes ; dresses and suits are normal today , even though business casual is common among the high-tech industry .
French Island is relatively isolated and undeveloped .
Each Orion spacecraft is projected to carry a crew of four astronauts .
Calixa Lavallée wrote the music , which was a setting of a patriotic poem composed by the poet and judge Sir Adolphe-Basile Routhier .
The tom-tom cries , and the tom-tom laughs .
H. heidelbergensis stone tool technology was very close to that of the Acheulean tools used by Homo erectus .
The Roosevelts are direct descendants of Dutch settlers of the New Netherlands colony in the 17th century .
Tough Earth bug may be from Mars - 25 September 2002 - New Scientist Additional support comes from a recent discovery of a bacterial ecosytem whose energy source is radioactivity .
The Kansas City Spurs won the championship .
During a battle with Swarm , Nico semi-sarcastically tells Victor the team 's rallying call is '' Try not to die '' .
Geneva is a global city , a financial center , and a worldwide center for diplomacy and the most important international co-operation center with New York because of the presence of numerous international organizations , including the headquarters of many of the agencies of the United Nations and the Red Cross .
It was first published in 2006 by Knopf/Anchor and tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War .
The coup started a government to make changes in how the country was run .
Its capital is the town of Porrentruy .
Permanent anchors come in a wide range of types and have no standard form .
In some companies , the people who are workers for the company elect ( vote ) their company president .
On 18 September 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedmen .
Joseph Kevin Keegan , OBE ( born 14 February 1951 ) is a former international footballer and former manager of the England national football team and several English clubs , most notably Newcastle United .
Link has also appeared in multiple GameFAQs '' Character Battle '' contests and is the only character to have won more than once .
According to one general characterization , Gregory Vlastos , ` The Socratic Elenchus ' , Oxford Studies in Ancient Philosophy I , Oxford 1983 , 27 -- 58 .
CoCo sang the song '' A Love Before Time '' for the movie Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
Born in Riga , now capital of Latvia , then part of the Russian Empire , he was the first person of Jewish descent to be elected to a prize fellowship at All Souls College , Oxford .
The burghs of Coldstream , Duns and Eyemouth
Gaedel gained immortality in the second game of a St. Louis Browns doubleheader on Sunday , August 19 , 1951 .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as , is a hybrid adventure\/console role-playing game developed by Square and published by Nintendo .
The Harvest Classic contests were the last races other than the Indianapolis 500 to be held on the grounds for seventy-eight years .
The band had a brief period of high-profile domestic success in which their debut album Vehicles and Animals was a platinum seller in 2005 after a 2003 release and Mercury Music Prize nomination , with this followed up by Tourist which reached # 1 and sold over 500,000 copies allowing this album to also go platinum .
The main sight of Oberdorf is the pilgrimage chapel Niederrickenbach .
Sarton is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although the play by Beaumarchais was at first banned in Vienna because of its satire of the aristocracy , considered dangerous in the decade before the French revolution , the opera became one of Mozart 's most successful works .
Other types of storage organs ( such as corms , rhizomes , and tubers ) are sometimes erroneously referred to as bulbs . The correct term for plants that form underground storage organs , including bulbs as well as tubers and corms , is geophyte .
Vieux Fumé is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Rail transport in Japan is a major means of passenger transport , especially for mass and high-speed travel between major cities and for commuter transport in metropolitan areas .
Formerly known as permanganate of potash or Condy 's crystals , it is a strong oxidizing agent .
Corporate profile on Yahoo !
Terry Jacks ( born March 29 , 1944 , Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian singer , songwriter , record producer and environmentalist .
Because of this , an objective and analytical measure of odor is impossible .
Nirvana founder Kurt Cobain said the credit was a token of thanks to Everman for paying a fee of US$ 606.17 to record the album .
He again became Prime Minister at the 1949 election , and he then dominated Australian politics until his retirement in 1966 .
Overview It was contested by 13 teams , and Wiener Sportclub won the championship .
Stems can refer to two things in music , relating to music notation and production .
Keiji Kaimoto is a former Japanese football player who was a defender .
In 2006 Yunus and Grameen received the Nobel Peace Prize .
In 1957 , Wham-O co-founder Richard Knerr decided to stimulate sales by giving the discs the additional brand name '' Frisbee '' ( pronounced '' FRIZ ' - bee '' ) after hearing that East Coast college students were calling the Pluto Platter by that name , the term '' Frisbee '' coming from the name of the New England pie manufacturer Frisbie Pie Company .
The central characters are the Reverend Eric Camden ( Stephen Collins ) , his wife Annie ( Catherine Hicks ) , and their seven children : Matt ( Barry Watson ) , Mary ( Jessica Biel ) , Lucy ( Beverley Mitchell ) , Simon ( David Gallagher ) , Ruthie ( Mackenzie Rosman ) and the twins , David ( Lorenzo Brino ) and Sam ( Nikolas Brino ) .
Organization The Pope governs the Catholic Church through the Roman Curia .
Maria Jansson , known in history as Kisamor ( English : The Mother of Kisa ) , ( 1788 -- 1842 ) , was a Swedish natural doctor , the most famous female physician , and perhaps the most famous Swedish physician altogether , in the 19th century .
The word boycott entered the English language during the Irish '' Land War '' and is derived from the name of Captain Charles Boycott , the land agent of an absentee landlord , Lord Erne , who lived in Lough Mask House , in County Mayo , Ireland , who was subject to social ostracism organized by the Irish Land League in 1880 .
The subject-object problem is twofold : firstly , there is the question of '' what '' do we know , and very recently this could be called the '' Matrix '' question , i.e. , '' How do we know we are not living in a '' matrix '' .
The rifle itself could be based on a standard rifle ( at first , a bolt-action rifle ) ; however , when fitted with a telescopic sight , it becomes a sniper rifle .
Taylor and Burton would appear together in six other films during the decade -- The V.I.P.s (/O1963/O) , The Sandpiper (/O1965/O) , The Taming of the Shrew (/O1967/O) , Doctor Faustus (/O1967/O) , The Comedians { 1967 } and Boom !
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
The earliest civilizations , Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt , originated in the Fertile Crescent and Nile Valley regions of the ancient Near East , as well as the civilizations of the Levant , Persia , and Arabian Peninsula .
My Bloody Valentine are an alternative rock band formed in Dublin , Ireland in 1983 .
Plot summary After being released from his time with Ta-Kumsaw , an Indian leader who taught Alvin the ways of Indian people , the young boy sets out to start his apprenticeship as a Smith in the town where he was born .
Jean-Jacques Rousseau , for example , argued that the only valid social contract would be one were individuals would be subject to laws that only themselves had made and assented to , as in a small direct democracy .
A widower is a man whose wife has died .
Choirs can sing with or without instrumental accompaniment .
He became organist of Winchester College in 1598 , moving to Chichester Cathedral .
During his reign , two generals , Vache Mamikonian and Vahan Amatuni , distinguished themselves for their valor in battle , often coming to help the king .
The black mamba is the second longest venomous snake in the world , which is only exceeded in length by the King Cobra .
Katherine '' Kate '' Ann Moss ( born 16 January 1974 ) is an English model .
But in the end , ailing Ashlee paid the price in a 6-1-1 vote .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde irregular satellites of Uranus ( in polar co-ordinates ) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
The Two Cities .
An example of the true form of the minuet is to be found in Don Giovanni . The minuet also remained in some countries as elements in folk dance , such as in Finland and parts of Sweden .
Together with the minor basilica of St Lawrence outside the Walls , they were associated with the five ancient patriarchal sees of Christendom ( see Pentarchy ) : St John Lateran was associated with Rome , St Peter 's with Constantinople ( present Istanbul ) , St Paul 's with Alexandria ( Egypt ) , St Mary Major with Antioch ( the Levant ) and St Lawrence with the junior , Jerusalem .
Jean-Pierre Papin ( born November 5 , 1963 in Boulogne-sur-Mer ) is a French professional football player who was European Footballer of the Year in 1991 .
Even though Ruby believes that Grandma wo n't like Max 's ideas she is always revealed to like both Max and Ruby 's ideas equally although normally she sides with Max when Max outsmarts Ruby and when Ruby assumes Grandma will love her ideas better than Max 's .
After graduating from secondary school , Kwok worked as a junior staff in King Fook Gold & Jewellery Co. .
In accordance with the new state constitution , Huntsville became Alabama 's first capital when the state was admitted to the Union .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( , ) is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
Livingstone also removed the famous Routemaster 1950 's buses from routine service on 9 December 2005 , claiming it was because the new buses were wheelchair-accessible , although several of the old buses are used on shortened '' heritage routes '' .
The Legend of Zelda : Majora 's Mask was released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64 as a direct sequel to Ocarina of Time .
The city is at about 84 kilometers distance from the city of Caltanissetta , on the Mediterranean Sea .
Born ( Netherlands ) , a town in the Netherlands
The Soconusco region is the main coffee-producing region in Chiapas , with many plantations further inland in the foothills of the Sierra Madre del Sur .
Silk Stockings -- Book , music and lyrics by Cole Porter 1956 : Damn Yankees -- Book by George Abbott and Douglass Wallop , music by Richard Adler and Jerry Ross Pipe Dream -- Book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II , music by Richard Rodgers .
Mathematics is used to find useful answers to real problems .
Scottish English refers to the varieties of English spoken in Scotland .
The new station is being commissioned from architects firm Aukett Fitzroy Robinson .
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( SFRY ) was the Yugoslav state that existed from the second half of World War II ( 1943 ) until it was formally dissolved in 1992 amid the Yugoslav Wars .
Many Southern writers , like Simms , soon wrote their own books in opposition to Stowe 's novel ( see the Anti-Tom section below ) .
Malta , officially the Republic of Malta ( ) , is a southern European country and consists of an archipelago situated centrally in the Mediterranean , 93 km south of Sicily and 288 km east of Tunisia , with the Strait of Gibraltar 1,826 km to the west and Alexandria 1,510 km to the east .
In the United Kingdom , the entire series aired on Sky1 and BBC2 .
Laws of Form ( hereinafter LoF ) is a book by G. Spencer-Brown , published in 1969 , that straddles the boundary between mathematics and philosophy .
The Boeing 767 operating as Flight 175 crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center at 09:03 , killing all 65 people aboard , including the hijackers .
Katrina was the costliest hurricane , as well as one of the five deadliest , in the history of the United States .
Austin American-Statesman , April 15 , 1997 .
He was jailed seven times in the next ten years , including five months in 1960 , and was held under house arrest in 1962 .
is a prefecture located in the southern Kant region of Honsh , Japan .
She has influenced such writers as Neil Gaiman , Stephen King , Nigel Kneale and Richard Matheson .
Thus the word but is contracted to the single letter b , can to c , do to d , and so on .
Cesny-Bois-Halbout is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The InterCity 125 was the brand name of British Rail 's High Speed Train ( HST ) fleet .
The state 's origins were unique in Australia as a freely-settled , planned British province rather than a convict settlement .
The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racket , including people in wheelchairs .
The season finale including the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all the season 's contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City , on David Letterman 's Late Show stage which was decorated to look like the set in the Amazon .
Its county seat is Sebring , Florida .
Pecq is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Hainaut .
was the 19th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O19/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
When the soldiers came to Alban 's house looking for the priest , Alban exchanged cloaks with the priest and let himself be arrested in his place .
Marsing is a city in Owyhee County , Idaho , United States .
Daegu , also known as Taegu , and officially the Daegu Metropolitan City , is the third largest metropolitan area in South Korea , and by city limits , the fourth largest with over 2.5 million people .
Seymour is a city in Jackson County , Indiana , United States .
The fort was one of a series built by Drusus , commander of the Roman army along the Rhine .
L Legit anything that is '' real '' ; for example , a '' legit '' injury a wrestler might have , a '' legit '' wrestler has a background in actual fighting , a '' legit '' event is one that actually took place ( outside of kayfabe ) , a '' legit '' fight is when two wrestlers actually come to blows .
the Padma River ( the main branch of the Ganges River ) and the Meghna River , which meet near Chandpur Town .
The use of the dupatta has undergone a metamorphosis over time .
Brighter or more saturated colors can be created using natural pigments instead of mixing , and natural properties of pigments can interfere with the mixing .
Li Bai is best known for the extravagant imagination and striking Taoist imagery in his poetry , as well as for his great love for liquor .
Their grounds are within a few yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the World .
During the end of the 18th century , soon after the French Revolution , auctions came to be held in taverns and coffeehouses to sell art .
A critical and commercial success , with particular praise for its dialogue and McDormand 's performance , the film received several awards including a BAFTA award and Cannes award for direction and two Oscars , one for Best Original Screenplay and a Best Actress Oscar for McDormand .
TVGuide.com Melinda Dolittle Biography
The counties of England are territorial divisions of England for the purposes of administrative , political and geographical demarcation .
Bloomington is a city in Bear Lake County , Idaho , United States .
Gladstone 's exact words were , ` I do not say the ablest man ; I say the most remarkable and the most interesting .
She is the second American Idol winner to have 2 or more nominations after the release of one album .
G. Halsberghe , The Cult of Sol Invictus , Leiden 1972 ; see also for instance Allan S. Hoey , '' Official Policy towards Oriental Cults in the Roman Army '' Transactions and Proceedings of the American Philological Association , 70 , ( 1939:456 -481 ) p 479f .
Any impurities remain solid while the nickel carbonyl gas passes into a large chamber at high temperatures in which tens of thousands of nickel spheres , called pellets , are constantly stirred . The nickel carbonyl decomposes , depositing pure nickel onto the nickel spheres .
Comprising the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia , Europe is generally divided from Asia to its east by the water divide of the Ural Mountains , the Ural River , the Caspian Sea , the Caucasus region ( Specification of borders ) and the Black Sea to the southeast .
Located centrally and a 10-minute walk from the Ginza shopping district , directly south of Tokyo station .
Oliver & Company is a 1988 American animated film in which a homeless kitten named Oliver joins a gang of dogs to survive on the 1980s New York City streets .
Some of the more notable past and present members of the Celtic League have been Plaid Cymru luminary Gwynfor Evans , Alan Heusaff , the historian and writer Peter Berresford Ellis , writer Bernard Le Nail , Manx language revivalist Brian Stowell , and Winnie Ewing , Robert McIntyre and Rob Gibson of the Scottish National Party .
Books are shipped to most countries in the world using a standard shipping option .
Iron Man is a American superhero/adventure film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Waves are characterized by : Wave height ( from trough to crest ) , Wavelength ( from crest to crest ) , Period ( time interval between arrival of consecutive crests at a stationary point ) , The direction of wave propagation .
Biography Early years Patti Smith was born in Chicago on December 30 , 1946 .
John Ratzenberger 's Newport Under the Stars The role of Norm went to George Wendt .
He was the first child of the second wife of Mir Dad Khan Tareen , who was a Risaldar-Major ( the senior most non-commissioned rank ) in Hodson 's Horse , a cavalry regiment of the pre-independence Indian Army .
It developed in the 18th century as the study of the economies of states -- polities , hence political economy .
Another unusual move is the en passant capture .
Wells Cathedral is the cathedral of the Church of England Diocese of Bath and Wells .
This butterfly is often found in open , disturbed habitats such as clover and alfalfa fields , pastures , fields , waste areas , roadsides , and mountain meadows .
At temperatures below about 25 C ( 13 F ) , bubbles will freeze in the air and may shatter when hitting the ground .
Fabrizio Poletti ( born 13 July 1943 ) is a former Italian footballer .
Hopetoun and his family left Australia ( from Brisbane ) on 17 July 1902 , though he formally remained in the position of Governor-General until 9 January 1903 .
A few young were born in the first couple of years , but then breeding stopped for no known reason .
Battlestar Galactica ( often abbreviated as BSG or Battlestar ) is a military science fiction serial drama television series and part of the Battlestar Galactica franchise .
The first red strips were worn with white shorts , these were worn with either red or white socks from 1939 until the 1965\/66 season .
Ovis is part of the goat-antelope subfamily of the ruminant Bovidae .
Gondwana ( ) , originally Gondwanaland , is the name given to a southern precursor supercontinent .
Duke Nukem 3D players often either battled modem-to-modem , using the $ 20.00 IPX network utility Kali or the Total Entertainment Network ( TEN ) online pay service .
During this time , the relationship between Monroe and Miller had developed , and although the couple were able to maintain their privacy for almost a year , the press began to write about them as a couple , often referred to as '' The Egghead and The Hourglass '' .
The Russian hydronym '' '' is akin to the old Mari name of the river - Volgydo that means '' bright '' .
Initial estimates of the financial damage caused by the storm were in the millions of dollars , including losses of $ 1 million in Havana , largely from the destruction of Customs House sheds there , which were filled with many valuable goods .
Jimmy Carter met the young Herman while campaigning in Atlanta , Georgia and , after winning the White House in 1977 , tapped her to be Director of the Labor Department 's Women 's Bureau .
It is a common breakfast item in traditional American '' farmer '' or '' country '' breakfasts , as it originated as a way for farmers to make use of as much of their livestock ( usually pigs ) as possible .
During the 2007 & ndash ; 08 season , Gretna rented Fir Park from Motherwell and played all but one of their home league games there .
Coach 15 , recovered from Snapper Halt in 1959 and restored by the Ffestiniog Railway in North Wales , has been running there ( now as FR Coach 14 ) for longer than it did on the L&B .
Paul William '' Bear '' Bryant ( September 11 , 1913 - January 26 , 1983 ) was an American college football coach .
A rainbow does not actually exist at a particular location in the sky .
From 1836 there followed four extended visits to work in Leipzig , where the young Englishman was welcomed and greatly admired by the leading musicians , notably Mendelssohn himself and Schumann , who later dedicated his Symphonic Studies to Bennett .
Some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not grow a flower .
Servaas '' Faas '' Wilkes ( October 13 , 1923 -- August 15 , 2006 ) was a Dutch football forward , who earned a total of 38 caps for the Dutch nation team , in which he scored 35 goals ( average 0.92 goals per game ) .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
The rebuilding was done by Florentine architect Bernardo Gambarelli ( known as Bernardo Rossellino ) who may have worked with the humanist and architect Leon Battista Alberti , though there are no documents to prove it for sure .
The former name of 4AD , a record label which was started in 1979 as Axis Records by Ivo Watts-Russell and Peter Kent , but quickly renamed when it was discovered that Axis Records already existed .
Nine teams each played 48 games .
In particular , two planets are in opposition to each other when their ecliptic longitudes differ by 180 .
Wilson holds dual citizenship of the United States and Canada .
Denmark has the best business climate in the world , according to the U.S. business magazine Forbes .
Andreas '' Andy '' Brehme ( born 9 November 1960 in Hamburg ) is a German football coach and former football defender .
Si-mon-ee ) is the crime of paying for sacraments and consequently for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church , named after Simon Magus , who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18 -24 .
Tigny-Noyelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Maisnil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Greg Brady ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian sports talk radio host on The FAN 590 , and is a regular pundit scheduled on the docket of BBC Five Live show Fighting Talk and is the record holder for most wins on the show .
Monte Carlo is one of Europe 's leading tourist resorts , although many of the key tourist destinations are located in other parts of Monaco , including such attractions as Monaco Cathedral , the Napoleon Museum , the Oceanographic Museum and aquarium , and the Prince 's Palace , all of which are located in Monaco-Ville .
The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team based in San Francisco , California that currently play in the National League West Division .
Mansehra District is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , an area still unofficially known as the Northwest Frontier .
Etruscan civilization is the modern English name given to the culture and way of life of a people of ancient Italy and Corsica whom the ancient Romans called Etrusci or Tusci .
Early in her career , she portrayed Mary Shelley and Patty Hearst in feature films , and she received critical acclaim and a Theatre World Award for her Broadway debut in the 1993 revival of Anna Christie .
Primary colors are sets of colors that can be combined to make a useful range of colors .
Patrick Macnee ( born 6 February 1922 ) is an English actor , best known for his role as the secret agent John Steed in the series The Avengers .
NateOn is an instant messaging client provided by Nate , which in 2005 first overtook MSN Messenger in terms of South Korean user numbers .
Like other pieces , it captures by occupying the square on which an enemy piece stands .
and in the Iliad , ( XVII .53 ff ) is a metaphoric description of a lone olive tree in the mountains , by a spring ; the Greeks observed that the olive rarely thrives at a distance from the sea , which in Greece invariably means up mountain slopes .
Events of 1437 All Souls College , University of Oxford is founded .
A common term used to refer to a '' bicycle trail '' is simply a '' bike trail '' .
iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store via the Internet to purchase and download music , music videos , television shows , iPod games , audiobooks , podcasts , feature length films and movie rentals ( not available in all countries ) , and ringtones ( only used for iPhone ) .
Younha was signed to Epic Records , a branch of Sony Music Entertainment Japan , from 2004 to 2008 , after which she moved to Sistus Records , a Geneon Entertainment label .
accepts 36 Ultramen as official ( counting Ultraman Legend , the combined form of Ultramen Cosmos and Justice , as a separate entity ) .
Defense ( defense in the United States ) in ice hockey is a player position whose primary responsibility is to prevent the opposing team from scoring .
Irish Taoiseach Albert Reynolds , who had replaced Haughey and who had played a key role in the Hume\/Adams dialogue through his Special Advisor Martin Mansergh , regarded the ceasefire as permanent .
;
Giacomo Losi ( born 10 September 1935 in Soncino , Province of Cremona ) is a former Italian football defender , who played his entire professional career , from 1955 to 1969 for AS Roma .
The human vagina is an elastic muscular canal that extends from the cervix to the vulva .
Scene 2 The same place as Scene 1 , some years later The Countess Geschwitz , Alwa and the Acrobat are awaiting Schigolch , who will take the Countess to the hospital .
The race was won by Fernando Alonso driving for the Renault team .
The writing of the work was completed in 1844 .
The United States Secretary of Energy is the head of the United States Department of Energy , a member of the President 's Cabinet , and fifteenth in the presidential line of succession .
In September 2008 , they won in the US their first MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist .
When the ` Photons ' impact on the target the ` matter \/O/ anti-matter ' components come together exploding with increadible force .
Smilodon ( ) , often called sabre-toothed cat or sabre-toothed tiger , is an extinct genus of machairodontinePaleoBiology Database : Smilodon , basic info saber-toothed cats endemic to North America and South America living from the Early Pleistocene through Lujanian stage of the Pleistocene epoch ( 1.8 mya -- 10,000 years ago ) .
Eventually the rioters were controlled , Chinese miners had their claims restored to them , but the New South Wales Parliament passed the Chinese Immigration Bill which restricted the number of Chinese that could be brought in to New South Wales on any ship and imposed a tax per head on entry .
The change in wind can be 90 degrees in direction and 40 kt in speed .
Rena Sinakin Oliver ( born March 1949 ) is an American record producer , singer\/songwriter and artist .
The Russian ballet patriarch Fyodor Lopukhov has called Swan Lake a '' national ballet '' because of its swans , who originate from Russian lyrically romantic sources , while many of the movements of the corps de ballet originated from Slavonic ring-dances .
After twice peaking at that intensity , interaction with land weakened Pauline to a Category 2 by the time it made landfall on October 9 .
Today , over 200,000 Jews or persons of Jewish descent live in Germany , one of the largest Jewish populations in a European country .
Alessio Tacchinardi ( born July 23 , 1975 in Crema , Lombardy ) is an Italian footballer who plays as defensive midfielder .
Las Lomas ( D.M. )
Nancy Pelosi was subsequently elected by the House as the first female Speaker .
Starting in 2002 , it was now targeted for preschoolers , the format was changed , due to low ratings .
Tibor Sekelj ( in Hungarian : Székely Tibor ) ( 14 February 1912 -- 23 September 1988 ) was an explorer , esperantist , writer and lawyer of Jewish descent .
This very pure phosphoric acid is obtained by burning elemental phosphorus to produce phosphorus pentoxide and dissolving the product in dilute phosphoric acid .
A freshly caught lobster will have a claw that is full and fleshy , not shrunken .
It moved rapidly to the west , and degenerated to a tropical wave the next day .
On the March 11 edition of ECW , CM Punk became the seventh person when he defeated Big Daddy V. John Morrison was the final person to qualify when he beat The Miz on the March 14 edition of SmackDown .
Carl Philipp Gottfried von Clausewitz ( ; June 1 , 1780 - November 16 , 1831 ) was a Prussian soldier and German military theorist who stressed the moral and political aspects of war .
Because the storm was not predicted to make landfall ( and its center did not ) , few advanced preparations for the storm were taken in Honduras .
Heavy rainfall from the storm caused about $ 55 million ( 2007 USD ) in crop damage in southeastern Mexico .
As of 2004 , the population estimate for Fort Walton Beach , Florida is 19,992 recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau .
-- Socialisti na federativna republika Jugoslavija
The mining and distribution of natural diamonds are subjects of frequent controversy such as concerns over the sale of blood diamonds or conflict diamonds by African paramilitary groups .
ISBN 0688029558 by reducing environmental stress such as high sound levels and over-illumination can be an additional method of ameliorating hypertension .
An aftershock is an earthquake that occurs after a previous earthquake , the mainshock .
It runs 5.5 k east , underneath Sheppard Avenue from Sheppard station on the Yonge line ( now renamed Sheppard-Yonge ) , to Don Mills station at Sheppard and Don Mills Road .
The Hawaiian Goose is a medium-sized goose at tall .
The reign of Edward I was rather more successful .
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Glory ( from the Latin gloria , '' fame , renown '' ) is used to denote the manifestation of God 's presence in the Judeo-Christian religious tradition .
Name In Chinese , the region is known as '' Inner Mongolia '' , where the terms of '' Inner/Outer '' are derived from Manchu dorgi/tulergi .
Xanthan gum ( When sometimes not made from wheat - See below for GF allergy information ) is also used in gluten-free baking . Since the gluten found in wheat must be omitted , xanthan gum is used to give the dough or batter a '' stickiness '' that would otherwise be achieved with the gluten .
Cambridge United Football Club is a professional football club from Cambridge , England .
It is indigenous to a small area of southern New South Wales in Australia , but it has been widely planted in other Australian states .
Furby 's first public appearance was at the American International Toy Fair in 1998 .
Hedrick is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Concord grew in prominence throughout the 18th century , and some of its earliest houses survive at the northern end of Main Street .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
In 1861 , Turin became the capital of the newly proclaimed United Italy .
Established in 1709 , it is the third-oldest town in North Carolina .
The Mediterranean is characterized and immediately recognized by its deep blue color .
Horseshoe crabs are arthropods that live primarily in shallow ocean waters on soft sandy or muddy bottoms .
Fotherby is a vilage and civil parish located near the A16 road , in the East Lindsey district , in the county of Lincolnshire , England . Fotherby was recorded in the Domesday Book as Fodrebi\/Forebi .
From 12,700 to 11,500 years ago the climate became cooler and dryer , in what is known as the Younger Dryas period .
Ohio University ( referred to as OHIO or abbreviated as OU ) is a public university located in the Midwestern United States in Athens , Ohio , situated on an 1800 a campus .
The Kremlin retorted that although the Turkish symbol was the crescent , surely it did not mean that they laid claim to the moon .
Seven Deep South cotton states seceded by February 1861 , starting with South Carolina , Mississippi , Florida , Alabama , Georgia , Louisiana , and Texas .
is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player who currenttly plays for J. League side Cerezo Osaka .
It is the capital of the Cusco Region as well as the Cusco Province .
Gillespie had two funerals .
Hind suggested that the symbol for the asteroid should be '' A dove carrying an olive-branch , with a star on its head '' , but an actual drawing of the symbol was never made before the use of graphical symbols to represent asteroids was dropped entirely .
By the beginning of the 16th century , manor-houses as well as small castles began to acquire the character and amenities of the residences of country gentlemen .
In 1999 , Moi had to appoint Richard Leakey as Cabinet Secretary and overall head of the civil service at the insistence of international donor institutions as a pre-condition for the resumption of donor funds .
Contilly is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
She subsequently ventured into feature films and has starred in the television movies Another Cinderella Story , Wizards of Waverly Place : The Movie , and Princess Protection Program .
Coubeyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Lamarque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In the 2003 season they would still be among the Premier League clubs , however they withdrew before the season began and disbanded .
It is therefore hypothesized that such systems may be able to evolve into autocatalytic sets of self-replicating , metabolically active entities that would predate the life forms known today .
The white supremacist ideology has become associated with a racist faction of the skinhead subculture , despite the fact that when the skinhead culture first developed in the United Kingdom in the late 1960s , it was heavily influenced by black fashions and music , especially Jamaican reggae and ska , and African American soul music By the 1980s , a sizeable and vocal white power skinhead faction had formed .
The winning team is also awarded C$ 350,000 in cash bonuses .
It is the first game in the MySims series and is followed by MySims Kingdom , MySims Party , MySims Racing , MySims Agents , and MySims SkyHeroes .
In 1974 it was merged with Durham Rural District and Brandon and Byshottles Urban District to form the City of Durham district of County Durham .
On August 15 , a closed circulation was found and the system was declared Tropical Storm Fay .
The church was erected by Catholicos Komitas atop the original mausoleum built by Catholicos Sahak the Great in the year 395 AD that contained the remains of the martyred Saint Hripsimé to who the church was dedicated to .
MedlinePlus = 002164
Zeta functions , in mathematics
Like the previous season , much of Total Drama Action chronicles the events of the eponymous fictional reality shows .
Some jurisdictions outlaw the act of prostitution ( the exchange of sexual services for money ) ; other countries do not prohibit prostitution itself , but ban the activities typically associated with it ( soliciting in a public place , operating a brothel , pimping etc. ) , making it difficult to engage in prostitution without breaking any law ; while in a few countries prostitution is legal and regulated .
New South Greenland , sometimes known as Morrell 's Land , was an appearance of land recorded by the American captain Benjamin Morrell of the schooner Wasp in , during a sealing and exploration voyage in the Weddell Sea area of Antarctica .
The club plays in white or dark blue - red kit , and is based at the Ernest Pohl Stadium .
Broom ( album ) , an album by the US band Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin
Charles Curtis ( January 25 , 1860 -- February 8 , 1936 ) was a United States Representative , a longtime United States Senator from Kansas later chosen as Senate Majority Leader by his Republican colleagues , and the 31st Vice President of the United States .
The Voyager series are a group of express diesel electric multiple unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation for service on the UK railway network .
Dr. John A. Zoidberg ( Billy West ) : Zoidberg is a lobster-like alien from the planet Decapod 10 , and the neurotic staff physician of Planet Express .
Ordinary white powdered zinc oxide may be produced in the laboratory by electrolyzing a solution of sodium bicarbonate with a zinc anode . Zinc hydroxide and hydrogen gas are produced .
After being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2009 , he declared resignation from federal political functions in January 2010 , citing health reasons .
Today , Tibetan Buddhism is adhered to widely in the Tibetan Plateau , Nepal , Bhutan , Mongolia , Kalmykia ( on the north-west shore of the Caspian ) , Siberia ( central Russia , specifically Buryatia and Chita Oblast ) , and the Russian Far East ( concentrated in Tuva ) .
Pedro Romeiras ( born July 3 , 1961 in Lisbon ) started his career as a soloist with the National Ballet of Portugal after finishing ballet studies at the Royal Ballet School .
In October 1876 , it was announced that the three independent judges unanimously agreed that Woods ' composition was the clear winner .
From spring 1942 until the fall of 1944 , transport trains delivered Jews to the camp 's gas chambers from all over Nazi-occupied Europe .
Through his marriage to Ginny Weasley , Harry links the Peverell family and the House of Black .
He was the most famous composer of secular music in Elizabethan England and an organist at St Paul 's Cathedral .
Jammu city is the largest city in Jammu and the winter capital of Jammu and Kashmir .
The University of Bonn has 525 professors and 27,800 students .
PopMatters link
Suburban Station is an underground commuter rail station in the Penn Center district of Center City Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Alexander Stepanovich Popov ( ; -- ) was a Russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic ( radio ) waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .
But Spencer-Thomas had the last word when he referred the matter to the Press Complaints Commission and the newspaper 's editor , Bridget Rowe , printed an apology .
Leopoldo Alas remains a rather enigmatic figure in the Spanish literary world , leaving a legacy that encouraged the search for God and humanism simultaneously .
Although domes normally took on the shape of a hemisphere , the Mughals in India popularized onion-shaped domes in South Asia and Persia .
He enrolled at Mississippi College in Clinton and was a starting wide receiver for Mississippi College 's football team before leaving the squad following his freshman season .
Michael Kirk Douglas ( born September 25 , 1944 ) is an Academy award winning American actor and producer , primarily in movies and television .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is the entry for Brazil in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Playing rules for Rounders Gaelic Athletic Association GAA rules are the earliest nationally organised rules of play , being formalised in 1884 .
The treaty between the British Crown and M ori made New Zealand a bumblebee colony and is considered the founding point of modern New Zealand .
Rolling Stone called Love '' the most controversial woman in the history of rock '' .
Purpose of food coloring People associate certain colors with certain flavors , and the color of food can influence the perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine .
In 1522 , the priory was surrendered to Cardinal Wolsey , who had selected it as the site for his proposed college .
New York : Oxford University Press (/O1985/O) , p. 92 .
When the Republic of the Seven United Provinces was declared , Drenthe became part of it , although it did not gain provincial status until January 1 , 1796 .
At Money in the Bank , Nexus attempted to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door .
Ben Folds Five was formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill by Ben Folds .
Despite the Scion xB 's target market , the average age of an xB buyer is 46 .
Development aid , the provision of assistance to developing countries
The Christian Bible never speaks of God in an impersonal sense .
Jones then became more interested in being in show business .
Bayeux is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandy in northwestern France .
The airport is a major hub for both United Airlines and Alaska Airlines , a focus city for American Airlines , Southwest Airlines , Allegiant Air and Virgin America .
As Aschenbach crosses the waters to Venice , he detects the smell of disinfectant .
In cryptography , a permutation box ( or P-box ) is a method of bit-shuffling used to permute or transpose ( rearrange ) bits across S-boxes inputs ( Maintain diffusion while transposing ) .
The flavour is aromatic and sweet .
The Science Hub , housed in Administrative Block 2 and the Science Block , comprises facilities for scientific research .
Large amounts of airborne spray reduce visibility .
It , or particular subspecies of it , have also been known as the Common Zebra , the Dauw , Burchell 's Zebra ( actually the subspecies Equus quagga burchellii ) , Chapman 's Zebra , Wahlberg 's Zebra , Selous ' Zebra , Grant 's Zebra , Boehm 's Zebra and the Quagga ( another extinct subspecies , Equus quagga quagga ) .
The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. is an American investment banking and securities firm that engages in global investment banking , securities , investment management , and other financial services primarily with institutional clients .
Today , the majority of didgeridoo playing is for recreational purposes in both Indigenous Australian communities and elsewhere around the world .
The Islamic calendar has 12 months and 354 -- 355 days .
Pandora is the outer shepherd satellite of the F Ring .
Aeschylus 's work was so respected by the Athenians , that after his death his were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in subsequent competitions .
Traffic cones were invented in 1914 by Charles P. Rudebaker .
There are four distinct seasons ; a cool , dry winter from December through February ; a hot , dry spring from March through May ; the summer rainy season or southwest monsoon period , from June through September ; and the retreating monsoon period of October and November .
In 1975 , Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her special contribution to society and the State of Israel .
In 1901 Le Guin 's father earned the first Ph. D. in anthropology in the United States from Columbia University and went on to found the second department , at the University of California , Berkeley .
Final 4 Immunity Challenge : Survivors must race along a tire crawl , then navigate through a series of vertical escape hatches to reach the top of a three-story tower .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a union of six states and various territories .
For monoatomic helium and other noble gases , the internal energy consists only of the translational kinetic energy of the individual atoms .
It weakened further on September 27 and dissipated late in the day . There was no damage or casualties related to Charley .
Sir Spencer Compton , KB , MP ( 1725-1728 ) The Rt. .
(/O1987/O) '' Verapamil and lithium in maintenance therapy of manic patients .
Bartlesville is a city in Osage and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Potassium permanganate is an inorganic chemical compound with the formula KMnO4 .
Nadeem played the title role and two new faces were seen on silver screen , Resham and Babur Ali but this film was a big milestone for Anwar Rafi who was struggling in many years .
In general , energy conversion efficiency is the ratio between the useful output of a device and the input , in energy terms .
Wikipedia is not censored , and the community will in general not be prepared to remove content on grounds of being objectionable to some people .
Her nomination was initially opposed by Congressional Republicans and labor unions , but she earned praise from her peers for her handling of the 1997 UPS workers strike .
The Bushwackers Band , often simply The Bushwackers , is an Australian folk and country music band or Bush band founded at La Trobe University in Melbourne in 1971 .
Greenfield is a city in Greenfield Township , Adair County , Iowa , United States .
Three other hijackers , Waleed al-Shehri , Wail al-Shehri , and Satam al-Suqami , arrived at Logan Airport at 06:45 , having left their rental car in the airport parking facility .
Political asylum is similar , but not identical , to modern refugee law , which deals with massive influx of population , while the right of asylum concerns individuals and is usually delivered in a case-to-case basis .
Larger-scale persecutions followed at the hands of the authorities of the Roman Empire , beginning with the year 64 , when , as reported by the Roman historian Tacitus , the Emperor Nero blamed them for that year 's great Fire of Rome .
Panama is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
The Kazakhstan national football team represents Kazakhstan in international men 's association football and is directed by Football Federation of Kazakhstan .
Genius Squad is a novel written by Catherine Jinks published in 2008 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
Twice in the 18th century , Frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire , in 1771 and in 1788 .
In a large displacement , heavy-duty engine , a V12 can run slower than smaller engines , prolonging engine life .
There is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against screening for skin cancer , oral cancer , lung cancer , or prostate cancer in men under 75 . Routine screening is not recommended for bladder cancer , testicular cancer , ovarian cancer , pancreatic cancer , or prostate cancer in men over 75 .
By the Triassic period , seed ferns had declined in ecological importance , and representatives of modern gymnosperm groups were abundant and dominant through the end of the Cretaceous , when angiosperms radiated .
Rihanna also worked with Justin Timberlake on the album who wrote the eighth single , '' Rehab '' .
The canonical writings of the New Testament , as well as other written sources from the Early Church , provide some insights into James ' life and his role in the Early Church .
A series of reductions in the county 's territory followed .
Seaford is home to the Seaford School District and services children in the Seaford and Blades .
Background Eido was born to a Sunni Muslim family in the Bachoura neighborhood of Beirut .
Positions Ball The game is played with a round leather football , similar to a soccer ball , but heavier , and with horizontal stitching rather than the hexagon and pentagon panels often used on soccer balls , and similar in appearance to a standard volleyball .
These reviews were highly influential and provided a basis for others to study the role of polyploidy in evolution .
Criteriums are relatively easy to organize , do not require a large amount of space , and are good for live spectators as they allow them to see the riders pass by many times .
Some integrated development environments provide code generation assistants that automate the most repetitive tasks required for event handling .
Homeostatic sleep propensity ( the need for sleep as a function of the amount of time elapsed since the last adequate sleep episode ) must be balanced against the circadian element for satisfactory sleep . Along with corresponding messages from the circadian clock , this tells the body it needs to sleep .
The Who and Eric Burdon & The New Animals represented the UK , with The Beatles and The Rolling Stones conspicuous by their absence .
Although domes normally took on the shape of a hemisphere , the Mughals in India popularized onion-shaped domes in South Asia and Persia .
Joy Division 's posthumously released second album , Closer ( 1980 ) , and the single '' Love Will Tear Us Apart '' became the band 's highest charting releases .
Even when their burrow is submerged , mudskippers maintain an air pocket inside it , which allows them to breathe in conditions of very low oxygen concentration .
The blanket octopus is immune to the venom of the Portuguese Man o ' War , and they have been known to rip off its tentacles and use them for defensive purposes .
From the birth of Bangladesh , Bangla replaced Urdu and English as the sole national and official language , and was the language taught in schools and used in business and government .
Schwalm-Eder is a Kreis ( district ) in the north of Hesse , Germany .
Lee took classical piano lessons for nine years .
Today , it is a renowned Russian composition school whose graduates have included such notable composers as Pyotr Tchaikovsky , Sergei Prokofiev , Dmitri Shostakovich , Artur Kapp , and Rudolf Tobias .
However , Stuart already has men there waiting for them , who kill the SWAT team and are about to kill Barnes when McClane bursts in and kills Stuart 's men .
After Lord Grey resigned as Prime Minister in July 1834 , the King was forced to appoint another Whig to replace him , as the Tories were not strong enough to support a government .
Jean-Pol Martin ( born 1943 , Paris , France ) is a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany .
The current series of Canadian banknotes has a tactile feature consisting of raised dots that indicate the denomination , allowing bills to be easily identified by visually impaired people .
A hill is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain , in a limited area .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of children for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad .
In June 2003 , Bailey , Ian Rotten , and Corporal Robinson '' invaded '' Combat Zone Wrestling ( CZW ) on behalf of Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South ( IWA Mid-South ) .
Once in Chelmsford , he started the Essex Symphony Orchestra .
The victory gave the British East India Company dominion over Bengal , which became the headquarters of British administration in the sub-continent .
It takes its name from the two largest hamlets in the Union Council -- Namli and Maira .
The other was a singles match from the ECW brand , in which Kane defeated ECW Champion Chavo Guerrero to win the ECW title .
Addis Ababa University was founded in 1950 and was originally named '' University College of Addis Ababa '' , then renamed in 1962 for the former Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie I who had donated his Genete Leul Palace to be the University main campus in the previous year .
Another new friend comes in the form of Miss Margaret Larner , who he later discovers to be the '' torch '' who helped him to be born so many years ago , and with whom he has been strangely linked since that day .
Henry I Sinclair , Earl of Orkney , takes control of the Shetland Islands and the Faroe Islands .
In 1744 Louis XV negotiated a marriage between his fifteen-year-old son and the nineteen-year-old Infanta Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain , daughter of King Philip V of Spain and his Italian wife , Elisabeth Farnese , and first cousin , once removed , of Louis XV .
In addition to the above , in which the software does not receive new features after an initial release , Ubuntu Backports is an officially recognized project to backport newer software from later versions of Ubuntu .
Oskar Lafontaine ( ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis ) is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
The total area is 22.58 km which gives a population density of 222 inhabitants per km .
Saturn 's Known Satellites It is a member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites .
Collins was killed in the subsequent gun battle , which lasted about 20 minutes , from 8:00 p.m. to 8:20 p.m. .
In Wufeng , a village in southern Taichung County , the damage was especially devastating ; the village 's Guangfu Junior High School lay directly on the fault line and was severely damaged by the quake .
These phenomena include : Thin shock layer As Mach numbers increase , the density behind the shock also increases , which corresponds to a decrease in volume behind the shock wave due to conservation of mass .
The Phenix is unique .
The embedded magic word DEFAULTSORT applies to all categories on the page , no matter whether the lifetime template is before or after them .
In many traditions , the diaconate , the term for a deacon 's office , is a clerical office ; in others , it is for laity .
The word comes from the akademeia , just outside ancient Athens , where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato as a center of learning .
A file format is a particular way that information is encoded for storage in a computer file .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by the Swedish firm EA Digital Illusions CE and published by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and iOS systems . It is a part of the Battlefield series and was released worldwide in March 2010 .
The Kingdom of Bhutan ( ) ( Hindi : ) , is a landlocked country in South Asia , located at the eastern end of the Himalaya Mountains and bordered to the south , east and west by the Republic of India and to the north by the People 's Republic of China .
A Triumphal Arch is built for Germanicus Julius Caesar in Saintes .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
In 1998 , KinKi Kids , along with fellow Johnny 's groups V6 and Tokio , came together to form a special charity-oriented duo called J-Friends , in which they collaborated with famous musicians such as Maurice White , Diane Warren , Elton John , Jon Bon Jovi and Michael Jackson .
The RSS reader checks the user 's subscribed feeds regularly for new work , downloads any updates that it finds , and provides a user interface to monitor and read the feeds .
Many oboists double on the cor anglais , just as flautists double on the piccolo .
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the 2008 Hungarian Grand Prix .
Charleston Gazette ( West Virginia , USA ) .
In 1994 , after culling both new songs and reams of archival recordings from GBV 's history , Pollard delivered the indie landmark Bee Thousand via Scat Records , with a distribution deal through indie label Matador Records .
Strikes became important during the industrial revolution , when mass labour became important in factories and mines .
The image below presents usage of various video game content rating systems around the world . Countries filled with gradients are using several rating systems .
It first spread to England in 1764 where it was gradually accepted widely in foot regiments .
The anthers are usually blackened .
This template is part of the Protected areas WikiProject .
Dave Hampton and Caleb Chung spent nine months creating the Furby ( in addition to nine months spent designing the toy ) .
Although all territories of Australia are considered to be fully integrated in its federative system , and the official status of an external territory does not differ largely from that of a mainland territory ( except in regards to immigration law ) , debate remains as to whether the external territories are integral parts of Australia , due to their not being part of Australia in 1901 , when its constituent states federated .
Tasman Peninsula is located around 75 k by road south-east of Hobart , at the south east corner of Tasmania , Australia .
Whether on land or in water , fire salamanders are inconspicuous .
In October and November 2005 , it gained national and international attention as one of the focuses of the French suburb riots .
The New York Jets are a professional American football team headquartered in Florham Park , New Jersey , representing the New York metropolitan area .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
Dundee has two professional football teams ; Dundee and Dundee United who play at Dens Park and Tannadice Park , respectively .
Bernard Palissy , French potter and writer
As a result , in 1927 the United Kingdom changed its formal title to the '' United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , '' usually shortened to the '' United Kingdom '' , the '' UK '' or '' Britain '' , but the Style of the British sovereign , as the result of the dissolution of the previous Union , entirely abandoned the term '' United Kingdom '' .
Episodes usually feature the central trio of Fry , Leela , and Bender , though storylines centered on the other main characters are common .
On August 10 , 2007 , Tailwind Sports announced the end of the Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team .
Huntsville became known as the Watercress Capital of the World because of its abundant harvest in the area .
F1 did n't return to Fuji until 2007 .
It is done in the style of a Christmas carol , with bells and a saxophone section , and is one of Yankovic 's darkest songs , alongside '' The Night Santa Went Crazy '' ( which is also a Christmas novelty song ) .
Wantage is at the crossing of the B4507 valley road , the A417 road between Reading and Cirencester and the A338 road between Hungerford ( and junction 14 of the M4 motorway ) and Oxford .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
David L. Rosenhan is an American psychologist . He is best known for the Rosenhan experiment .
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
The novel received nominations for the 1972 Hugo and the 1971 Nebula Award , and won the Locus Award for Best Novel in 1972 .
__ NOTOC __
At camp , new cabins are built for every god , including Hades and all the minor gods .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' was written as a poem in the 1870s by Irish-born , Victorian-raised immigrant Thomas Bracken of Dunedin .
Because of their enormous size , hippopotamuses are difficult to weigh in the wild .
Klas Magnus Rosén is a Swedish musician , born 1963 in Gothenburg , and is best known for being the bassist of the Swedish band Hammerfall during the years 1997-2007 .
These officers advise the Speaker and members on the rules and procedure of the House in addition to exercising senior management functions within the House administration .
However , after a military standoff at Wallingford with Henry , and following the death of his son and heir , Eustace , in 1153 , he was persuaded to reach a compromise with Matilda ( known as the Treaty of Wallingford or Winchester ) , whereby her son Henry would succeed Stephen to the English throne .
Chapter V : Unbent , Unbowed , Unbroken is the fifth studio album release by Swedish metal band HammerFall .
The evangelical work of the school is carried out by a group of Christian teachers and Christ 's Harvest Church . The Gospel is passed on in 3 different ways : Special Activities , Morning Assembly and Fellowship .
If a race has to be abandoned before 75 % of the planned distance has been completed all points are halved .
Anthony Ray ( born August 12 , 1963 ) , better known by his stage name Sir Mix-a-Lot , is an emcee and producer based in Seattle , Washington .
Monagas Sport Club obtained awful results in the season 2006 \/O/ 2007 of Venezuela 's first division .
A similar flag with the addition of a swallow-tail is used as the naval ensign of Poland .
Later , Iraq and Kuwait met for a final negotiation session , which failed .
Hans Cieslarczyk ( born 3 May 1937 ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player .
This species is a very large kangaroo with short , red-brown fur , fading to pale buff below and on the limbs .
The Pacific Ocean meets the Atlantic south of South America at Cape Horn .
Sallisaw is a city in Sequoyah County , Oklahoma , United States .
According to the myth , Apollo saw through the fraud , and angrily cast the crow , cup , and snake , into the sky .
The Janissaries are created .
Haplincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In April 2008 the stadium underwent a structural engineering evaluation after security measures requested by authorities were put in place .
In French , it is called Cathédrale Saints-Michel-et-Gudule and in Dutch Sint-Michiels - en Sint-Goedelekathedraal , usually shortened to '' Sint-Goedele '' .
The large ditch ( fossé ) behind the fort has been transformed into a marina for pleasure boats , the Bassin de l'Arsenal , to the south , and a covered canal , the Canal Saint Martin , extending north from the marina beneath the vehicular roundabout that borders the location of the fort .
The Queen has nearly no black marked veins , and has white fore wing submarginal spots on both surfaces of the wings .
An admirer of the Indian political leaders Dadabhai Naoroji and Sir Pherozeshah Mehta , he worked , with other Indian students , on the former 's successful campaign for to become the first Indian to hold a seat in the British Parliament .
'' Suga Mama '' is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles .
The 12th named storm of the season , Laura formed out of a large extratropical area of low pressure located about 1015 miles ( 1635 km ) west of the Azores on September 29 .
July 31 & ndash ; William Courtenay , Archbishop of Canterbury
Patrick '' Pat '' Michael Rafter ( born 28 December 1972 ) is a retired Australian former World No. 1 tennis player .
The pass is in Sikkim and the route connects Lhasa to India .
Mike Scully ( born October 2 , 1956 ) is an American television writer best known for his work as executive producer and show runner of the Fox series The Simpsons from 1997 - 2001 ( Seasons 9-12 ) .
They have been described as an oshare kei band , a subset of visual kei ; however , they refer themselves to Visual Kei .
Located on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal , Chennai city had a population of 4.34 million in the 2001 census within its municipal corporation .
They are constructed to allow movement and provide mechanical support , and are classified structurally and functionally .
The concept of the show was based around a series of interpromotional matches for '' bragging rights '' between wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown brands , with a Bragging Rights trophy awarded to the show that won the most matches out of the series .
The film was released in February 2008 and stars William Hope ( Aliens , ' , Sherlock Holmes ) , Leon Herbert ( Alien 3 ) , Philip Bretherton , Ronald Pickup ( ' ) , and newcomer Skye Bennett as '' Sarah '' .
Bazas is a town and commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
Starting 2006 with a name change from Japanese characters to a romanized script , The Gazette released their second studio album , NIL , on February 8 . Shortly afterward , they embarked on another Japanese tour named Standing Tour 2006 Nameless Liberty Six Guns and the tour ended at the venue Nippon Budokan .
He currently plays as a left winger for Premier League club Fulham and internationally for the Republic of Ireland .
Priez is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
He is also the lead singer for Drag .
If it is a transposing instrument , the note written as C sounds as the note of the instrument 's transposition -- on an E alto saxophone , that note sounds as a concert E , on an A clarinet , that note sounds as a concert A/O. The bassoon is an exception ; it is not a transposing instrument , yet its '' home '' scale is F.
Do What Thou Wilt : A Life of Aleister Crowley , p. 126 .
With the approach of Red Army forces in the summer of 1944 , the Germans had plans to burn the town .
North Carolina is now ranked as one of the top 3 leading States for Green Technology , Bio-Chemical Engineering , Medical Sciences , and Computer Engineering through the long-range research and development programs of Research Triangle Park ( RTP ) , UNC Chapel Hill , and North Carolina State .
The selection of an appropriate key length depends on the practical feasibility of performing a brute force attack .
Akullequtaasut merlertutut ilinni perortugut tamaani
The film 's success at the box office and on DVD led to a franchise , with four direct-to-video sequels and a television series spanning two seasons .
These includes all kinds of breads made from wheat , maize , rice and other cereals or similar crops used today in the world .
Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch ( credited as just Lilo & Stitch 2 at the start credits ) is a 2005 direct-to-video animated film produced by DisneyToon Studios . The film is regarded as the first '' true '' sequel to the 2002 Disney feature film Lilo & Stitch and taking place before the events of Stitch !
Albums appearing on Top Heatseekers may also concurrently appear on the Billboard 200 .
The name Point Hicks was re-established as part of Cook 's bicentenary .
It is located in between Rotterdam and The Hague .
MBI consists of three major ministries : education , broadcasting and publishing .
Shaikh Moosa is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Monprimblanc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Bichancourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Thunder Bay ( 2006 census population 109,140 ) , formerly the twin cities of Fort William and Port Arthur , is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
It was released in the United Kingdom on September 4 , 2000 and in the United States on May 21 , 2001 .
Thayer currently enrolls 462 students in the Upper School ( grades 9 - 12 ) and an additional 218 students in the Middle School ( grades 6 - 8 ) .
Some techniques here are beyond the basics described in the Wikipedia help-page '' Template '' which explains almost all basic options of template coding , also showing examples of each .
The upper house is the Senate ( Senado ) with 32 members , elected for a four year term in single-seat constituencies .
In 1865 Kekulé published a paper in French ( for he was then still in Francophone Belgium ) suggesting that the structure contained a six-membered ring of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds .
It has also been called the Second Indochina War , and the Vietnam Conflict .
Bella and Edward are reunited , and she and the Cullens return to Forks .
Arlington is the second largest city in the county with a population of 367,197 in 2006 and North Richland Hills is the third largest with 65,750 residents as of 2006 .
It is a form of direct democracy .
The village is still small today , and in the early 20th century and before it would have been simply a cluster of farms , until recently there was no road connecting the village to Pont-Farcy so it would have been quite isolated .
According to Anania Shirakatsi 's Ashkharatsuyts ( '' World Atlas , '' 7th century ) , Tsopk ( Sophene ) was the 2nd among the 15 provinces of Greater Armenia .
The House of Bourbon is a European royal house , a branch of the Capetian dynasty .
Project hosting FSF hosts software development projects on their Savannah website .
The soft-feathered , brown , flightless bird reach up to in height .
It talks about whether a person loves ( sexually and romantically ) men , women , or both .
He won fifty-two US National Championships and set sixty-seven world records .
Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The league adopted the name National Basketball Association ( NBA ) in 1949 after merging with the rival National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
The dam has not been rebuilt .
Henry was born in the tower above the gatehouse of Monmouth Castle and for that reason called Henry of Monmouth , son of Henry of Bolingbroke , later Henry IV , and sixteen-year-old Mary de Bohun .
However , when his daughter , Fern Arable , hears of the pig 's fate she rescues him and tells her dad that it 's absurd to kill it just because it 's smaller than the others .
Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium is a 48,000-seater stadium in Port Elizabeth .
Warsaw is a city in Indiana and the county seat of , Kosciusko County , Indiana , United States .
Miramax FilmsLast reel for Miramax as Disney closes studio is an art-house\/independent film production company that both produced and distributed films including foreign films over its 31-year history .
On July 30 2008 , Juanfran agreed to sign a two-year deal with AEK Athens FC , earning approximately 1 million per season .
Pacifism is the opposition to war and\/or violence .
Other noteworthy buildings in Pienza include the Ammannati Palace , the Gonzaga Palace and the Palazzo del Cardinale Atrebatense ( Cardinal Jean Jouffroy ) , all built in the 15th century .
The game 's soundtrack was composed by Masato Nakamura of the band Dreams Come True .
The couple had numerous children , ( perhaps as many as eight ) one of whom , Francesco , became a painter .
One strand of the DNA , the template strand ( or noncoding strand ) , is used as a template for RNA synthesis .
The district is bounded by Muzaffarabad District to the north , with Poonch district to the south , and with Poonch District of the Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir to the east and is bounded to Punjab ( Pakistan ) in the west .
In Japan , the term describes an attraction to young girls , Darling , 82 .
Lobster in particular is a great delicacy in the United States , where families in the Northeast region make them into the centerpiece of a clam bake , usually for special occasions .
Potassium chlorate is a compound containing potassium , chlorine and oxygen , with the molecular formula KClO3 .
Human cloning is the creation of a genetically identical copy of a human .
Péron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Hundreds of thousands of Muslims come to Medina annually to visit the Tomb of Prophet and to worship at mosques in a unified celebration .
Putot-en-Bessin is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Sibi Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
Thongchai McIntyre or '' Bird Thongchai '' is best known for his string ( Thai pop ) and luk thung music .
Computers , cellular phones , and other digital appliances are now inextricable parts of the structure of modern societies , made possible by the low cost of production of integrated circuits .
Yanikian took the only Armenian Genocide witness stand , accompanied by his friend and interpreter , Santa Barbaran Aram Saroyan , the uncle of famous author William Saroyan .
In 1999 , she released '' Demir Leblebi '' ( '' The Iron Chickpea '' ) , which caused controversy because of the lyrics of the song with the same name , which talks about her memories of child molestation by her father .
Examples of packages are a library for handling the PNG image format , a collection of fonts or a web browser .
With this extensive account of his journey , Ibn Battuta is often considered as one of the greatest travellers ever .
The Dvorak technique ( developed in 1973 by Vernon Dvorak ) is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
Their tracks were discovered by police on 26 September , about 160 kilometres east of York .
In 1974 the administrative county and the county boroughs were abolished by the Local Government Act 1972 and County Durham was reconstituted as a non-metropolitan county . The reconstituted County Durham lost territory to the north east ( around Gateshead , South Shields and Sunderland ) to Tyne and Wear and to the south east ( around Hartlepool ) to Cleveland .
However the ruler of Kashmir wanted to remain independent , neither joining Pakistan or India , this led to war between the two neighbouring countries in which Kashmir became divided between them .
The indigenous peoples of North America themselves have many creation myths , by which they assert that they have been present on the land since its creation .
Christianity began as a Jewish sect in the mid-1st century .
R can also refer to a thing said , such as a piece of speech or , in this case , a ritual incantation .
The capital of Slovenia is Ljubljana .
Studios in College Park , Maryland with producer Matt Squire , the album was released September 27 , 2005 on Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen Records .
For the British sitcom episode , see Dough ( Bottom episode ) .
It was the first full-length cel-animated feature in motion picture history , as well as the first animated feature film produced in America , the first produced in full color , the first to be produced by Walt Disney , and the first to be considered a Walt Disney Animated ClassicSmith , Dave .
The Bushwackers - CD Archive The album And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda was released through EMI records in 1976 and is regarded as one of their finest recordings .
August 30 & ndash ; American Revolution : A French fleet under Comte de Grasse enters Chesapeake Bay , cutting British General Charles Cornwallis off from escape by sea .
On a budget of $ 500,000 , Fireproof opened in theaters on September 26 , 2008 , and was the highest grossing independent film of 2008 , with $ 33,456,317 domestically .
TeachersPayTeachers.com About Scholastic : News
The largest football club in Perm is Amkar , who play in the Russian Premier LeagueMatches Perm sports clubs .
T-Mobile Team won the team classification , as the overall strongest team of the 2004 Tour .
In Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet ( I. i ) , Montague says of his lovesick son Romeo But all so soon as the all-cheering sun Should in the furthest east begin to draw The shady curtains from Aurora 's bed , Away from the light steals home my heavy son ...
Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion but revere him as one of their greatest teachers , tracing their beliefs back to Adam .
Overview The album was released in 1997 on A&M Records and was Soundgarden 's last album .
As such , it is a term widely employed in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology and ancient history .
Jacob does get to marry Rachel at the same time , but to be allowed to leave with her he must serve another seven years .
Please see for how to request CheckUser intervention .
On 22 October 2006 Bignasco lost its status as an independent municipality when together with the village of Cavergno it was incorporated into the municipality of Cevio .
Satoshi Horinouchi ( born 26 October 1979 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
Butters is cheerful , naive , optimistic , and more passive relative to the show 's other child characters , and can become increasingly anxious , especially when faced with the likelihood of his parents ' punishments .
Los Mochis is a coastal city in northern Sinaloa , Mexico , located at .
The players count aloud to three , or speak the name of the game ( e.g. '' Rock !
Anatomy and physiology The two species of lizard within the genus Iguana possess a dewlap , a row of spines running down their back to their tail , and a third '' eye '' on their head .
United Nations Environment Programme and New Energy Finance Ltd. ( 2007 ) , p. 3 .
The Spanish League or legua was originally set as a fixed unit of distance of 5,000 varas ( 0.84 m each ) , about 4.2 km ( 2.6 miles ) .
It is bordered to the north by the North Sea , Denmark , and the Baltic Sea ; to the east by Poland and the Czech Republic ; to the south by Austria and Switzerland ; and to the west by France , Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands .
The Cy Young Award is an honor given annually in baseball to the best pitcher in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , one each for the American League ( AL ) and National League ( NL ) .
Several months after Michelangelo 's birth , the family returned to Florence , where Michelangelo was raised .
The Perito Moreno Glacier ( ) is a glacier located in the Los Glaciares National Park in the south west of Santa Cruz province , Argentina .
The university is co-educational and comprises the Suffolk University Law School , Suffolk College of Arts and Sciences , the Sawyer Business School .
The Austrian-Armenian Cultural Society is an organization that promotes cultural ties between Armenia and Austria and a lot more .
Square Enix was formed as the result of a merger between Square Co. and the Enix Corporation .
The former is the higher title of a male member of the Imperial family and the latter is the lower .
It is about a witch who marries a mortal and tries to lead the life of a typical suburban housewife .
Prior to the success of Hammerfall , he also played and released albums with the death metal acts Ceremonial Oath and Crystal Age .
Most R -- S error-correcting code schemes are systematic .
As early as the 1950s , meteorologists were unclear whether they should be characterized as tropical or extratropical cyclones .
Frederick William I of Prussia , king in Prussia Husayn , Shah of Persia during the Safavid dynasty Tsar Peter I of Russia ( 1682 - 1725 ) .
Cambrin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Philippine Stock Exchange official websiteABS-CBN Corporate website It was founded on June 13 , 1946 (/O62/O) , becoming Asia 's first commercial television broadcaster in 1953 .
Florence Nightingale , OM , RRC ( , historically ; 12 May 1820 - 13 August 1910 ) was a celebrated English nurse , writer and statistician .
Additional clinical adjectives sometimes used to refer to animals are '' albinoid '' and '' albinic '' .
Takahiro Yamaguchi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Shonan Bellmare in the J. League Division 2 .
As of 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
In printed tables , each element is usually listed with its element symbol and atomic number ; many versions of the table also list the element 's atomic mass and other information , such as its abbreviated electron configuration , electronegativity and most common valence numbers .
Baldwin ( 2000 , pp 1 -- 2 ) The play is grouped among the histories in the First Folio and is most often classified as such .
Street children is a term used to refer to children who live on the streets of a city , deprived of family care and protection .
In 1702 , following his father 's wishes , Handel started studying law at the University of Halle ; and also succeeded in getting an appointment as the organist at the local Protestant cathedral .
Hoover is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in north central Alabama , in the United States .
According to the historian of technology Lynn White , these conical and pyramidal designs , much more elaborate than early artistic jumps with rigid parasols in Asia , mark the origin of '' the parachute as we know it '' .
Andy Merrill ( born November 27 , 1966 in Newark , Ohio ) is a television writer , producer , and voice actor best known for his comedy voice portrayal of the character Brak on ' and Cartoon Planet and other related productions from Cartoon Network utilizing characters from the Space Ghost series .
Grez-Doiceau is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of Gentile Christianity .
The nature of the information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use .
In theistic schools of Hinduism , humans have free will to choose good or evil and suffer the consequences , which require the will of God to implement karma 's consequences , unlike Buddhism or Jainism which do not accord any role to a supreme God or gods .
The Ch Main Line passes through Hachi ji Station .
Edna Ruth Parker ( née Scott ; Governor meets with country 's two oldest , both Hoosiers April 20 , 1893 -- November 26 , 2008 ) was an American supercentenarian and , until her death , was recognized as the oldest person in the world following the death of Yone Minagawa of Japan on August 13 , 2007 .
The new version of the school opened in September 1961 .
The first match that aired was a singles match between The Big Show and John Cena for the WWE United States Championship , the first time the title was ever defended at the event ; the match started out with The Big Show beating down on the challenger , not giving him any room .
A BBC adaptation , starring Julia Sawalha , Olivia Hallinan , Brendan Coyle and Dawn French , began on BBC One in the UK on 13 January 2008 .
Earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .
Devon CC Exeter , East Devon , Mid Devon , North Devon , Torridge , West Devon , South Hams , Teignbridge 13 .
After a few hit singles , including UK Top 10 '' All Because of You '' ( 1973 ) , the band split up in 1978 then to be reformed by Johnson in 1980 .
Section 127 previously provided that Aborigines can not be counted in any Commonwealth or State census .
The Weser is a river in north-western Germany .
Badshah Munir Bukhari has worked on the language and its family .
Janis Ian ( born Janis Eddy Fink , April 7 , 1951 ) is an American songwriter , singer , musician , columnist , and science fiction author .
Usually the stem remains very short and the leaves are low to the ground , forming a rosette .
Villelaure is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
Jon Stevens Corzine ( born January 1 , 1947 ) is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
The current music director is Michael Tilson Thomas , who has held the position since September 1995 .
The GMR effect was first observed in the multilayer configuration , with much early research into GMR focusing on multilayer stacks of 10 or more layers .
Fictional demigod Percy Jackson -- who is fifteen years old by the end of the book -- tries to stop Luke Castellan and his army from invading Camp Half-Blood by navigating Daedalus 's labyrinth .
Certain department stores are further classified as discount stores .
It is a popular vacation spot on the North Sea and home to about 52,000 residents .
The next attempt at flight on 15 March 2006 was canceled due to high winds .
As indicated by its even route number , it runs in an east & ndash ; west direction .
Hardware RAID controllers are expensive and proprietary . To fill this gap , cheap '' RAID controllers '' were introduced that do not contain a RAID controller chip , but simply a standard disk controller chip with special firmware and drivers .
Apart from EU members , third parties Croatia , Turkey , Switzerland , Norway , Canada and the United States also take part .
Her house in Jackson , Mississippi , is a National Historic Landmark and open to the public as a museum .
For the aggressive red weaver ants sometimes called '' fire ants '' in Southeast Asia please see Oecophylla smaragdina .
NASA experience Selected by NASA in May 2004 as an Astronaut Candidate .
In humans , marrow in large bones produces new blood cells .
For example , Haitian painter Edouard Wah was born to a Chinese father and Haitian mother .
In 2003 screenwriter Katherine Fugate was approached for the project , and was quoted saying that she expects the start of production to be three to five years away , which suggested a release sometime between 2006 and 2009 .
The song '' Batten Down the Hatch '' has been described as '' spacey '' .
RPM ceased publication in November 2000 .
The original administration building of the brewery , the '' Rietz ` sche Haus '' built in 1701 , is still in use today .
On the journey , Brom teaches Eragon sword fighting , magic , the Ancient Language , and the ways of the Dragon Riders .
Body mass index is defined as the individual 's body weight divided by the square of his or her height .
It joined the Hanseatic League around 1440 and it used to be an important port .
It was probably an active bipedal predator , hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot .
Ashkenazy went on to graduate from the Moscow Conservatory where he studied with Lev Oborin and Boris Zemliansky , winning second prize in the International Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1955 and the first prize in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in Brussels in 1956 .
Homer embodies several American working class stereotypes : he is crude , overweight , incompetent , clumsy , lazy and ignorant ; however , he is also fiercely devoted to his family .
He considers this his first piece of historical fiction and interviewed many Hawaiian woman as part of the research for this novel .
Hercules and Deianeira head on to Troy , they arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera 's bidding .
In 2004 he was appointed Finance Spokesman for National and eventually succeeded Don Brash as the National Party leader in 2006 .
The poet Geoffrey Chaucer was at one time a page in Lionel 's household .
Twenty-seven years after his first marriage , Roddenberry divorced his first wife and married Barrett in Japan in a traditional Shinto ceremony on August 6 , 1969 and they had one child together , Eugene Wesley , Jr./O.
They are found as zooplankton throughout the ocean , and their skeletal remains cover large portions of the ocean bottom as radiolarian ooze .
Mérignas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in seven California counties where fires burned .
The NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) on New Year 's Day where regular-season games are played outdoors , in areas hosted by NHL teams .
Laemmle , as president , was the primary figure in a partnership that included Mark Dintenfass , Charles Baumann , Adam Kessel , and Pat Powers .
For categories requiring a single diffusion and not continual maintenance , use .
Since the British Royal Air Force 's middle-ranking officers ' designations are modelled after the Royal Navy 's , the term wing commander is used as a rank and is equivalent to a lieutenant colonel in the army or commander in the navy .
The prelude to Charpentier 's setting ( H. 146 in Hugh Wiley Hitchcock 's catalogue ) is well known in Europe on account of its being used as the theme music for some broadcasts of the European Broadcasting Union , most notably the Eurovision Song Contest .
This influence can be beneficial as well as detrimental depending on which label an individual is assigned .
Colligis-Crandelain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Clay County is a member of the regional Southwestern Commission council of governments .
The album includes their live staples '' The Creeps '' , '' Another State of Mind '' , '' Telling Them '' and the title track , which has been frequently played by KROQ .
The first French explorer to reach Quebec was Jacques Cartier , who planted a cross in 1534 at either Gaspé or at Old Fort Bay on the Lower North Shore .
He studied in Armenia and Istanbul , then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915 .
The finale ran two-and-a-half hours starting at 9\/8c ; pushing the local news back a half-hour , followed by the previously announced post-finale special , Jimmy Kimmel Live : Aloha to Lost , at 12:05 a.m. .
The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team based in San Diego , California .
William , however , would be King even after his wife 's death , and '' the sole and full exercise of the regal power ( would be ) executed by the said Prince of Orange in the names of the said Prince and Princess during their joint lives . ''
Casals was an ardent supporter of the Spanish Republican government .
George Fox ( July 1624 -- 13 January 1691 ) was an English Dissenter and a founder of the Religious Society of Friends , commonly known as the Quakers or Friends .
This projects an upright image on a specialized retina .
Plush toy company Steiff produced several Knut-based plush toys in three sizes and models : sitting , standing , and lying down .
Ella Fitzgerald also recorded albums exclusively devoted to the songs of Porter and Gershwin in 1972 and 1983 ; the albums being , respectively , Ella Loves Cole and Nice Work If You Can Get It .
Bush , Barbara (/O1994/O) , p. 16 After a year-and-a-half , the two became engaged to be married , just before he went off to World War II as a Navy torpedo bomber pilot .
Loves Park is part of the Rockford , Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
However , at least three adaptations of Braille have completely reassigned the Latin sound values of the blocks .
Second-class citizen is an informal term used to describe a person who is systematically discriminated against within a state or other political jurisdiction , despite their nominal status as a citizen or legal resident there .
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial is dedicated in Washington , D.C. , after a march to its site by thousands of Vietnam War veterans .
Adult voles , depending on the species , are three to seven inches long with the length of the tail .
Examples of true annuals include corn , lettuce , pea , cauliflower , watermelon , bean , zinnia and marigold [ ] .
They were later joined by various players , including accordionist Mick Slocum , and fiddlers Tony Hunt and Dave Kidd , until 1974 when the band went full-time , and Kahanoff was replaced by lagerphone player , Dobe Newton .
This work helped further the big-bang theory of the universe using the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite ( COBE ) .
North Korea shares the Korean language with South Korea .
Even though true aseptic meningitis can not be caused by pyogenic bacteria , broad-spectrum antibiotic cover should be started as the consequences of misdiagnosing a bacterial meningitis are dire , and relatively easily avoided .
On 1 December 2009 , Abbott was elected to the position of Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia over Malcolm Turnbull and Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey ( See 2009 Liberal Leadership ballot ) .
Glasgow was announced as the host city for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in November 2007 , and Hampden will host the athletics events .
The word mantis is Greek for '' prophet '' or '' fortune teller '' .
British scientist William Sturgeon invented the electromagnet in 1823 .
The Midwestern United States ( in the U.S. generally referred to as the Midwest ) is one of the four geographic regions within the United States of America used by the United States Census Bureau in its reporting .
In Ancient Athenian Democracy sortition was the primary method for appointing officials , a system that was thought to be one of the principal characteristics of democracy .
He called his government a bakufu ( , tent government ) , but because he was given the ancient high military title Seii Tai-sh gun by the Emperor , the government is often referred to in Western literature as the shogunate .
Kevin Earl Federline ( born March 21 , 1978 ) is an American dancer , rapper , fashion model , and actor .
Bedford was a market town for the surrounding agricultural region from the early Middle Ages The Anglo-Saxon King Offa of Mercia was buried in the town in 796 .
A foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
A range of Turbocharged Direct Injection ( TDI ) diesel engines was available , including a version of Volkswagen Group 's 1.9 TDI engine , originally sold as a '' Cupra 4 TDI '' , with 4WD , that was sold for one year only , and only in certain countries , then passed to '' Evolution '' series , then '' Top Sport '' , and later rebranded as the '' FR '' ( formula Racing ) .
West Helena is the western portion of Helena-West Helena , Arkansas , a city in Phillips County , Arkansas , United States .
Powder mills for making gunpowder - black powder or smokeless powder were usually water-powered .
During the 2000s , Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm (/O2000/O) ; The King of Queens ( 2001 , 2005 ) ; Ally McBeal (/O2001/O) ; Lizzie McGuire (/O2001/O) ; Everybody Loves Raymond (/O2002/O) and Weekends at the D.L. (/O2005/O) .
The trains were introduced for new north-south cross-London services from Bedford to Brighton , and since privatisation these services have been operated by Thameslink and First Capital Connect , the former franchise having been merged with the Great Northern section of the former WAGN franchise to form the latter train operating company on 1 April 2006 as a result of re-franchising .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
The Saale River runs through these lowlands from south to north .
The Far Eastern Republic ( ; romanised : Dalnevostochnaya Respublika , DVR ) , sometimes called the Chita Republic , was a nominally independent state that existed from April 1920 to November 1922 in the easternmost part of the Russian Far East .
They are put down a week later by Belisarius and Mundus ; up to 30,000 people are killed in the Hippodrome .
Brine is also commonly used to age Halloumi and Feta cheeses , or for pickling foodstuffs , as a means of preserving them ( or increasing for taste ) .
With a population of 89,071 ( 1 January 2010 ) , the Kolding municipality is the seventh largest in Denmark .
It was the ancient capital of Cerdanya in antiquity , before being replaced by Hix ( commune of Bourg-Madame , France ) in the Middle Ages .
Germany uses Partnerstadt ( Partner Town\/City ) , France uses Ville Jumelée ( Twinned Town\/City ) .
Orodel is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,242 people .
In his free time , Knight visited the American Museum of Natural History , attracting the attention of Dr. Jacob Wortman , who asked Knight to paint a restoration of a prehistoric pig , Elotherium , whose fossilized bones were on display .
Some of the terminology that is necessary in the study of fluid dynamics is not found in other similar areas of study . In particular , some of the terminology used in fluid dynamics is not used in fluid statics .
All That We Needed is a 2005 album by the Plain White T 's .
These are lists of active and all-time NHL franchise post-season , post-season series win , Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Antigua and Barbuda ( , ; Spanish for '' ancient '' and '' bearded '' ) is a twin-island nation lying between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean .
Korea ( Hanguk or Joseon -- South and North Korea , respectively ( cf .
Ladner Trunk Road is its main street .
Roberts , Genevieve/PERSON. , '' The death of Pope John Paul II : ` He saved my life - with tea , bread ' '' , The Independent , 2005-04-03 , Retrieved on 2007-06-17 .
He was a son of Zebedee and Salome , and brother of John the Apostle .
In 1988 , she was awarded the National Medal of Arts .
Momentum is a conserved quantity ( law of conservation of linear momentum ) , meaning that if a closed system is not affected by external forces , its total momentum can not change . Momentum is sometimes referred to as linear momentum to distinguish it from the related subject of angular momentum .
Leonardo 's most famous painting of the 1490s is The Last Supper , also painted in Milan .
Bishop Ralph of Shrewsbury followed , continuing the eastward extension of the quire , and the retro-quire beyond with its forest of pillars .
The Venga employs Kia 's corporate grille , known as the Tiger Nose , as designed by Kia 's design chief , Peter Schreyer . In December 2009 , the Venga won Germany 's iF Design Award .
When British Rail implemented the TOPS system for managing their operating stock , ships capable of carrying rail vehicles were incorporated into the system as Class 99 . In order to circumvent restrictions of the application software , these ships were entered on TOPS as locomotives , ` hauling ' the trains which they carried on board .
x ) can be set to either Microsoft Excel 's native file format or the international standard OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) ISO\/IEC 26300:2006 .
AFC -- Asian Football Confederation in Asia and Australia
The Indian Peafowl , Pavo cristatus , also known as the Common Peafowl or the Blue Peafowl , is one of the species of bird in the genus Pavo of the Phasianidae family known as peafowl .
Cours-de-Monségur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
At the age of 18 , Gulrukh fled her arranged marriage and sought God instead .
Over his career , he trained 31 Olympic athletes , 51 All-Americans , 12 American record-holders , 24 NCAA champions and 16 sub-4 minute milers .
Mouthpieces vary to instrument to suit the tone of the instrument .
As in England , town criers were the means of communication with the people of the town since many people could not read or write .
Thylacinus potens ( '' powerful thylacine '' ) was the largest species of the family Thylacinidae , known from a single poorly preserved fossil discovered by Michael O. Woodburne in 1967 in a Late Miocene locality near Alice Springs , Northern Territory .
the original seventh day of the Judeo-Christian week , as the Sabbath , and by its emphasis on the imminent second coming of Jesus Christ .
Another obvious ( but not unique ) characteristic is the soft nature of the hair ( long , branched setae ) , called pile , that covers their entire body , making them appear and feel fuzzy .
The Vampire Squid reaches a maximum total length of around 30 cm ( 1 ft ) .
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on November 15 , 2004 ( soon after 's discovery ) failed to recover the object , while it has been seen again later .
Many showed signs of serious injury and violent death .
Though the series was renewed for a second season , Lynch would not be returning due to her work on Glee .
These indicators separate rocks into igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
Christgau 's letter grade ratings are output as plain text , like ( B + ) .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Chester once had a crier , a day bellman and a night bellman but in 1734 , John Posnitt took over as ` Day and Night Bellman ' .
A Zippo lighter is a refillable , metal lighter manufactured by Zippo Manufacturing Company of Bradford , Pennsylvania .
This brown coloration sometimes changes seasonally , and ( at least in the case of humans ) sometimes remains the same year-round .
Francisco Guerrero , the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro , is Agustin 's grandson .
Originally inspired by 17th , 18th and 19th century Romantic movements , modern Druidism was based upon theories about the Iron Age Celtic druids which are no longer considered to be historically accurate .
Dog River 's police force , consisting entirely of veteran Davis Quinton ( Lorne Cardinal ) and rookie Karen Pelly ( Tara Spencer-Nairn ) , keep the peace in the small town , which proves a very simple task , and the officers have an overabundance of free time .
For example , Qg5 means '' queen moves to the g-file and 5th rank ( that is , to the square g5 ) .
Walter Simons ( 1861-1937 ) was a German lawyer and politician .
He has performed solo and led numerous groups including the Dots , the Coloured Girls and the Messengers .
The City of Nashville and Davidson County merged in 1963 as a way for Nashville to combat the problems of urban sprawl .
General epistles ( also called Catholic Epistles ) are books in the New Testament in the form of letters .
It was painted after the fall of the Northern Song Dynasty in 1127 .
Toscanini was posthumously awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987 .
The bacteria used to make yoghurt are known as '' yoghurt cultures '' .
They are regarded as being distinct from other Aboriginal peoples of the rest of Australia , and are generally referred to separately .
Alan Carr ( born 14 June 1976 ) is an English stand-up comedian and media personality , known for his deliberately camp demeanour and self-deprecating humour .
A multitrack recording master tape , disk or computer files on which productions are developed ( or captured , in a live session ) for later mixing , is known as the multi-track master , while the tape , disk or computer files holding a mix ( mono , stereo or Surround ) is called a mixed master .
A tonne ( t ) or metric ton ( U.S. ) , also referred to as a metric tonne , is a measurement of mass equal to , or approximately the mass of one cubic metre of water .
Robinson proceeded to lead the International League that season with a .349 batting average and .985 fielding percentage , and he was named the league 's Most Valuable Player .
This necessitated some pick-up shots being filmed in Madrid .
See also Ephesia Grammata Temple of Diana Footnotes References Anton Bammer , '' A Peripteros '' of the Geometric Period in the Artemision of Ephesus '' Anatolian Studies 40 ( 1990 ) , pp .
He also was an owner of race tracks and of the Montreal Alouettes football team in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League .
The image became associated with Dutch merchants , and a statue of this figure adorns the front of the World Trade Center in Amsterdam .
February 4 & ndash ; John Rogers becomes the first Protestant martyr in England under Mary I.
The party returned on 18 December and wisely keeping more to the west had an easier journey .
After 1971 safety concerns led to the Grand Prix moving permanently to Mosport .
In most implementations , the recipient of an email can see any email address specified by the Sender in the To : or Cc : fields .
Under this demarcation of atheism , most agnostics qualify as negative atheists .
Wheel gymnastics ( German : ) is a form of gymnastics which originated in Germany .
The Thousand Islands Bridge is an international bridge over the Saint Lawrence River connecting northern New York in the United States with southeastern Ontario in Canada .
Several models indicated the possibility of the storm to drift westward into central Florida .
Also , one can distinguish between traditional and non-traditional styles of wrestling , and wrestling techniques found in military hand-to-hand combat and self-defence systems .
These clauses are joined together using conjunctions , punctuation , or both .
After Everest Tenzing later became director of field training for the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute in Darjeeling .
Mercer and Mancini wrote the song for Audrey Hepburn to fit her vocal range .
Charles Robert Darwin FRS ( 12 February 1809 -- 19 April 1882 ) was an English naturalist who established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors , and proposed the scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection .
That night , Springfield is hit with a massive blizzard and the school is closed , giving Bart one more day to study .
Some prizes are also associated with extravagant awarding ceremonies , such as the Academy Awards .
Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an English professional football club based at Prenton Park in Birkenhead . The club currently competes in League One , the third tier of the English football league system .
The states and kingdoms represented by official delegates were Baden , Bavaria , France , Britain , Hanover , Hesse , Italy , the Netherlands , Austria , Prussia , Russia , Saxony , Sweden , and Spain .
With the help of the newly converted local tribes of Livs and Letts , the Crusaders initiate raids into part of what is present-day Estonia ; the resulting ancient fight for independence lasts until 1227 .
Ludon-M édoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Cork Oaks live about 150 to 250 years .
Sook Jai and Chuay Gahn each received $ 1000 in American currency .
Purcell is said to have been composing at nine years old , but the earliest work that can be certainly identified as his is an ode for the King 's birthday , written in 1670 .
Marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in the Smiths , where he formed a prolific songwriting partnership with Morrissey .
There were hula celebrating his lineage , his name , and even his genitals ( hula mai ) . Sacred hula , celebrating Hawaiian gods , were also danced .
The surrounding mountains include many mountain passes , as well as working and abandoned gold mines .
Quechuas is the collective term for several ethnic groups in South America who speak a Quechua language ( Southern Quechua mainly ) , belonging to several ethnic groups in South America , especially in Peru , Ecuador , Bolivia , Chile and Argentina .
Then , at each point in the room , the gradient of at that point will show the direction in which the temperature rises most quickly .
There are great variations in life expectancy between different parts of the world , mostly caused by differences in public health , medical care and diet .
The film was followed by three sequels ; Die Hard 2 in 1990 , Die Hard With A Vengeance in 1995 , and Live Free or Die Hard in 2007 .
Mo ovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Tur ianske Teplice District in the ilina Region of northern Slovakia .
Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , (/O2004/O) Including the correct post town in the address increases the chances of a letter or parcel being delivered on time .
Derived from the definition of Fahrenheit , each of the four members represents a season or temperature that corresponds with their different personalities .
Riboflavin is yellow or yellow-orange in color and in addition to being used as a food coloring , it is also used to fortify some foods .
Daniel Webster ( January 18 , 1782 -- October 24 , 1852 ) was a leading American statesman during the nation 's Antebellum Period .
Colembert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Below Trenton the river flows between Philadelphia and New Jersey before becoming a broad , sluggish inlet of the sea , with many marshes along its side , widening steadily into its great estuary , Delaware Bay .
The 2009 KCAs featured a new award called '' The Big Green Help Award '' ( the award is colored in green to further the theme ) which goes to the celebrity who goes above and beyond to help the environment .
Nessus is estimated to have a relatively long orbital half-life of about 4.9 Myr .
It is the second most popular means of transport to the airport after buses .
Tasman Peninsula lies south and west of Forestier Peninsula , to which it is connected by an isthmus called Eaglehawk Neck .
Mario games , as a whole , have sold more than 201 million units , making the Mario series the best-selling video game series of all time .
Apple 's development began in the late 1980s , later presented to the IEEE , and was completed in 1995 .
The Houbara Bustard , Chlamydotis undulata , is a large bird in the bustard family .
Terry narrowly defeated Aras , with Sally placing third .
Shortly after reaching hurricane strength , the hurricane began undergoing explosive deepening , subsequent to the development of a '' pinhole '' eye in diameter .
On April 24 , 2002 , to honor her contribution to road safety , California officially designated the stretch of Interstate 10 near Indio east of the Indio Boulevard\/Jefferson Street exit as '' The Doctor June McCarroll Memorial Freeway . ''
Image : Redon spirit-forest .
He was hanged on 11 November 1880 at the Melbourne Gaol for the murder of Constable Lonigan .
The Burmese government formally declared five regions -- Yangon , Ayeyarwady , Bago Divisions and Mon and Kayin States -- as disaster areas .
Wilder had experienced Monroe 's tardiness , stage fright , and inability to remember lines during production of The Seven Year Itch .
Roosendaal founded NaN in June 1998 to further develop and distribute the program .
He studied at the University of Edinburgh before becoming a Member of Parliament for Edinburgh Central in 1974 .
Gutenberg was born in the German city of Mainz , the youngest son of the upper-class merchant Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden , and his second wife Else Wyrich , who was the daughter of a shopkeeper .
Men 's hanbok saw little change compared to women 's hanbok .
See also 2008 Atlantic hurricane season Timeline of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season List of Florida hurricanes ( 2000 -- present ) List of North Carolina hurricanes ( 1980 -- present ) References External links Tropical Storm Cristobal ( 2008 ) HPC rainfall page .
The identification of strata by the fossils they contained , pioneered by William Smith , Georges Cuvier , Jean d'Omalius d'Halloy , and Alexandre Brogniart in the early 19th century , enabled geologists to divide Earth history more precisely .
Significantly , this power source would later be applied to prime movers , mobile devices such as steam tractors and railway locomotives .
From 1784 to 1789 , the confederation 's finances were overseen by a three-member Treasury Board .
Lapouyade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Yomi , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits ; according to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to dwell and apparently rot indefinitely .
Mainz ( ) ( ) is a city in Germany and the capital of the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Latvia and Poland attended the Summer Olympic Games for the first time ( having both appeared earlier at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix ) .
Parallel computers can be roughly classified according to the level at which the hardware supports parallelism- with multi-core and multi-processor computers having multiple processing elements within a single machine , while clusters , MPPs , and grids use multiple computers to work on the same task .
In 1994 the medieval old town was set on the UNESCO world heritage list .
In July 1954 , again conducted by Karajan , Brain performed the organ part in a recording of the Easter hymn from Pietro Mascagni 's Cavalleria rusticana .
Moisture from its remains then caused substantial rainfall in British Columbia .
Ophthalmosaurus chief claim to fame is its eyes which , at 4 inches in diameter , were extremely large in proportion to its body .
Vibrio is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria possessing a curved rod shape , several species of which can cause foodborne infection , usually associated with eating undercooked seafood .
Nanchang , the region 's capital and the most densely populated city , is one of China 's largest metropolis .
Edith killed ten in Martinique , injured 50 across the Caribbean , and caused $ 47 million ( 1963 USD , $ USD ) in damage .
The D'Anjou pear , sometimes referred to as the Beurré d'Anjou or simply Anjou , is a short-necked cultivar of European Pear .
Sombrin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Vogel found that the spectra of certain stars shifted slightly over time , moving toward the red and then later toward the blue .
The district also has a partnership with the Lithuanian districts Ukmerge and Raseiniai .
Kevin Michael Rudd ( born 21 September 1957 ) is the 26th and current Prime Minister of Australia and federal leader of the centre-left Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) .
Doctors worried that , due to her cerebral palsy , Lucy would never be able to speak or use sign language to communicate with her deaf sister , but after production of the first volume , Lucy began to sign , and later , to speak .
American English is different from British English in terms of spelling ( a classic example being the dropped '' u '' in words such as color/colour ) , grammar , vocabulary , pronunciation and slang usage .
Southeast Asia
Adamson University is a private Catholic university in Manila , Philippines , founded on June 30 , 1932 by Greek immigrant George Lucas Adamson as the Adamson School of Industrial Chemistry .
For example , at Henry VIII 's death in 1547 , an inventory of his possessions included 76 recorders .
The term double star may be used synonymously with binary star , but more generally , a double star may be either a binary star or an optical double star which consists of two stars with no physical connection but which appear close together in the sky as seen from the Earth .
Mingoval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
If the binary operation is written additively , as it often is for abelian groups , then '' exponentiation is repeated multiplication '' can be reinterpreted as '' multiplication is repeated addition '' .
When at rest , the ant-mimicking crab spider Amyciaea does not closely resemble Oecophylla , but while hunting it imitates the behavior of a dying ant to attract worker ants .
Monmouth is a city in Jackson County , Iowa , United States .
This system allows any party to a contentious case to nominate a judge of their choice ( usually of their nationality ) , if a judge of their nationality is not already on the bench .
For each quota of votes a party receives , one of their candidates wins a seat on the legislature .
Tradition associates Chongqing with the semi-legendary State of Ba that the Ba people supposedly established during the eleventh century BCE . By 316 BCE , however , it had been overrun by the State of Qin .
The township of '' Coura Rocks '' , named from a local aboriginal term meaning '' eagle on the rocks '' , had its beginnings in 1840 .
She was the sister of the Swedish actor Lars Hjortsberg .
Safran Foer 's protagonist ( who goes by the author 's name and also by the name '' The Hero '' , or '' The Collector '' in the film version ) comes to Ukraine to look for a woman named Augustine , who saved his grandfather in the war .
Berengaria ( , ; c. 1165-1170 -- 23 December 1230 ) , was the eldest daughter of Sancho VI of Navarre and Sancha of Castile , Queen of Navarre .
The land may be contaminated by low concentrations of hazardous waste or pollution , and has the potential to be reused once it is cleaned up .
In 1965 , Steinberg was replaced by Donald '' Duck '' Dunn , who has played with the group ever since .
In addition to his tenure in Chicago , Solti was music director of the Orchestre de Paris from 1972 until 1975 .
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations ( generally referred to by the short title The Wealth of Nations ) is the magnum opus of the Scottish economist Adam Smith .
Hope Shanowski ( Ford ) was a homemaker with a husband ( played by Ted McGinley ) and three children .
Binomial names are written in Latin , or other languages transliterated into Latin .
Sylvia was discovered by N. R. Pogson on May 16 , 1866 from Madras ( Chennai ) , India .
All Drakens are interceptors with limited air-to-ground capability , with the sole exception of the Danish Drakens , which are strike aircraft capable of carrying AGM-12 Bullpup missiles , advanced '' jammers '' , and increased internal and external fuel stores .
The author may have been a Hellenistic Jew who lived in Alexandria , Charles 1911 , 325 ; Westcott 1893 , 361 ; Gifford 1888 , 290 .
In June 2007 , representatives of the three countries announced they would bid , as a single political entity , for the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
Coullemont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As its main producer , singer , songwriter , and instrumentalist , Reznor is the only official member of Nine Inch Nails and remains solely responsible for its direction .
It is the central theme in three in particular : Three Men in a Boat by Jerome K. Jerome , first published in 1889 , is a humorous account of a boating holiday on the Thames between Kingston and Oxford .
The current lineup of Core processors includes the latest Intel Core i7 , Intel Core i5 and Intel Core i3 , and the older Intel Core 2 Solo , Intel Core 2 Duo , Intel Core 2 Quad and Intel Core 2 Extreme lines .
where I is the current through the conductor in units of amperes , V is the potential difference measured across the conductor in units of volts , and R is the resistance of the conductor in units of ohms .
At the scroll end , the strings wind around the tuning pegs in the pegbox .
The University of Bochum was one of the first universities in Germany to introduce international Bachelor and Master degrees , which replaced the traditional German Diplom and Magister .
The field is often considered to have begun in 1896 with the opening of the first psychological clinic at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer .
Where there is doubt about the meaning of '' volume of fluid displaced '' , this should be interpreted as the overflow from a full container when the object is floated in it , or as the volume of the object below the average level of the fluid .
A city since 1887 , it superseded the Island of Mozambique as the capital of Mozambique in 1898 .
From the surface of Sylvia , Romulus and Remus would appear roughly the same size .
Released in 2002 , it is the first game in the Ratchet & Clank series .
The River Alt is in Merseyside , England .
In 2001 he released his first solo album In My Memory which gave him several major hits that launched his career .
It lies on elevated ground on the River Mersey at the confluence of the rivers Goyt and Tame , southeast of the city of Manchester .
His parents met while attending Brown University and were the first children in their respective families to attend college .
Olympia is located at ( 47.042418 , -122.893077 ) .
Homophobia is the fear of homosexuals or treating them unfairly .
Local attorney David Wills was the man primarily responsible for acquiring the land , overseeing the construction of the cemetery , and planning its dedication ceremony , although the initial concept and early organizational efforts were led by rival lawyer David McConaughy .
Baird used this comic he writes as part of his classroom exercises while he was teaching for Hess Educational Organization , an English education provider in the Republic of China and Singapore .
However , the dimensions of the Velociraptor in the film are much larger than the largest members of that genus .
The earliest fossil known comes from the Jurassic period ; its primitive genus , Eocaecilia , had small limbs and well-developed eyes .
Cork cambium is a tissue found in many vascular plants as part of the periderm .
Waterways can include rivers , lakes , seas , oceans , and canals .
Slowly , one group at a time , she brought relatives with her out of the state , and eventually guided dozens of other slaves to freedom .
Legislative power is vested in the two chambers of the National Congress .
The entire experiment was filmed , with excerpts made publicly available .
The GNU operating system uses GNU GRUB as its boot loader , as do most Linux distributions .
A curse tablet or binding spell ( defixio in Latin , katadesmos in Greek ) is a type of curse found throughout the Graeco-Roman world , in which someone would ask the gods to do harm to others .
It is inhabited primarily by Poles , Germans and Kashubians .
In 1991 , he met Terri Raines at the park , while performing a demonstration .
While it is commonly stated that the last movement of Beethoven 's Fifth is the first time the trombone and the piccolo were used in a concert symphony , it is not true . The Swedish composer Joachim Nicolas Eggert specified trombones for his Symphony in E-flat major written in 1807 , and examples of earlier symphonies with a part for piccolo abound , including Michael Haydn 's Symphony No. 19 in C major , composed in August 1773 .
Seattle Seahawks # 71 retired
Casiano Wilberto Delvalle Ruiz ( born August 13 , 1970 ) is a former football ( soccer ) player from Paraguay who played as a striker .
The Canadian Football League or CFL ( LCF in French ) is a professional sports league located in Canada .
from :06 \/O/ 09\/1980 till :20 \/O/ 09\/1980 color : C3 text : '' Frances ''
In Chapter 33 ( '' The Prince 's Tale '' ) Snape 's memories reveal that he loved Harry 's mother , Lily Evans , but their friendship ended over his association with future Death Eaters and his '' blood purity '' beliefs .
Maissemy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Flexible , plastic trim is available for this purpose , however wooden mouldings are still used and are either cut from a single piece of rounded wood , or bent with laminations Scotia is concave moulding that is underneath the nosing between the riser and the tread above it .
Now , St. Anne 's is the only French-Immersion Catholic school in the county .
For example , people with Down syndrome have a significantly increased risk of developing forms of acute leukemia , and Fanconi anemia is a risk factor for developing acute myeloid leukemia .
It is filmed at the BBC Television Centre .
When the remnants of Delta arrived in Morocco they were described as a '' normal atmospheric disturbance '' .
However , frontman Dexter Holland mentioned in the Complete Music Video Collection that this song has not been very popular in Japan .
The Principality of Sealand is a micronation located on HM Fort Roughs , a former World War II Maunsell Sea Fort in the North Sea 10 km ( six miles ) off the coast of Suffolk , England ( 51 53 ' 40 '' N , 1 28 ' 57 '' E ) .
Racquinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Port of Sunderland was significantly expanded in the 1850s with the construction of Hudson Dock to designs by River Wear Commissioner 's Engineer John Murray , with consultancy by Robert Stephenson .
Carloman met his death while hunting on December 12 , 884 and was succeeded in the rule by his cousin , the Emperor Charles the Fat .
You may also be looking for .
Tangled Up is the fourth studio album ( fifth overall ) by the British all-female pop group Girls Aloud .
Secretary-General of the United Nations Appointment On 13 December 1996 , Annan was recommended by the United Nations Security Council to replace the previous Secretary-General , Dr. Boutros Boutros-Ghali of Egypt , whose second term faced the veto of the United States .
On April 20 , Ana became the second subtropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin in the month of April , after a subtropical storm in 1992 .
The rivers , although numerous , are all seasonal except for the biggest - the Pescara and the Sangro .
In chemistry , the term inert is used to describe something that is not chemically reactive .
On 1 January 2006 the municipality had 8,450 inhabitants .
It is located on the southeastern Dildo Arm of Trinity Bay about 60 kilometres west of St. John 's .
La Hoguette is also the type site of the early Neolithic La Hoguette culture that is found mainly in association with Linearbandkeramic or Limburg pottery in Northern France , The Netherlands , Alsace and Western Germany .
Shortly after that , she landed a starring role on Aaron Spelling 's short-lived soap opera Malibu Shores .
However , the title-winning team was quickly split up and , in 1999 , the club were relegated .
The two lacked the strong bond Lincoln had with his sons Willie and Tad , but Robert deeply admired his father and wept openly at his deathbed .
According to post-Nicene historians , Socrates Scholasticus and others , the Empress Helena ( c. AD 250 - c. AD 330 ) , mother of Constantine , the first Christian Emperor of Rome , traveled to the Holy Land , dated by modern historians in 326-28 , founding churches and establishing relief agencies for the poor .
It contains 14 tracks , but the 14th track is the song '' Heaven Help Us '' ( which was released with the single version of '' Welcome to the Black Parade '' ) , instead of the song '' Blood '' .
Though it has been synthesized in the lab , the bark of the cinchona tree is the only known natural source of quinine .
Tarcisio Burgnich ( born 25 April 1939 in Ruda , Italy ) is a former Italian football defender .
the city , the church ) .
Connectors can not be plugged in upside down , and it is clear from the appearance and kinesthetic sensation of making a connection when the plug and socket are correctly mated .
Stallone had his first starring role in the soft core pornography feature film The Party at Kitty and Stud 's ( 1970 ) .
Determined to prove that the success of '' Slippery When Wet '' was not a fluke , Bon Jovi released their fourth effort New Jersey in September 1988 .
Although chemically it is an amino acid , GABA is rarely referred to as such in the scientific or medical communities , because the term '' amino acid , '' used without a qualifier , conventionally refers to the alpha amino acids , which GABA is not , nor is it a protein .
He started composing again and became professor of harmony and later Warden at the Royal Academy of Music .
Kozo Arai is a retired Japanese footballer .
After the departure of Radke , former Blessthefall vocalist Craig Mabbitt joined the band , first as a temporary replacement , and then as a permanent member .
Equilateral arch Many Gothic openings are based upon the equilateral form .
Union Councils of Bangladesh
According to the Malleus Maleficarum , exorcism is one of the five ways to overcome the attacks of incubi , the others being Sacramental Confession , the Sign of the Cross ( or recital of the Angelic Salutation ) , moving the afflicted to another location , and by excommunication of the attacking entity , '' which is perhaps the same as exorcism . ''
Each write cycle requires both a pass for the laser to erase the surface , and another pass for the magnet to write the information , and as a result it takes twice as long to write data as it does to read it .
An unusual feature of sticklebacks is that they have no scales , although some species have bony armor plates .
Square ( character ) ( ) , a written character
The subject matter and story lines are typically consistent with the age and experience of the main character , but beyond that YA stories span the entire spectrum of fiction genres .
Headingley railway station ( formerly known as Headingley and Kirkstall railway station until some point early in the 20th Century ) is off Kirkstall Lane in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England on the Harrogate Line north west of Leeds .
