Its county seat is Fort Lauderdale .
Large Croat communities exists in The United States , Chile , Argentina , Germany , Austria , Australia , Canada , Serbia , New Zealand and South Africa .
Provided Voyager 1 does not collide with any stellar objects , the New Horizons space probe will never pass it , despite being launched from Earth at a faster speed than either Voyager spacecraft .
The show began as a series of shorts that premiered on PBS Kids GO !
The parish 's public schools are operated by Jefferson Parish Public Schools . Jefferson Parish Library operates the public libraries .
In 1874 , American Express moved its headquarters to 65 Broadway in what was becoming the Financial District of Manhattan , a location it was to retain through two buildings .
The overwhelming majority of Syrian immigrants to the US from 1880 to 1960 were Christian ; a minority were Jewish , whereas Muslim Syrians arrived in the United States chiefly after 1965 .
The Gazette was not a newspaper in the modern sense : it was sent by post to subscribers , not printed for sale to the general public .
Previously , Salazar supported the nomination of Gale Norton to Secretary of the Interior , President George W. Bush 's first appointee who preceded Salazar as Colorado Attorney General .
The vote was initially tied 2 - 2 between Angie and Bobby Jon , but after a revote , Angie was unanimously eliminated . Bobby Jon and Angie were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
The Hirsch funnel has a similar design ; it is used similarly , but for smaller quantities of material .
Lamnay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1949/1950 season .
He is commonly known as '' the Father of Microbiology '' , and considered to be the first microbiologist .
Not to be confused with the municipality of Sant ` Antonino in the same district .
Chris Daughtry is now the third most successful American Idol contestant in terms of record sales , behind only Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood , who both won their respective seasons .
Bloody Sunday was a day of violence in Dublin on 21 November 1920 , during the Irish War of Independence .
The tram , manufactured by Merseyside based Tram Power , was being tested as part of a bid to replace the current trams .
In the time of the Early Roman Empire , there were usually about 25 - 35 standing legions .
Thomas Aquinas , Italian theologian ( d. 1274 )
A microscopic view could reveal a thick round skin seemingly composed entirely of puckered cracks and fissures ( as viewed through a microscope ) or , further down in scale , a collection of molecules in the rough shape of a sphere .
For example in Portugal on the Algarve there are three main parks - Aqualand , Aquashow and Slide and Splash .
He reached his greatest fame during the outlaw country movement of the 1970s , and remains iconic , especially in American popular culture .
Each train consists of two four-car units coupled together ; trains are equipped for automatic train operation ( ATO ) .
Additional software Baltix has software packages not included in default Ubuntu CD/DVD images : Educational software for kids and adults , including GCompris , TuxPaint , Atomix , etc. .
However , the Neolithic Revolution involved far more than the adoption of a limited set of food-producing techniques .
Zentyal can act as a Gateway , Network Infrastructure Manager , Unified Threat Manager , Office Server , Unified communications Server or a combination of them .
Description The national flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour flag .
'' Khashoggi 's Ship '' was also mostly created by Mercury , with all four of them contributing to the lyrics .
Iggy Pop ( born James Newell '' Jim '' Osterberg , Jr. ; April 21 , 1947 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and occasional actor .
The control of alternative RNA splicing is performed by complex network of signaling molecules that respond to a wide range of intracellular and extracellular signals .
Notable examples of countries requiring HIV tests of long-term residents are the USA , RussiaTravel Report for Russia and Uzbekistan .
The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate and the short reestablishment of imperial rule under Emperor Go-Daigo by Ashikaga Takauji , Nitta Yoshisada , and Kusunoki Masashige .
The American Continental Army was an army formed after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War by the colonies that became the United States of America .
Po may refer to :
Ballée is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Choules is also the only remaining British male World War I veteran ( the last female veteran being Florence Green ) , and the last World War I veteran living in Australia .
Sarmila Bose Anatomy of Violence : Analysis of Civil War in East Pakistan in 1971 : Military Action : Operation Searchlight Economic and Political Weekly Special Articles , October 8 , 2005 Ordered by the government in West Pakistan , this was seen as the sequel to '' Operation Blitz '' which had been launched in November 1970 .
Marlboro also sponsored the Alfa Romeo Formula One team between and , although unable to match up to its pre-war and 1950s heyday , the team only achieving one pole position , one fastest lap and four podium finishes .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 8 .
Hindenburg remained in office until his death at the age of 86 from lung cancer at his home in Neudeck , East Prussia on 2 August 1934 ( exactly two months short of his 87th birthday ) .
In that context the data is the picture taken and the metadata is information about the picture taken like when ( the date and time ) , where ( perhaps using information from GPS ) ) , or how it was taken , For example , the photographic exposure details are metadata .
Genius Squad is a novel written by Catherine Jinks published in 2008 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
Ovid referred to it in Ex Ponto , saying that its name would have originated with that of its founder , a Dacian named Carpyus Aegyssus .
He was kidnapped and held by the notorious Pirate Peter Easton in Harbour Grace .
There are alpine tundra and snow-capped peaks , including Mauna Kea , Mount Kilimanjaro , and the Andes as far south as the northernmost parts of Chile and Argentina .
Seen in this light , it is hard to deny the usefulness of philosophy as a kind of proto-science .
The Polynesian Rat originates in Southeast Asia but , like its cousins , has become well traveled - infiltrating Fiji and most Polynesian islands , including New Zealand , Easter Island and Hawaii .
It made landfall on Galveston Island on September 13 as a strong Category 2 hurricane , but its large size brought storm surge of over from Galveston Island eastward into southern Louisiana .
DND , Ottawa , 1986 .
They currently play in the Scottish Football League Second Division , following promotion in the 2004 05 season .
The 12th century also saw the appearance of the first town halls .
Peterson is a city in Clay County , Iowa , United States .
Dragonball Evolution is a 2009 American live-action film based upon the Japanese Dragon Ball media franchise .
Teppei Nishiyama is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Oita Trinita .
See also India Madras Presidency North India North-East India West India East India Notes References and bibliography Beck , Brenda .
As a result , the Ogakor and Kucha tribes merged with an equal number of tribe members , instead of the possible six to four ( had Ogakor lost the Immunity Challenge and gone to Tribal Council ) .
Mehdi Mahdavikia ( , born 24 July 1977 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football player who plays for Steel Azin in the Iranian Pro League .
The very earliest accounts are contained in these texts , such as early Christian creeds and hymns , as well as accounts of the Passion , the empty tomb , and Resurrection appearances ; often these are dated to within a decade or so of the crucifixion of Jesus , originating within the Jerusalem Church .
Sympathy exists when the feelings or emotions of one person are deeply understood and appreciated by another person .
Queen Urraca of Portugal , wife of King Afonso II of Portugal ( d. 1220 )
Douala is the largest city in Cameroon and the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Province .
The team ran cars in many motorsport series including Formula One , Formula Two , Formula Ford , Formula Junior , IndyCar and sports car racing .
The predominant match on the ECW brand was between Jack Swagger and Matt Hardy for the ECW Championship , which Swagger won by pinfall after performing a gutwrench powerbomb .
The selected electors from each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia voted for President and Vice President of the United States on December 15 , 2008 .
The group consists of Onew , Jonghyun , Key , Minho and Taemin .
Only a handful of first ladies have lived longer -- Anna Harrison , Edith Bolling Wilson , Betty Ford , Lady Bird Johnson , and Bess Truman .
The number of staff positions from C to G for example is 5 , therefore the interval C-G is a fifth ( denoted P5 in the figure above ) .
Year 7 ( VII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
When they heard of the Praetorians ' claim , they demanded that Claudius be delivered to them for approval , but he refused , sensing the danger that would come with complying .
The Lightning Thief is a 2005 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology , the first young adult novel written by Rick Riordan .
It is the seat of the district .
Flow is a five-piece band made up of two vocalists , a drummer , a bassist and a guitarist .
It is very closely related to the field of game theory .
The state 's two fastest growing counties are : Summit ( at 91.6 percent ; ranking it 8th in the country ) and Washington ( at 86.1 percent ; ranking it 12th ) .
Emerson got his big break in 1997 when he starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman 's critically-acclaimed off-Broadway play , Gross Indecency : The Trials of Oscar Wilde , and then followed up with several other notable stage performances .
By 1984 , and no longer with Isom , Wositzky and Slocum in the line-up , the band moved its home from Melbourne to Sydney .
When the Romans settled there , they absorbed the cult of Quirinus into their early belief system -- previous to direct Greek influence -- and by the end of the first century BC Quirinus was considered to be the deified Romulus .
General availability of public transportation encourages walking , as it wo n't , in most cases , take one directly to one 's destination .
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its biological lifecycle .
Starting his career as a commercial artist , Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing the Italian neorealist film Bicycle Thieves during a visit to London .
British summer time , the civil time during the summer months in the UK during which the clocks are advanced one hour
MySQL is a relational database management system ( RDBMS ) that runs as a server providing multi-user access to a number of databases .
Because its orbit comes close to Earth 's in two places , Halley 's Comet is the parent body of two meteor showers : the Eta Aquariids in early May , and the Orionids in late October .
Duisans is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The IBM POWER5 , announced in May 2004 , comes as either a dual core DCM , or quad-core or oct-core MCM , with each core including a two-thread SMT engine .
Bohrium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Bh and atomic number 107 and is the heaviest member of group 7 ( VIIB ) .
Helsinki is Finland 's major political , educational , financial , cultural and research center .
In the reign of Richard II it was unsuccessfully attacked by the French ( 1377 ) .
The band failed to find a suitable singer prior to recording in France , so they conducted auditions and found Fabienne Gondamin for the recording of their debut album At Sixes and Sevens .
Light reflected or emitted from objects form a real image on a light sensitive area ( film or plate ) or a FPA pixel array sensor by means of a pin hole or lens in a device known as a camera during a timed exposure .
Since 1972 , Gaustadt is n't an independent community .
Newman co-founded the camp in 1988 ; it was named after the gang in his film Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) .
These policies produced what has been referred to as the '' miracle of Chile '' , but the government policies dramatically increased economic inequality and some attribute the devastating effect of the 1982 monetary crisis in the Chilean economy precisely to these policies .
Thus , when a gun is fired , the final total momentum of the system ( the gun and the bullet ) is the vector sum of the momenta of these two objects . Assuming that the gun and bullet were at rest prior to firing ( meaning the initial momentum of the system was zero ) , the final total momentum must also equal 0 .
The current Hereford Cathedral , located at Hereford in England , dates from 1079 .
His first students were Paul Pisk , Anton Webern , and Alban Berg ; Webern and Berg would become the most famous of his many pupils .
Yes !
The former main hall has been rebuilt .
, Super OS ranked 40th on the twelve-month page hit ranking of DistroWatch .
Councillors ' salary Federal Councillors draw a yearly remuneration of about CHF 400,000 ( circa EUR 256,000 / USD 370,000 ) .
Evil Genius series
This process is repeated five times .
He abdicated in favor of his brother Victor Emmanuel I.
Kirby 64 was re-released on the Virtual Console for the Wii in 2008 .
or Eurafrasia is the term used to describe the largest landmass on earth .
Family Alzateaceae
Clinical knowledge Summaries as an antidiarrheal in chronic conditions ( e.g. , for diarrhea associated with AIDS , although loperamide ( a non-absorbed opioid acting only on the gut ) is the most commonly used opioid for diarrhea ) .
Wallace returned in 1852 , but lost his collection in a shipwreck .
Shohreh Aghdashloo as Dr. Kavita Rao : Rao is a scientist working at Worthington Labs on the mutant cure , which was created with the DNA of Leech .
In 2001 Aphex Twin released drukqs , a two-CD album that featured computer controlled piano songs influenced by Erik Satie and John Cage .
The majority of the Danish pharmaconomists works at community pharmacies ( chemists ' shops or drugstores ) and at hospital pharmacies and hospitals .
As of 2010 , there is no complete gathering of the writings of Leibniz .
The state of being a homonym is called homonymy .
Retrieved April 9 , 2008 Ham , Mordecai , tent revivalist who preached the sermon where Billy Graham was converted to Christianity '' Mordecai Ham : Outspoken Evangelist '' .
Maria 's first published work was Letters for Literary Ladies in 1795 , followed in 1796 by her first children 's book , The Parent 's Assistant ( which included Edgeworth 's celebrated short story The Purple Jar ) , and in 1800 by her first novel Castle Rackrent , which was an immediate success .
Their songs '' Monster Hospital '' , '' Police and the Private '' and '' Front Row '' have been used on the television show Grey 's Anatomy .
Heimskringla is a collection of tales about the Norwegian kings , beginning with the legendary Swedish dynasty of the Ynglingas , followed by accounts of historical Norwegian rulers from Harald Fairhair of the 9th century up to the death of the pretender Eystein Meyla in 1177 .
Many metal oxides provide the colors in glazes after being fired at high temperatures .
As of 2010 , this is the only DVD release of the series and no plans for a full release have been announced .
Aroostook County is known for its potato crops .
Within England , the territory which the Brigantes inhabited was bordered by that of four other Celtic tribes : the Carvetii ( to whom they may have been related ) in the North-West , the Parisii to the East and , to the South , the Corieltauvi and the Cornovii .
The young are typically born blind , hairless , and helpless .
In subsistence agriculture , the amounts of food waste are unknown but are likely to be insignificant by comparison , due to the limited stages at which waste can occur , and given that food is grown for projected need as opposed to a global marketplace demand .
It is situated between the Firth of Tay and the Firth of Forth , with inland boundaries to Perth and Kinross and Clackmannanshire .
It is spread across approximately in Taylor and Nolan County near Abilene .
The elements are thus distinguished : Yang Wood , Yin Wood , Yang Fire , Yin Fire , etc. .
The field is divided into two major branches : computability theory and complexity theory , but both branches deal with formal models of computation .
Paper nowadays is frequently sold together with a paperweight and desk pad .
Fire is part of the landscape of Kakadu National Park as the Park contains large areas of woodland and grassy plains that are subject to long periods of dry hot weather .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
Per Mertesacker ( ; born 29 September 1984 in Hannover ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Werder Bremen and the Germany national football team .
Thus , one might talk about the spectrum of political opinion , or the spectrum of activity of a drug , or the autism spectrum .
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Sexual reproduction Main article : Evolution of sex Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can reproduce eukaryotic cells , eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
Hubersdorf is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The Minerva was a prominent Belgian luxury automobile manufactured from 1902 until 1938 .
Today , the former County of Holland consists of the two Dutch provinces of North Holland and South Holland .
As a result of exploitation by such bores , the flow of water to springs has been steadily decreasing in recent years .
Following the success of their debut single '' Sound of the Underground '' , which spent four weeks at number one , the group has achieved a string of twenty consecutive top ten singles ( including four number ones ) and two number one albums in the United Kingdom .
It is black and produces a basic yellow solution of thallium ( I ) hydroxide ( TlOH ) when dissolved in water .
Gene Simmons is a 1978 solo album from the bass player and singer of American hard rock band Kiss .
Video Home System , '' IEEE History Center : Development of VHS '' , cites the original name as '' Video Home System '' , from an article by Yuma Shiraishi , one of its inventors .
Braille transcription is skilled work , and Braille transcribers need to pass certification tests .
On the day after taking office , the Lord Mayor 's Show is held ; the Lord Mayor , preceded by a procession , travels to the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand , Westminster to swear allegiance to the Sovereign in the presence of the judges of the High Court .
Ernest Alexandre Ansermet ( 11 November 1883 -- 20 February 1969 ) was a Swiss conductor .
Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The history of the Malay language can be divided into five periods : Old Malay , the Transitional Period , the Malacca Period , Late Modern Malay , and modern Malay .
Richard Kieckhefer (/O1989/O) .
He has headed several divisions within Microsoft including '' Operating Systems Development '' , '' Operations '' , and '' Sales and Support . ''
Rivera was born in Panama City , Panama , on November 29 , 1969 , to Mariano , Sr. , and Delia Rivera .
The press speculated about the identity of the anonymous model and commented that she closely resembled Monroe .
Scholars believe that the book represents the most classical Greek language found in the Septuagint , having been written during the Jewish Hellenistic period ( the 1st or 2nd century BC ) .
Located in the coastal Benadir region on the Indian Ocean , the city has served as an important port for centuries .
While working in Ring of Honor for a year , James also debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) on the company 's second ever weekly pay-per-view under her Alexis Laree gimmick as a participant in a lingerie battle royal .
He founded and led the Estado Novo ( New State ) , the authoritarian , right-wing government that presided over and controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
The nearby mountains Mount Buller and Mount Stirling offer attractions all year round .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
Fanny Dashwood -- the wife of John Dashwood , and sister to Edward and Robert Ferrars .
D ( ; named dee ) is the fourth letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
This clef is used for the upper ranges of the bassoon , cello , euphonium , double bass , and trombone ( which all use the bass clef in their lower and middle ranges , and in their extreme high ranges , the treble clef as well ) .
However , neither of the official Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers for the eastern north Pacific , the National Hurricane Center and the Central Pacific Hurricane Center , include this system in their annual archives , nor is it included in the official '' best track '' file .
Civil disobedience in Ballarat led to Australia 's first and only armed civil uprising , the Eureka Rebellion ( colloquially referred to as the Eureka Stockade ) which took place in Ballarat on 3 December 1854 .
He normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , always nearly fatal , events .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northern Indian Ocean .
Southwestern Christian University & ndash ; Bethany , Oklahoma
It was also the sixth of seven tropical cyclones ( three hurricanes , two of them major , three tropical storms and one tropical depression ) to make landfall in Mexico .
Jacques Rougeau Jr. ( born June 13 , 1960 ) is a semi-retired French-Canadian professional wrestler from Saint-Sulpice , Quebec , best known for his appearances in the 1980s and 1990s with the World Wrestling Federation under his own name , and as The Mountie .
University of Hawaii Press , Honolulu .
The Sahara 's boundaries are the Atlantic Ocean on the west , the Atlas Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea on the north , the Red Sea and Egypt on the east , and the Sudan and the valley of the Niger River on the south .
Caid ( ) is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
Wolverhampton ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough of the West Midlands , England .
Overview It was performed in 54 teams , and Internacional won the championship .
In 1989 they recorded their first EP , 1,000 Hours .
Samuel Liddell was born on January 8 or January 11 , 1854 in Hackney , London , England .
Signal arrival time measurement The position calculated by a GPS receiver requires the current time , the position of the satellite and the measured delay of the received signal .
Speed of sound is the distance traveled per a unit of time by a sound wave propagating through an elastic medium .
The theory observes that African pluvial periods are associated with a '' wet Sahara '' phase , during which larger lakes and more rivers exist .
Electoral Alliances The Socialist Party was one of the founders of the local Socialist Alliance groups , but it left in 2001 .
Alexander ( 2006 Population 2,978 ) is a rural municipality in Manitoba , Canada .
Finally , West Boca Raton Community High School serves the far-west unincorporated areas . Spanish River , Olympic Heights , and West Boca Raton also serve students from Delray Beach and Boynton Beach .
However , the social class that owns the means of production in a communist society is not bourgeoisie .
Its headquarters are in central Paris .
However , when he arrives , Mario discovers that Bowser has invaded the castle and imprisoned the princess and her servants within it using the power of the castle 's 120 Power Stars .
Pocket watches - Nuremberg eggs - were made here in the sixteenth century by Peter Henlein .
It occurred southwest from Pichilemu , O'Higgins Region , Chile .
The legion was commanded by a legatus or legate .
It is named after Despoina , a nymph who was a daughter of Poseidon and Demeter .
After the grinding the state of the solid is changed : the grain size , the grain size disposition and the grain shape .
The signature of the leading edge is also influenced by the density change between the cooler air from the downdraft and the warmer environmental air .
Kekkonen redirects here .
Both gallium and indium are able to wet glass .
This new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form , as non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state , and again numbering 17 provinces , though not all the same as the 16th century ones .
Usually , these childten are shown or desctibed as being in different stages of undress , with some clothes , or completely naked .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine ( DNA and RNA ) , thymine ( DNA ) and uracil ( RNA ) , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
Poole has several urban parks - the largest is Poole Park adjacent to Poole Harbour and the town center .
The externally-oriented side of the cell also has a hair-like trigger called a cnidocil .
Her mother then entered her in a Little Miss America Pageant where Chase won the national vocal competition .
It is placed as the heaviest member of group 10 but a sufficiently stable isotope is not known which would allow chemical experiments to confirm its place .
Under the tutelage of her lifeguard mother , Alba learned to swim before she could walk , and she was a PADI-certified scuba diver , skills which were put to use on the show , which was filmed in Australia .
Band members are Nathan Willett ( lead vocals , piano , guitar ) , Jonnie Russell ( guitar , vocals , percussion ) , Matt Maust ( bass guitar ) , and Matt Aveiro ( drums ) .
On the other hand , the term '' North Slavic '' is also used sometimes to combine the West and East Slavic languages into one group , in opposition to the South Slavic languages , due to traits the West and East Slavic branches share with each other that they do not with the South Slavic languages .
is a Japanese conductor , particularly noted for his interpretations of large-scale late Romantic works .
Carter sent Ife works of art to Europe , including three known as the Ife marbles which were given to Carter in 1896 by the recently-crowned King of Ife , Adelekan , in the hopes that a decision in his favor would be made about the resettlement of Modakeke residents outside the city .
When It 's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up is the second album by the indie rock group Snow Patrol , released on April 24 , 2001 in the UK and March 5 in the USA .
If , as observed in most cases , a substance is more dense in the solid than in the liquid state , the melting point will increase with increases in pressure .
Other major regional centres include Cairns , Townsville , Mackay , Rockhampton , Bundaberg , Hervey Bay , Ingham and Mount Isa .
Stauromedusae are the stalked jellyfishes , of the class Staurozoa within the phylum Cnidaria .
Air currents move water vapor around the globe , cloud particles collide , grow , and fall out of the sky as precipitation .
Kenji Arima is a retired Japanese footballer .
The mall 's concept was designed by Triple Five Group , owned by the Ghermezian brothers of Canada , who also own the biggest shopping mall in North America , the West Edmonton Mall .
However , if the leaves are laid out flat to dry , they will crumble somewhat and become known as tencha ( ) .
There is recreation camp in Benetice .
Despite Coldplay 's worldwide popularity , the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media , refusing its use for product endorsements .
Treptower Tollensewinkel ( , with a silent w ) is an Amt in the district of Demmin , in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
The IPCC reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
Gallurese is spoken in the Sardinian region of Gallura , including the archipelago of La Maddalena .
John of Gaunt ( Ghent ) , 1st Duke of Lancaster ( second creation ) , KG ( 6 March 1340 -- 3 February 1399 ) was a member of the House of Plantagenet , the third surviving son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault .
Appendicitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the appendix .
The word '' project '' thus actually originally meant '' something that comes before anything else happens '' .
Amherst may refer to :
As it moves away from the ridge , the lithosphere becomes cooler and denser , and sediment gradually builds on top of it .
It was formed in 1990 by guitarist , songwriter and medical doctor Salman Ahmad .
The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim were founded in 1993 by The Walt Disney Company .
Dance can embody or express ideas , emotions or tell a story .
Titles and honours In 1968 , Cohen refused a Governor General 's Award ( in category for English language poetry or drama ) for Selected Poems 1956 -- 1968 .
Super Smash Bros. was developed by HAL Laboratory , a Nintendo second-party developer , during .
The airline started operations in June 2008 , and now flies from Paris and Amsterdam , to New York , JFK Airport .
Pope Clement IV dies ; the following papal election fails to choose a new pope for almost 3 years , precipitating the later creation of stringent rules governing the electoral procedures .
Piombino has schools , gymnasia ( middle school ) , lyceums ( high school ) , churches , banks , parks and squares .
At first , scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to Homo ergaster , but size differences led them to name a new species , Homo georgicus , which would be the descendant of Homo habilis and ancestor of Asian Homo erectus .
City of Lake Butler
The bilirubin results from the breakup of the hemoglobin of dead red blood cells ; normally , the liver removes bilirubin from the blood and excretes it through bile .
A digital signal processor ( DSP ) is a specialized microprocessor with an optimized architecture for the fast operational needs of digital signal processing .
The main industry of Alfreton was coal mining but since the mines closed in the 1960s , it is light industry and warehousing .
Dutton Speedwords is an auxiliary language .
Squash is a racquet sport played by two players ( or four players for doubles ) in a four-walled court with a small , hollow rubber ball .
They are found on every continent except Antarctica , in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants .
Located in a region called Planalto Central , or Central Plateau , the Federal District is divided in 20 administrative regions .
Five matches were held on the event 's card .
Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip Life in Hell but instead decided to create a new set of characters .
This involves measuring the angles of crystal faces relative to theoretical reference axes ( crystallographic axes ) , and establishing the symmetry of the crystal in question .
To the south lies Wyoming and to the west and southwest is Idaho .
In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe , one who orders a '' warme chocolade '' or '' chocolat chaud '' would receive a cup of steamed white milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to dissolve in the milk .
Selles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Joseph Beete Jukes ( October 10 , 1811 -- July 29 , 1869 ) , born to John and Sophia Jukes at Summer Hill , Birmingham , England , was a renowned geologist , author of several geological manuals and served as a naturalist on the expeditions of HMS Fly ( under the command of Francis Price Blackwood ) .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
Customer response to the Big Mac was so positive that it rolled out nationally in 1967 .
Trafalgar Square is a square in central London , England .
In 1774 , the British Parliament passed the Quebec Act through which the Quebec people obtained their first Charter of Rights .
In science VentroMedial prefrontal cortex Variola major , smallpox Other VM ( nerve agent ) ( NATO designation ) , a chemical weapon agent Voicemail Voynich manuscript When used in an aircraft squadron callsign it denotes fixed wing aircraft in the United States Marine Corp. .
More loosely , footage can also refer to all sequences used in film and video editing , such as special effects and archive material ( for special cases of this , see stock footage and B roll ) .
It was one of the first animated Disney films to introduce new sound effects for regular use , to replace many of their original classic sounds , which would be used occasionally in later Disney movies .
In popular music , a cover version , or simply cover , is a new rendition ( performance or recording ) of a previously recorded , commercially released song .
On July 6 , 2007 , Dozois had surgery for a planned quintuple bypass operation .
North Ealing , opened June 23 , 1903 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line July 4 , 1932 .
Rolling Stone link
Pokémon Platinum , the enhanced version of Diamond and Pearl , much like Pokémon Yellow , Crystal , and Emerald , was released September 2008 in Japan , March 2009 in North America , and is scheduled to be released in Australia and Europe in May 2009 .
He managed the Japan national football team during 1970 and 1971 .
Toshio Matsuura ( born November 20 , 1955 in Yokohama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
The penetrometer is dropped on the test subject or pressed against it and the depth of the resulting hole is measured .
May 23 & ndash ; The Second Defenestration of Prague & ndash ; Protestant noblemen hold a mock trial and throw two direct representatives of Ferdinand II of Germany ( Imperial Governors ) and their scribe out of a window into a pile of manure , exacerbating a low-key rebellion into the Bohemian Revolt ( 1618 -- 1621 ) precipitating the Thirty Years ' War into armed conflict and further polarizing Europe on religious grounds .
He was educated at Cheltenham College , and Trinity College , Cambridge where he received a B.A. in 1865 .
The android pubic bone is the ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis .
It is located in the state of Massachusetts , in Dukes County , which also includes Cuttyhunk and the other Elizabeth Islands , as well as the island of Nomans Land .
getParamValue ( '' withJS '' ) ; if ( extraJS & & extraJS .
When Greek children , especially girls , came of age it was customary for them to sacrifice the toys of their childhood to the gods .
Usually , a monster truck show involves the truck crushing smaller vehicles beneath its huge tires .
In 1804 he became a teacher at the medical institute , and in 1833 he became extraordinary professor of natural history at the university of Zurich .
Nicolas Sebastien Anelka ( ; born 14 March 1979 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Chelsea in the English Premier League .
As a slave of the former governor , Dudley enjoyed a less difficult childhood than other slaves . The governor greatly influenced Dudley .
Directly after wards something small is eaten .
Glossary .
Karachi Division was an administrative division of the Sindh Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; in fact , sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
Music recording sales certification is a system of certifying that a music recording has shipped or sold a certain number of copies .
Stoa long haos : The store next to the house .
Rome , December 15 , 2007 .
The Water Opossum ( Chironectes minimus ) , also locally known as the Yapok , is a marsupial of the family Didelphidae .
The British settlements were all subsequently abandoned for a variety of reasons , such as lack of water and fresh food , sickness and isolation .
A French dip sandwich , also known as a beef dip , is a hot sandwich consisting of thinly sliced roast beef ( or , sometimes , other meats ) on a '' French roll '' or baguette .
Other organisms , called heterotrophs , take in autotrophs as food to carry out functions necessary for their life .
Draughts is played by two people , on opposite sides of a playing board , alternating moves .
Iquitos has long been a major port in the Amazon Basin .
Although he did not introduce new forms , he enriched the prevailing German style with a robust contrapuntal technique , an unrivalled control of harmonic and motivic organization , and the adaptation of rhythms , forms and textures from abroad , particularly from Italy and France .
Cauvignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Story of Susanna
The wildebeest ( plural wildebeest , wildebeests or wildebai ) , also called the gnu ( or Gnu Answers.com ) , is an antelope of the genus Connochaetes .
Following a few live dates in Europe , Opeth returned to Studio Fredman to begin work on its next album , with Porcupine Tree 's Steven Wilson producing .
The few remaining women still currently practicing the arts of the oiran ( without the sexual aspect ) do so as a preservation of cultural heritage rather than as a profession or lifestyle .
Such masks were not , however , made from casts of the features ; rather , the mummification process itself preserved the features of the deceased .
Johann Andreas Wagner ( 1797 & ndash ; 1861 ) was a German palaeontologist , zoologist and archaeologist .
The living sloths comprise six species of medium-sized mammals that live in Central and South America belonging to the families Megalonychidae and Bradypodidae , part of the order Pilosa .
The province is divided into eight districts ( , singular : distrito ) , each of which is headed by a mayor ( alcalde ) .
Two years later , he bought a house and retired , but post-World War I inflation ruined his wealth .
is the fourteenth letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
October 22 & ndash ; Ludovico Sforza becomes Duke of Milan , and starts a chain of events that leads to the First Italian War .
The Poles , who do not wish to be ruled by Mary 's fiancee , the future Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund , choose Mary 's younger sister , Jadwiga , to become ruler of Poland .
Counter-Reformation ( also Catholic ReformationCounter Reformation , from The Columbia Encyclopedia , Sixth Edition .
The Venga shares the Hyundai i20 and Kia Soul subcompact platform .
Rubella , commonly known as German measles , is a disease caused by the rubella virus .
Wookieepedia , the Star Wars Wiki is an online encyclopedia for information on the Star Wars fictional universe -- including information on all seven films , as well as the Expanded Universe .
BBC HD is a high-definition television network provided by the BBC .
After the success of Pygmalion , which was shortened in its transition from stage to screen , he increasingly refused to let his plays be cut .
The latter is a civil servant appointed by the state .
It is a Mars-crosser asteroid and was the first that was known to come within the orbit of Mars .
April 9 & ndash ; Battle of Liegnitz : The Mongols under the command of Baidar , Kadan and Orda Khan , defeat the feudal Polish nobility , including the Knights Templar .
Over the years , a central goal was to execute more instructions in parallel , thus increasing the effective execution speed of a program .
The second longest in the Karakoram Mountains is the Biafo Glacier at .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
It occurs naturally in the peyote cactus ( Lophophora williamsii ) , the San Pedro cactus ( Echinopsis pachanoi ) and the Peruvian Torch cactus ( Echinopsis peruviana ) , and in a number of other members of the Cactaceae plant family .
Morse code uses dots and lines to represent the alphabet letters , numbers , punctuation and special characters of a given message .
Nemerteans are named after Nemertes , one of the Nereids of Greek mythology , and alternative spellings for the phylum have included Nemertini and Nemertinea .
Banknotes were seen as essentially an I.O.U. or promissory note : a promise to pay someone in precious metal on presentation ( see representative money ) .
Emperor Zhongzong of Tang China ( assassinated ; born 656 )
Le Girouard is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The name means '' little tongues '' in Italian , where it is a plural of the feminine noun linguina , but it is normally treated as a singular mass term in English .
Goth is a sly and smooth-talking cannibal bat , half responsible for the murder of several pigeons .
This means that the solution has to contain more solute entities ( molecules or ions ) dissolved than it would contain under the equilibrium ( saturated solution ) .
The fingering and playing technique used for the cor anglais are essentially the same as those of the oboe .
Naziism ( Because they wore brown shirts )
William Hodgson '' Hod '' Stuart ( February 20 , 1879 - June 23 , 1907 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey cover-point ( now known as a defenceman ) who played nine seasons for several teams in different leagues .
Tilke has secured contracts to design many high-profile new world circuits from scratch .
These include many easily recognizable phenomena , such as lightning and static electricity , but in addition , less familiar concepts , such as the electromagnetic field and electromagnetic induction .
Leon Redbone ( born Dickran Gobalian , August 26 , 1949 ) is a Canadian singer and guitarist specializing in interpretations of early 20th-century music , including jazz and blues standards and Tin Pan Alley classics .
The four smaller inner planets , Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars , also called the terrestrial planets , are primarily composed of rock and metal .
Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona ( ; born 24 May 1966 ) is a French actor and former footballer .
Aline is a town in Alfalfa County , Oklahoma , United States .
Austria-Hungary , also known as the Dual Monarchy or the k.u.k. Monarchy , was a monarchic union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe .
It is the sequel to the original Dancing with the Stars game .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
It has been hinted in some stories that LNHQ is itself sentient .
After the season Angusht went bankrupt , were renamed FC Nazran ( and shortly after that FC Ongusht Nazran ) and joined the Amateur Football League .
Louis P. Lochner ( born Ludwig Paul Lochner on February 22 , 1887 in Springfield , Illinois , died in January 1975 in Wiesbaden ) was a Pulitzer Prize winning American journalist at the Associated Press .
Cerise Pink ( Hex : # EC3B83 ) ( RGB : 236 , 59 , 131 )
These are most commonly due to Graves ' disease , but can be caused by inflammation or a multinodular .
Wokingham was a borough before the 1974 reorganisation of local government , when it merged with Wokingham Rural District to form the new Wokingham District .
Early Palauans may have come from Polynesia and Asia .
Bob Bryan \/O/ Mike Bryan def . Rohan Bopanna \/O/ Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi , 7 - 6 ( 5 ) , 7 - 6 ( 4 ) .
The female flowers ( often called '' cones '' ) of H. lupulus are known as hops , and are used as a culinary flavoring and stabilizer , especially in the brewing of beer .
' , a novel by Michael P. Kube-McDowell
The German-speaking Community It is the main part of the so-called East Cantons ( German Ost-Kantone ) of Belgium .
When unglazed , the material will not be waterproof , but it is suitable for in-ground use to carry pressurized water ( an archaic use ) , for garden ware or building decoration in tropical environments , and for oil containers , oil lamps , or ovens .
For some statistical purposes Arran is within the registration county of Ayrshire and for ceremonial purposes within the lieutenancy area of Ayrshire and Arran . In the House of Commons , since 2005 Arran has been part of the Ayrshire North and Arran constituency , currently represented by Katy Clark of the Labor Party .
The central characters are the Reverend Eric Camden ( Stephen Collins ) , his wife Annie ( Catherine Hicks ) , and their seven children : Matt ( Barry Watson ) , Mary ( Jessica Biel ) , Lucy ( Beverley Mitchell ) , Simon ( David Gallagher ) , Ruthie ( Mackenzie Rosman ) and the twins , David ( Lorenzo Brino ) and Sam ( Nikolas Brino ) .
The symbol of the University is the Phra Kiao , a royal insignia .
Such vehicles are called fly-cars .
Stromboli however refuses to permit Pinocchio to return home and locks him up in a bird cage , knowing that if he lets him go , he will most likely never see him again .
Victoria is an informal area of inner city London , lying wholly within the City of Westminster , and named after Victoria of the United Kingdom .
A fifth locomotive , Lew was purchased in 1925 , with improvements to the original Manning Wardle design .
Wikipedia should not offer first-hand news reports on breaking stories .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
The single achieved success in the charts .
Once Io was given to Hera , she placed her in the charge of Argus to keep her separated from Zeus .
It is the site of Narita International Airport , the main international airport serving the Greater Tokyo Area .
An athletic director ( commonly '' athletics director '' or '' AD '' ) is an administrator at many American colleges and universities , as well as in larger high schools and middle schools , who oversees the work of coaches and related staff involved in intercollegiate or interscholastic athletic programs . At some colleges , the athletic director may hold academic rank but this practice is on the wane .
However , for heavier elements , which have more neutrons than lighter elements , the ratio of the nuclear mass to the collective electronic mass is far greater , and the relative mass difference between isotopes is much less .
Fleming also wrote the children 's story Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and two works of non-fiction .
It is the first book in the Percy Jackson & The Olympians series , and chronicles the adventures of twelve-year-old Percy Jackson , who discovers he is a demigod , the son of a mortal woman and the Greek god Poseidon .
Ujjain city has two legislative assembly zones , known as Ujjain North and Ujjain South .
It is one of the ancient temples included in the Hindu pilgrimages and the site of a famous Shiva temple with magnificent gopurams and is fairly close to the famous hill temple of Lord Venkateshwara at Tirupati , one of the richest and famous temple cities in the world .
According to the theorem , it is possible to expand the power ( x + y ) n into a sum involving terms of the form ax ` b ` y ` c , where the coefficient of each term is a positive integer , and the sum of the exponents of x and y in each term is n. For example ,
James has two tattoos : an Asian symbol meaning ` love ' on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it .
Berwickshire was formerly one of the ancient counties of Scotland , but was abolished in 1975 during local government reorganisation .
After many attempts to start fires that continue to wear out , Danielle won the fire starting tie-breaker , and Cirie was eliminated from the game .
New Line Cinema , often simply known as New Line , is one of the major American film studios .
They are the only club from outside Tripoli or Benghazi to win the Libyan Premier League title .
On the afternoon of September 18 , 1870 , members of the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition traveled down the Firehole River from the Kepler Cascades and entered the Upper Geyser Basin .
Exokernels communicate efficiently by normal subroutine calls .
The Nilotic ethnic groups , probably an offshoot of the Acholi , appear to have crossed Lake Victoria to reach their present home , the country around Kavirondo Gulf .
A turbocharger is a small centrifugal pump driven by the energy of the exhaust gases of an engine .
He was promoted to captain in 1781 , and was given command of the Europe , but in 1784 he was back on half pay .
Lee wrote a two-volume set of memoirs : The Singapore Story ( ISBN 0-13-020803-5 ) , which covers his view of Singapore 's history until its separation from Malaysia in 1965 , and From Third World to First : The Singapore Story ( ISBN 0060197765 ) , which gives his account of Singapore 's subsequent transformation into a developed nation .
His second album , Nowhere ( pronounced as Now-here ) was released in September 2005 and his third album Documentary was released in June 2006 .
Genus Pan
In response to the controversy surrounding The Bell Curve , the American Psychological Association 's Board of Scientific Affairs established a task force in 1995 to write a report on the state of intelligence research which could be used by all sides as a basis for discussion , '' Intelligence : Knowns and Unknowns '' .
Zeno was the founder of the Stoic school of philosophy , which he taught in Athens from about 300 BC .
For the recurring character in the series , see Martin the Warrior ( Character ) .
Wagner labeled these roles as Hoher Bass ( '' high bass '' ) -- see fach for more details .
There are two forms of beta decay , and + , which respectively give rise to the electron and the positron .
When the capital moved to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the Court moved with it and began meeting in Independence Hall , and later in City Hall .
He is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment as simply Daivari and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Sheik Abdul Bashir .
Sir Henry Joseph Wood , CH ( 3 March 186919 August 1944 ) was an English conductor , forever associated with The Proms which he conducted for half a century .
Frankfurt am Main is located about east .
T911 Alicron
These server logs cover requests to all the Wikimedia Foundation projects , including Wikipedia , Wikimedia Commons , Wiktionary , Wikibooks , Wikiquote , Wikisource , Wikinews , Wikiversity and others .
The cyclone 's lowest barometric pressure occurs in the eye , and can be as much as 15 % lower than the atmospheric pressure outside the storm .
Miller practiced in that city for a short time , and also held the office of county school examiner .
Zira was one of the two tehsils of Punjab , ( the other one being Firozpur ) , that was part of a controversy during the partition of India .
While the M1 is considered to be the first inter-urban motorway to be completed in the United Kingdom , the first road to be built to motorway standard in the country was the Preston Bypass , which later became part of the M6 .
The Imaginary Lamarck : a look at bogus '' history '' in schoolbooks by Michael GhiselinGould , S.J. ( 2002 ) The Structure of Evolutionary Theory On the contrary , Lamarck 's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution .
Mountains named after explorer , president of Russian-American Company , admiral Ferdinand von Wrangel .
Stutterers are trained to reduce their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants , and using other fluency techniques such as continuous airflow and soft speech contacts .
The organ of Corti is located at this duct , and transforms mechanical waves to electric signals in neurons .
While in live theatre the difference became less and less significant , in mass media , comedy and drama were clearly divided .
Mellor first came to the public 's attention in 1990 , when he played Ben Rowlingson in the children 's programme Children 's Ward .
-- )
Two further singles ` Coming Home ' and ` Fits Ya Good ' were very well received , the latter becoming Adams ' debut Top 40 hit in Canada .
Barzy-en-Thi érache is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The planetary core consists of the innermost layer ( s ) of a planet .
Snoops ' flares and fireworks are set off into the riverboat 's living quarters , while Penny and the mice commandeer Medusa 's '' swampmobile , '' a motor-boat used by Medusa to travel in the swamp .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 101 seconds and 102 seconds ( 10 seconds and 100 seconds ) .
Jinnah became the first Governor-General of Pakistan and president of its constituent assembly .
A sewing machine is a textile machine used to stitch fabric or other material together with thread .
The publication was founded by Walt Grealis in February 1964 , supported through its existence by record label owner Stan Klees .
is the provisional designation of a dusty object seen orbiting Saturn very close to the F ring .
This feature is shared with other Romance languages ( Catalan , Occitan , French , Italian ) , and makes Aragonese different from other Ibero-Romance languages without those clitics ( Spanish , Asturian , Portuguese ) .
Fossils from New South Wales and New Zealand are estimated to be 50 million years old , corresponding to the Tertiary .
He burst upon the Rome art scene in 1600 , and thereafter never lacked for commissions or patrons , yet he handled his success atrociously .
The Mongols would later take partial control of Central Asia , and later the land that today comprises Tajikistan became a part of the Emirate of Bukhara .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
Panthera is a genus of the family Felidae ( the cats ) , which contains four well-known living species : the tiger , the lion , the jaguar , and the leopard .
From the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment , '' science '' had more-or-less the same sort of very broad meaning in English that '' philosophy '' had at that time .
Most subarctic climates have very little precipitation , typically no more than 15 inches ( 38 cm ) over an entire year . Away from the coasts , precipitation occurs mostly in the warmer months .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
Beveridge is a town in Victoria , Australia , located along the Hume Highway , 42 kilometres north of Melbourne in the Shire of Mitchell .
Bioluminescence may also be used to entice prey , and some species use colourful displays to impress mates , startle predators , or even communicate with one another .
There , he finds himself working for the predecessor of his modern day police force in 2006 , the Manchester and Salford Police as a DI rather than a DCI under the command of Gene Hunt ( Philip Glenister ) .
The war continues till the peace treaty of 105 .
from the ESRB FAQ By late 2009 , it had assigned nearly 19,130 ratings to titles submitted by more than 350 publishers .
One notable award for science fiction films is the Saturn Award .
Its southern terminus is near Slidell , Louisiana , a suburb of New Orleans , at an intersection with Interstate 10 and Interstate 12 ) , its northern terminus is at Wildwood , Georgia , at an intersection with Interstate 24 .
As of 2000 , the population was 11,814 .
Pulmonata ( with a lung instead of gills ) According to newer insights based on DNA sequencing , the taxonomy of the Gastropoda must be rewritten in terms of strictly monophyletic groups .
It is also streamed online ; however due to rights restrictions coverage of some events are not available online .
Appearance Violet is thin , with black hair , and dark blue eyes .
He is the world record and Olympic record holder in the 100 metres , the 200 metres and ( along with his teammates ) the 4 x 100 metres relay .
It is a planar , unsaturated compound that has the ability to absorb light .
Apocynum cannabinum ( Dogbane , Amy Root , Hemp Dogbane , Indian Hemp , Rheumatism Root , or Wild Cotton ) is a perennial herbaceous plant that grows throughout much of North America - in the southern half of Canada and throughout the United States .
At that point the island consisted of three kingdoms , namely Kandy in the central hills , Kotte at the Western coast , and Yarlpanam ( Anglicised Jaffna ) in the north .
The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that brought NATO into existence , signed in Washington , D.C. on April 4 , 1949 .
In the 1560s , Francesco de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Florence , was so impressed with his talent that he took the young Caccini to Florence for further study .
V12 engines used to be common in Formula One and endurance racing .
device inserted in an automobile tire tread for added traction
Moreover , two other main parties to the conflict , the Soviet Union and Japan , were not party to the 1929 Geneva Conventions and were not legally required to follow the rules of the conventions .
Noted for her role as Marge Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons , she also voices other characters for the show , including Patty and Selma Bouvier .
Courgenay is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
Kuala Lumpur is declared a Federal Territory .
British Rail Class 415 ( or 4EPB ) was a suburban 750 V DC third rail electric multiple unit commissioned by the Southern Region of British Railways .
Piled nap Since the 15th century , the term nap generally refers to a special pile given to the cloth .
The gravy may be further colored and flavored with gravy saltOld Jake 's gravy salt ( a simple mix of salt and caramel food coloring ) or gravy browning ( gravy salt dissolved in water ) or ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts .
The detailed private diary Pepys kept from 1660 until 1669 was first published in the 19th century , and is one of the most important primary sources for the English Restoration period .
September 3 -- Oliver Cromwell dies and his son Richard assumes his father 's former position as Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Brabantio , a Venetian senator , Gratiano 's brother , and Desdemona 's father
In 1965 a Harkness Fellowship gave him the opportunity to continue his studies in the United States [ ] and he decided to dedicate himself to composition .
Faithful is put on trial , and executed as a martyr .
When the company returned to Europe Diaghilev is reported to have flown into a rage , culminating in Nijinsky 's dismissal .
Industrial biomass can be grown from numerous types of plants , including miscanthus , switchgrass , hemp , corn , poplar , willow , sorghum , sugarcane , and a variety of tree species , ranging from eucalyptus to oil palm ( palm oil ) .
Adam Burish ( born January 6 , 1983 ) is an American professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League .
When Emperor Ankan died , he had no offspring ; and succession passed to his youngest brother who will come to be known as Emperor Senka .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade , Jr. ( born January 17 , 1982 ) nicknamed Flash or D-Wade , is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat .
Bucilly is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Until 1927 , part of the monarch 's royal title included the words King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Irvine is an incorporated city in Orange County , California , United States .
The Philadelphia Flyers are a professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
It enjoys the fastest pace of ratifications in the ILO 's history since 1919 .
Use of the singular form lyric to refer to a song 's complete set of words is grammatically acceptable .
Scottish folds are susceptible to polycystic kidney disease ( PKD ) , and cardiomyopathy .
It is spoken by more than 280 million people as a first language and by 250 million more as a second language .
In August , he competed in the NASCAR Nationwide Series race at the Watkins Glen International road course and finished seventh in his first start in the series .
The University of Alabama ( also known as Alabama , UA , or colloquially as ` Bama ) is a public coeducational university located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , USA .
Harrisburg is also known for the infamous Three Mile Island accident , which occurred on March 28 , 1979 in Londonderry Township near Middletown .
The band eclipsed their previous success with their 2006 concept album , The Black Parade , which gained generally favorable reviews among music critics .
Other significant settlements are Banbury , Bicester , Kidlington , and Chipping Norton to the north of Oxford ; Witney to the west ; Thame and Chinnor to the east ; and Abingdon , Wantage , Didcot , Wallingford and Henley-on-Thames to the south .
The leaves are evergreen in the south of the range , but deciduous further north where winters are colder ; they are oval-elliptic with an acute apex , 3-7 cm long and 2-4 cm broad , with a smooth or very finely toothed margin .
You can now log in to Wikipedia using that password .
Its major developers include Adam Smith , Jean-Baptiste Say , David Ricardo , Thomas Malthus and John Stuart Mill .
In 1854 , Gounod completed a Messe Solennelle , also known as the Saint Cecilia Mass. .
Services provided in the BellSouth operating area include telephone and DSL\/Dial-Up Internet services in the States of Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee .
The planet Jupiter has been known since ancient times .
History The origins of Byzantium are shrouded in legend .
It was founded in 2002 by Alex Kendrick , the associate pastor of media for Sherwood Baptist Church with $ 20,000 in donations .
Their next album , Stranger Than Fiction , featuring the band 's well-known hit singles '' 21st Century ( Digital Boy ) '' and '' Infected '' , was also highly successful and became the only Bad Religion album to obtain gold status in the US .
Klaus Wowereit ( born 1 October 1953 in West Berlin ) is a German politician , member of the SPD ( Social Democratic Party ) , and has been the Mayor of Berlin since the 2001 state elections , where his party won a plurality of the votes , 29.7 % .
A method was found for playing Mil-Cd 's without any hardware modification and through a free software development kit called KallistiOS , software support of the console continues with homebrew games , emulators for older systems and media players being released for the system .
Batista entered anyway and went on to win the Rumble earning the right to participate in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the World Champion of his choice .
The majority of tree species grow in tropical regions of the world and many of these areas have not been surveyed yet by botanists , making species diversity and ranges poorly understood .
He frequently uses it to premiere new works ( often played by the local school orchestra ) .
These electrical discharges can be up to a thousand times as powerful as lightning on the Earth .
Thomas Gravesen ( born 11 March 1976 ) is a former Danish professional football player who played as a midfielder .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
or Tom & Jerry and Tuffy ) was released by Hi Tech Expressions for the NES in 1991 and for the PC in 1993 .
Kinetic energy can be passed from one object to another .
They are able to make their own food and can fix carbon .
As Sasuke tried to flee , Itachi went on to explain that he had never loved his little brother .
The body was hand-laid fiberglass which actually hid Roth 's extensive chrome work to the chassis .
Many consider him the premier ballhandler who ever lived , and his game influenced players such as Bob Cousy , Pete Maravich , and Fred '' Curly '' Neal .
V12 engines were first seen in aircraft .
Underparts are usually pale , dirty gray-brown to yellow-brown - the fur is much shorter than on the back .
Lightcurve data for Europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute ( 5 and a half , or 11 hours ? )
Rose Marion Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
The term comes from the Latin decanus , '' a leader of ten '' , taken from the medieval monasteries ( particularly those following the Cluniac Reforms ) which were often extremely large , with hundreds of monks ( the size of a small college campus ) .
Later that day , convection began to diminish as the depression tracked into an area of progressively higher shear and cooler waters .
In probability theory and applications , Bayes ' theorem shows how to determine inverse probabilities : knowing the conditional probability of A given B , what is the conditional probability of B given A ?
She sang '' Backlash Blues '' , written by her friend Langston Hughes on her first RCA album , Nina Simone Sings The Blues ( 1967 ) .
Simon Cowell , one of the show 's judges , ordered a ban on Auto-Tune for future episodes .
The current salary is # 143,911 per year .
Rauzan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The ministry 's stated mission is to '' lead people worldwide into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and to strengthen the local church . ''
However , readers often prefer a vertical listing of data , down each column .
Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg , on the Jutland Peninsula in the Kingdom of Denmark .
Wubi was born as an independent project and as such versions 7.04 and 7.10 were unofficial releases .
Following inter-pluvial arid periods , the Sahara area then reverts to desert conditions , usually as a result of the retreat of the West African Monsoon southwards .
Although not the first designated national park , Yosemite was central to the development of the national park idea , largely owing to the work of people like Galen Clark and John Muir .
They can be inexpensive : some variants can cost as little as a thousand United States dollars ( USD ) , although more sophisticated mines can cost millions of USD , be equipped with several kinds of sensors , and deliver a warhead by rocket or torpedo .
Most marching bands use some kind of uniform ( often of a military style ) that include the school or organization 's name or symbol , shakos , pith helmets , feather plumes , gloves , and sometimes gauntlets , sashes , and\/or capes .
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1980 and April 10 , 1987 .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in the North West Frontier Province from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Rick is a hypocritical , tantrum-throwing , attention-seeking Cliff Richard fan .
The Lachlan River flows west and then south , terminating in the Great Cumbung swamp near Oxley ( between Hay and Balranald ) .
Hungarians - 25.96 %
The head of the abbey was confirmed as the premier abbot in England also in 1154 .
In the 1487 re-consecration of the Great Pyramid of Tenochtitlan some estimate that 80,400 prisoners were sacrificed .
Pope John VIII issues the bull Industriae Tuae , creating an independent ecclesiastical province in Great Moravia with Archbishop Saint Methodius as its head .
Banjo-Kazooie is a platform and action-adventure video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo as the inaugural game in the Banjo-Kazooie series .
The weedy sea dragon is the marine emblem of the State of Victoria .
It consisted of the Soviet sector of Berlin that was established in 1945 .
The different writing styles of the Arabic alphabet are generally divided between geometric scripts ( basically Kufic and its variations ) and cursive scripts ( such as Naskh , Ruq ` ah , Thuluth ... )
The Order of Australia is an order of chivalry established by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia on 14 February 1975 '' for the purpose of according recognition to Australian citizens and other persons for achievement or for meritorious service '' .
Dunaliella salina is a type of halophile pink micro-algae especially found in sea salt fields .
The southwestern branch of the headwaters of the Los Angeles River are in the Santa Monica Mountains .
Metrical evidence from the Iliad and the Odyssey seems to show that the name ( Ilion ) formerly began with a digamma : ( Wilion ) .
She is a fierce critic of the present policies of the IMF , World Bank ( IBRD ) and what she calls their ` maldevelopment model ' .
The brown tree snake is a nocturnal snake that can be very aggressive when confronted .
JetBlue Airways is an American low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation ( ) .
While promoting Stargate in Europe , Emmerich came up with the idea for the film when fielding a question about his own belief in the existence of alien life .
She was born Etta Lucille Reid in Caldwell County , North Carolina , of African American , Native American , and European American heritage .
A year later , her father married twenty-one year old Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate , who became very close to her stepdaughters .
Bolsover is a town in Derbyshire , England , near Chesterfield .
A music festival is a festival oriented towards music that is sometimes presented with a theme such as musical genre , nationality or locality of musicians , or holiday .
The lyrics , written by Morten Veland , tell a loose conceptual story that began at Widow 's Weeds , while he was still a member of Tristania .
He is best known for scoring the winning goal for Germany in the 1990 FIFA World Cup Final against Argentina on a 85th minute penalty kick .
The band was one of the most popular of the 1980s thrash metal scene .
Lurbe-Saint-Christau is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It is the more common of the two scripts currently used to write Malay ( the other is the Jawi script ) .
The ICJ should not be confused with the International Criminal Court , which potentially also has global jurisdiction .
htaccess files .
The Outback is the vast , remote , arid area of Australia , although the term colloquially can refer to any lands outside the main urban areas .
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins .
suspected of crimes , who have not yet been to court , or whose court case is still in progress ; or ,
Agno is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
March 5 & ndash ; Boston Massacre : Five Americans are shot by British troops in an event that helps start the American Revolutionary War 5 years later .
The estimated population in 2006 was 94,875 .
Evaporation is the slow vaporization of a liquid and the reverse of condensation .
During this time , it was the center of Jewish worship , which focused on the sacrifices known as the korbanot .
On April 13 , 2008 , James , along with Layla , Melina and Kelly Kelly , appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp .
Karl Lagerfeld ( born Karl Otto Lagerfeldt ; September 10 , 1933Karl Lagerfeld - Biography on fashion-forum .
Common tactics include re-figuring logos , fashion statements , and product images as a means to challenge the idea of '' what 's cool '' along with assumptions about the personal freedoms of consumption .
The flag of Austria has three equal horizontal bands of red ( top ) , white , and red .
History Jeremie Miller began the Jabber project in 1998 .
Calonne-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A Canadian documentary film , My Opposition : the Diaries of Friedrich Kellner , was produced in 2006 , for distribution in 2007 .
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
The roots of this organization go back to 1934 and the creation of the New York City Housing Authority .
It is the third-busiest airport in the United Kingdom and the third-largest airport serving the London area after Heathrow and Gatwick ; it is one of London 's five international airports , along with Luton and London City .
The engagement has been kept secret owing to the expectation that Ferrars ' family would object to his marrying Miss Steele .
He was born in Schwanenstadt , Upper Austria , the son of a sacristan and teacher ( who spelled the name Seissmayr , reflecting the Austrian pronunciation ) .
But Max respected him even back then for his robot death glare and thought the crutches and leg braces were cool .
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond .
Sir Joseph Austen Chamberlain , KG ( 16 October 1863 & ndash ; 17 March 1937 ) was a British statesman and recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize .
User interfaces exist for various systems , and provide a means of :
Moorland-Spingarn Research Center , repository at Howard University in Washington , D.C. , United States , for the documentation of the history and culture of people of African descent in Africa
The pilots were United States Army ( USAAF ) , Navy ( USN ) , and Marine Corps ( USMC ) personnel , recruited under Presidential sanction and commanded by Claire Lee Chennault ; the ground crew and headquarters staff were likewise mostly recruited from the U.S. military , along with some civilians .
Sashimi primarily consists of very fresh raw seafood , sliced into thin pieces .
Its metropolitan population was 2,084,852 in 2003 , and estimated at 2,253,437 in 2006 .
They are restricted to southern and western South America , often in association with the Andes .
'' Lolcat '' is a compound word of the acronymic abbreviation '' LOL '' and the word '' cat '' .
The Promethea Silkmoth ( Callosamia promethea ) , is a member of the Saturniidae family of moths .
Flannelette Flannelette is a light , napped cotton the texture of flannel .
The Riverina includes three cities ; Wagga Wagga , Albury and Griffith .
The goal of Freudian therapy , or psychoanalysis , was to bring repressed thoughts and feelings into consciousness in order to free the patient from suffering repetitive distorted emotions .
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
Singers and musicians who grew up listening to the traditional electric blues of artists such as Muddy Waters , Bo Diddley , Jimmy Reed and Elmore James ; soul singers such as Sam Cooke , Ray Charles and Otis Redding ; and gospel music wanted to bridge their favorite music together .
The Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa is displaying this specimen in an exhibition which opened on December 13 , 2008 .
Takuya Nozawa ( born August 12 , 1981 in Kasama , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Kashima Antlers .
It is not certain what caused the crash , but a 1986 inquest suggests that the turbulence from a Su-11 ` Fishpot-C ' interceptor using its afterburners may have caused Gagarin 's plane to go out of control .
The Netherlands Antilles national football team is the national team of the Netherlands Antilles and is controlled by the Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie .
The population was 459 in the 2000 census .
Greenwood Publishing Group , 1998 .
The Edward E. Smith Memorial Award for Imaginative Fiction ( the Skylark ) is presented annually by NESFA to some person , who , in the opinion of the membership , has contributed significantly to science fiction , both through work in the field and by exemplifying the personal qualities which made the late '' Doc '' Smith well-loved by those who knew him .
Most software products are released to market with defects , security vulnerabilities , and design flaws .
This article contains information on the 2002-2003 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
Zoo Tycoon 2 is a simulation computer game in which the player may create and operate a zoo by managing its finances , employees and animal exhibits .
Afterward , both men fought to a no-contest in a Falls Count Anywhere match .
Reporters Without Borders , or RWB ( , , or RSF , , , ) is a Paris-based international non-governmental organization that advocates freedom of the press .
The first full scale working railway steam locomotive was built by Richard Trevithick in the United Kingdom , and on 21 February 1804 the world 's first railway journey took place as Trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway of the Penydarren ironworks , near Merthyr Tydfil in south Wales Accompanied with Andrew Vivian , it ran with mixed success .
Colline-Beaumont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
This covert blackmail forces the Count to pardon him grudgingly , but he is summarily to be dispatched to Seville for army duty .
The division lay between 28 25 ' and 33 13 N and 69 19 ' and 73 39 E , the Sutlej divided it from Bahawalpur ) on the south-east , while the Indus flowed partly through the Division and partly along its border to the west .
Switzerland is a federal republic consisting of 26 states , called cantons .
Air guns can be highly accurate and are used in target shooting events at the Olympic Games , governed by the International Shooting Sport Federation ( ISSF ) .
Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 crime melodrama film , produced by MGM . It was directed by W. S. Van Dyke and stars Clark Gable , William Powell , and Myrna Loy .
A Series of Unfortunate Events is a children 's book series of thirteen novels ( or '' tridecology '' ) written by Daniel Handler under the pseudonym Lemony Snicket , and illustrated by Brett Helquist .
The Athabascans had seasonal camps in the area and moved as the wild game migrated .
The music video for '' Dilemma '' was filmed on Colonial Street , part of Universal Studios backlot .
The youngest human chromosome is the X chromosome which is about 1.2 million years more recent than the 22 autosomes .
In 1950 , over objections from the Soviet Union , the UN General Assembly voted by 46 votes to 5 to extend Lie 's term of office .
The fruit is usually a single-seeded drupe , Arecaceae in Flora of North America but some genera ( e.g. Salacca ) may contain two or more seeds in each fruit .
When over 4m deep the Lake is no more salty than the sea and salinity increases as the water evaporates with saturation occurring at about 500mm depth .
Satyagraha theory influenced Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other social justice and similar movements .
Later he changed to civilian clothes and disappeared .
Note that the city of Zhytomyr is not a part of the Zhytomyr raion : the city itself is designated as its own separate raion within the oblast ; moreover Zhytomyr consists of two so-called '' raions in a city '' : the Bohunskyi raion and the Koroliovskyi raion ( named in honor of Sergei Koroliov ) .
He then became a New York Times best-selling author of books for children and teens , known for writing the Artemis Fowl series ( which consists so far of 9 books ) , Half Moon Investigations , The Wish List , and The Supernaturalist , along with the Eoin Colfer ' The Legend of ... books .
The city 's population shrank dramatically during this period as the prominence of Kolkata rose , but substantive development and modernisation eventually followed .
There are natural history and atomic museums in Albuquerque , which also hosts the famed Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta .
He named them , and in turn the four are called the Galilean moons .
Windows Defender , formerly known as Microsoft AntiSpyware , is a software product from Microsoft to prevent , remove and quarantine spyware in Microsoft Windows .
It was written by Andrew Stanton , directed by Stanton and Lee Unkrich and produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios .
Testing of prototypes commenced in December 1993 , and the roll-out of the system was carried out from August 1996 to April 1998 .
The river drops rapidly in a 75 kilometre run to swampy Lake Hula , which is slightly above sea level .
Jade Almarie Louise Ewen ( born 24 January 1988 ) is an English singer , songwriter , actress and member of the Sugababes .
On June 25 , 2007 , Raw was scheduled in Corpus Christi , Texas to be a three-hour special memorial show for the storyline death of the Mr. McMahon character .
Mortensen died at the age of 85 , and Monroe 's birth certificate , together with her parents ' marriage and divorce documents , were discovered .
British Citizen by Act of Parliament : George Frideric Handel His works include Messiah , Water Music , and Music for the Royal Fireworks .
The position was created in 1849 , before California became a state .
The CN Tower is a communications and observation tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The protocol partly relies on the remote party 's rlogin client providing information honestly ( including source port and source host name ) .
If a '' hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
He showed remarkable compositional talent in his early years , but this promise was never really fulfilled .
Hospice de Havre , founded in 1260 .
In the 90 's the band has been reformed with Newton and Corbett appearing in the lineup .
The ability of humans to change the genetics of animals took a large step forwards in 1974 when Rudolf Jaenisch was able to produce the first transgenic mammal , by integrating DNA from the SV40 virus into the genome of mice .
Frogs and salamanders are also affected by light pollution .
Subsequently , in the '' New Academy '' Arcesilaus ( c. 315-241 B.C. ) and Carneades ( c. 213-129 B.C. ) developed more theoretical perspectives , by which conceptions of absolute truth and falsity were refuted as uncertain .
Under the original name Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , the series ran from 1993 to 1995 and spawned a feature film titled Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : The Movie .
The object of the game is to checkmate the opponent 's king , whereby the king is under immediate attack ( in '' check '' ) and there is no way to remove or defend it from attack on the next move .
In the past ten years , statues of both Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson have been unveiled outside the stadium .
As of 2000 , the population was 48,498 .
Referring to Google CEO Eric Schmidt ( who previously worked for competitors Sun and Novell ) , Ballmer vowed to '' kill Google '' in an expletive-laden tirade then resumed trying to persuade Lucovsky to stay at Microsoft .
Names '' Beijing '' means '' northern capital '' , in line with the common East Asian tradition whereby capital cities are explicitly named as such .
IMI 's educational partner is Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK ( MMU ) .
Furby sold 1.8 million units in 1998 , 14 million units in 1999 , and altogether in its three years of original production , Furby sold over 40 million units , and its speaking capabilities were translated into 24 languages .
Neyland remains the all-time winningest coach in Tennessee Volunteers history with 173 wins in 216 games , six undefeated seasons , nine undefeated regular seasons , seven conference championships , and four national championships .
Doing so violates Wikipedia 's neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia .
This combination of propellants is sometimes still used in torpedoes .
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
Launched in 2007 the Introducing brand brings programming from across the BBC under a unified brand with each show retaining its own identity .
Fillmore was one of the founders of the University of Buffalo .
The microscope has a greater resolving power than a light-powered optical microscope , because it uses electrons that have wavelengths about 100,000 times shorter than visible light ( photons ) , and can achieve magnifications of up to 2,000,000 x , whereas light microscopes are limited to 2000x magnification .
Serie B is the name of the second highest football league in Italy .
An electro-diesel locomotive is one that can operate either from an electrical supply , such as overhead catenary or ( in this case ) an energized third rail , or from an onboard diesel engine .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any accusations that his father had promoted his career .
Swift was a prolific writer , notable for his satires .
Stereophonic sound # Balance of stereophonic sound
If sweating is interrupted , the resulting cocoa may be ruined ; if underdone the cocoa seed maintains a flavor similar to raw potatoes and becomes susceptible to mildew .
The district covers an area of 1,969 km with the city of Abbottabad being the principal town of this district .
This variant of the bugle fell out of use with the invention of the valved cornet .
From 1919 it was also used for civilian inmates .
Applications that depend on libraries installed by IE will fail to function ( or malfunction ) .
Emanuel Pogatetz ( born 16 January 1983 in Graz ) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for Hannover 96 as a defender .
Thus , while the evidence supports the probability that 16 December 1770 was Beethoven 's date of birth , this can not be stated with certainty .
The highest peak of the Eastern Alps is Piz Bernina , at .
;
The ships ' fired missiles were unaffected by gravity ( due to a lack of processing time ) .
References External links shape model deduced from lightcurve '' Notice of discovery of Metis '' , MNRAS 8 ( 1848 ) 146 Irish Astronomical History : Markree Castle Observatory and The Discovery of the Asteroid Metis -- Horizons can be used to obtain a current ephemeris .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Charsada - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 8 ' 43N 71 43 ' 51E with an altitude of 276 metres ( 908 feet ) and lies 29 kilometres from the provincial capital - Peshawar .
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
The FDP was founded on 11 December 1948 through the merger of nine regional liberal parties formed in 1945 from the remnants of the pre-1933 German People 's Party ( DVP ) and the German Democratic Party ( DDP ) , which had been active in the Weimar Republic .
Living in Scotland for twelve years , she moved back to England in 2004 .
The Collingwood Football Club was born on the cusp of one of the world 's worst depressions in February 1892 .
Unlike Kanotix , its desktop environment is GNOME .
It flows through the Midlands ( forming a once-significant boundary between the North and South of England ) until it joins the River Ouse at Trent Falls to form the Humber Estuary , which empties into the North Sea below Hull and Immingham .
It is located north-east of Loughton , south of Harlow and north-west of Brentwood .
Viacom Cablevision in Nashville , Tennessee , the first system to offer the event , sold over fifty percent of its subscribers for the fight .
Surgery Door .
In 1999 , Brenneman became creator and executive producer of the television series Judging Amy , in which she played the title character .
The only members of the Ecdysozoa that are relatively large are arthropods , velvet worms , and the priapulids .
Jeannette C. Pickersgill is the first person to be officially cremated in the United Kingdom .
There are national awards , like Canada 's Aurora Award , regional awards , like the Endeavour Award presented at Orycon for works from the Pacific Northwest , special interest or subgenre awards like the Chesley Award for art or the World Fantasy Award for fantasy .
Garden City is a city in Ada County , Idaho , United States .
The municipality was formed on 1 January 1996 through the merger of Alterswilen , Hugelshofen , Altishausen , Dotnacht , Ellighausen , Lippoldswilen , Neuwilen and Siegershausen .
An inscription from Capua to IOVI VESVVIO indicates that he was worshipped as a power of Jupiter ; that is , Jupiter Vesuvius .
They are one of the two groups of gods , the other being the Vanir .
Pessac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
She may do this by verbally encouraging them , or by masturbating as she watches them .
He was the most famous composer of secular music in Elizabethan England and an organist at St Paul 's Cathedral .
He spent his childhood living with his mother , Catherine , and twin brother , Hans , in Dillingen .
, k ne ` move ' + , rhynchos ` snout ' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
About 7,500 people were affected , and damage totaled over 100 million pesos ( 2005 MXN , $ 9.3 million 2005 USD , $ 10.3 million 2008 USD ) .
Dodd sent Bryant a letter asking Bryant to suspend Holt after game film indicated Holt had intentionally injured Granning .
He is also the Chairman of the Conservative Research Department and Chairman of the Conservative Party 's Policy Review .
Nate is a South Korean web portal , developed by SK Telecom .
Sarah Jane , having overheard the girls making plans , follows them to the factory and interviews Mrs Wormwood , and how she was able to get approval for the drink so fast , and why the Bane , an ingredient unique to the drink , was '' resisting '' analysis , to which she is told that all that Bubble Shock !
In all his forces , he was renowned for his popularity with all ranks under his command .
After telling his family , Homer and Bart head to the center of town , where they are met by an angry mob .
kerfeldt agreed without consulting his band mates or record label .
On August 22 , 1864 , the conference adopted the first Geneva Convention '' for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field '' .
He was known as '' The Originator '' because of his key role in the transition from the blues to rock & roll , influencing a host of legendary acts including Buddy Holly , Jimi Hendrix , The Rolling Stones , Brownsville Station , and Eric Clapton .
The population of Banda Pir Khan is 25,385 .
John Paul II , in his message of condolence to the Church in England and Wales , praised Hume as a '' shepherd of great spiritual and moral character '' .
It is characteristic of many brackish surface waters that their salinity can vary considerably over space and\/or time .
In Big Finish 's regular line of Doctor Who audio stories , Ward joined Colin Baker 's Sixth Doctor in The Apocalypse Element , in which Romana is Lady President of Gallifrey .
Payton proceeded to win two NFL Player of the Year Awards , and won Super Bowl XX with the 1985 Chicago Bears .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
The magazine is structured in a manner similar to publications such as Spin while covering many avenues within the heavy metal and punk subcultures .
The games were created as a collaborative effort among Ron Gilbert , Tim Schafer and Dave Grossman .
In their teens they participated in a number of amateur bands ; however , it was not until 1986 when Marcus was invited to Mike 's band that Boards of Canada was born .
The most stable isotope of ununpentium is predicted to be Uup-299 , containing the theorized '' magic number '' of 184 neutrons .
During World War I , the medal was awarded to military personnel , units above the level of company and civilians for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy . For each subsequent act of valor , the recipient was awarded a bar to the medal .
ISBN 0-13-142044-5 Paul Carter : PC Assembly Language .
Noaillan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
August 21 -- From 16:50 to 20:02 UTC , the first total solar eclipse of the 21st century for the United States , and the first visible in the continental U.S. since February 26 , 1979 , takes place .
Performing arts include the dance , music , opera , drama , magic , Spoken word and circus arts .
Their advance debut single from their first album In Distortion We Trust , was '' Losing the Game '' .
It is produced and broadcast by WHSV .
Book by Arthur Laurents , music by Jule Styne , lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green The Happy Time -- Book by N. Richard Nash , music by John Kander , lyrics by Fred Ebb .
Octopuses have also been observed in what some have described as play : repeatedly releasing bottles or toys into a circular current in their aquariums and then catching them .
The prefecture plays host to two major events in the Japanese athletics calendar : the International Chiba Ekiden and the Chiba International Cross Country .
William Howard Taft ( September 15 , 1857 -- March 8 , 1930 ) was the 27th President of the United States and later the 10th Chief Justice of the United States .
Craig is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
Plutonium is the heaviest primordial element ( see also primordial nuclide ) , by virtue of its most stable isotope , plutonium-244 , whose half-life of about 80 million years is just long enough for the element to be found in trace quantities in nature .
This in turn could endanger water supplies from Pitt Lake as well as fisheries on the Pitt River .
Complex addressing performed via sequences of arithmetic and\/or load-store operations ;
The parasympathetic nervous system ( PSNS ) is one of the two main divisions of the autonomic nervous system ( ANS ) .
It is situated in the north of the district , 25 km north of Fulda .
After the famous voyage of the Mayflower , the ship returned to England , likely dismantled for scrap lumber in Rotherhithe in 1623 , only a year after Jones 's death in March 1622 .
The National Party of Australia is an Australian political party .
In September 1989 , Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on October 17 , 1989 , he was transferred to West Berlin .
Ariel Miguel Santiago Ibagaza ( born 27 October 1976 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Olympiacos FC in Greece .
Kazuya Kawabata is a Japanese football player who plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
In 1923 a new design of enclosed double deck tram was introduced by P.J Baker , General Manager of the tramways , with a rounded top that would fit through the arch .
The architecture of the building is inspired by a traditional Chinese hat .
The full span of the crown ranges from 6 -- 10 meters .
Each includes a Raw and SmackDown taping .
A soldier pierced the side of Jesus with a lance causing blood and water to flow out , and the centurion informs Pilate that Jesus is dead .
The Taung Child - or Taung Baby - is the fossilized skull of a young Australopithecus africanus individual .
The name '' Wikipedia '' is a portmanteau of the words wiki ( a technology for creating collaborative websites , from the Hawaiian word ' , meaning '' quick '' ) and encyclopedia .
Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph ( September 27 , 1772 -- October 10 , 1836 ) was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson , the third President of the United States , and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson .
The practice is believed to derive from the Celtic festival of Samhain when animal bones were burnt to ward off evil spirits .
Throughout the film , the Aracuan Bird appears at random moments .
On the subsequent tour Fabienne Gondamin was replaced by Henriette Bordvik , with whom the band recorded the album '' An Elixir For Existence '' and the EP '' Sirenian Shores '' .
August 24 & ndash ; St. Bartholomew 's Day Massacre : Catholics in Paris murder thousands of Protestants , including Gaspard de Coligny , at the order of King Charles IX .
He currently drives the # 11 FedEx Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series .
In Languedoc , the only real '' Cathar castles '' were fortified homesteads ( castrum ) , such as Laurac , Fanjeaux , Mas-Saintes-Puelles .
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
Constantine '' Cus '' D'Amato ( January 17 , 1908 & ndash ; November 4 , 1985 ) was an American boxing manager and trainer who handled the careers of Floyd Patterson , José Torres , and Mike Tyson .
Saint-Maixant is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
British Somaliland remained part of Italian East Africa for a matter of months . In March 1941 the 1st\/2nd Punjab Regiment and the 3rd\/15th Punjab Regiment } returned from Aden to re-occupy the territory during the East African Campaign .
It was officially named after the mythological Adrastea , foster mother of Greek god Zeus -- the equivalent of Roman god Jupiter .
The grassy lawn in front of the library 's grand entrance on Swanston Street is a popular lunch-spot for the city 's workers and students at the adjacent RMIT University .
retrieved 3\/21\/2007The History of the Collections ... '' full text He committed suicide in 1929 , aged 71 , shortly after the death of his wife .
Hendrik Johannes Cruijff ( ; born 25 April 1947 ) , commonly known as Johan Cruyff , is a former Dutch footballer and manager .
Today , he is considered one of the great rationalists of 17th-century philosophy , laying the groundwork for the 18th century Enlightenment and modern biblical criticism .
A borough is an administrative division in various countries .
Zoosporangium A zoosporangium is the sexual structure in which the zoospores develop in a plant , fungi , or protists ( such as the oomycota ) See also Gametangium Flagellum Fern Angiosperm Chytridiomycota References C.J. Alexopolous , Charles W. Mims , M. Blackwell et al. , Introductory Mycology , 4th ed .
Boffles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Atlas Shrugged is a novel by Ayn Rand , first published in 1957 in the United States .
The host city , Sochi , Russia , was elected on July 4 2007 , during the 119th International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) Session in Guatemala City , Guatemala .
As such , the NHC is the central clearinghouse for all tropical cyclone forecasts and observations occurring in these areas , regardless of their effect on the US .
The rights granted under , and the subject matter referenced , in this License were drafted utilizing the terminology of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works ( as amended on September 28 , 1979 ) , the Rome Convention of 1961 , the WIPO Copyright Treaty of 1996 , the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty of 1996 and the Universal Copyright Convention ( as revised on July 24 , 1971 ) .
They are named after the locations of plays by Shakespeare .
A corner kick is awarded to the attacking team when the ball leaves the field of play by crossing the goal line ( either on the ground or in the air ) without a goal having been scored ( a goal occurs when the ball completely crosses the goal line underneath the crossbar and in between the goal posts ) , having been last touched by a defending player ( including the goalkeeper ) .
In French , it is called Cathédrale Saints-Michel-et-Gudule and in Dutch Sint-Michiels - en Sint-Goedelekathedraal , usually shortened to '' Sint-Goedele '' .
Having first started playing the baroque violin while studying Classics at Cambridge University , he went on to study with Simon Standage , one of the founding members of The English Concert , at the Royal Academy of Music , followed by further studies with Lucy van Dael at The Hague and Marie Leonhardt .
Hurricane Erika was a hurricane that struck extreme northeastern Mexico near the Texas-Tamaulipas border in mid-August of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season .
Humidity is typically higher in the southwest and mountainous areas and depends on the seasonal patterns of rainfall , and places like Colombo experience daytime humidity above 70 % all year round , rising to almost 90 % during the monsoon season in June .
Hurricane Isidore was the ninth named storm and the second hurricane in the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season .
The premiere performance was Antonio Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta .
Classicism is a force which is often present in post-medieval European and European influenced traditions ; however , some periods felt themselves more connected to the classical ideals than others , particularly the Age of Reason , the Age of Enlightenment , and some classicizing movements in Modernism .
The town was first mentioned in 1283 , upon being granted its town charter by Wilhelm von Endorpe .
The Attorney General is considered to be the chief lawyer of the U.S. government .
The yellow to red color of many cheeses is from adding annatto .
The city is also home to the national stadium and a polytechnic institute , while the inner harbour lies immediately east of the town , around which tuna fishing and canning form a major local industry .
As of the census of 2005 , there were an estimated 47,472 people living in Harrisburg .
Gordon later cross the Florida Keys and also made landfall in Fort Myers , Florida while still a weak tropical storm .
Jurassic Shark (/O2000/O) documentary by Jacinth O'Donnell ; broadcast on Discovery Channel , August 5 , 2006
Hollywood Undead is an American rap rock band from Los Angeles , California .
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly ( ICS , 2004 ) , and is subdivided into six geologic periods ; from oldest to youngest they are : the Cambrian , Ordovician , Silurian , Devonian , Carboniferous , and Permian .
This ostensibly lowers barriers to entry , as infrastructure is typically provided by a third-party and does not need to be purchased for one-time or infrequent intensive computing tasks .
Pokémon Adventures , released in Japan as , is a Pokémon - related manga based on the video games .
The men were quickly targeted over the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the sole male .
Moulins-le-Carbonnel is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The Bangladesh Liberation War ( i ) ( ) was an armed conflict pitting West Pakistan against East Pakistan ( two halves of one country ) and India , that resulted in the secession of East Pakistan to become the independent nation of Bangladesh .
The game takes place on the fictional eponymous planet , Notrium .
I believe in Jesus Christ , God 's only Son , our Lord , : who was conceived by the Holy Spirit , : born of the Virgin Mary , : suffered under Pontius Pilate , : was crucified , died , and was buried ; : he descended into hell .
Childminding differs from nannying in that a nanny goes to the house of the child in order to care for it ; childminders look after the child in the childminder 's home .
The game employed diagonal lines -- balklines -- at the table 's corners to regions where counts were restricted , thus '' cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners , ( taking ) away 28 inches ( 711 mm ) of the ` nursing ' surface of the end rails and 56 inches ( 1422 mm ) on the long rails . ''
Below the sandstone is a layer of micaceous basal shale , which weathers quite readily and is therefore not well exposed .
The Province of Padua ( Provincia di Padova ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Padua .
Near the end of the match , Shane locked Michaels in the sharpshooter , and Vince ordered the match to end .
Meconium historically referred to related , weaker preparations made from other parts of the poppy or different species of poppies .
Raised as a military brat , Songz did not have aspirations to have a musical career as a child due to his shyness , saying '' Singing was n't a reality for me , until other people started noticing I sounded good . ''
Alice in Chains is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1987 by guitarist Jerry Cantrell and original lead vocalist Layne Staley .
Bonus numbers !
The Vietcong 's best-known action was the Tet Offensive , a massive assault on more than 100 South Vietnamese urban centers in 1968 , including an attack on the US embassy in Saigon .
Lice ( singular : louse ) is the common name for over 3000 species of wingless insects of the order Phthiraptera ; three of which are classified as human disease agents .
The demise of one , the '' Lost Colony '' of Roanoke Island , remains one of the great mysteries of American history .
The Croatian Kajkavian dialect is more similar to Slovenian than to the Croatian standard language itself .
Martin 's first film was a short , The Absent-Minded Waiter ( 1977 ) .
The earliest epigraphical evidence in the Tamil country are that of the Pandya king Kadungon ( c. 560 -- 590 CE ) who displaced the Kalabhras from the Pandyas country .
Subclass Pteraspidomorphi ( early jawless fish )
They are either fudgy or cakey , depending on their density , and they may include nuts , frosting , whipped cream , chocolate chips , or other ingredients .
For example , the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the blind spots of disaster recovery .
In this classification system , five basic jump forms are distinguished :
Combined , the streets cover a total distance of about 0.6 mile ( 1 kilometre ) .
Bald Eagle , the national bird of the United States
He married Margaret Lindsay , who was a capable astronomer in her own right .
NHL 10 is a video game in the NHL series developed and released by EA Canada and published by EA Sports , and is the 19th game in the series .
Goose ( plural : geese ) is the English name for a considerable number of birds , belonging to the family Anatidae .
is a video game published by Nintendo and developed by Left Field Productions .
Ryanair operates 250 Boeing 737-800 aircraft on over 1,100 routes across Europe and Morocco from over 44 bases .
A series-wound DC motor has a low resistance field and armature circuit .
An administrator will then delete it after checking that the page does not contain evidence of policy violations that may need to be kept .
Drinker ( for Edward Drinker Cope ) was a genus of hypsilophodont dinosaur from the late Jurassic period of North America .
Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams , born Louisa Catherine Johnson ( February 12 , 1775 -- May 15 , 1852 ) , wife of John Quincy Adams , was First Lady of the United States from 1825 to 1829 .
Victoria 's son , Edward VII , and , in turn , his son , George V , reigned as members of this house .
Food crops were severely impacted , including destruction of 58 % of the corn output , 24 % of sorghum , 14 % of rice , and 6 % of the bean crop .
The American Civil War ( 1861 -- 1865 ) , also known as the War Between the States ( among other names ) , was a civil war in the United States of America .
At Tribal Council , Danielle and Bruce still showed loyalty to Casaya , and , with a 6-3 vote , got rid of Austin .
Polygamy ( from polys gamos , translated literally in Late Greek as '' often married '' ) is a form of marriage in which a person has more than one spouse at the same time , as opposed to monogamy in which a person has only one spouse at a time .
In 1795 , Nicholas Jacques Conté discovered a method of mixing powdered graphite with clay and forming the mixture into rods that were then fired in a kiln .
The show was created by father and son television writers Bryan Elsley and Jamie Brittain for Company Pictures , Company Pictures : Skins and premiered on E4 on 25 January 2007 .
The primary object is to score by kicking or striking the ball with the hand and getting it through the goals .
Canute VI is crowned king of Denmark .
In 2006 , Murakami became the sixth recipient of the Franz Kafka Prize from the Czech Republic for his novel Umibe no Kafuka ( Kafka on the Shore ) .
It is also the oldest and winningest stadium in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision .
The band has also appeared on Later With Jools Holland , playing their songs '' Balloons '' and '' Red Socks Pugie '' , as well as T-Mobile 's Transmission ( Channel 4 ) , The Album Chart Show ( E4 ) , and The Culture Show .
A cockatoo is any of the 21 species belonging to the bird family Cacatuidae .
In academia , particularly within the area of Jewish Studies , the teaching of Maimonides has been dominated by traditional , generally Orthodox scholars , who place a very strong emphasis on Maimonides as a rationalist .
Rod cells , or rods , are photoreceptor cells in the retina of the eye that can function in less intense light than can the other type of visual photoreceptor , cone cells .
Sources which merely establish that a tour happened are not sufficient to demonstrate notability .
The Internet is a global system of interconnected computer networks that use the standard Internet Protocol Suite ( TCP\/IP ) to serve billions of users worldwide .
The 1993 Bombay bombings were a series of 13 bomb explosions that took place in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , India on March 12 , 1993 .
At 08:23:38 , Atta tried to make an announcement to the passengers but pressed the wrong button and sent the message to Boston ARTCC .
The tank was not designed to dissolve this type of solution and was not configured to prevent eventual criticality .
Wood is stronger when stressed along the grain ( longitudinally ) than it is when stressed across the grain ( radially and tangentially ) .
The county has many traditional music festivals and one of the most well known is the Queen Maeve International Summer School , a traditional Irish Music summer school of music and dance which is held annually in August in Sligo Town .
It was announced at the same time that former pop star Billie Piper was being considered for the role .
She died in 1996 of kidney disease .
Suffolk University Profile ( accessed March 5 , 2009 ) History and Students Suffolk Law History page .
Sustenance included fruit , legumes , millets , sorghum and tubers .
Situated in the foothills of Kangra and Dalhousie , with the river Chakki flowing close by , the city is often used as a rest-stop before heading into the mountains of Jammu and Kashmir , Dalhousie , Chamba , and Kangra , deep into the Himalayas .
Likewise from augere '' to increase '' , one gets '' augend '' , '' thing to be increased '' .
Listing of towns located in Queensland , Australia .
Gabriel Alejandro Paletta ( born 15 February 1986 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine central defender , who plays for Parma .
He holds a B.A. ( 1967 ) from the University of California , Riverside and a Ph.
Avant-garde represents a pushing of the boundaries of what is accepted as the norm or the status quo , primarily in the cultural realm .
Adair County was named after the Adair family of the Cherokee tribe .
SMS gateway providers facilitate SMS traffic between businesses and mobile subscribers , including mission-critical messages , SMS for enterprises , content delivery , and entertainment services involving SMS , e.g. TV voting .
It was not seen until the Hubble Space Telescope recovered it in 2003 .
Racing FC Bafoussam is a Cameroonian football club based in Bafoussam .
Common names found in the literature include the Neotropical electric fishes , South American electric fishes , or American knifefishes .
Paolo Cesare Maldini ( ; born 26 June 1968 in Milan ) is a former Italian footballer .
In Hong Kong , the term '' bureau '' is used , and departments are subordinate to bureaux , while in Mexico , ministries are referred to as secretariats .
Oliver Twist ; or , The Parish Boy 's Progress ( commonly known as Oliver Twist ) ( 1838 ) is Charles Dickens 's second novel .
Beethoven 's birth place is located in Bonngasse near the market place .
Edwin van der Sar ( born 29 October 1970 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Manchester United .
The Arroyo Seco ( meaning '' dry streambed '' in Spanish ) is a stream and watershed in Los Angeles County , USA , that has been called the most celebrated canyon in Southern California .
ISBN 0-7923-6383-3 .
These screens are used to segue into short film sequences , which are generally repeated at least once .
Andrew David Lansley , CBE , ( born 11 December 1956 ) is a politician in the United Kingdom .
Eduardo Gory '' Eddie '' Guerrero Llanes ( October 9 , 1967 -- November 13 , 2005 ) was a Mexican-American professional wrestler born into the Guerrero wrestling family .
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz , Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazil .
An alternative theory , developed by David Lewis-Williams and broadly based on ethnographic studies of contemporary hunter-gatherer societies , is that the paintings were made by Cro-Magnon shamans .
The St Albans Psalter ( ca . 1130 - 45 ) is the best known of a number of important Romanesque illuminated manuscripts produced in the Abbey scriptorium .
Bourneau is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
For traveling to and from each of the Gilis , locals usually use motorized boats and speedboats .
They have two adult children and shared legal guardianship of Chesa Boudin , son of Kathy Boudin and David Gilbert .
Alt-metal bands commonly emerged from hardcore punk ( Corrosion of Conformity ) , post-hardcore\/noise rock ( Helmet , The Jesus Lizard ) , grunge ( Alice in Chains , Soundgarden ) , or industrial ( Ministry , Nine Inch Nails ) .
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
Melee , released in 2001 for the Nintendo GameCube , becoming the best selling game on that system .
Its formal title is the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Christ at Canterbury .
Drivers on routes through the tunnel had to have at least two years ' experience on other services to be considered for these routes .
Founded by Neville Chamberlain , the orchestra first performed as the City of Birmingham Orchestra in September 1920 , with Appleby Matthews conducting its first concert .
Pyrénées - Atlantiques is a department located in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region .
Cover Up (/O2008/O) - Ministry & Co-Conspirators
The word submarine was originally an adjective meaning '' under the sea '' ; consequently other uses such as '' submarine engineering '' or '' submarine cable '' may not actually refer at all to the vessel .
Northumberland Park Depot is the service and storage area for trains on the Victoria Line of the London Underground , the only part of the line not in tunnel .
Bronstein was bitten on his bare foot , as the keeper had told him to take off his white shoes , which could have potentially excited the dragon .
The Bolan Pass is a mountain pass through the Toba Kakar Range of Balochistan province in western Pakistan , 120 kilometres from the Afghanistan border .
Google Chrome OS is an upcoming Linux-based , open source operating system designed by Google to work exclusively with web applications .
Strong wind shear weakened the system over the next few days , and it dissipated on September 6 without coming near any land .
The promotion , in its current form , was started by Steve Keirn in 2007 to be WWE 's second developmental territory when they ended their relationship with the Georgia-based Deep South Wrestling in early 2007 .
Encyclopedia2 .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Death On December 23 , 1940 , around 1:25 pm , Eddie was killed in an accident at Floyd Bennett Field at age 29 , while training George Wilson Herzog ( 1903-1940 ) .
George Smoot had main responsibility for measuring the small variations in the temperature of the radiation .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
Saint James , son of Zebedee ( d. 44 ) or Yaakov Ben-Zebdi/Bar-Zebdi , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus .
At age 17 , Harding assembled a group of musicians to perform Pierrot Lunaire of Arnold Schoenberg , and sent a tape of the performance to Rattle in Birmingham .
The main species harvested for vanillin is Vanilla planifolia .
Luciferase systems are widely used in the field of genetic engineering as reporter genes .
Then Caesar ordered his cavalry to withdraw , and partially-hidden light troops fiercely attacked Pompey 's cavalry .
A cache 's sole purpose is to reduce accesses to the underlying slower storage .
Robert Strange McNamara ( June 9 , 1916 -- July 6 , 2009 ) was an American business executive and the eighth Secretary of Defense , serving under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson from 1961 to 1968 , during which time he played a large role in escalating the United States involvement in the Vietnam War .
The inauguration took place on August 13 , 1876 , with a performance of Das Rheingold .
Mashiro Kazahana is a character in the My-HiME and My-Otome anime and manga series .
Religious orders
After impressing for Leeds United , His first senior appearance in the national team came against South Korea in the Coupe des Confédérations in 2001 , which France won 0-5 .
The soldiers marched under the walls through the lowered water .
n ( t ) is the rate of earthquakes measured in a certain time t after the main shock ,
Among the sponsors , there are the Austrian government , the local authorities of Vorarlberg as well as private banks .
Around 6:00 am of September 16 , 1810 he declared independence from the Spanish crown , and war against the government in what was known as the Grito de Dolores .
Uppsala Cathedral is a cathedral located centrally in the city of Uppsala , Sweden .
Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar ( Jal l ud-D n Muhammad Akbar ) , also known as Shahanshah Akbar-E-Azam , Akbar the Great or Mahabali Shahanshah ( 23 November 1542 -- 27 October 1605 ) , Conversion of Islamic and Christian dates ( Dual ) As per the date convertor Baadshah Akbar 's birth date , as per Humayun nama , of 04 Rajab , 949 AH , corresponds to 14 October 1542 .
The form with single - t - , Britannia , is secondary , but can be traced to the Roman period .
Julia Fischer ( born ) is a German violinist .
The most prominent feature of the walrus is its long tusks .
The Herald Sun is the highest-circulating daily newspaper in Australia , with a weekday circulation of 515,000 and readership of 1,500,000 .
Bone and dream : into the world 's driest desert .
Ayodhya , capital of King Rama is mentioned on the banks of Sarayu river .
Within the United Nations and the Olympic movement , Libya is known as the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya .
He was the highest-ranking defendant at the Judges ' Trial in Nuremberg .
Le Gast is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1977 , he joined the Russian Orthodox Church .
The first ten Roman numerals are
On 21 February 1804 the world 's first railway journey took place as Trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway of the Penydarren Ironworks , near Merthyr Tydfil in Wales .
A cut-off extratropical cyclone over the central north Pacific moved over an area of ocean with sea surface temperatures as high as 2 C above normal for two days .
The Liberian Premier League is the highest division in football in Liberia .
Citation formats vary , but an entry for a book in a bibliography usually contains the following information :
Canton , Baltimore , Maryland , a neighborhood and park
Homo antecessor
Nalwa 's troops had brutally crushed the tribes of Circle Bakote and beheaded many of them .
Elim is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Shirley Jackson ( December 14 , 1916 -- August 8 , 1965 ) was an influential American author .
Tour de France
Ancient Greece is the civilization belonging to the period of Greek history lasting from the Archaic period of the 8th to 6th centuries BC to 146 BC and the Roman conquest of Greece after the Battle of Corinth .
Mumt z Mahal ( April , 1593 - 17 June 1631 ) ( Persian , Urdu : ; pronounced ; meaning '' beloved ornament of the palace '' ) is the common nickname of Arjumand Banu Begum , an Empress of India during the Mughal Dynasty .
Somerville and Dixon were interviewed by police in 1996 , when concerns were raised by Boots The Chemist staff over photographs of their seven-year-old child in the bath .
Villenave-de-Rions is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Tribes of Judah and Benjamin remained loyal to Rehoboam , and reformed the Kingdom of Judah , while the other entity continuing to be called the Kingdom of Israel , or Israel .
is the second-largest city in Canada and the largest city in the province of Quebec .
In 2007 The Story of the Kelly Gang was inscribed on the UNESCO Memory of the World Register for being the world 's first full-length feature film .
There is also a relatively new causeway -- the Japanese Causeway -- that links South Tarawa to Betio , out of South Tarawa .
All species are monoecious with separate male and female flowers on the same plant .
However , he visited Dublin a number of times and realised that there were groups of people , just like him , interested in Irish , a language looked down on at the time by many and seen as backward and old-fashioned .
The second-tier club football existed in the land of the rising sun since 1972 ; however , it was professionalized starting 1999 season with ten clubs .
God has given Christians '' a new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead '' .
Peter Chelsom , The Mighty , Chaos Productions , 1998 .
Leonid Azkaldian was born on 23 November 1942 in Tbilisi , Georgian SSR in a family of Ruben Azkaldian , who was originally from Kamo , Armenian SSR .
Maine Road had originally been known as Dog Kennel Lane but was renamed Maine Road ( after the Maine law ) during the 1870s at the insistence of the Temperance Movement .
Frederick Ralph Cornelius Penner , CM ( born November 6 , 1946 ) is a Canadian children 's entertainer who gives appearances throughout North America .
The primary advantage is that if a caller never makes any modifications , no private copy need ever be created .
Retrieved on October 2 , 2008 She is primarily known for her recordings in the pop genre .
The term '' security clearance '' is also sometimes used in private organizations that have a formal process to vet employees for access to sensitive information .
The GCV is organized under the Follow On Incremental Capabilities Package of the BCT Modernization program .
By 1563 Lassus had been appointed maestro di cappella , succeeding Ludwig Daser in the post .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green ( born February 17 , 1949 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American football head coach for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League .
Lipki ( ) is a town in Kireyevsky District of Tula Oblast , Russia , located south of Tula .
On 7 March 2007 it was upgraded to 1 GB .
The album was released in September 1991 and featured the powerballad ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' .
So Bodine parted ways with the team and went back to Fiddleback Racing , where he would drive in 2005 .
Mazdak was the chief representative of a religious and philosophical teaching called Mazdakism , which he viewed as a reformed and purified version of Zoroastrianism , although his teaching has been argued to display influences from Manichaeism as well .
Established in 1946 , the national park was Kenya 's first .
As with the previous Mégane , the range of models is wide ; there is a three and five door hatchback available , named '' Sport Hatch '' and '' Hatch '' respectively , there is a 4-door saloon\/sedan ( Sport Saloon ) , a five-door estate ( Sport Tourer \/O/ Grandtour ) , and to replace both the Mégane Coupe and Convertible , a new retractable hardtop coupe designed by Karmann .
Copland 's Symphony for Organ and Orchestra ( 1924 ) brought him into contact with Serge Koussevitzky , a conductor known as a champion of '' new music '' , and another figure who would prove to be influential in Copland 's life , perhaps the second most important after Boulanger . Koussevitzky performed twelve Copland works during his tenure as conductor of the Boston Symphony .
The resulting Articles of Religion remain official United Methodist doctrine .
It now includes , and is managed by the United States Forest Service as part of the Pisgah National Forest .
In 2000 , M.I.A. directed the music video for Elastica 's '' Mad Dog God Dam '' .
What to do if your RfA was closed early If you accept that there was no chance of your request passing at that time then you do n't need to do anything .
In shallow water you may find lobsters and crabs .
All mammals go through the zygote stage of life .
Bosanci is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Since then the group has developed a global image and commercial brand overseen by Antin , Interscope and various partners . They have diversified into reality television programs , a Las Vegas act and product endorsements amongst other things .
Subdivisions The Union Council of Goreeni is divided into the following areas : Bagla , Bajarian , Banwari , Danah , Goreeni , Kotal , Palasi and Surna Garhage .
Brighton is a city in East Sussex .
A pivotal moment in the history of Canterbury Cathedral was the murder of Thomas Becket in the north-east transept on Tuesday 29 December 1170 by knights of King Henry II .
Approximately 90 % of West Nile Virus infections in humans are without any symptoms .
William Cavendish , 4th Duke of Devonshire , KG , PC ( 8 May 1720 -- 2 October 1764 ) , styled Lord Cavendish before 1729 and Marquess of Hartington between 1729 and 1755 , was a British Whig statesman who was briefly titular Prime Minister of Great Britain . He was the first son of William Cavendish , 3rd Duke of Devonshire and Catherine Hoskins .
For example , on 16 April 2007 , Knut was removed from display due to teething pains resulting from the growth of his right upper canine tooth , but initial reports vaguely stated that he was suffering from an unknown illness and subsequently put on antibiotics .
Northfields , opened 16 April 1908 by the District ( one of the two depots is here and some trains terminate here ) ; first served by the Piccadilly line 9 January 1933 .
Although it was not the first commercial jet in service , the 707 was among the first to be commercially successful .
There are around 6,500 to 10,000 known species , nearly all of which are marine , with about 200 that only live in fresh water .
Monchiet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After the war , the diary was retrieved by Anne 's father , Otto Frank , the only known survivor of the family .
Vera Menchik ( ; ) ( 16 February 1906 -- 27 June 1944 ) was a British-Czech chess player who gained renown as the world 's first women 's chess champion .
After Zeami succeeded his father , he continued to perform and adapt his style into what is today Noh - a mixture of pantomime and vocal acrobatics .
K ch 1 , on the 12th day of the 5th month (/O1261/O) : Nichiren was exiled to It in Izu .
The city of Amritsar ( population , 162,429 in 1901 ) was the head quarters .
Hemichordates are a phylum composed of two classes the enteropneusts and the pterobranchs , both are forms of marine worm .
September 17 -- Battle of Myriokephalon : The Seljuk Turks defeat Manuel I Comnenus .
Shawn Hernandez ( born February 11 , 1973 ) is an American professional wrestler of Mexican and Puerto Rican descent , better known by his ring names , '' Hotstuff Hernandez '' and '' Hernandez '' .
The Canadian Hurricane Centre ( CHC ) is a division of the Meteorological Service of Canada , an agency of Canada 's Department of the Environment , which exists to advise Canadians on the threat of tropical cyclones such as hurricanes and tropical storms .
A Cage of Nightingales ( French : La Cage aux rossignols ) is a 1945 French film directed by Jean Dréville .
It is a seaport located on the east coast of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia .
Mean sea level ( MSL ) is a measure of the average height of the ocean 's surface ( such as the halfway point between the mean high tide and the mean low tide ) ; used as a standard in reckoning land elevation .
Phyllopteryx taeniolatus , the Weedy Seadragon or Common Seadragon , is a marine fish related to the seahorse .
A second child , Riccardo , did not survive , because of complications at the time of birth in January 2003 .
The '' thief '' mentioned in the song refers to the tumor . The short clip at the end of the song consisting of a young girl singing a Sunday school song is a real audio clip of Mina Kim singing '' Little By Little '' with Maida 's wife Chantal Kreviazuk .
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
On all but his earliest recordings , he is credited as ` Nilsson ' and is known for the hit singles '' Without You '' , '' I Guess The Lord Must Be In New York City '' , '' Everybody 's Talkin ' , '' '' Coconut '' and '' Jump into the Fire '' .
Zvonimir Boban ( ; born 8 October 1968 in Imotski ) is a Croatian former football midfielder who played most of his professional career for Serie A club Milan and was a member of the Croatia national team , which he captained to third place at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
When he was seven months old , he sawed the legs off his parents ' bed in the middle of the night .
Bearded dragons come in a wide variety of colors , including brown , gray , reddish-brown , red , yellow , white and orange .
and Mario Kart DS , and two each from Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart : Super Circuit , and up to twelve characters can participate in a race .
After his praetorship , Caesar was appointed to govern Spain , but he was still in considerable debt and needed to satisfy his creditors before he could leave .
Situated in the northern extremity of North America and covering about 1424500 k , this group of 36,563 islands comprises much of the territory of Northern Canada - most of Nunavut and part of the Northwest Territories .
The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the early Cretaceous .
( The list includes top japanese industrialists such as the likes of Akio Morita the co-founder of Sony Corp ) Deming 's message to Japan 's chief executives : improving quality will reduce expenses while increasing productivity and market share .
In August 2007 , Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands , like Monopoly , Littlest Pet Shop , and Nerf .
The game was very well received by the gaming press , the PS2 version earned a rare perfect 10 score from GameSpot , one of only seven games to ever receive said score .
Le Locheur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He took his first victory in only his fourth race in the series with a commanding win at Monaco .
A contributor 's access to perform certain actions in Wikipedia is determined by various flags on their account , some of which are automatic and others of which must be given to them manually .
