The Cistercian convent of Port-Royal is established .
After his professional baseball career ended , Richard became involved in unsuccessful business deals and went through two divorces , which led to him being homeless and destitute in 1994 .
Johannes Rau ( 16 January 1931 -- 27 January 2006 ) was a German politician of the SPD .
, U.S.
URAWA RED DIAMONDS OFFICIAL WEBSITE
Zuko throws himself in front of her and intercepts the lightning , preventing Katara from getting hurt , but he gravely injures himself after he fails to correctly redirect the lightning .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
Brigg ( formerly Glanford Brigg ) in North Lincolnshire , England , is a small market town on the River Ancholme with a population of 5,076 in 2,213 households ( 2001 UK census ) .
The term '' neon lamp '' is generally extended to lamps with similar design that operate with different gases . Neon glow lamps were very common in the displays of electronic instruments through the 1970s ; the basic design of neon lamps is now incorporated in contemporary plasma displays .
Allegedly , the TOS only applies to the website , vuze.com , and not the software , however the actual TOS include the application as part of the platform .
Captieux is a village and commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Part III deals with the House of Representatives .
The Capital Market ( Equities ) segment of the NSE commenced operations in November 1994 , while operations in the Derivatives segment commenced in June 2000 .
He is also called James the Greater to distinguish him from James , son of Alphaeus , who is also known as James the Less .
Tom Westman 's wife told him to wear swim trunks as underwear , for she remembered the Pearl Islands contestants , tricked into street clothes for all of that game .
In Saint Kitts and Nevis , the Queen 's official title is : Elizabeth the Second , by the Grace of God , Queen of Saint Christopher and Nevis and of Her other Realms and Territories , Head of the Commonwealth .
He played in two 1962 World Cup Qualification matches for the West German national team .
Jason Hsu was originally obese and unpopular in school .
According to the Boston Herald , country stars Faith Hill , Shania Twain , and Tim McGraw have all confessed to using Auto-Tune in performance , claiming it is a safety net that guarantees a good performance .
His early influences were New Orleans jazz clarinetists working in Chicago , notably Johnny Dodds , Leon Roppolo , and Jimmy Noone .
One side of the formation is a cliff about 200 f high .
The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year during which it is given a chance to showcase its cultural life and cultural development .
The Act of Parliament which founded board schools permitted the reading of the Bible , but did not permit any denominational doctrine to be taught .
Paine won , but Chambers vowed revenge and used his strong connections with King George III to create a new artistic body , the Royal Academy , in 1768 .
Queen Victoria of England ( 1819 -- 1901 ) had a billiard table that was heated using zinc tubes , although the aim at that time was chiefly to keep the then-used ivory balls from warping .
He is also known for his dedication to a credo of critical thinking that challenged all normative assumptions : '' ask the next question . ''
At the age of sixteen he was apprenticed to an apothecary , his father 's profession , subsequently becoming an apothecary himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrichs IV .
Especially in the midwestern US , wild ( perennial ) species are often found in corn and soybean fields and can have a negative impact on yields .
On 20 August 1589 , Anne was married by proxy to James at Kronborg Castle , the ceremony ending with James 's representative , George Keith , 5th Earl Marischal , sitting next to Anne on the bridal bed .
More than any other single event , the attack on Lindisfarne cast a shadow on the perception of the Vikings for the next twelve centuries .
Marinho Chagas , real name Francisco das Chagas Marinho , ( born February 8 , 1952 in Natal ) is a Brazilian former football player .
Modern epidemiological methods are closely linked to current concepts of disease and public health policy .
Texas Tech University , often referred to as Texas Tech or TTU , is a public , coeducational , research university in Lubbock , Texas , United States .
The newly formed union council of Bagnotar is situated in the central part of Abbottabad District in Abbottabad Tehsil , and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district .
However , there are concerns that there may presently be only 350 breeding females .
Wrestlers competed in single matches , and the wrestler to win a match in the shortest amount of time would then become the number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship at the Royal Rumble .
The study of heredity in biology is called genetics , which includes the field of epigenetics .
The Arapaho language or hinono ` eitiit ( also '' Arapahoe Language '' and hiinonoei ` tiit ) is a Plains Algonquian language ( an areal rather than genetic grouping ) spoken almost entirely by elders in Wyoming , and to a much lesser extent in Oklahoma .
Later life After his '' release '' from the sharashka in 1947 , Theremin volunteered to remain working with the KGB until 1966 .
He died just under a year later .
They made thirteen albums and a lot of films .
These views and his intervention in '' temporal '' affairs led to many bitter quarrels with the Emperor Albert I of Habsburg ( 1291 - 1298 ) , the powerful family of the Colonnas , with Philip IV of France ( 1285 - 1314 ) and with Dante Alighieri ( who wrote De Monarchia to argue against it ) .
Virgin prairie refers to prairie land that has never been plowed .
In the Anglican tradition , the sacerdotal function is assigned to clergy in the three orders of ministry : bishops , priests and deacons .
The small blind is posted by the player to the left of the dealer and is usually equal to half of the big blind .
In May 2007 , Prada joined forces with mobile phone maker LG Electronics to produce the LG Prada KE850 phone .
It varies in intensity ; good quality oregano is so strong that it almost numbs the tongue , but the cultivars adapted to colder climates have often unsatisfactory flavor .
On the night of 9 and 10 August Pottinger and a party of police surrounded the house of Gardiner 's mistress , Kate Brown , but the bushranger escaped when Pottinger 's pistol misfired .
Age of Mythology ( commonly abbreviated as AoM ) , is a mythology-based , real-time strategy computer game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios .
Dedre Gentner 's publications page , most of them on analogy and available for download .
The current championship , founded by Indianapolis Motor Speedway owner Tony George , began in 1996 as a competitor to CART known as the Indy Racing League ( IRL ) .
Incubi and succubi were said by some not to be different sexes , but the same demons able to change their sex .
Giampiero Pinzi ( born March 11 , 1981 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Udinese .
MARF may act as a library in applications or be used as a source for learning and extension .
Fawcett was a sex symbol whose iconic poster , released the same year Charlie 's Angels premiered , broke sales records , making her an international pop culture icon . Her hairstyle was emulated by millions of young women in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Her government was sworn in on 28 October 2009 .
Wikipedia 's neutral point of view policy states that all articles must represent views fairly and without bias , and conflicts of interest may significantly and negatively affect Wikipedia 's ability to fulfill this requirement .
Likewise , animals domesticated for home companionship are usually called pets while those domesticated for food or work are called livestock or farm animals .
The Province of Caltanissetta ( Italian : Provincia di Caltanissetta ; Sicilian : Pruvincia di Caltanissetta ) is a province in the southern part of Sicily , Italy .
He married Infanta Isabella , the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid and became jure uxoris King of Castile when Isabella succeeded her brother as Queen of Castile in 1474 .
Purbeck Marble is a fossiliferous limestone quarried in the Isle of Purbeck , a peninsula in south-east Dorset , England .
Gergny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
There is evidence from bones and flint tools found in coastal deposits near Happisburgh in Norfolk and Pakefield in Suffolk that a species of Homo was present in what is now Britain around 700,000 years ago .
The area remains affluent and has attracted wealthy people who own second homes in the area or have chosen to retire there .
Initially created by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin , the series was developed for its first four years by the video game company Naughty Dog .
During the next 10 days much difficult country was traversed but they then came to more level and open land , and on 16 December they sighted Port Phillip in the distance .
Natural bristles are preferred for oil-based paints and varnishes , while synthetic brushes are better for water-based paints as the bristles do not expand when wetted .
A Diwan of Hyder Ali , named Mohammed Ali , and a tax collector were troubling the farmers in the collection of the taxes in the Kongu area .
Park Ji-Sung ( Hangul : ; Hanja : ; ; born 25 February 1981 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays for the English club Manchester United and is the captain of the South Korean national team .
When Bayne was 15 years old , he moved to the USAR Hooters Pro Cup Series Southern Division , in which he received the highest rookie honors .
Owen Robert Spencer-Thomas MBE is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades , but he has also done a wide range of philanthropric work as volunteer charity fundraiser , pioneer and campaigner for people with autism and other disabiliies .
Its uplands make up a triangle nested within the familiar downward-pointing triangle of the Indian sub-continent 's coastline .
Chandpur is the confluence of two of the mightiest rivers of Bangladesh .
An American flag is flown on the jet bridge from which Flight 11 departed Logan Airport .
The larynx ( plural larynges ) , colloquially known as the voicebox , is an organ in the neck of mammals involved in protection of the trachea and sound production .
Systems Management Server can be used to upgrade multiple computers to Windows 2000 . These must be running Windows NT 3.51 , Windows NT 4.0 , Windows 98 or Windows 95 OSR2 .
A license is gives permission ( allows ) to a person or company to do something that they otherwise could not do .
The state was admitted to the Union on August 21 , 1959 .
The city is located in the Silesian Highlands , on the K odnica river ( a tributary of the Oder ) .
He was a member of an illustrious family , one of his relatives was a painter and engraver , and his nephew Julio Caro Baroja was a well known anthropologist .
The graph always lies above the x-axis but can get arbitrarily close to it for negative x ; thus , the x-axis is a horizontal asymptote .
co. uk In 1848 , the first rules were written by pupils ; other significant events in the early development of rugby include the Blackheath Club 's decision to leave the Football Association in 1863 and the split between rugby union and rugby league in 1895 .
However , he also stated that because of the album being the band 's major-label debut , '' maybe the fuller sound and occasional forays into acoustic guitars and cello overdubs ... are OK . ''
Catastrophism is the idea that Earth has been affected in the past by sudden , short-lived , violent events , possibly worldwide in scope .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
A pacemaker ( or artificial pacemaker , so as not to be confused with the heart 's natural pacemaker ) is a medical device which uses electrical impulses , delivered by electrodes contacting the heart muscles , to regulate the beating of the heart .
Although several M ori names have been used , Maori Language Commissioner Erima Henare sees Te Wai Pounamu as the most likely choice .
An acre is an area that is one furlong long and one chain ( 22 yards ) wide .
A Financial Times published on 31 May 1983 found that '' Bahrain is a polyglot state , both religiously and racially .
Deriving its name from the roadside gas station in the fictional town of Dog River , Saskatchewan , Corner Gas is the only gas station for 60 kilometres ( 37 miles ) in any direction .
(/O1979/O) .
The current design of the Union Flag dates from the union of Ireland and Great Britain in 1801 .
Villiers-Charlemagne is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
By the end of the battle ( December 1916 ) the French Second Army had rolled back the German forces around Verdun , but not quite to their initial positions of February 1916 .
Germany In Germany , kreisfreie Stadt is the equivalent term for a city which is responsible for the local and the Kreis ( district ) administrative level ( the British counties having no directly corresponding counterpart in Germany ) .
Dhuizel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kapingamarangi is an atoll and a municipality in the state of Pohnpei of the Federated States of Micronesia .
A spiral galaxy is a certain kind of galaxy originally described by Edwin Hubble in his 1936 work The Realm of the Nebulae and , as such , forms part of the Hubble sequence .
The next major period in Japanese history was the Muromachi Period , pointing to the rise of , centered around the elegant cultural world of Ashikaga Yoshimitsu and his villa in the northern hills of Kyoto , and later during this period , the rise of Higashiyama Culture , centered around the cultural world of Ashikaga Yoshimasa and his retirement villa in the eastern hills of Kyoto .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
During 1996 Edwards went into the Olympic Games as favorite and world record holder , but it was American Kenny Harrison who took the gold with a jump of 18.09 m. Edwards walked away with the silver after a leap of 17.88 m ( the longest ever jump not to win gold ) .
The film received mixed reviews from critics but was very successful commercially , opening at number one at the box office in the United States , the United Kingdom , and China .
Charly-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Italian unification of 1860 led to the dissolution of this kingdom , and Sicily became an autonomous part of the Kingdom of Italy .
It lies about from the over 3,300 metres high Theodul Pass bordering Italy .
Punta Gorda is a city in Charlotte County , Florida , United States .
Late on August 15 , the warning was extended to San Luis Pass , while the watch in Mexico was discontinued .
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
Any chance to return was erased in 1958 when motor racing was banned by the Swiss government as an unsafe spectator sport following the death of 80 people at the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans race .
The term is sometimes used for similar devices filled with other noble gases , usually to produce different colors .
Currently , the largest professional wrestling company worldwide is the United States-based World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which absorbed many smaller regional companies in the late twentieth century , as well as its primary competitors in early 2001 , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) and Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) . Other prominent professional wrestling companies are Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) and Ring of Honor ( ROH ) .
Several seals discovered at Indus Valley Civilization ( c. 3300 - 1700 BCE ) sites in Pakistan depict figures in positions resembling a common yoga or meditation pose , showing '' a form of ritual discipline , suggesting a precursor of yoga , '' according to archaeologist Gregory Possehl .
Redwall was written for the children of the Royal Wavertree School for the Blind , whom he refers to as his '' special friends '' .
Despite the fact that the bassist Kalma appears on the front cover , all bass guitars were played by the former bassist Magnum , who left after the recording and before the release of the album .
Including his time serving as the 13th Secretary of Defense under Ford from 1975 to 1977 , Rumsfeld is the second-longest-serving Secretary of Defense in history , falling nine days short of the term of the longest-serving Pentagon chief , the Vietnam-era Secretary of Defense , Robert McNamara .
It was the Windsor residence of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother from 1952 until her death there in 2002 .
Within 24 hours of going on sale , the game sold more than 7 million copies , 5.6 million in the U.S. and 1.4 million in the UK , breaking the record set by its predecessor Modern Warfare 2 by some 2.5 million copies .
Bolsover ( pronounced by locals as '' BowZer '' ) is a town in Derbyshire , England , near Chesterfield .
The Spache Readability Formula is a readability test for writing in English , designed by George Spache .
The lyrics to the song contain historical and Christian references , and the track is built around a repeating string section with a percussion background .
Wingles is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan is a 1982 motion picture released by Paramount Pictures .
Regardless , all Britpop artists projected a sense of reverence for the sounds of the past .
Faith Fairfield ( Ripa ) was Hope 's sister and a soap opera star whose character was killed off , leading her to move in with Hope 's family .
For the British businessman see : Nicholas van Hoogstraten For the Dutch painter and author , see : Samuel van Hoogstraten Hoogstraten is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The post was created with the formation of the Department of Housing and Urban Development on September 9 , 1965 , by President Lyndon B. Johnson 's signing of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act ( ) into law .
Iron ( or ) is a chemical element with the symbol Fe ( ) and atomic number 26 .
-- )
At an early age Handel became a skillful performer on the harpsichord and pipe organ .
Montviette is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Julen Lopetegui Argote ( born August 28 , 1966 in Asteasu , Gipuzkoa ) is a former Spanish football goalkeeper and a current manager .
Attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
His performance was stated as being one of his best drives to date .
The event is to commemorate the 1964 Race Riots , which took place on 21 July 1964 .
Fareins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Red , the dominant color of the emblem , is an important color in Chinese society , often signifying good luck .
Miami Heat ( 2005 -- 2008 )
In 1904 , at the age of 24 , Keller graduated from Radcliffe , becoming the first deaf blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
February 24 -- Charles Howard , 1st Earl of Carlisle , English politician and military leader ( b. 1629 )
The Chola dynasty ( , ) was a Tamil dynasty which was one of the longest-ruling in some parts of southern India .
Byron Aldemar Moreno Ruales ( born November 23 , 1969 in Quito ) is a former Ecuadorian football referee , best known for officiating the Italy vs South Korea match in the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
Fishkill is an affluent suburban town in the southwest part of Dutchess County , New York , USA .
MotorStorm holds the Guinness World Record for the biggest variety of vehicles in a racing game - players are in control of seven different types of vehicles throughout the game : bikes , ATVs , buggies , rally cars , racing trucks , mudpluggers and big rigs .
Also , vaginal bleeding in the third trimester , heavy pressure in the pelvis , or abdominal or back pain could be indicators that a preterm birth is about to occur .
Lavenay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
George Hainsworth ( June 26 , 1895 -- October 9 , 1950 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Samuel Eto'o Fils ( ; born 10 March 1981 ) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie A club Internazionale and is currently captain of the Cameroon national team .
On 8 November 2007 , the FIA announced that the Renault F1 team would be summoned before the FIA World Motorsport Council to answer a charge of possession of confidential information relating to the 2006 and 2007 McLaren Formula One cars .
The capital city of Seoul is also the country 's largest city and chief industrial center .
They have two sons -- Milo Arthur ( born 1995 ) and Theodore Apollo ( born 1999 ) -- and two daughters -- Lara Lettice ( born 1993 ) and Cassia Peaches ( born 1997 ) .
Queen is the debut album by British rock group Queen , released in July 1973 .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
They can also flip their muscular body to catapult themselves up to 2 feet ( 60 cm ) into the air .
The station services Melbourne 's government district , and is underneath the Parliament House of Victoria and the intersection of busy Bourke Street with Spring Street , at the eastern end of the CBD .
Isigny-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Jack Davenport ( born 1 March 1973 ) is an English actor , best known for his role in This Life .
Jiminy is a cheerful cricket who acts as Pinocchio 's '' conscience '' and the partial narrator of the story .
The appellation Driekoningen ( the Three Kings ) is also often found in 17th - and 18th-century Dutch star charts and seaman 's guides .
ROTC in the Republic of Korea started in 1963 .
In 1890 , Tagore began managing his family 's vast estates in Shilaidaha , a region now in Bangladesh ; he was joined by his wife and children in 1898 .
Allmusic writer William Ruhlmann said that '' Linkin Park sounds like a Johnny-come-lately to an already overdone musical style '' and called '' One Step Closer '' '' a typical effort '' , referring to the lyrics of the song 's chorus .
Pattan Kalan is located in the eastern edge of Abbottabad district where it forms part of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa 's border with Muzaffarabad District , Kashmir .
On 2007 , StarHub Cable Television was rebranded as StarHub TV .
The Lachlan River is a significant river in central New South Wales , Australia .
During this time , she worked as a librarianLibrarianLibrarianThe Wire - Librarian Rolling Stone - Librarian and , with her then-husband David Taylor , ran a restaurant called '' Passepartout '' in Penrith , Cumbria , England before returning to music professionally in the 1990s .
Marine One is the call sign of any United States Marine Corps aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
In 1989 , after the Communists left Romania , Romanias ' economy was in very bad shape .
The current 900 model currently being sold in Europe is known as the Claas Jaguar 900 Green Eye .
The color byzantium , a dark shade of purple , is displayed at right .
According to two of Tchaikovsky 's relatives- his nephew Yuri Lvovich Davydov and his niece Anna Meck-Davydov - the composer had earlier created a little ballet called The Lake of the Swans at their home in 1871 .
From medieval times up to the beginning of the 19th century , every British town and city of any note had a band of Waites .
Nowadays it is usually made from talc ( magnesium silicate ) .
Even Carnivora like the meerkat and Marsupials are burrowers .
During the Age of Sail , corvettes were smaller than frigates and larger than sloops-of-war , usually with a single gun deck .
His best known work , All Quiet on the Western Front ( Im Westen nichts Neues ) was written in a few months in 1927 , but Remarque was not immediately able to find a publisher .
Unlike other awards given through a process or from one editor to another in a show of appreciation , this is one award that is intended to be given to yourself , though it can also be given by a second party .
It was originally scored for a chamber group of flute\/piccolo , clarinet ( B flat and C ) , two pianos , glass harmonica , xylophone , two violins , viola , cello and double bass , but is usually performed today with a full orchestra of strings , and with a glockenspiel substituting for the rare glass harmonica .
In computational complexity theory , the Cook -- Levin theorem , also known as Cook 's theorem , states that the Boolean satisfiability problem is NP-complete .
March 22 , 1993 : Vancouver 's ninth round choice in 1993 Entry Draft traded from Vancouver to Winnipeg for Dan Ratushny .
Baruch Spinoza ( Baruch Shpinoza , , ) and later Benedict Spinoza ( November 24 , 1632 - February 21 , 1677 ) was a Dutch Jewish philosopher .
bar :1861 text :1861
Occasionally , this term is used as an insult , implying in a derogatory way that a person would prefer a sex toy to an actual sexual partner .
Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of olivines and pyroxenes on the surface , ( 5 ) and there is some indication that there may be compositional differences between different regions It orbits close to the Hygiea asteroid family , but is not a member .
Classification The Murids are classified in 4 subfamilies , around 140 genera and approximately 650 species .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
Douriez is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His organ works comprise a central part of the standard organ repertoire and are frequently performed at recitals and church services .
Kanye Omari West ( ; born June 8 , 1977 ) is an American rapper , singer , and record producer .
Digital rights management is being used by companies such as Sony , Apple Inc. , Microsoft and the BBC .
Edward Kennedy '' Duke '' Ellington ( April 29 , 1899 -- May 24 , 1974 ) was an American composer , pianist , and big band leader .
Chakswari is known for its excellent shopping areas and its large shopping plazas for which most of the wholesale shops are located .
In rolling elections , or runoff votes , where some voters have information about previous voters ' preferences ( e.g. presidential primaries in the United States , French presidential elections ) , candidates put disproportionate resources into competing strongly in the first few stages , because those stages affect the reaction of later stages .
Emerson got his big break in 1997 when he starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman 's critically acclaimed off-Broadway play , Gross Indecency : The Trials of Oscar Wilde , and then followed up with several other notable stage performances .
Mount Pleasant is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Isabella County .
Support Wikipedia
Apollo 11 landed on the moon on July 20 , 1969 with astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin , while Michael Collins orbited above .
The new engine was underpowered and driver Pierluigi Martini finished only two races , although he was also classified 11th at the German Grand Prix despite stopping with engine problems .
Since the mid-1990s , the chain has moved into other areas , including speciality and premium items such as flavored cappuccino , iced cappuccino , iced coffee , New York-style cheesecake , and a lunch selection that includes soups , chili , and submarine-style sandwiches .
The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph ( 225 km/h ) , 4.54 MW/6 ,300 hp electric locomotives ordered as a component of the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s .
On 27 September , a Junkers Ju 88 returning from a raid on London was shot down in Kent , resulting in the Battle of Graveney Marsh , the last action between British and foreign military forces on British mainland soil .
Statistics of The Football League in season 2001 -- 02 .
Performing arts include the dance , music , opera , drama , magic , Spoken word and circus arts .
Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions ( bibhag ) , each named after its respective capital .
The global model guidance initially failed to resolve the storm 's track well , with some models indicating that it would stall offshore .
Wulguru is a suburb of Townsville , Queensland .
To this day , any town crier in the British Commonwealth is protected under old English law that they are not to be hindered or heckled while performing their duties .
The subject wakes abruptly from slow-wave sleep , with waking usually accompanied by gasping , moaning , or screaming while waking .
Several communities in the region declared states of emergencies .
Their mission , as stated in their 5 year plan published in 2006 , has three points .
Donald Fauntleroy Duck is an American cartoon character from The Walt Disney Company .
The White House Chief of Staff is the highest ranking member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States and a senior aide to the President .
Polydeuces was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Team on October 24 , 2004 , in images taken on October 21 , 2004 , C.C. Porco , et al. , IAUC 8432 : Satellites and Rings of Saturn November 8 , 2004 ( discovery ) Porco , C. C. ; et al .
Park Road , Holmesdale Road and Whitehourse Lane hold Selhurst Park where Crystal Palace FC plays .
The fast-moving tropical depression quickly dissipated over land .
Along with several Interandean Valles , they are typically dominated by deciduous woodland , shrub and xeric vegetation , reaching the extreme in the slopes near the virtually lifeless Atacama Desert .
The chip commercially debuted with the release of Apple 's iPad tablet ; followed shortly by the iPhone 4 smartphone , the 4th generation iPod Touch and the 2nd generation Apple TV . It was superseded in the second-generation iPad , released the following year , by the Apple A5 processor .
Deceptively named , carrot cake more closely resembles a quick bread in method of preparation ( all the wet ingredients , such as the eggs and sugar , are mixed together , all the dry ingredients are mixed together , and the wet are then added to the dry ) and final consistency ( which is usually denser than a traditional cake and has a coarser crumb ) .
league = Campeonato Brasileiro Série B
After several months of media speculation , it was announced via the MTV News website that Luckett and Roberson had created a new group called Anjel .
Alex Stone ( Carl Betz ) is a pediatrician with an office in the Stone house .
Sains-en-Gohelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He sang regularly at the Royal Opera House and other major opera houses in Europe and the United States .
Kirby , Ohio
As a music scholar and organist , he studied the music of German composer Johann Sebastian Bach and influenced the Organ reform movement ( Orgelbewegung ) .
Ian Stevenson .
It is an important economic insect since it is the producer of silk .
The IRT was purchased by the City in June 1940 .
Tonbridge Grammar School for Girls began in 1905 with just 13 girls as pupils on the top floor of Tonbridge Library .
In 1927 , Avery pushed for the creation of the U.S. Highway 66 Association to promote paving U.S. 66 and promote travel on the highway .
Wilhelm Busch ( 15 April 1832 -- 9 January 1908 ) was a German caricaturist , painter , and poet who is famed for his satirical picture stories with rhymed texts .
The hosting by Atlanta was rescheduled from 2005 , when a lockout canceled the entire 2004 -- 05 season .
Moreover , as a non-creedal religion , some have argued that Judaism does not require one to believe in God .
It was 100 % contained on October 22 , after burning .
Players can interact with the environment and engage in combat with enemies , using various firearms .
There are 900 to 1,000 extant species of chitons in the class , which was formerly known as Amphineura .
Additionally , things can be causes of one another , reciprocally causing each other , as hard work causes fitness , and vice versa - although not in the same way or by means of the same function : the one is as the beginning of change , the other is as its goal .
i hbar frac { partial } { partial t } is the energy operator ( i is the imaginary unit and hbar is the reduced Planck constant ) ,
The cricetids are small mammals , ranging from just 5 - in length and 7 g in weight in the New World Pygmy Mouse up to 41 - and 1100 g in the Muskrat .
A dark courtyard Leporello abandons Elvira .
A live CD , live DVD , or live disc is a CD or DVD containing a bootable computer operating system .
It was bounded by ( from the south and clockwise ) the Czech Republic and the districts of Vogtlandkreis , Zwickauer Land , Stollberg and Annaberg .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
The pooled LEs can then be concatenated together into virtual disk partitions called logical volumes or LVs .
Frederick Coyett , the governor of Taiwan for the company , was stationed in Fort Zeelandia with 1,800 men ; his subordinate Valentyn was in charge of Fort Provintia and its garrison of 500 men .
September 5 & ndash ; The Qing Chinese admiral Shi Lang receives the formal surrender of Zheng Keshuang , ushering in the collapse of the Kingdom of Tungning , which is then incorporated into the Qing Empire .
Like many local radio stations in Ireland , it mainly broadcasts country music and classic hits .
It is the second game in the Mario and Luigi RPG series , and is the sequel to Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga for the Game Boy Advance .
Popocatépetl is one of the most violent volcanoes in Mexico , having had more than 20 major eruptions since the arrival of the Spanish in 1519 .
Basil was approached by a friend who worked in the theater on the West End of London during casting .
The stadium plays host to the home matches of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell .
Tomoji Eguchi is a retired Japanese footballer .
Dependent upon the design basis being used , often National Fire Protection Association Guideline 68 , the definition of these may vary somewhat .
Ernest '' Ernie '' Arthur Coombs , CM ( November 26 , 1927 & ndash ; September 18 , 2001 ) was a children 's entertainer , best known for the long-running Canadian television series Mr. Dressup .
The most promising of these was a skull of an odd ape-creature sharing human traits such as eye orbits , teeth , and , most importantly , the hole at the base of the skull over the spinal column ( the foramen magnum ) indicating a human-like posture .
The indigenous peoples of the east who use their original language tend to also speak Spanish and/or English , the main languages being Miskito language , Sumo language , and Rama language .
Born in Bristol , he was the son of noted Methodist and hymn-writer Charles Wesley , the grandson of Samuel Wesley ( a poet of the late Stuart period ) and the nephew of John Wesley , the founder of the Methodist church .
The Cat Who Brought Down the House (/O2003/O)
His first musical influences were Blind Lemon Jefferson and Howlin ' Wolf , but he was taught to play the guitar by his mother .
Ciara released her third album , Fantasy Ride , which featured the hit '' Love Sex Magic '' , in 2009 .
Pace P. Nielsen , '' Odd perfect numbers have at least nine different prime factors '' , Mathematics of Computation , in press , 2006 .
The central span of 200 feet ( 61 m ) between the towers is split into two equal bascules or leaves , which can be raised to an angle of 83 degrees to allow river traffic to pass .
Champagné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Trenchard is recognized today as one of the early advocates of strategic bombing .
Yoshi Tatsu is a pro for season 5 of NXT Redemption training Byron Saxton .
September 27 - NASA 's Dawn spacecraft is launched .
Interstate 76 ( west ) , a highway in northeastern Colorado and ( minimally ) western Nebraska , USA
By a Bangladeshi government ordinance on October 2 , 1983 , the project was transformed into an independent bank .
In 2007 , Stefanie Sun sang the official theme song for ASEAN 's 40th anniversary celebrations : Rise Again .13 TH ASEAN SUMMIT In May 2009 , Stefanie Sun starts her new world tour '' The Answer is ... '' with her first stop being Taiwan .
It is a low-growing perennial shrub growing to 20 t tall , or rarely to 1 m and taller , and is found widely in Europe and Asia Minor on acidic soils in open sunny situations and in moderate shade .
Dianthus is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae , native mainly to Europe and Asia , with a few species extending south to north Africa , and one species ( D. repens ) in arctic North America .
these '' qualitative losses '' are more difficult to assess than quantitative ones .
Scottsdale has a main branch and four branches within the Scottsdale Public Library System .
Abbotsford is the largest municipality by area in British Columbia .
Retrieved 3 January 2007 .
The Daily Collegian
The Making of My Fair Lady , Mosaic Press .
His uncle was Carlo Borromeo , later Saint Charles Borromeo .
The first person interred , Geoffrey Chaucer , owed his burial there in 1400 more to his position as Clerk of Works of the Palace of Westminster than to his fame as a writer .
The best way to test for human seminal plasma sensitivity is to use a condom during intercourse .
Both books give an impression of how food was prepared and served in the noble classes of England at that time .
Both charts are produced and published by the Ultratop organization .
The Shire had a population of 15,754 It should not be confused with another New South Wales town named Corowa .
C.
The Sandie River ( ) is a river in Taiwan .
He has authored two novels : '' The Creation from a loose '' ( 1994 ) , '' The Gardener of Dooms '' ( 2000 ) and a number of an essay on medieval history and the Russian literature of 20th century .
In 1571 , Foxe edited an edition of the Anglo-Saxon gospels , in parallel with the Bishop 's Bible translation , under the patronage of Archbishop Parker , who was interested in Anglo-Saxon and whose chaplain , John Jocelyn was an Anglo-Saxon scholar .
In 2002 , King returned to soaps as Luis Alcazar on General Hospital for a few months in 2002 until his character was murdered by Alexis Davis ( Nancy Lee Grahn ) .
Caesar Augustus Rodney ( January 4 , 1772 - June 10 , 1824 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington , in New Castle County , Delaware .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Although neither of the '' New Songs '' appear on the album themselves , '' The End of the Line '' and '' All Nightmare Long '' both contain elements of '' The New Song '' .
He was a member of the Academy of Esperanto and an honorary member of the World Esperanto Association , writing several books ( essays and novels ) in that language .
Percy discovers the bolt had appeared in his backpack and flees from the Underworld , forced to leave his mother behind .
Person vs. Him or Herself is the theme in literature that places a character against his or her own will , confusion , or fears .
In early 1997 , following the release of the Nightwish demo , Jukka '' Julius '' Nevalainen joined the band , and acoustic guitar was replaced with electric guitar .
This plant is common in the Western United States .
He also took Thomas Worrall and Harry Wilson to Paris as his assistants ; this is the first known case where seconds were used in a match .
Major secondary schools are the Nepomucenum , the Heriburg-Gymnasium and the St.-Pius-Gymnasium .
George Adamski ( April 17 , 1891 - April 23 , 1965 ) was a Polish-born American citizen who became widely known in ufology circles , and to some degree in popular culture , after he claimed to have photographed ships from other planets , met with friendly Nordic alien '' Space Brothers '' , and to have taken flights with them .
It was also revealed that the wearers of the necklaces will be ensured that they will have a tribe ; because the last man and woman that was n't picked to join any tribe will automatically go home .
The season began on October 2 , 2009 ; with a pair of games against the Florida Panthers in Helsinki , Finland ; and ended on June 9 , 2010 ; when the Blackhawks defeated the Philadelphia Flyers , 4 games to 2 , in the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals , giving the organization its first NHL championship since 1961 and fourth overall .
The fleet comprised six ships : one Royal Navy escort , four convict ships , and a supply ship .
It was during his time at Wheaton that Graham decided to accept the Bible as the infallible word of God .
The Danube Delta ( ; ) is the second largest river delta in Europe , after the Volga Delta , and is the best preserved on the continent Danube Delta - UNESCO World Heritage Centre .
As of 1999 , the dates of 31 samples from the cave had been reported .
Lando Calrissian is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
This class is polyphyletic , and consists of two clades : the Solenogastres and the caudofoveata .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
Adjacent to the stadium is the Manchester Regional Arena , which served as a warm-up track during the Commonwealth Games and is now a 6,178 capacity venue that hosts national athletics trials and formerly hosted Manchester City reserve team games .
Popularly nicknamed '' Pam '' , he was in government office almost continuously from 1807 until his death in 1865 , beginning his parliamentary career as a Tory and concluding it as a Liberal .
In 2003 , Bowyer raced a full season in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division Midwest Series , scoring one top-ten finish in 11 starts .
As a road cyclist , he has risen to prominence as a sprinter .
Krips was born in Vienna , Austria , and went on to become a pupil of Eusebius Mandyczewski and Felix Weingartner .
Their work included designing the Redstone ballistic missile , a variant of which , the Juno I , carried the first U.S. satellite and astronauts into space .
Vahan Totovents was born in Kharpert Totovents in Great Soviet Encyclopedia , Western Armenia ( modern Turkey ) .
The quartet have scored four number one singles and have released three number one albums in their native country , selling nearly 5 million CDs and DVDs there .
Theobald II , aka Thibaud IV Count of Champagne
The town 's principal industry was primarily weaving in the 1800s and early 1900s , however this declined when faced by competition from Glasgow .
Ratatouille ( ; French pronunciation : ) is a traditional French Proven & ccedil ; al stewed vegetable dish , originating in Nice .
The Lagrangian centrifugal force is derived without explicit use of a rotating frame of reference , but in the case of motion in a central potential the result is the same as the fictitious centrifugal force derived in a co-rotating frame .
He has also appeared in a series of films which were not as critically or commercially successful , such as Boat Trip (/O2002/O) , Norbit (/O2007/O) , and Daddy Day Camp (/O2007/O) , all of which had received extremely negative reviews and , with the exception of Norbit , all of which performed poorly at the box office .
Dysprosium is never found in nature as a free element , though it is found in various minerals , such as xenotime .
Vojvodina is more diverse than the rest of Serbia with more than 25 ethnic groups and six official languages .
A new spate of expansive building was therefore initiated with Bishop John Drokensford starting the proceedings by heightening of the central tower and beginning a dramatic eight-sided Lady chapel at the far east end , finished by 1326 .
Considered by many as a founder or precursor of 20th-century existentialism , his Notes from Underground ( 1864 ) , written in the embittered voice of the anonymous '' underground man '' , was called by Walter Kaufmann the '' best overture for existentialism ever written .
The vocabulary of the text consists of just fifty different words , of which 49 are monosyllabic ( the one exception being '' anywhere '' ) .
On this album Gary Louris shared more of the songwriting with Olson .
La Scala was originally illuminated with eighty-four oil lamps mounted on the palcoscenico and another thousand in the rest of theater .
As mosques are supposed to appeal to the community , they may also have additional facilities , from health clinics to libraries to gymnasiums , to serve the community .
On 16 January , the day before the 2011 Australian Open commenced , a number of players took part in the Rally for Relief which was held at Rod Laver Arena and attended by 15,000 people , which raised A$ 750,000 .
It is more common in the elderly .
Many preserved historical buildings are the evidence of the 770 years of its existence .
He was then sent to the gold mining town of Mount Egerton .
'' Introduction : Chanoyu , the Art of Tea '' in Urasenke Seattle Homepage Murata Juk is known in chanoyu history as the early developer of this , and therefore is generally counted as the founder of the Japanese '' way of tea '' .
As a boy , Clive is reputed to have climbed the tower of St Mary 's Parish Church in Market Drayton and perched on a gargoyle , frightening those down below .
Sergej Barbarez ( born 17 September 1971 ) is a former football attacking midfielder from Bosnia and Herzegovina .
It was debuted as one of two new songs by Rodgers on his 2007 tour of Britain , although it was unclear whether this new song had been written for the then upcoming Queen + Paul Rodgers album .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , producer , and creator of the animated series , The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom .
The Manning Wardles were delivered ahead of the lock-out , and Yeo and Taw were used in the final stages of construction .
'' Cop Killer '' is a 1992 song by American band Body Count , from its 1992 self-titled debut album .
To render the meaning of the Greek intensive verb , the early Latin translators of the New Testament , who had no corresponding verb in their language , felt the need to use the phrase '' gratia plena '' ( full of grace ) .
It forms a twin prime pair with thirty-one , which is also a primorial prime .
February 24 & ndash ; Wilhelm Grimm , German philologist and folklorist ( d. 1859 )
The term originated during the American Gilded Age of the late nineteenth century with the circulation battles between Joseph Pulitzer 's New York World and William Randolph Hearst 's New York Journal .
Lehaucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This marked Hardy 's third reign as Intercontinental Champion .
The mayor finally ordered a widespread evacuation of the island after midnight on August 18 , but by then , the bridges to the mainland were uncrossable .
'' Hey There Delilah '' ( Bonus Track ) - 3:52
The Polish national anthem has a mazurek rhythm but is too slow to be considered a mazurek .
It is centered on , near New Zealand 's Bounty Islands .
Platonic love is an affectionate relationship into which the sexual element does not enter , especially in cases where one might easily assume otherwise .
The Volkswagen Touareg is built in Bratislava , Slovakia . The manufacturing plant shares production with Touareg-cousins , the Porsche Cayenne , and the Audi Q7 .
The pure acid may be subsequently obtained by fractional distillation as an extremely explosive colorless liquid with an unpleasant smell .
He has written a series of books chronicling his experiences playing Captain Kirk and being a part of Star Trek as well as several co-written novels set in the Star Trek universe .
It is the main artery running north from Parliament Square , towards traditional Charing Cross , now at the southern end of Trafalgar Square and marked by the statue of Charles I , which is often regarded as the heart of London .
Congregationalist , Methodist , and Presbyterian churches united in 1925 to form the United Church of Canada , McManners , Oxford Illustrated History of Christianity .
Along with her sister , de Havilland is one of the last surviving female stars from 1930s Hollywood .
Loire-Atlantique ( formerly Loire-Inf érieure ) is a department on the west coast of France named after the Loire River and the Atlantic Ocean .
Tambourines come in many different shapes with the most common being circular It is found in many forms of music , Italian folk music , classical music , Roma music , Persian music , gospel music , pop music and rock music .
Acid throwing ( acid attack or vitriolage ) is a form of violent assault .
They later evolved into one of the first neo-Nazi rock bands , playing a leading role in the Rock Against Communism movement and becoming known as the most prominent white power skinhead band .
Gambon is a very private person , a '' non-starry star '' as Ayckbourn called him .
Depending on the definition used , as many as half of all animals have at least one parasitic phase in their life cycles , Price , P.W. 1980 .
He lost his first run for Congress in 1824 , but ran again in the next election .
Allen Hill 's pastorate was short lived at approximately 4 months .
Yoshi 's Island DSs reception was positive , being given high scores by some of the most prominent video game critics .
Although Septimius Severus successfully restored peace following the upheaval of the late 2nd century , the dynasty was disturbed by highly unstable family relationships , and constant political turmoil , foreshadowing the imminent Crisis of the Third Century .
Children can have one or more parents , but they must have two biological parents .
'' Layla '' is a song by blues-rock band Derek and the Dominos and the thirteenth track from their album Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs , originally released in December 1970 .
As the kimono has another name , the earliest kimonos were heavily influenced by traditional Han Chinese clothing , known today as , through Japanese embassies to China which resulted in extensive Chinese culture adoptions by Japan , as early as the fifth century ce .
Asked by publisher John Murray to review Emma , famed historical novelist Walter Scott wrote the longest and most thoughtful of these reviews , which was published anonymously in the March 1816 issue of the Quarterly Review .
The first ten Roman numerals are
The company was founded in 1986 by Pleasant Rowland , and its products were originally purchasable by mail order only . In 1998 , Pleasant Company became a subsidiary of Mattel .
The Fly ( George Langelaan ) , a 1957 short story by George Langelaan , the basis of The Fly films
See also Great Apostasy .
It has seven subspecies , but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive , with pale gray-brown underparts .
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme ( born 2 December 1978 ) better known as Chris Wolstenholme , is an English musician and the bassist and backing vocalist for the rock band Muse .
Depending on the ideals of the net label , music files from the artists may be downloaded free of charge or for a fee that is paid via Paypal or an online payment system .
The Australian mainland is made up of 5 states and 3 territories .
The first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , on the West London Line route ( Willesden to Earls Court ) , and full services over the whole network did not commence until 1922 , work having been delayed by the First World War .
Common-law jurisdictions usually offer proceedings in the English language , which has become to an extent a lingua franca of international businessCatherine Nickerson , '' English as a lingua franca in international business contexts '' , in English for Specific Purposes , Volume 24 , Issue 4 , 2005 , Pages 367-380 .
The old building was largely destroyed by fire in February 1939 .
In general , however , roses are placed in one of three main groups : Wild , Old Garden , and Modern Garden roses .
In 1994 Fanshawe composed an additional movement for a new recording of the work , the '' Dona Nobis Pacem - A Hymn for World Peace '' , which completed the '' Agnus Dei '' .
He has produced numerous films and television projects , including Clerks , Dogma , and Zack and Miri Make a Porno .
It was at this time that Rise Against was formed , and McIlrath left college .
He retired in 1952 , only to come back two and a half years later and regain the middleweight title in 1955 .
Classical civilizations , notably the Assyrians , Persians , Parthians , Indians , Koreans , Chinese , and Japanese and Turks fielded large numbers of archers in their armies .
Create money
The film gained widespread acclaim in Australia and New Zealand , but was not widely distributed globally .
This category consists of templates related to the National Hockey League .
Parlophone is best known for its association with The Beatles .
It is the legal framework within which the public and private aspects of life are regulated for those living in a legal system based on Islamic principles of jurisprudence and for Muslims living outside the domain .
At present , FitzGerald is the President of the Institute of International and European Affairs . He has a column in The Irish Times and occasionally appears on television programs such as Tonight with Vincent Browne .
They are often the subject of netsuke carvings and other representations .
Skoll ( , or as Norse ) or Saturn XLVII ( provisional designation S\/2006 S 8 ) is a retrograde irregular satellite of Saturn .
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce ( 2 February 1882 -- 13 January 1941 ) was an Irish expatriate author of the 20th century .
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football .
The range of fluorine-containing compounds is considerable as fluorine is capable of forming compounds with all the elements except helium and neon .
On 27 July 2007 the then Victorian Premier , Steve Bracks , unexpectedly announced his resignation from politics , citing family reasons for the decision .
The band renamed themselves '' Coldplay '' in 1998 , before recording and releasing three EPs ; Safety in 1998 , Brothers & Sisters as a single in 1999 and The Blue Room in the same year .
People are appointed to the Order rather than awarded it .
The rest are in Afghanistan .
Founded in 1949 , the Ministry was renamed Ministry for Economic Cooperation .
The Malawi national football team , nicknamed The Flames , is the national team of Malawi and is controlled by the Football Association of Malawi .
Anthurium and Zantedeschia are two well-known members of this family , as are Colocasia esculenta ( taro ) and Xanthosoma roseum ( Elephant ear or ` ape ) .
Christian Gottlob Neefe ( 5 February 1748 -- 28 January 1798 ) was a German opera composer and conductor .
Mary was the eldest daughter of King Charles I of England , Scotland and Ireland , and sister of King Charles II .
It is part of Gujrat district in the north of Punjab province .
Users may activate their product five times with the same product key , however licensing terms dictate users are allowed only to install Norton Internet Security 2004 on one computer .
Ray directed thirty-seven films , including feature films , documentaries and shorts .
The Allies could easily make up their losses .
The Amanda Show is an American live-action sketch comedy and variety show that aired on Nickelodeon from November 6 , 1999 to September 21 , 2002 .
Orthographic projection ( or orthogonal projection ) is a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions . It is a form of parallel projection , where all the projection lines are orthogonal to the projection plane , resulting in every plane of the scene appearing in affine transformation on the viewing surface .
Both describe God as the One Divine Person , Jesus Christ , who has a Divine Soul of Love , Divine Mind of Truth , and Divine Body of Activity .
Most stars are currently classified using the letters O , B , A , F , G , K and M , where O stars are the hottest and the letter sequence indicates successively cooler stars up to the coolest M class .
Specific types of servers include web servers , ftp servers , application servers , database servers , name servers , mail servers , file servers , print servers , and terminal servers .
'' Welsh diva thrives on new material written by artists half her age '' She is best known for recording the theme songs to the James Bond films Goldfinger (/O1964/O) , Diamonds Are Forever (/O1971/O) , and Moonraker (/O1979/O) , and is a UNESCO Artist for Peace .
Lucas ' conceptualization of Palpatine and the role the character plays in Star Wars changed over time . From Return of the Jedi onwards , Palpatine became the ultimate personification of evil in Star Wars , replacing Darth Vader as the central villain .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the current head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Roundhay Park was the first place an aircraft landed in Leeds after a flight from Amsterdam , Holland .
Unable to draw Flaminius into battle by mere devastation , Hannibal marched boldly around his opponent 's left flank and effectively cut Flaminius off from Rome ( thus executing the first recorded turning movement in military history ) .
Heavy industries can be found in Tuas , although not as much as on Jurong Island . Two of Singapore 's four incinerators are also found in Tuas , namely Tuas Incinerator and Tuas South Incinerator .
Union County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Ratodero is a Taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Ratodero , founded by Rato Khan Jalbani in the days of Talpur dynasty , is the capital .
Just Ella is a book written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 .
I thought , ` Oh !
Earlier in the tournament she trounced Mieko Harada , a housewife from Kyoto , Japan , 75-1 in 20 innings and with a 25-ball high run .
An economic system is the system of production , distribution and consumption of goods and services of an economy .
Another council expense claim included an $ 810 dinner at a restaurant , which Brown has refused to discuss who was in attendance .
Zeb is located at .
The University of Michigan , Ann Arbor ( U of M , U-M , UM , UMich , or simply Michigan ) is a public research university located in the state of Michigan in the United States .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters , and perhaps was aided by the skill of handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
The Kroger Co. is an American retail supermarket chain founded by Bernard Kroger in 1883 in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The only recent member was the Thylacine ( Thylacinus cynocephalus ) , which became extinct in 1936 due to hunting .
WWE acquired Extreme Championship Wrestling and its video library in 2003 and later began reintroducing ECW through content from the ECW library and a series books , which included the release of The Rise and Fall of ECW documentary .
After missing the playoffs in the 1933 -- 34 season , they rebounded to first place in the American Division the following season , as Thompson was named to the Second All-Star team for the second time .
In its second week , fell to # 3 , again behind the Spielberg film at # 2 .
Pulitzer shifted its focus to human-interest stories , scandal , and sensationalism .
World of Warcraft contains traditional fantasy elements , such as gryphons , dragons , and elves ; steam-powered automata and extreme engineering typical of steampunk ; zombies , vampires , and other undead typical of horror ; as well as time travel , spaceships , and alien worlds typical of science fiction .
Lost was the recipient of hundreds of US award nominations throughout its run , and won numerous industry awards , including the Emmy Award for US primetime Outstanding Drama Series in 2005 , Best American Import at the British Academy Television Awards in 2005 , the Hollywood Foreign Press Association Golden Globe Award for Best Drama in 2006 and a US Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series .
Haynes ' own coach , the legendary Zip Gayles , reprimanded him for the showboating display , but it helped draw the attention of the Globetrotters , always on the search for trick ballhandlers ; Langston was invited to play an exhibition game against the Globetrotters in Oklahoma City .
Amor Prohibido ( English : Forbidden Love ) is an album by Latin superstar Selena .
Individual membership categories are : Student member , Associate member and full Fellow .
The numbering scheme follows that of the International Numbering System ( INS ) as determined by the Codex Alimentarius committee though only a subset of the INS additives are approved for use in the European Union .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
Martin Bell , OBE , ( born 31 August 1938 , Redisham , Suffolk ) is a British UNICEF ( UNICEF UK ) Ambassador , a former broadcast war reporter and former independent politician .
When Ramon learns of the tragedy , he realizes that the Indian was right and he decides to return the pearl to the Manta Diablo . Taking the pearl from the church , he sets out by boat for the lagoon .
He also was an owner of race tracks and of the Montreal Alouettes football team in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League .
A honey bee queen may lay 2000 eggs per day during spring buildup , but she also must lay 1000 to 1500 eggs per day during the foraging season , mostly to replace daily casualties , most of which are workers dying of old age .
However , the term pre-Sokratic was in use as early as George Grote 's Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates in 1865 .
Carbon monoxide has significant fuel value , burning in air with a characteristic blue flame , producing carbon dioxide .
The film stars Gregory Peck , Lee Remick , David Warner , Harvey Stephens , Billie Whitelaw , Patrick Troughton , Martin Benson , and Leo McKern .
jpg Rom .
Hy-Vee keeps opening bigger stores , so the largest store will change every 6 months to every year .
Historical development and geographical distribution The term is most often used with reference to medieval Western Europe .
However , their on-field success was not matched financially and in 1920 the staunchly working-class Hertha merged with the well-heeled club Berliner Sport-Club to form Hertha Berliner Sport-Club .
In The Weather Makers : The History & Future Impact of Climate Change , Flannery outlined the science behind anthropogenic climate change .
Many modern and also some old symmetric block ciphers are based on Feistel networks ( e.g. GOST 28147-89 block cipher ) , and the structure and properties of Feistel ciphers have been extensively explored by cryptographers .
More recently , in 2002 , also modeled upon Ribet 's method , Chris Skinner and Eric Urban have claimed they had a proof of a main conjecture for GL ( 2 ) .
North Carolina contains 100 counties .
Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , is the largest recent order of reptiles , including lizards and snakes .
Survivor Records , a British Christian music record label
The county administration is in Oslo , which is not part of the county per se .
It premiered on October 20 , 2007 , at the London Film Festival before its wide release on November 21 , 2007 , in the United States .
At the end of Frankenstein 's narrative , Captain Walton resumes the telling of the story . A few days after Frankenstein has finished his story , the ship becomes entombed in ice and Walton 's crew insist on returning South once the ship is freed .
The upper frequency limit in humans ( approximately 20 kHz ) is due to limitations of the middle ear , which acts as a low-pass filter .
Grimbosq is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
He won the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia in 1998 .
Coffee ranks as one of the world 's most valuable and widely traded commodity crops and is an important export of a number of countries .
Irwin is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
Hans Tilkowski ( born 12 July 1935 in Husen near Dortmund ) is a former German footballer .
He and two colleagues discovered Neptune 's ring system in 1968 .
As with the Mk2 Golf , Volkswagen did not make a convertible version of the Mk4 Golf .
Morris Iemma ( ) ( born 21 July 1961 ) , is an Australian politician and 40th Premier of New South Wales , succeeding Bob Carr after he resigned on 3 August 2005 .
With more than 22,000 members , this group represents two thirds of all crustacean species and contains all the larger forms .
Most , if not all , galaxies , including the Milky Way , are believed to contain supermassive black holes at their centers .
At the 2006 census the population of Gundagai was 1,998 .
The tantalising simplicity of the algorithm together with the novelty of the data-dependent rotations has made RC5 an attractive object of study for cryptanalysts .
So , in the 1936 Census , the peninsula of Istria had 294,000 residents : the majority were Istrian Italians .
The executive branch consists of the President , Vice-President , and the Council of Ministers ( the Cabinet being its executive committee ) headed by the Prime Minister .
In some opening lines , the exact sequence considered best for both sides has been worked out to more than 30 moves .
Because of some of the song lyrics , a Parental Advisory sticker was placed on the album packaging . The band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album 's release .
It is a black solid , and a mixed valence compound , containing both Co ( II ) and Co ( III ) oxidation states .
His books include : A glossary of terms used in parapsychology (/O2003/O) , The common thread between ESP and PK (/O2004/O) , and Parapsychology in the Twenty-First Century : Essays on the future of Psychical Research (/O2005/O) .
The national flag of the United States of America ( the '' American flag '' ) consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the '' union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .
Leutwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Gonzales served as a general counsel when Bush was the governor of Texas .
Jacob makes a coat of many coloursHebrew Kethoneth passim This is traditionally translated as '' coat of many colours '' , but can also mean long sleeves , or embroidered .
Capping its successful first season , Lost won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series and J. J. Abrams was awarded an Emmy in September 2005 for his work as the director of Pilot .
Delayed sleep phase syndrome ( DSPS ) , characterized by a much later than normal timing of sleep onset and offset and a period of peak alertness in the middle of the night .
Russell T Davies , OBE , ( born Stephen Russell Davies , 27 April 1963 ) is a Welsh television producer and screenwriter whose works include Queer as Folk , Bob & Rose , The Second Coming , Casanova , and the 2005 revival of the classic British science fiction series Doctor Who .
While playing for Everton , James McFadden , a former Motherwell player , dedicated his goal to O'Donnell in Everton 's 2 0 win at Middlesbrough by pointing solemnly to his black armband and then towards the sky .
August 5 -- Henry I becomes King of England .
In general , any small , non-acid soluble ( i.e. non-carbonate , non-siliceous ) organic structure that can not otherwise be accounted for is classified as an acritarch .
Some of the first original programming to air on WIIC included Studio Wrestling and Chiller Theatre , both hosted by Cardille .
On February 5 , 2004 , the president of Pakistan , General Pervez Musharraf , announced that he had pardoned Khan .
It is also the birthplace of hockey legend Cecil '' Tiny '' Thompson .
Ottawa Raiders ( 1999 -- 2007 , National Capital Raiders 1998-99 , to CWHL as Ottawa Capital Canucks )
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
Stationary hors d'oeuvre are also referred to as '' table hors d'oeuvre '' .
On certain types of harmonica the pre-tuned reed can be changed ( bending a note ) to another note by redirecting air flow into the chamber .
Saludos Amigos was popular enough that Walt Disney decided to make another film about Latin America , The Three Caballeros , to be produced two years later .
The award is established with 1,100 EUR .
In the 12th century , the dialects of Denmark and Sweden began to diverge , becoming Old Danish and Old Swedish in the 13th century .
Hannah Montana : The Movie is the musical film adaptation of the American teen sitcom Hannah Montana .
Euroa is a town in the Shire of Strathbogie in North-East Victoria , Australia .
Charles Gates Dawes ( August 27 , 1865 -- April 23 , 1951 ) was an American banker and politician who was the 30th Vice President of the United States ( 1925-1929 ) .
Uttoxeter is a historic market town in Staffordshire , in the West Midlands region of England .
Nearly 57 million people depend on the Yamuna waters .
This reciprocal nature of interpersonal popularity is often overlooked by people ( particularly the young ) who are attempting to become popular : being loud may be successful in gaining attention , but is unlikely to provide mutual respect .
Cerium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Ce and atomic number 58 .
It consisted of Jimmy Pop and Daddy Long Legs , both graduates of Perkiomen Valley High School .
April 22 -- Pope Gregory VII ( Cardinal Hildebrand ) succeeds Pope Alexander II as the 157th pope .
Junji Kawano ( born July 11 , 1945 ) is a former Japanese football player .
In the last years of the Soviet Union , as nationalist movements swept throughout the Caucasus , many intellectuals in the North Ossetian ASSR called for the revival of the name of Alania , a medieval kingdom of the Alans , ancestors of the modern-day Ossetians .
His marriage to the hot-tempered Sarah Jennings -- Anne 's intimate friend -- ensured Marlborough 's rise , first to the Captain-Generalcy of British forces , then to a dukedom .
Women 's basketball is one of the few women 's sports that developed in tandem with its men 's counterpart .
It won video game awards , and received positive comments from the gaming press , that focused on elements of the single-player mode .
The former Midland High School students were sent to neighboring school districts .
One of those states ( Schwarzburg-Arnstadt ) was based in Arnstadt ; it was founded in 1574 and existed until 1716 , when it fell to Schwarzburg-Sondershausen .
Dane County , Wisconsin - north
Though expert within Neo-Gothic , Renaissance revival , and Romanesque revival styles , Waterhouse never limited himself to a single architectural style .
References The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
Other than four , the most common number of parts are three , five , six and eight .
The living sloths comprise six species of medium-sized mammals that live in Central and South America belonging to the families Megalonychidae and Bradypodidae , part of the order Pilosa .
In 2001 , the Clan released Iron Flag , an album which made extensive use of outside producers and guests .
In Hawaii , where it was introduced , it is known as the cane spider .
The William M. Jennings Trophy is an annual ice hockey award given to '' the goalkeeper ( s ) having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals scored against it .
In seasons with heavy monsoons , this butterfly is seen in massive migrations which are frequent in Texas but more rare in the southwest .
A child prodigy , he gave his first organ recital at the age of ten .
He currently plays for Kashima Antlers .
Phencyclidine ( a complex clip of the chemical name 1 - ( 1-phenylcyclohexyl ) piperidine , commonly initialized as PCP ) , also known as angel dust and myriad other street names , is a recreational , dissociative drug formerly used as an anesthetic agent , exhibiting hallucinogenic and neurotoxic effects .
Bob 's Full House was a popular quiz program hosted by Bob Monkhouse which was based on the popular game ` Bingo ' and aired on BBC1 from 1 September 1984 until 27 January 1990 .
MINIX 3 MINIX 3 was publicly announced on 24 October 2005 by Andrew Tanenbaum during his keynote speech on top of the ACM Symposium Operating Systems Principles conference .
Historically , the tree was exclusive to the Indian Sub-continent , and so widespread across the region that one of the old names of India ( or the Indian region ) is Jambu-Dvipa ( literally : the island of jambul fruit ) .
Extinct as a regularly spoken language by the 4th century CE , but survived as a liturgical and literary language ;
January 25 -- Agnes of Babenberg , daughter of Leopold III of Austria ( b. 1111 )
'' Friend Like That '' was the first single from the album , released on iTunes on December 24 , 2007 .
The name '' Mato Grosso do Sul '' literally means '' Thick Forest of the South '' in Portuguese , a name inherited from its northern neighbor state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until the 1970s .
Leto and Artemis/Apollo When Hera discovered that Leto was pregnant and that Zeus was the father , she banned Leto from giving birth on '' terra-firma '' , or the mainland , or any island at sea .
On December 30 , 1922 , the Congress adopted a Declaration and Agreement on the establishment of the USSR .
Burnout Revenge is the fourth video game in the Burnout series of racing games , released for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox on September 13 , 2005 and Xbox 360 on March 7 , 2006 , alongside the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS title Burnout Legends .
In the succession , children of the empress were preferred over sons of secondary consorts .
It is thought to be a hybrid of Quercus rugosa and Quercus depressipes . It is native to the states of Chihuahua and Durango in Mexico , in which there are five known populations ( all of which are believed to be small ) .
Pallapugno leggera is played in a court the same size of a volleyball court , but without a net .
Margaret Wyborn -- Hattie Winston Becker 's office manager , and one of the few people who can tolerate Becker , Margaret is a motherly figure to Becker and Linda .
It first aired on NBC in 1999 , and has been broadcast by many networks in several other countries .
Free from supervision , Nijinsky became acquainted with Romola de Pulszky , a Hungarian countess .
An intensive property does not depend on the size or amount of matter in the object , while an extensive property does .
Great care must be taken to ensure that the object is not altered by accident , by even slight smudges , dirt , hair , or even dust .
His survival led to his being declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard after Caligula 's assassination , at which point he was the last adult male of his family .
For example , in the United States , '' Strictly speaking , transportation , extradition , and deportation , although each has the effect of removing a person from the country , are different things , and have different purposes .
.
As the city grew , the citizens named it after John Greenleaf Whittier , a respected Quaker poet .
They call themselves '' Spider Riders '' .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
Gilbert 's birthday is 14 March , but the year is not known , estimates range from 1810 to 1815 .
Fifteen species of seagrass in beds attract the dugongs and turtles , and provide fish habitat .
Together with his friend Christian Gaudian , Gueffroy attempted on the night of February 5 & ndash ; 6 , 1989 , to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin , along the Britz district canal .
Tramoyes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Honecker then stayed in a Soviet military hospital near Berlin before later fleeing the republic with Margot Honecker to Moscow , to avoid prosecution over charges of Cold War crimes .
The upper side of the wings is checkered with orange and black .
However , after just five appearances , Miller broke his collarbone in a fall .
Fostoria is a city in Clay County , Iowa , United States .
When thrash metal began to gain a major following in the mid-to-late 1980s , Anthrax were dubbed one of the '' big four '' of thrash metal alongside Metallica , Megadeth , and Slayer .
Such films can cost as much as $ 20 million ( about a third of the average cost of a Hollywood release ) and feature actors like Jean-Claude Van Damme , Steven Seagal , Wesley Snipes and Cuba Gooding Jr. .
Quinton Fortune ( born 21 May 1977 ) is a South African footballer who has represented a number of European clubs including Manchester United , Atletico Madrid and Bolton Wanderers .
On November 26 , 2009 , Super Mario Galaxy was named the number one Wii game by IGN . Super Mario Galaxy was also named the Nintendo game of the decade ( 2000-2009 ) by both Nintendo Power and Official Nintendo Magazine .
In gardening , annual often refers to a plant grown outdoors in the spring and summer and surviving just for one growing season .
( ? )
Between 1864 and 1891 , Voigt was sentenced to prison for a total of 25 years for thefts and forgery .
Port Arthur were champions Canadian Amateur Hockey Association four times , and were chosen once to represent Canada as the Canada national men 's ice hockey team at international competitions .
He is the only character to have appeared continuously since the first episode on 19 February 1985 .
Oceanic anoxic events or anoxic events occur when the Earth 's oceans become completely depleted of oxygen ( O2 ) below the surface levels .
Stephen Grover Cleveland ( March 18 , 1837 June 24 , 1908 ) was the 22nd and 24th President of the United States .
It is an evergreen tree , and it is the tallest of the eucalypts , growing to 70 -- 100 m ( 230 -- 330 feet ) , with a straight , gray trunk , smooth-barked except for the rough basal .
by American experimental composer John Cage ( 1912 -- 1992 ) .
Hideki T j ( Ky jitai : ; Shinjitai : ; ) ( 30 December 1884 23 December 1948 ) was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army ( IJA ) , a leader of the Taisei Yokusankai , and the 40th Prime Minister of Japan during much of World War II , from 18 October 1941 to 22 July 1944 .
Old Soldiers Never Die , New York TimesBaby dolls , paper dolls , talking dolls , fashion dolls - the list is almost endless .
The former president , his Austrian-born wife , Franziska Donner , and adopted son then lived in exile in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Damn Small Linux
The first shop of note on Orchard Road was Tangs founded in 1934 and established on Orchard Road in the 1950s .
Hot chocolate was first brought to North America as early as the 1600s by the Dutch , but the first time colonists began selling hot chocolate was around 1755 .
The first season was planned for 12 rounds ( 24 races , with two each weekend ) ; however the cancellation of a race scheduled for Curitiba , Brazil in January 2006 reduced this number to 11 .
Geography Brahmanbaria district is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh .
Various factors can play a part in one 's success in arm wrestling .
May 21 & ndash ; Treaty of Troyes : With the Burgundian faction dominant in France , King Charles VI of France acknowledges Henry V of England as his heir and as virtual ruler of most of France .
The term refers to a government controlled by the government of another country like a puppeteer controls the strings of a marionette .
This is thought to result from the sublimation-driven degradation of small landforms , which is supported by the general deficit of small impact craters and the presence of numerous small knobs , considered to be their remnants .
According to the big bang theory , not even space existed before the creation of the universe .
Aerobics is a form of physical exercise that combines rhythmic aerobic exercise with stretching and strength training routines with the goal of improving all elements of fitness ( flexibility , muscular strength , and cardio-vascular fitness ) .
While Queens led Scotland 's top division until Christmas in season 1953 54 , its highest-ever finish in the Scottish top flight was fourth in 1933 34 .
The act might be sexual for both , either , or neither .
Alfred Henry Sturtevant ( November 21 , 1891 & ndash ; April 5 , 1970 ) was an American geneticist .
This has been supported by Wilde who has pushed the date of the zircon crystals found in the metamorphosed quartzite of Mount Narryer in Western Australia , previously thought to be 4.1 - 4.2 Ga , to 4.404 Ga. .
Since the introduction of stone and brick , the entire city has been rebuilt and now contains numerous European-style structures , including the royal palaces , the houses formerly belonging to the prime minister and nobles , the French residency , the Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals , and several stone churches .
Venezuelan maps produced since 1970 show the entire area from the eastern bank of the Essequibo , including the islands in the river , as Venezuelan territory .
Following the September 11 attacks , several American mosques were targeted in attacks ranging from simple vandalism to arson .
The blue of the sky reveals to us the basic law of color .
M&M 's originated in the United States in 1941 , and are now sold in over 100 countries .
The Underground uses TfL 's Travelcard zones to calculate fares .
In 2000 , the upper stories of 25 Brook Street were leased to the Handel House Trust , and after extensive restoration , the Handel House Museum opened to the public with an events program of baroque music .
VIP is overproduced in VIPoma .
She began her career in the late 1990s as a pop singer and then switched to acting .
Ohio State 's 3,469 acres of campus is approximately 2.5 m north of the city 's downtown .
Godfrey Harold '' G. H. '' Hardy FRS ( 7 February 1877 -- 1 December 1947 ) GRO Register of Deaths : DEC 1947 4a 204 Cambridge -- Godfrey H. Hardy , aged 70 was a prominent English mathematician , known for his achievements in number theory and mathematical analysis .
The NHL 's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion .
In addition to two distinct works by Barrie , the character has been featured in a variety of media and merchandise , both adapting and expanding on Barrie 's works .
These customs , unique to the Spartans , have been interpreted in various ways .
For a right-handed player , the forehand is a stroke that begins on the right side of his body , continues across his body as contact is made with the ball , and ends on the left side of his body .
Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , Artemis , the Charites , Heracles , Dionysus , Hebe , and Persephone were children of Zeus .
A clear direction for a national program was not set but they did manage to pass strong resolutions on the draft , resistance within the Army itself , and they made a call for immediate withdrawal from Vietnam .
Although Dirty Harry is arguably Clint Eastwood 's signature role , he was not a top contender for the part .
This is considered adequate for destroying almost all yeasts , mold , and common spoilage bacteria and also to ensure adequate destruction of common pathogenic heat-resistant organisms ( including Mycobacterium tuberculosis , which causes tuberculosis and Coxiella burnetii , which causes Q fever ) .
A Power network is a type of social network where some people can tell other people what to do .
People with fresh oral piercings coming in regular contact with yeast .
Bergvall has been her main coach ever since .
Suidae is the biological family to which domestic pigs and their wild relatives belong .
Goldschmidt resigned in 1885 to be replaced by Charles Villiers Stanford , organist of Trinity College , Cambridge and conductor of the Cambridge University Musical Society , who had recently been appointed Professor of Composition at the Royal College of Music .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
Saint-Palais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Courcival is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Handel was born in Germany in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti .
Return to Castle Wolfenstein ( RTCW ) is a reboot of the early first-person shooter Wolfenstein 3D .
Though these mammals can resemble rodents ( order Rodentia ) and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early twentieth century , they have since been considered a separate order .
Ballaghnatrillick
MADtv During his three year tenure , Anton received limited screen time on the show .
Muhammad of Ghor , Persian conqueror and sultan ( b. 1162 )
The SAC builds on the concepts of completeness and avalanche and was introduced by Webster and Tavares in 1985 .
In 1993 , Monarch Airlines introduced the first Airbus A320-200 aircraft into its fleet and in 1997 introduced the first Airbus A321-200 into the fleet . The Airbus A320-200s and Airbus A321-200s eventually replaced the airline 's Boeing 737-300s .
The town is twinned with Plaffeien .
Year 1784 ( MDCCLXXXIV ) was a leap year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Monday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Vincent Willem van Gogh ( Dutch : , or English : ,
Scotty Mattraw as Bashful : Bashful is the shyest of the dwarfs , and is often embarrassed by the presence of any attention directed at him .
Meringue can be used as the basis for various other desserts including angel food cake , pavlova , Baked Alaska , Queen of Puddings , Key lime pie , Eton mess and lemon meringue pie .
Bell was connected with the eugenics movement in the United States .
The Columbus Crew is an American professional soccer club based in Columbus , Ohio which competes in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , the top professional soccer league in the United States and Canada .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
Serena Deeb ( born June 29 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler . She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment , appearing on both the SmackDown brand and the developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling .
The capital of Corsica is Ajaccio ( Corsican : Aiacciu ) .
Silent barter is a system whereby traders who can not speak each other 's language can trade without talking and to protect the secrets of where gold and salt came from .
Most tornadoes begin as funnel clouds , but many funnel clouds do not make ground contact and so do not become tornadoes .
Under international treaty , it may be used '' in time of war as in time of peace , by every vessel of commerce or of war , without distinction of flag . ''
Maid Marian , is the wife of the legendary English outlaw Robin Hood .
Upon her baptism , Pocahontas took the Christian name '' Rebecca '' .
The color red is associated with lust , passion , love , and beauty as well .
October 8 & ndash ; Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
The Palouse Region of Eastern Washington and the Idaho Panhandle , with its commercial center at Pullman , WA , constitutes the most important producing region in the United States .
Lamacq subsequently played the song on his radio show , labeling the track '' genius '' , and invited them to record a live session for the show .
In other words , the hydration process for the phosphate products results in a release of energy that exceeds the amount of energy for breaking the phosphate bonds in ATP , hence resulting in a gain in a net energy release from these two reaction steps .
With the rise of the Internet , debates about 0.999 ... have escaped the classroom and are commonplace on newsgroups and message boards , including many that nominally have little to do with mathematics .
Barberey-Saint-Sulpice is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Trochenbrod or Trochinbrod in Russian ( ) was a Jewish shtetl ( village ) with an area once located in western Ukraine , about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk , the nearest now existing villages are and .
The origins of the Nazi version of the theory of the master race were in 19th century racial theories of Count Arthur de Gobineau , who argued that cultures degenerate when distinct races mix .
Mi Fu 's style name was Yuanzhang ( ) with several sobriquets : Nangong ( ) , Lumen Jushi ( ) , Xiangyang Manshi ( ) , and Haiyue Waishi ( ) , also known as Mi Fei ( ) , was a Chinese painter , poet , and calligrapher born in Taiyuan , Shanxi during the Song Dynasty .
Fargo is home to North Dakota State University .
In 1887 , Cope published his own '' Origin of the Fittest : Essays in Evolution '' , detailing his views on the subject .
His self-portraits form a unique and intimate biography , in which the artist surveyed himself without vanity and with the utmost sincerity .
Culture Vilnius is a cosmopolitan city with diverse architecture .
In addition , there is broad agreement that you may not include in your user space material that is likely to bring the project into disrepute .
In chemistry , salts are ionic compounds that can result from the neutralization reaction of an acid and a base .
Law was born to a rural preacher and his wife in New Brunswick , where he spent his early life .
The sarati , described in Parma Eldalamberon 13 , a script developed by J. R. R. Tolkien in the late 1910s , anticipates many features of the tengwar , especially the vowel representation by diacritics ( which is found in many tengwar varieties ) , different tengwar shapes and a few correspondences between sound features and letter shape features ( though inconsistent ) .
There must be a direct object for an indirect object to be placed in a sentence .
Below the shield is a banner that reads '' Maine '' .
Similarly , if Persian or Arabic grammar constructs , such as the izafat , are used in Urdu , the level of speech is also considered more formal and grand .
Auto-Tune uses a phase vocoder to correct pitch in vocal and instrumental performances .
Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching and the knuckles were reinforced with leather as well .
The name is a play on Columbus 's more famous namesake , Christopher Columbus , and his 1492 landing in the Americas .
Clokey created Gumbasia while studying at the University of Southern California under the direction of Slavko Vorkapi .
Siegmund '' Sigi '' Nissel ( January 3 , 1922 , Munich May 21 , 2008 , London ) was an German-born British violinist who played second violin in the Amadeus Quartet and served as its administrator .
He said that Jackass 2.5 is a compilation DVD of stunts that did not make it to Jackass Number 2 .
Cylinder ( firearms ) , the rotating device that contains the firing chambers of a revolver
The Detroit Shock , a professional women 's basketball team
Mr. Mohammed Kazam Ali Khan is the founder and President of ANC .
Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital of the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
Lolcat is a composite of two words , '' lol '' and '' cat '' .
Ohio State is currently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as the best public university in Ohio , among the top 150 universities in the world , among the top 60 universities in the United States , and among the top 20 public universities in the United States .
Mill ( currency ) , a denomination used by some currencies , the equivalent of a tenth of a cent\/penny , or a thousandth of the currency unit .
The convention in English is to give opening quotation marks to the first and each subsequent paragraph , using closing quotation marks only for the final paragraph of the quotation , as in the following example from Pride and Prejudice :
The second single from Riot !
Alonzo Harding Mourning , Jr. ( born February 8 , 1970 , in Chesapeake , Virginia ) is a former American professional basketball player , who played most of his 15-year NBA career for the Miami Heat .
In general , the relationship between the time-varying voltage v ( t ) across an inductor with inductance L and the time-varying current i ( t ) passing through it is described by the differential equation : When there is a sinusoidal alternating current ( AC ) through an inductor , a sinusoidal voltage is induced .
Awards Ban has been awarded the Order of Service Merit by the Government of the Republic of Korea on three occasions : in 1975 , 1986 and 2006 .
A definition includes the Mongols proper , who can be roughly divided into eastern Mongols , and western Mongols .
The contestants were split into the two tribes , Morgan and Drake , and given their running shoes , a small bag of money and a map to a nearby village where they could use the money to buy what they believed were essential goods for survival as well as a boat trip to their beach , and were told to swim the rest of the way .
Matthias Sindelar ( 10 February 1903 & ndash ; 23 January 1939 ) was an Austrian footballer .
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga ( both formerly of Leeds United ) , Quinton Fortune ( Atletico Madrid and Manchester United ) , Benni McCarthy ( Ajax Amsterdam , F.C. Porto , Blackburn Rovers and West Ham United ) , Aaron Mokoena ( Ajax Amsterdam , Blackburn Rovers and Portsmouth ) , Delron Buckley ( Borussia Dortmund ) and Steven Pienaar ( Ajax Amsterdam and Everton ) .
Thile has released other solo albums , including the intricate Not All Who Wander Are Lost , released in 2001 , and Deceiver in 2004 ( in which he wrote , composed , sang , and played every part ) .
At one time Atomic City , Idaho was actually called Midway , Idaho .
Unfortunately , there is no railway station and airport in the city but have road links with Hyderabad , Nawabshah , Mirpur Khas and other major cities of Sindh .
However , a combination of entrenchments , machine gun nests , barbed wire , and artillery repeatedly inflicted severe casualties on the attackers and counter attacking defenders .
Hellenistic age The original city of Seleucus was laid out in imitation of the grid plan of Alexandria by the architect Xenarius .
The name Flora was proposed by John Herschel , from Flora , the Latin goddess of flowers and gardens , wife of Zephyrus ( the personification of the West wind ) , mother of Spring , and whose Greek equivalent is Chloris ( who has her own asteroid , 410 Chloris ) .
He is best known for his talk show The Arsenio Hall Show , which ran between 1989 and 1994 , and his roles in the films Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
The popularity of blogs has also given rise to '' fake blogs '' in which a company will create a fictional blog as a marketing tool to promote a product .
The 300 km cable can carry one broadcast channel and seven telephone channels .
If the page is edited before you click the rollback link , you will get an error message instead .
The azuki bean ( , formerly spelled adzuki or aduki ) is an annual vine widely grown throughout East Asia and the Himalayas for its small ( approximately 5 mm ) bean .
The Iowa Department of Corrections Newton Correctional Facility is in unincorporated Jasper County , near Newton .
The most recent common ancestor of the Hominidae lived roughly 14 million years ago , when the ancestors of the orangutans speciated from the ancestors of the other three genera .
Open spaces include Norsey Wood , Mill Meadows Nature Reserve , Queen 's Park Country Park , Sun Corner , Lake Meadows , Hanningfield Reservoir and South Green .
Today , the two countries remain Pakistan 's closest allies .
Energy transfer by heat occur between objects by conduction .
Times Square is a major intersection in Manhattan , a borough of New York City , at the junction of Broadway and Seventh Avenue and stretching from West 42nd to West 47th Streets .
Rolling Stone Brackett , Nathan .
While in this new body Frieza bears a great likeness to his father King Cold .
Effectively , Pirelli 's activities are still primarily focused on the production of tyres and cables ( for energy and telecommunications ) .
It currently ( Epoch 2010 ) lies south of the Equator .
European Vale Tudo ( Denmark , Sweden ) www.europeanvaletudo.com ;
This is down from a higher population in the 1950s and 1960s when the economically supportive iron ore mines had a much higher employment level .
She debuted with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in March 2007 , and played in Vatican City as part of the celebrations for Pope Benedict XVI together with the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra and conductor Gustavo Dudamel , also in 2007 .
The character , created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , is voiced by Jack DeSena .
Thessaloniki ( , ) , Thessalonica , or Salonica is the second-largest city in Greece and the capital of the region of Macedonia .
Satu Mare is a city with a population of 113,688 and the capital of Satu Mare County , Romania .
The White Witch journeys to Aslan 's camp and asserts her claim to the traitor Edmund , but Aslan secretly offers to sacrifice himself instead .
This most often includes China , Japan , Korea , and Vietnam .
Other accounts suggest she was born in the village of Payne 's Tavern in Person County , North Carolina .
Arthur Jacob Arshawsky ( May 23 , 1910 -- December 30 , 2004 ) , better known as Artie Shaw , was an American jazz clarinetist , composer , and bandleader .
The Languages of Arda are artificial languages created by J. R. R. Tolkien and used in his legendarium , including The Hobbit , The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion .
Crestview Hills is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
This site is a group of three low mounds that excavations has shown were parts of a single settlement , approximately 5 hectares in size .
It boasts of 31 National Highways ( NH ) , with a total length of 4,942 km ( 8.5 % of total NH length in India ) .
The 2002 Bali bombings occurred on 12 October 2002 in the tourist district of Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali .
It may constitute the entire sexual encounter or it may be part of mutual masturbation , foreplay or other sexual activities .
Headgear without a bit that uses a noseband to control a horse is called a hackamore , or , in some areas , a bitless bridle .
October 21 & ndash ; Manifest Destiny & ndash ; Medicine Lodge Treaty : Near Medicine Lodge Creek , Kansas , a landmark treaty is signed by southern Great Plains Indian leaders .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google and is based upon the Linux kernel and GNU software .
These first brownies featured an apricot glaze and walnuts , and they are still being made at the hotel according to the original recipe .
By 1.00 am on April 12 , 1981 , the area was largely subdued , with no large groups -- except the police -- on the streets .
The King of Denmark and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein , Frederick I of Denmark , took possession of the monastery during the Protestant Reformation .
Java is a programming language originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems ( which is now a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation ) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform .
It was built by the London County Council , and was decided to build this as an underground connection .
Other sources include the remains of man-made wooden objects , including buildings and their contents washed into the sea during storms , wooden objects discarded into the water from shore ( flotsam ) , dropped dunnage or lost cargo from ships ( jetsam ) , and the remains of shipwrecked wooden ships and boats .
Church of San Pietro , the most ancient in Grosseto .
Saint Barts has a small airport ( IATA identifier SBH ) is served by small regional commercial aircraft and charters .
Engi is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Aplacophorans are cylindrical and worm-like , and most very small , being no longer than ; some species , however , can reach a length of .
Successes included the singles '' Livin ' In The USA '' , '' Lucky Man '' , and Boz Scaggs '' Overdrive '' and '' Dime-A-Dance Romance '' .
Casting Silver with Cuttlefish They are probably better known today as the tough material given to parakeets and other caged birds as a source of dietary calcium .
Bright 's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis .
The formation of geysers is due to particular hydrogeological conditions , which exist in only a few places on Earth , so they are a fairly rare phenomenon .
Robinson was 85-0 as an amateur with 69 of those victories coming by way of knockout , 40 in the first round .
Doctors and arm wrestlers recommend doing rehab ( training\/therapy , exercising with light weights and many repetitions for 30 - 45 minutes non-stop to pump the blood into arms ) .
Lemma ( mathematics ) , a proven statement used as a stepping-stone toward the proof of another statement
In 1689 Samuel had married Susanna Annesley , twenty-fifth child of Dr. Samuel Annesley , a Dissenter pastor .
The Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1989 .
Substances or foods irradiated with electrons or electromagnetic radiation ( such as microwave , X-ray or gamma ) are not carcinogenic .
It was among Shakespeare 's most popular plays during his lifetime and , along with Hamlet and Macbeth , is one of his most frequently performed plays .
'' The Story of the Three Bears '' ( often known today as '' Goldilocks and the Three Bears '' ) is a children 's story first recorded in narrative form by English author and poet Robert Southey and first published in a volume of his writings in 1837 .
The actual site of Ninken 's grave is not known . This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Osaka .
p. 719 '' The greatest church in Christendom '' , Roma 2000 In Catholic tradition , St. Peter 's Basilica is believed to be the burial site of Saint Peter , who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus .
Biography Sri Yukteswar was born Priyanath Karar in Serampore , India to Kshetranath Karar and Kadambini .
Convection increased within the system , and it developed a concentrated area of convection in conjunction with a well-defined low pressure area .
In 1826 he began attending the ConservatoireNaxos Records to study composition under Le Sueur and Anton Reicha .
The district was served by two separate 2 foot ( 610 mm ) gauge tramway systems .
Foner , Eric .
In June 2005 he was elected as a member of the Nomination Committee of the company .
John Hannah as Jonathan Carnahan : Evelyn 's bumbling older brother , whose primary goal is to get rich ; he signs on for the trip to Hamunaptra after learning from Evelyn that the city is supposed to be where the ancient pharaohs hid '' the wealth of Egypt . ''
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
This has made them useful for petroleum exploration where they are known , in rocks dating from the Cambrian to the Late Triassic .
French sociologist Roger Caillois , in his book Les jeux et les hommes ( Games and Men ) ,
With the emergence of an exclusively language-based art in the 1960s , however , conceptual artists such as Joseph Kosuth , Lawrence Weiner and the English Art & Language group began a far more radical interrogation of art than was previously possible ( see below ) .
John Adrian Louis Hope , 1st Marquess of Linlithgow KT , GCMG , GCVO , PC ( 25 September 1860 - 29 February 1908 ) , also known as Viscount Aithrie before 1873 and as The 7th Earl of Hopetoun between 1873 and 1902 , was a Scottish aristocrat , politician and colonial administrator .
Mac OS X is based upon the Mach kernel . Certain parts from FreeBSD 's and NetBSD 's implementation of Unix were incorporated in NeXTSTEP , the core of Mac OS X. NeXTSTEP was the object-oriented operating system developed by Steve Jobs ' company NeXT after he left Apple in 1985 .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer , ( Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later , respectively ) .
The photon is massless and is well-described by the theory of quantum electrodynamics .
BBC News ' '' On this day '' He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time magazine (/O1999/O) .
Paolo Rossi ( born 23 September 1956 in Prato ) is an Italian former football striker .
Research between the early 1800s and today suggests that many stars are part of either binary star systems or star systems with more than two stars , called multiple star systems .
A trough is an elongated region of relatively low atmospheric pressure , often associated with fronts .
With Empoli , Rocchi made over 100 appearances , and scored a total of 29 goals , 16 of which came in Serie A , where Rocchi had put in some decent performances during the 2002 -- 03 and 2003 -- 04 seasons .
Throughout much of its history , Sicily has been considered a crucial strategic location due in large part to its importance for Mediterranean trade routes .
In 2005 Gynning wrote the book Ego Girl in which she described how she tried to be a model at 17 .
The United States presidential election of 2000 was a contest between Republican candidate George W. Bush , then-governor of Texas and son of former president George H. W. Bush ( 1989-1993 ) , and Democratic candidate Al Gore , then-Vice President .
Anarcho-syndicalists believe that only direct action that is , action concentrated on directly attaining a goal , as opposed to indirect action , such as electing a representative to a government position will allow workers to liberate themselves .
In 1959 he graduated from Askanaz Mravyan school and in 1960 he was admitted into the Physics Department of Moscow State University .
A one-hour special showing of '' The Secret of the Fire Nation '' which aired on September 15 , 2006 , consisting of '' The Serpent 's Pass '' and '' The Drill '' , gathered an audience of 5.1 million viewers .
Reviews = \* AbsolutePunk.net ( 79 % ) link
This was made up of Lotus Cars Limited and Lotus Components Limited which focused on road cars and customer competition car production respectively .
The track reached No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100 for five weeks , having had the longest stay at number one for the entire year .
This template is specially built for fitting route map based on the route diagram template set into the infobox map parameter or anything like that , primarily for .
Aube is a department in the northeastern part of France named after the Aube River .
However , the development of writing systems , and the process by which they have supplanted traditional oral systems of communication has been sporadic , uneven and slow .
Lacertilia , the lizards ;
The main city in the region is Newcastle upon Tyne .
Because alpine tundra is located in various widely-separated regions of the Earth , there is no animal species common to all areas of alpine tundra .
Set in the London of AD 2540 ( 632 A.F. in the book ) , the novel anticipates developments in reproductive technology and sleep-learning that combine to change society .
Bathurst is a regional services centre , the home of one of the campuses of Charles Sturt University , and a tourism centre .
Two Jews : Rich , and Poor ( Frankenstein suggested two separate portraits , still extant , as the basis for Samuel Goldenberg und Schmuyle ) , Gnomus , Tuileries ( now lost ) , Ballet of the Unhatched Chicks ( a ballet costume design ) , Catacombae , The Hut on Hen 's Legs ( Baba Yaga ) , and The Bogatyr Gates .
Simmons began acting at the age of 14 .
Most Christians believe that God is spirit , an uncreated , omnipotent , and eternal being , the creator and sustainer of all things , who works the redemption of the world through his Son , Jesus Christ .
'' Doctors told me to take the rest of the year off , but there was no way '' , Malarchuk said . '' The longer you wait , the harder it 's going to be .
Ten years later , 21-year-old Diego has made a home for himself in East Los Angeles .
On September 18 , 2008 , Shinee 's '' Sanso Gateun Neo ( Love Like Oxygen ) '' was the No. 1 song on M !
The scientific method Physics uses the scientific method to test the validity of a physical theory , using a methodical approach to compare the implications of the theory in question with the associated conclusions drawn from experiments and observations conducted to test it .
EA owns other smaller game companies that they call ` studios ' .
The Bible never speaks of God in an impersonal sense . Instead , it refers to him in personal terms- as one who is , who speaks , who sees , hears , acts , and loves .
The total area of the islets is about 187,450 square metres ( 46 acres ) , with their highest point at 169 metres on the West Islet ( 554 ft ) .
Safran Foer 's protagonist ( who goes by the author 's name and also by the name '' The Collector '' ) comes to Ukraine to look for a woman named Augustine , who saved his grandfather in the war .
He revisited Europe in 1877 , where he stayed until 1880 . He bought machinery in Europe to create the first paper factory in Chile , after which he began publishing foreign works translated into Spanish .
In certain cases Instant Messaging involves additional features , which make it even more popular , i.e. to see the other party , e.g. by using web-cams , or to talk directly for free over the Internet .
Kirsten Caroline Dunst ( born April 30 , 1982 ) is an American actress , model , and singer .
The genre in its current form dates back to the early 1950s .
But it is now such a common practice to use the acronym also to refer to the alphabet itself ( from the phrase ` International Phonetic Alphabet ' ) that resistance seems pedantic .
He took the technical leadership of the olympiacos team , with Andreas Niniadis as his assistant , after Zico 's dismissal .
Mao remains a controversial figure to this day , with a contentious and ever-evolving legacy .
A soldier on vacation here said he was an eyewitness to terrible atrocities in the occupied parts of Poland .
This bill is composed of several horny plates , and along the sides are the two '' tubes '' , long nostrils that give the order its former name .
Although the koala is not a bear , English-speaking settlers from the late 18th century first called it koala bear due to its similarity in appearance to bears .
On December 30 , 2009 , Getzlaf was selected to play for Team Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics . Getzlaf helped Team Canada beat Norway 8-0 in the first game of the 2010 Olympics by scoring one goal .
After splitting with his former girlfriend , Jessica ( Bernice Liu ) , Vincent falls in love with a coffee shop girl called Cheng Choi-Yuk ( Selena Li ) .
Any branding surface that would scar under intense heat ( chiefly for livestock or humans ) .
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible ( also called sometimes physical ) representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
(/O2004/O) ' ( second book of the Abarat Quintet )
In this list the highest sales figure reported for an album is added to the list .
In the 1890s , pastel and oils became his favored media , and he produced no more noirs after 1900 .
Julia Gardiner Tyler ( May 4 , 1820 or July 29 , 1820 -- July 10 , 1889 ) , second wife of John Tyler , was First Lady of the United States from June 26 , 1844 , to March 4 , 1845 .
Stratford , Warwick , and Kenilworth all house 20,000-25 ,000 inhabitants , while the smaller towns of Atherstone , Alcester , Coleshill , Southam , Bulkington , Polesworth , Kingsbury , Henley-in-Arden , Studley , Shipston .
Columbus is a city in Hickman County , Kentucky , United States .
Rivers like the Vichtbach , which passes by the factory supplied the power to move the water wheels , calamine , one major component of the alloy was delivered by the ore mines at Breinigerberg as well as Diepelinchen , and wood for firing the furnaces was available in adequate quantities in the forests of the Eifel .
Again he specialised in British affairs , and the agency sent him as correspondent to London for a couple of years where he was later joined by his wife and two sons .
Vaulx is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Ten subspecies are currently recognized , although some of these are controversial .
A direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
Most Democrats rallied behind Roosevelt , and Spellman eventually met with her at her Hyde Park home to quell the dispute .
The first public versions of Baltix GNU/Linux were released in 2003 and were based on Knoppix Live CD and Debian software packages , Announce of Baltix-Knoppix and later , on Morphix Live CD framework .
At the start of the Lenten period , it is traditional in preparation for the rainy season for the devout to donate to items for the personal use of monks , and of candles to dispel gloom in their quarters and elsewhere within the wat .
Gloucestershire ( ) is a county in South West England .
Ejaculation is the ejecting of semen from the penis , and is usually accompanied by orgasm .
IPCC Supplementary Report : 1992 The 1992 supplementary report was an update , requested in the context of the negotiations on the Framework Convention on Climate Change at the Earth Summit ( United Nations Conference on Environment and Development ) in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 .
As a result of the mass media publicity given to Columbia SDS activists such as Columbia SDS chairperson Mark Rudd during the Columbia Student Revolt , the organization was put on the map politically and '' SDS '' became a household name in the United States for a few years .
The New York Knickerbockers were one of the first organized baseball teams which played under a set of rules similar to the game today .
Falling Rain Genomics , Inc - Badgam It has an average elevation of 3194 metres ( 10478 feet ) .
A few seasons later Bologna became champions of Italy for the second time in 1928 -- 29 giving them a foothold in Italian football , building up a legacy , this was the last time the league was competed in the old system , Serie A was instated the following year .
The Mariana Islands are the southern part of a submerged mountain range that extends 1,565 miles ( 2,519 km ) from Guam to near Japan .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Rajanpur - Government of Pakistan It comprises an area of about 8-10 square kilometres and has a population of almost 1,20,000 .
The buzz generated off the back of the single led to another release , '' Banquet/Staying Fat '' , this time through Moshi Moshi Records , and to the eventual signing with independent label Wichita Recordings in April 2004 .
Interstate 84 ( abbreviated I-84 ) is an Interstate Highway extending from Dunmore , Pennsylvania ( near Scranton ) at an interchange with Interstate 81 to Sturbridge , Massachusetts , at an interchange with the Massachusetts Turnpike ( Interstate 90 ) .
Matthew Paris , English historian , personally interviews King Henry III of England for an entire week while compiling his major work of English history , Chronica Majora .
Acanthocephala ( Greek , ' , thorn + , ' , head ) is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephales , thorny-headed worms , or spiny-headed worms , characterized by the presence of an evertable proboscis , armed with spines , which it uses to pierce and hold the gut wall of its host .
The Blue Tit is a valuable destroyer of pests , though it has not an entirely clean sheet as a beneficial species .
On 15 June 1862 , Gardiner led a gang of 10 men , including Hall , and robbed the gold escort coach near Eugowra of banknotes and 2700 ounces of gold worth more than 14,000 pounds .
Intoko Spain merged with LoQUo , Intoko Germany merged with Kijiji Germany . Intoko Canada merged with Kijiji Canada .
Each shaft is large enough to permit the passage of an entire infantry division in one hour , though the tunnels are not wide enough for tanks or vehicles .
WarGames is a 1983 American thriller film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham .
The discoveries at the poles contrast with the findings of the Huygens probe , which landed near Titan 's equator on January 14 , 2005 .
A rocket or rocket vehicle is a missile , spacecraft , aircraft or other vehicle which obtains thrust from a rocket engine .
Eastman was a founding member of the S.E.M. Ensemble .
Both the first console and first three dimensional Wario platforming title was released for the Nintendo GameCube titled Wario World , which did not use any major elements from previous platforming titles . '
The Julian calendar as used in England until 1752 differed by eleven days after 1700 , and ten days prior to that date .
The candy cane is available year-round , but traditionally surrounds the Christmas holiday , particularly in North America .
KalPa , a Finnish ice hockey team
Brickmaking by hand was still undertaken until very recently , by Keymer Tiles ( formerly the Keymer Brick and Tile company ) whose tiles can be found in buildings such as St. James Church , Piccadilly and Manchester Central Station ( now G-Mex ) .
Though most were published under his well-known pseudonym , Dr. Seuss , he also authored over a dozen books as Theo LeSieg and one as Rosetta Stone .
The Crisis began with the assassination of Emperor Alexander Severus at the hands of his own troops , initiating a fifty-year period in which 20 - 25 claimants to the title of Emperor , mostly prominent Roman Army generals , assumed imperial power over all or part of the Empire .
The band announced the rush-release of Intimacy in a webchat with fans on 18 August 2008 .
Sprimont is a municipality of Belgium .
Schwaderloch is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Harvest Moon 64 is a farm simulation video game developed by Victor Interactive Software and published by Natsume Co. , Ltd for the Nintendo 64 video game console , and the third game in the Harvest Moon series .
Pizieux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The Triassic is usually separated into Early , Middle , and Late Triassic Epochs , and the corresponding rocks are referred to as Lower , Middle , or Upper Triassic .
Saint-Florent has a typically Mediterranean climate - mild winters with temperatures rarely dropping below zero give way to long , warm , dry summers with temperatures peaking at around 35 C in July and August .
He is famous for his intensely expressive madrigals , which use a chromatic language not heard again until the 19th century , and also for committing what are amongst the most notorious murders in musical history .
In 1872 the Great Eastern Railway opened a new branch to Hackney Downs ; to serve this branch a new junction was built to the west of Cambridge Heath Road .
In 2006 , Landis won the first edition of the Amgen Tour of California , before going on to finish first in the 2006 Tour de France . He was stripped of his Tour de France victory and fired from the Phonak team after a drug-control test demonstrated the presence of a skewed testosterone\/epitestosterone ratio during stage 17 .
In early 1986 , the Christmas Island Assembly held a design competition for an island flag ; the winning design was adopted as the informal flag of the territory for over a decade , and in 2002 it was made the official flag of Christmas Island .
It was discovered on October 2 , 1910 by Vincenzo Cerulli , and named after the Latin name for Teramo , Italy , where Cerulli worked .
The original clockwork mechanism , much modified , repaired , and neglected until it was replaced in the early 20th century , can be seen on the floor below .
Gillard is a highly regarded debater , and her performances during parliamentary question time have prompted Peter van Onselen to call her '' the best parliamentary performer on the Labor side '' .
The Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is the executive magistrate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , United States .
Personal life Herman Li was born in Hong Kong , China .
Wild ruminants number at least 75 million and are native to all continents except Australia and Antarctica .
He returned to Prescott , Iowa , to visit his childhood sweetheart , Blanche , and the two were married on February 6 , 1884 .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , is one of two Polish institutions having the nature of an academy of sciences .
Performing arts include the dance , music , opera , drama , magic , Spoken word and circus arts .
Rivers draining into the Gulf include the South Alligator River , the East Alligator River and the Adelaide River .
It is the assumption that editors ' edits and comments are made in good faith .
Becoming common to all of Europe in the Middle Ages , it expanded throughout the world during the Age of Exploration . Christianity has thus become the world 's largest religion .
The filaments are septated and reproduction is by conjugation ; Spirogyra is commonly used in schools to demonstrate this kind of reproduction .
This version was released in Brazil only , so it is widely unknown .
At a young age he read dystopia books such as Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley , which would influence his later work .
He was appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 2001 .
Vaan , Balthier , and Fran are captured by the Archadians and detained at the Nalbina Dungeons .
To get play started , a team is chosen to serve by coin toss .
Feel free to write a note on the bottom of if you want to get in touch with me .
Although Garnet was convicted and sentenced to death , doubt has since been cast on how much he really knew of the plot .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
February 25 & ndash ; Giovanni Battista Morgagni , Italian anatomist ( d. 1771 )
Heliconia is a genus of about 100 to 200 species of flowering plants native to the tropical Americas and the Pacific Ocean islands west to Indonesia .
Niihau is the only Hawaiian island where the Hawaiian language is spoken as a primary language ; .
Additionally he stayed in Copenhagen ( 1926 ) with Niels Bohr and lectured on the atom at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts ( 1928 ) .
René Adler ( born 15 January 1985 in Leipzig ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bayer Leverkusen and the German national team .
The division of work between the ghostwriter and the credited author varies a great deal .
Image : Klein Bottle Folding 1 .
Because of the distortions introduced by this projection , it has little use in navigation or cadastral mapping and finds its main use in thematic mapping .
The band plays all the time uncompromising old school hardcore like Slapshot or 7seconds .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
He repeatedly tried to compose a third symphony for André Previn , but later abandoned the work .
He lives together with his father ( Libero Martini , portrayed by famous Italian actor Lino Banfi ) , his mother-in-law Enrica Solari , and his sister-in-law Alice Solari .
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
His time at Leamington was interrupted between 1942 and 1946 by service in the Royal Artillery during the Second World War .
This origin is , however , unclear and in dispute .
It is the third game to use its gameplay , and is the sequel to Osu !
This evacuation came almost four years to the day after the Cedar Fire of 2003 .
Potential consequences of extinction of frugivorous birds for shrubs of a tropical wet forest , in Levey , D. J. , Silva , W. R. , and M. Galetti , editors .
The Belize national football team is the national team of Belize and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belize .
The human and their Mamodo gain these spells through experience and hard work .
The World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
A sovereign state is a state with a permanent population , a defined territory , a government and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states .
Sint-Truiden ( ) is a city and municipality located in the province of Limburg , Flemish Region , Belgium , near the towns of Hasselt and Tongeren .
The island is remote and kept by the Italian government as a nature preserve and hunting park , and is only accessible by private yacht and permit .
The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach , helping the Swiss Confederation and the allied leagues of the canton of Grisons to be recognised .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina , representing North Carolina and South Carolina in the National Football League .
Croatian is written in Gaj 's Latin alphabet .
On 1 May 2007 , it was announced that New York-based Turtle Pond Publications and the Berlin Zoo had signed a deal for the worldwide publishing rights to Knut with the hopes of raising awareness of global warming issues .
In quantum field theory , at high speed , the creation and annihilation of particles becomes possible , so , it is not possible to keep the number of particles constant .
She also supports the Love Our Children USA organization , which fights violence against children , who named her among their Mothers Who Make a Difference in 2009 .
At St. Petersburg , Florida , Bourdais became the first rookie since Nigel Mansell to claim pole position for his very first race .
The White Rabbit heralds the arrival of the bellicose Queen of Hearts ( Verna Felton ) , the diminutive King ( Dink Trout ) , and a card army .
Unlike Sark , bicycles are also banned .
Political affair may refer to the illicit or scandalous activities of public , such as the Watergate affair , or to a legally constituted government department , for example , the United Nations Department of Political Affairs .
Adhesive tape is one of many varieties of backing materials coated with an adhesive .
The name roughly translates to Saint Mary beyond the Water .
Born in Leigh , James Hilton was the son of John Hilton , the headmaster of Chapel End School in Walthamstow .
John Abbot ( 1587/1588 -- c. 1650 ) was an English Roman Catholic clergyman and poet .
For general elections the county is divided into five constituencies - Cork East , Cork North Central , Cork North West , Cork South Central and Cork South West - which altogether elected 19 TDs .
It is also extremely important as a model organism in modern cell biology research , and is one of the most thoroughly researched eukaryotic microorganisms .
When Graham was hospitalized briefly in 1976 , three Presidents called in one day to wish him well : former President Nixon , current President Ford and President-elect Carter .
FireWire S1600 and S3200 In December 2007 , the 1394 Trade Association announced that products will be available before the end of 2008 using the S1600 and S3200 modes that , for the most part , had already been defined in 1394b and was further clarified in IEEE Std .
Currently , the only year-round residents are defense personnel although a variety of conservation workers , volunteers and scientists spend time there in the summer months .
In retaliation the Joker issues an ultimatum to Gotham that people will die unless Batman reveals his identity , resulting in the deaths of Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb and the judge presiding over the mob trials .
Usually , independent school districts which do not have a high school are not totally independent ; they are part of a school union , the second type of school district .
Guanine ( G ) is one of the four main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA , the others being adenine , cytosine , and thymine ( uracil in RNA ) .
The following towns are situated along the river Prut , from source to mouth : Delatyn , Kolomyia , Sniatyn , Chernivtsi , Novoselytsia , Darabani , Lipcani , Ungheni , Leova , Cantemir and Cahul .
Klaus Kreimeier , The Ufa story : a history of Germany 's greatest film company , 1918 -- 1945 ( University of California Press , 1999 ) , p156
It is the second single and third track from Jimmy Eat World 's album Bleed American .
Naturism ( or nudism ) is a cultural and political movement practising , advocating and defending nudity in private and in public .
After serving as the mayor of Bucharest from June 2000 until December 2004 , he was elected President in the Romanian Presidential Elections of 2004 and inaugurated on December 20 , 2004 .
North America , South America , South Asia , Australasia and Asia generally use the term sister cities .
Elections may fill offices in the legislature , sometimes in the executive and judiciary , and for regional and local government .
An orgasm that is not accompanied by ejaculation is known as a dry orgasm .
Thereafter , he held positions at the Liverpool Royal Infirmary , the Joseph Tie Laboratory , and the Royal Commission on Tuberculosis .
Bethel ( Mamterillirmuit in Central Alaskan Yup ` ik ) is a city located near the west coast of the U.S. state of Alaska , west of Anchorage .
In 2003 screenwriter Katherine Fugate was approached for the project , and was quoted saying that she expects the start of production to be three to five years away , which suggests a release sometime between 2006 and 2009 .
'' Mercury '' , the first single from Bloc Party 's third album Intimacy , was played as an exclusive on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 July 2008 , before being uploaded to the radio station 's website fifteen minutes later .
In their 45 years of existence , the Falcons have compiled a record of 298 - 402 - 6 with division championships in 1980 , 1998 , 2004 , and 2010 . Their first and only Super Bowl appearance was Super Bowl XXXIII in 1999 .
Arad ( ; ; Arad ) is the capital city of Arad County , in western Romania , in the historical region of Cri ana , on the river Mure .
The stadium has been known as Loftus Versfeld Stadium ever since .
After only a few appearances , she joined a stable called The Gathering and was written into angles with the group .
The ensuing document is the earliest known peace treaty in world history .
Biomes are defined by factors such as plant structures ( such as trees , shrubs , and grasses ) , leaf types ( such as broadleaf and needleleaf ) , plant spacing ( forest , woodland , savanna ) , and climate .
In the context of witchcraft , broomstick is likely to refer to the broom as a whole .
The Great Barrier Reef can be reached in less than an hour by boat .
USGS : Spelling of Saturn XXVIII Erriapus is about 10 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,3 Gm in 871 days .
Richard A. Peddie ( born on January , 1947 in Windsor , Ontario ) is the President and CEO of Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment .
June February 9 Pope Gregory XV succeeds Pope Paul V as the 234th pope .
She was raised in the Christian Science faith .
The outlaws then changed into the police uniforms and mixed with the locals , claiming to be reinforcements from Sydney .
The last speaker of Tillamook died in 1970 , rendering the language extinct .
Dame Mary Douglas , DBE , FBA ( 25 March 1921 16 May 2007 ) was a British anthropologist , known for her writings on human culture and symbolism .
( Biscuits , soda breads , and corn bread , among others , are sometimes referred to collectively as '' quick breads '' to indicate that they do not need time to rise before baking . )
Logic Implementation -- design of blocks defined in the microarchitecture at ( primarily ) the register-transfer and gate levels .
The '' NASCAR Sprint Cup Series '' is the sport 's highest level of professional competition .
On 25 December 1990 , with the help of Robert Cailliau and a young student at CERN , he implemented the first successful communication between an HTTP client and server via the Internet .
The first and most notable Modern School was formed in New York City in 1911 , and then later a community was founded around a school , known as Ferrer Colony and Modern School .
British and Pakistani rule During the British Raj , it was declared as the Bohmong circle with limited autonomy .
After Franklin became extratropical , it brushed southeastern Newfoundland , bringing about 1 inch ( 25 mm ) of rain to the area .
The London Borough of Brent is a London borough in North-West London , UK and forms part of Outer London .
Christianity is sourced from Christ , known to be Jewish , and therefore making the same ancestry claim as above .
MTV.com reported that fans of Paramore were speculating about the future of the band and reported rumors of trouble had begun earlier in the month when Josh Farro expressed his anger against the media 's focus on Hayley Williams .
PGP is often used for signing , encrypting and decrypting e-mails to increase the security of e-mail communications .
During the shows in Sweden , Joacim Cans caught a serious throat infection which made it impossible for him to sing .
The organization is maintaining cultural ties to different organizations in Austria , Armenia and the diaspora .
In fact , about one third of all ferns are epiphytes .
Abzac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Gounod was born in Paris , the son of a pianist mother and an artist father .
This ideology was largely inspired by General Pyotr Wrangel , who said upon the White army 's defeat '' The battle for Russia has not ceased , it has merely taken on new forms '' .
Spineshank 's second album The Height of Callousness was released on October 10 , 2000 .
David Moore , Robin Beck , and Christopher Rodning , '' In Search of Fort San Juan : Sixteenth Century Spanish and Native Interaction in the North Carolina Piedmont '' , Warren Wilson College Archaeology Home Page , 2004 , accessed 26 Jun 2008 However the following year the Indians killed the Spanish and burned the fort .
Reitano was born to a poor family in Fiumara , a small village near Reggio Calabria .
Another 500,000 people live in the metropolitan area .
In anatomy , a tubule is a minute tube lined with glandular epithelium .
Saint-Sylvain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
The Fiat 500 is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975 , with limited production of the Fiat 500 K estate continuing until 1977 .
He presented these ideas during the first Olympic Congress of the newly created International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima , which is rich in iron and magnesium .
The water hemisphere , sometimes capitalized as the Water Hemisphere , is the hemisphere on the Earth containing the largest area of water .
Oberkulm is a municipality in the district of Kulm , in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Following their victory at the 2007 elections , the pro-independence Scottish National Party ( SNP ) formed a minority government with its leader , Alex Salmond , becoming First Minister of Scotland .
The family lost their house and at one point were reduced to subsisting on radishes and strawberries .
The first installment of Rambo was both a critical and box office success .
Giorgio Puia ( born 8 March 1938NFT profile ) is a former Italian footballer .
William James Basie was born to Harvey Lee Basie , and Lilly Ann Childs , who lived on Mechanic Street in Red Bank , New Jersey .
In 1968 Kellner gave the diary to his American grandson , Robert Scott Kellner , to translate into English and to bring it to the attention of the public .
Similar to Hurricane Humberto two weeks before , Lorenzo rapidly intensified as it approached central Mexico and it was upgraded to a hurricane that evening , less than seven hours after being named .
However , now any documentation text can be skipped by using '' '' at the sections to skip .
Over a period of three and a half months , Sir David managed to halt the decline and circulation increased to 840,000 .
