The nearest airport is on Kiritimati ( Christmas Island ) , 365 n to the northwest .
He was educated at Larchfield Academy ( now part of Lomond School ) , Helensburgh ; the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College ( which later became the University of Strathclyde ) ; and the University of Glasgow .
In March 2000 , ` N Sync released a long-awaited album , No Strings Attached , which became the fastest-selling album of all time with 2.4 million copies sold in its first week and produced a # 1 single , '' It 's Gon/Ona Be Me '' .
The Swiss confederation allied with ten freed bailiwicks of the former Toggenburg seized the lands of the Thurgau from the Habsburgs in 1460 , and it became a subject territory of seven Swiss cantons ( Zurich , Lucerne , Uri , Schwyz , Unterwalden , Zug and Glarus ) .
The British Rail Class 02 were a class of twenty 0-4-0 diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotives built by the Yorkshire Engine Company in 1960 ( first ten , D2850-D2859 ) and 1961 ( D2860-D2869 ) for service in areas of restricted loading gauge and curvature such as docks .
Griffin was executed by lethal injection on June 21 , 1995 .
According to the States Reorganization Act of 1956 , Bhopal state was integrated into the state of Madhya Pradesh , and Bhopal was declared as its capital .
The V10 can be considered to be constructed by mating two even firing straight-5 engines together .
Amb was a princely state of the former Indian Empire .
The Alps does not form an impassable barrier ; It has been traversed for war and commerce , and later by pilgrims , students and tourists .
The core provision , section 1 , stated that '' the Greater London Council ; and the metropolitan county councils '' shall cease to exist .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
This pressure gradient pushes relatively cool , low-salinity water from the Atlantic across the basin ; it warms and becomes saltier as it travels east , then sinks in the region of the Levant and circulates westward , to spill over the Strait of Gibraltar .
It is one of the most speciose orders in the class Insecta , encompassing moths and the three superfamilies of butterflies , skipper butterflies , and moth-butterflies .
The Commonwealth Parliament was opened on 9 May 1901 in Melbourne by The Prince George , Duke of Cornwall and York , later King George V/PERSON. The only building in Melbourne large enough to house the 14,000 guests was the Royal Exhibition Building . Thereafter , from 1901 to 1927 , the Parliament met in Parliament House , Melbourne , which it borrowed from the Parliament of Victoria ( which sat in the Royal Exhibition Building ) .
The village is accessible via the A39 road , 2 miles from the village .
The rules are almost identical to hurling , with a few exceptions .
Yohannes I becomes king of the Ethiopia following the death of his father Negus Fasilides .
Blutengel is a German Dark pop musical group .
Members of the LDS Church consider their top leaders to be prophets and Apostles , and are encouraged to question them on matters of theology , by means of self-study of the Book of Mormon and the Bible .
Glasgow has three professional football clubs : Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C. together known as the Old Firm , and Partick Thistle F.C. .
Roman recipes are known starting in the 2nd century BCE with Cato the Elder 's De Agri Cultura .
Life after politics From September 2006 until 2007 , Joschka Fischer was a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self-Determination and a visiting professor at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs , both at Princeton University .
One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in nearby Kunming as a result .
The yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree growing up to 15 meters tall .
Karelia is divided between Finland and Russia .
Latin and English text Latin text Translation from the Book of Common Prayer Te Deum laudamus : te Dominum confitemur .
The band changed its name to Atreyu , which was suggested by a friend , Scott Lloyd , aka The Mess .
Religions with a cyclic history often depict Hell as an intermediary period between incarnations .
The role , created in 2000 after the London devolution referendum , was the first directly elected mayor in the United Kingdom .
Ministry ( collective executive ) , the complete body of government ministers under the leadership of a prime minister
Maintenay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Fig Pudding , a young adult chapter book by Fletcher , was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the American Library Association .
Gough M . The Origins of Christian Art , London , 1973 Definition and purpose The most common feature is a cross , rarely with a crucifix , with a rosette or sun disc below it .
She was promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) in the 2009 Queen 's Birthday Honours .
He attended Hope College in Holland , Michigan and received an MFA from The New School in New York City .
He worked at a variety of jobs , including timber merchant , reporter and printer .
Before this , some organisms have been interpreted ( tentatively ) as stem-group polyplacophora ; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the Ordovician .
For thousands of years , all sewing was done by hand .
The inhabitants of the island are descendants of former convicts who were exiled to the island and who have mixed themselves with the Bugis from Sulawesi .
Brand 's autobiography , My Booky Wook , published by Hodder & Stoughton , was released on 2007 and received favourable reviews . The Observer commented that '' Russell Brand 's gleeful tale of drugs and debauchery in My Booky Wook puts most other celebrity memoirs to shame '' .
They are widely used in research , drug discovery , bioassay validation , quality control and manufacturing processes in the pharmaceutical and biotechnological industry and academic organizations .
Dickinson mentions in particular the tracks '' Children of the Damned '' , '' The Prisoner '' and '' Run to the Hills '' .
Further , since peer review activity is commonly segmented by clinical discipline , there is also physician peer review , nursing peer review , dentistry peer review , etc. . Many other professional fields have some level of peer review process : accounting , law , engineering ( e.g. , software peer review , technical peer review ) , aviation , and even forest fire management .
She was a younger sister of Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia and an elder sister of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia , all of whom were falsely rumored to have survived the assassination of the Imperial Family .
Its southern portion known as Salento , a peninsula , forms a high heel on the '' boot '' of Italy .
Avatar : The Last Airbender takes place in a fantasy world that is home to humans , fantastic animals , and spirits .
As a result he was replaced as Chief of Staff to Chiang Kai-Shek and commander of the U.S. Forces , China Theater ( USFCT ) by Major General Albert Wedemeyer .
Alpine newts were originally confined to Central Europe and mountainous Southern Europe , as well as an isolated area on the northern Iberian Peninsula .
The dozen is convenient because its multiples and divisors are convenient : 12 = 2 & times ; 2 & times ; 3 , 3 & times ; 4 = 2 & times ; 6 , 60 = 12 & times ; 5 , 360 = 12 & times ; 30 .
The book was such a success that Porter soon produced a sequel , Pollyanna Grows Up (/O1915/O) .
The war in North America officially ended with the signing of the Treaty of Paris on February 10 , 1763 , and war in the European theater of the Seven Years ' War was settled by the Treaty of Hubertusburg on February 15 , 1763 .
Other members were : ( 1 ) Mr. Pirzada Abdul Sattar Abdul Rehman . ( 2 ) Mr. Muhammed Ayub Khoro .
Published by Nintendo , it was released in North America and Australasia in November 2006 , in Europe in December 2006 , and in Japan in March 2007 .
Goulburn is a provincial city in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Goulburn Mulwaree Council Local Government Area .
Selene is the Titan goddess of the moon .
Labour council , an association of labor unions or union branches in a given area
Kerplunk 's underground success led to a number of major record labels being interested in signing the band , and the band eventually left Lookout !
Applications include roofing , siding and flooring .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
The mission of the Peace Corps includes three goals , which are providing technical assistance , helping people outside the United States understand the culture of the United States , and helping Americans understand the culture of other countries .
The song was the second single from Adams ' 1991-album Waking Up the Neighbours , a successor of the massive hit single '' ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' .
In the summer of 1858 , Grieg met the eminent Norwegian violinist Ole Bull , who was a friend of the family , and whose brother was married to Grieg 's aunt .
Rise of a Hero is the 2005 fantasy novel which comprises the second book in the Farsala Trilogy by Hilari Bell .
The practical uses of the Riemann hypothesis include many propositions which are known to be true under the Riemann hypothesis , and some which can be shown to be equivalent to the Riemann hypothesis .
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
One reason for this , may be that Setesdal stev are often more meditative ( or elegiac ) , in regard to the stev text .
Cecilia Cheung Pak-Chi is a Hong Kong actress and cantopop singer based in Hong Kong .
In 1907 , the U.S. Supreme Court decided , in Pearcy v. Stranahan , that the island did not belong to the United States .
It operated high-speed express train services on the East Coast Main Line from 1996 until 9 December 2007 when the franchise was taken over by National Express East Coast .
Vandalism can not and will not be tolerated .
At the same time , increasing unrest and uprisings by serfs and peasants , like Tyler 's Rebellion in England in 1381 , put pressure on the nobility and the clergy to reform the system .
Clean start under a new name : If you decide to make a fresh start , you can discontinue the old account ( s ) and create a new one that becomes the only account you use .
It was replaced with a shortened version of '' Problem Child '' from the Australian version of the album Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap , released in September 1976 .
The Australopithecines are now thought to be ancestors of the genus Homo , the group to which modern humans belong .
Ricardo Gallego Redondo ( born 8 February 1959 in Madrid ) is a retired Spanish footballer , in the defensive midfielder position .
His poetry followed the style of Li Bai and his calligraphy that of Wang Xizhi .
Michaels then trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock , but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission .
The Flag of Argentina was created by Manuel Belgrano during the Argentine War of Independence .
Thoth was often considered to be the heart- which , according to the ancient Egyptians , is the seat of intelligence or the mind- and tongue of the sun god Ra , as well as the means by which Ra 's will was translated into speech .
This feature allows the viewers to play a quiz .
Created by Paul Norris and Mort Weisinger , the character debuted in More Fun Comics # 73 ( Nov. 1941 ) .
State Route 1 runs through the town and State Route 116 runs nearby , along the Russian River .
Koicha , or thick tea , requires significantly more matcha ; approximately 3.75 grams for one serving , Japanese on-line encyclopedia entry on koicha , by Japanese tea historian or as many as six teaspoons to 3/4 cup of water .
Marles-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Carl Gustav Jung ( ; 26 July 1875 -- 6 June 1961 ) was a Swiss psychiatrist , an influential thinker and the founder of analytical psychology known as Jungian psychology .
Similarly , a Senate may not overrule a standing precedent of the other Senate ; such issues will be submitted to a plenary meeting of all 16 judges ( the '' Plenum '' ) .
Komodo dragons are solitary , coming together only to breed and eat .
Beginning writing in 1984 , he had his first novel A Time To Kill published in June 1989 .
The cloister , which encloses the Well of the Geese ( Font de les Oques ) was completed about 1450 .
Bisky , one of 54 Left MPs , was nominated by his party to become one of the six vice presidents of the Bundestag .
For the bone in many mammals often called the penis bone , see baculum
His father , Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter , a substance abuse counselor , is African-American ; his mother , Dorothy , is of Irish/German descent .
The name '' RC4 '' is trademarked , so RC4 is often referred to as '' ARCFOUR '' or '' ARC4 '' ( meaning Alleged RC4 ) to avoid trademark problems .
Therefore , there is always heat lost to the environment .
The son of William Blessed , a socialist miner , and Hilda Wall , Blessed was born in the town of Goldthorpe near Mexborough in Yorkshire , England .
Under the Jagiellon dynasty Poland forged a union with its neighbor , the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
Alfred Jodl G G G G Death Wehrmacht Generaloberst , Keitel 's subordinate and Chief of the OKW 's Operations Division 1938-1945 .
See also Variable nebula References James B. Kaler ( 1998 ) .
It has a satellite television service , ( DW-TV ) , that is available in four languages , and there is also an online news site .
Subsequent to World War II the Rathaus served as the city hall of West Berlin until 1991 when the administration of the reunited City of Berlin moved back to the Rotes Rathaus in Mitte .
France and the U.K. account for 40 % of EU defence spending .
Leonard James Callaghan , Baron Callaghan of Cardiff , KG , PC ( 27 March 1912 -- 26 March 2005 ) , was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1976 to 1979 and leader of the Labour Party from 1976 to 1980 .
Claude Earl '' Chuck '' Rayner ( born - August 11 , 1920 in Sutherland , Saskatchewan , died - October 6 , 2002 ) was a Canadian professional hockey goaltender who played 9 seasons in the National Hockey League for the New York Americans and New York Rangers .
The Bali Nine is the name given to a group of nine people arrested on 17 April 2005 , in Denpasar on the island of Bali , Indonesia , in a plan to smuggle of heroin valued at approximately AUD 4 million from Indonesia to Australia .
The final segment of the film deals with issues related to Islam in the Netherlands , under the heading : '' The Netherlands under the spell of Islam '' .
All three forms have been responsible for high mortality rates in epidemics throughout human history , including the Black Death ( a bubonic plague ) that accounted for the death of at least one-third of the European population in 1347 to 1353 .
Nicholas '' Nick '' Thompson Swisher ( born November 25 , 1980 , in Columbus , Ohio ) is an outfielder for the New York Yankees .
Natural History WordNet Search , princeton.edu .
At Yale Law School , she taught seminars on crime and the family : this led to a transatlantic collaboration with Joseph Goldstein and Albert Solnit on children and the law , published as Beyond the Best Interests of the Child ( 1973 ) .
It was first printed in 1712 in the Georgian capital Tbilisi .
King Frederick III of Denmark ( 1648 -- 1670 ) .
Bethany is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
Given the difficulties with the original plot , a revised version , with text changes by Arrigo Boito , was first performed at La Scala , Milan on 24 March 1881 .
The highway then continues to the Halekou Interchange with state route 83 ( Kamehameha Highway ) , then for four more miles until it reaches the main gate of Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
Adams was appointed to a three-man drafting committee with his cousin John Adams and James Bowdoin .
Nuclear fuel is a material that can be consumed to derive nuclear energy , by analogy to chemical fuel that is burned for energy .
Alexey Ekimyan ( , ) also Alexey Gurgenovich Hekimyan ( April 10 , 1927 -- April 24 , 1982 ) was a famous Armenian-Russian composer , and author of popular songs .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
SS Bismarck (/O1914/O) , German ocean liner , later RMS Majestic
Saint-Jouin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
After school they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope .
Lee Taemin , commonly known as Taemin , is a Sub-Vocalist and the original Lead Dancer of the group .
Others Roman amphitheatre and museum .
As the sea level rose further still , most of the continental islands were submerged .
Religion The Slovak constitution guarantees freedom of religion .
Laon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Laon ) is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries , earlier than the cathedrals of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris and ranking with them in importance .
Before coming under German rule in 1884 , the town was also known as Cameroons Town ; thereafter it became Kamerunstadt ( '' Camaroon City '' ) , the capital of German Kamerun .
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , the thirty-fifth President of the United States , was assassinated at 12:30 p.m. Central Standard Time ( 18:30 UTC ) on Friday , November 22 , 1963 , in Dealey Plaza , Dallas , Texas .
The Hornets opened their inaugural season in New Orleans on October 30 , 2002 , against the Utah Jazz , who were originally known as the New Orleans Jazz .
Currently the sun 's core has a temperature of approximately 15 million K , but when it runs out of hydrogen , the compression of the core will cause the temperature to rise to about 100 million K.
Born to Leena and Toomas , Katrin has a younger sister Triin-Ketlin .
Fengyuan City ( ) is located in north-central Taichung County in Taiwan on the south bank of the Dajia River .
He was a founder of algorithmic complexity theory , often referred to as Kolmogorov complexity theory , which he began to develop around this time .
Bhutto was the first woman elected to lead a Muslim state , having twice been Prime Minister of Pakistan ( 1988 - 1990 ; 1993 - 1996 ) .
Like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra , the work is clearly Christian , and features several apostles being seen in heaven . However , the text is significantly shorter than the Apocalypse .
The Treasurer is generally the head of the Treasury , although , in some countries ( such as the U.S. or the UK ) the treasurer reports to a Secretary of the Treasury , or Chancellor of the Exchequer .
It currently has one councillor in local government , and participated in the 2010 general election as part of the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition .
Karolina Bock was married twice .
According to the preface the purpose of Luke is to write a historical accountN .
By allowing the establishment of geological timescales , it provides a significant source of information about the ages of fossils and the deduced rates of evolutionary change .
Sommervieu is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Palace of Westminster , also known as the Houses of Parliament or Westminster Palace , is the meeting place of the two houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom- the House of Lords and the House of Commons .
One-third of all indigenous inhabitants of Sub-Saharan Africa carry the gene , because in areas where malaria is common , there is a fitness benefit in carrying only a single sickle-cell gene ( sickle cell trait ) .
She resided on the island alone for 18 years before she was found by Captain George Nidever and his crew in 1853 and brought back to Santa Barbara .
Coombs suffered a stroke on September 10 , 2001 , and died on September 18 , 2001 in Toronto , Ontario at the age of 73 .
Crime and Punishment ( Pryestupleniye i nakazaniye ) is a novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky .
They were married on May 29 , 1849 , and together had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood ; the other three died of typhoid .
Wikipedia readers have two possibilities to influence the way Wikipedia content is displayed on their screens : by creating an account and reading Wikipedia while logged in .
The Swahili Wikipedia is the Swahili language edition of Wikipedia .
Bais is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Lozi may refer to :
Emmaus Nicopolis was the name of the city from the 3rd century CE until the conquest of Palestine by the forces of the Rashidun Caliphate in 639 .
Clearwater is located at .
Oak Grove is a city in Christian County , Kentucky , United States , adjacent to the Fort Campbell Army base .
In 1937 he became a victim of Stalinism The list of victims of stalinism ( in Russian ) .
The Maltese ( ) are an ethnic group associated with the Southern European nation of Malta , and with the Maltese language .
Suggested mechanisms for the latter include large or multiple bolide impact events , increased volcanism , and sudden release of methane clathrate from the sea floor ; gradual changes include sea-level change , anoxia , increasing aridity , and a shift in ocean circulation driven by climate change .
Historical Scientist Francis Crick , born in the town in 1916 , along with James D. Watson discovered the structure of DNA , and went on to win a Nobel Prize .
Max thinks of himself as stupid and is in learning disabled classes .
Tracy left homeless more than 41,000 out of the 47,000 inhabitants of the city prior to landfall and required the evacuation of over 30,000 people .
He currently lives in Philadelphia .
Services are currently operated by London Midland on behalf of Centro .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
They are among the least evolutionarily changed insects , appearing in the Devonian period along with the arachnids .
In late April 1930 , Jesse L. Lasky , on behalf of Paramount Pictures , offered him the opportunity to make a film in the United States .
Some BIOS chips allow overclocking , an action in which the CPU is adjusted to a higher clock rate than its factory preset .
During that time she fostered a close relationship with Zhou Enlai and was on familiar terms with Mao Zedong .
Most penguins feed on krill , fish , squid , and other forms of sealife caught while swimming underwater .
Other players who checked on the first round may subsequently call or raise if someone else opens .
Statute of 17 February 1714/15 , quoted in Statutes ( 1978 ) , p20 Aside from these special occasions , however , much simpler insignia are used whenever a member of the Order attends an event at which decorations are worn .
Religious ties to ancient Egypt By the 6th millennium BC , evidence of a prehistoric religion or cult appears , with a number of sacrificed cattle buried in stone-roofed chambers lined with clay .
Solar radiation , tides , winds and hydroelectricity are in no danger of a lack of long-term availability .
On January 1 , 2006 Bilzen had a total population of 30,057 .
In 1994 they used the name Rocket Baby Dolls with a goth/glam image to compete in a local battle of the bands .
In December 2008 , Logitech announced the production of its billionth mouse .
Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the course of the show , she had to face a series of challenges in order to outrival her contestants .
The Bahrain Grand Prix is usually the third race on the Formula One calendar , apart from the 2006 season , when Bahrain swapped places with the traditional opener , the Australian Grand Prix , which was pushed back to avoid a clash with the Commonwealth Games .
It is the companion to patrol Hightower .
In satyagraha , by contrast , these are not the goals .
Kupreanof is a city at the eastern shore of Kupreanof Island in the Petersburg Census Area , in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The earliest datable references to the dynasty are in inscriptions from the 3rd century BC left by Asoka , a northern ruler ; the dynasty continued to reign over varying territory until the 13th century AD .
Loitering is an intransitive verb meaning to stand idly , to stop numerous times , or to delay and procrastinate .
The complexity of an organism 's signal transduction processes tends to increase with the complexity of the organism itself .
The first partial translation of Genji Monogatari into English was by Suematsu Kench .
South Norwood is also the home to South Norwood Country Park , a former sewage farm and site of a fireworks factory now converted into a nature reserve .
Wilhelm Reich ( March 24 , 1897 November 3 , 1957 ) was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , known as one of the most radical figures in the history of psychiatry .
The total area is 14.34 km which gives a population density of 577 inhabitants per km .
A new logo has also been designed for the new version , and is incorporated in the boot screen .
Their songs typically have humorous and off-beat , satirical lyrics that often deal with sexual subjects and contain many puns and innuendos .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
The reason for the moratorium ( on commercial whaling ) was scientific uncertainty about the number of whales .
Glossary of Meteorological Terms , NovaLynx Corporation .
Alternately , '' Dharma '' may be seen as an ultimate and transcendent truth which is utterly beyond worldly things , somewhat like the Greek logos , seeing the dharma as referring to the '' truth '' or ultimate reality or '' the way things are '' .
In Western Europe , the rise of powerful monarchs , towns , and an improving economy weakened the manorial system through the 13th and 14th centuries , and serfdom was rare following the Renaissance .
A church building is a building or structure whose primary purpose is to facilitate the meeting of a church .
Prior to 2005 , she was a secondary school student .
The rectum shortens as material is forced into the anal canal and peristaltic waves propel the feces out of the rectum .
Blairville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
All of the band members use pseudonyms and wear their own unique mask , most of which are based on the common hockey goaltender design .
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers : Season Three ; '' Rangers in Reverse '' Cast The Power Rangers Jason Lee Scott The original Red Power Ranger and the first leader of the team .
June -- The 17th edition of the Mediterranean Games will begin in Volos and Larisa , Greece .
The angle of the slats may be adjustable , usual in blinds and windows , or fixed .
Rubidium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Rb and atomic number 37 .
Independent developers Independents are small software developers that are not owned by or beholden to a single publisher .
In Ireland , 1.18 i of precipitation fell in the city of Cork .
In the first revolution of February 1917 ( March in the Gregorian calendar ) , the Tsar was deposed and replaced by a Provisional government .
Using this definition , the flux of the Poynting vector over a specified surface is the rate at which electromagnetic energy flows through that surface .
The national office ( NO ) in New York City consisted of a few desks , some broken chairs , a couple of file cabinets and a few typewriters .
In Hindu beliefs , great significance is attached to offering honey to this goddess , as honey is representative of perfect knowledge .
Strong waves hit western Jamaica , with wave heights unofficially estimated at nearly 7 feet ( 2 m ) in height .
The word arse in English derives from the Germanic root \* arsaz , which originated from the Proto-Indo-European root \* ors - meaning buttocks or backside .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O9/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
The average person has hundreds of eylashes .
The American Federation of Musicians defines arranging as '' the art of preparing and adapting an already written composition for presentation in other than its original form .
Nagorny tried to come to her assistance ; he was roughly pushed back by one of the commisars ... '' Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden told of her sad last glimpse of Anastasia : '' Once , standing on some steps at the door of a house close by , I saw a hand and a pink-sleeved arm opening the topmost pane .
As of 2005 , nuclear power provided 2.1 % of the world 's energy and 15 % of the world 's electricity , with the U.S. , France , and Japan together accounting for 56.5 % of nuclear generated electricity .
During this time , Wilbur befriends Cardigan , a newborn lamb that is looked down upon by the other lambs and the younger sheep of his flock because he has black wool .
Californium is a synthetic radioactive metallic chemical element in the actinide series with the symbol Cf and atomic number 98 .
The DVP was initially seen , along with the German National People 's Party , as part of the '' national opposition '' to the Weimar Republic , particularly for its grudging acceptance of democracy and its ambivalent attitude towards the Freikorps and the Kapp Putsch in 1920 .
It has also gained popularity in console video game hardware , where it is often used instead of EEPROMs or battery-powered static RAM ( SRAM ) for game save data .
Image : Circe Offering the Cup to Odysseus .
The club was founded in 1877 and since 1889 has played at Molineux .
You can choose from one of six riders , each with his own pre-set handling attributes .
This template leaves leading space before the apostrophe , unlike the similar ( no spacing ) .
As one of the most common and widespread domestic animals , and with a population of more than 24 billion in 2003 , there are more chickens in the world than any other species of bird .
Lowering the Admiral 's personal flag was a sign of surrender , and even an unintentional fall was unacceptable .
Elizabeth II then became queen until 1956 , when Pakistan became a republic and the link with the British crown was severed .
Development Eggs take about ten days to hatch .
Since the storm also extinguished their fire and they were unable to create another one on account of everything being wet , they merely enjoyed what they had and ate the fish raw .
The break In October 1890 , von Meck sent Tchaikovsky a year 's subsidy in advance , along with a letter ending her patronage .
When county councils were initially introduced in England in 1889 about 20 % of the area of Middlesex , along with a third of its population , was transferred to the County of London , and the remainder formed a smaller county , in the north-west , under the control of Middlesex County Council .
Indian religions is a classification for religions that originated in the Indian subcontinent ; namely Hinduism , Jainism , Buddhism and Sikhism .
Dr. Mark D. Maughmer ( born January 18 , 1950 ) is a Professor of Aerospace Engineering in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at The Pennsylvania State University .
Notes are made by striking with one hand near the frame or the center with the thumb , finger tips , heel , or palm of the hand .
Lyrics in the genre commonly deal with paganism , nature , fantasy , mythology and history .
Fermo is now the capital city of the new province of Fermo , effective from 2009 .
By the end of the war , the Romanian army had suffered about 300,000 casualties .
Apple trees are small , typically 4 -- 12 m tall at maturity , with a dense , twiggy crown .
'' Afrikaans is the language that connects Western Europe and Africa ... It forms a bridge between the large , shining West and the magical Africa ... And what great things may come from their union -- that is maybe what lies ahead for Afrikaans to discover .
Mogtédo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
Rau died in Berlin on 27 January 2006 .
The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
The district of Brig is a district in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
The London Borough of Havering is a London borough in North East London , England and forms part of Outer London .
Previously , the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 until his succession by Johnson .
Others trampled by other Jews in merciless marches from one camp to another .
Diocletian may or may not have been present at the battle , but would present himself soon afterwards at Antioch , where the official version of events was made clear : Galerius was to take all the blame for the affair .
The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and are the defending World Series champions .
He received a PhD in transportation engineering and planning from IUST in 1997 .
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden during the mid-1980s .
Escoffier 's recipes , techniques and approaches to kitchen management remain highly influential today , and have been adopted by chefs and restaurants not only in France , but also throughout the world .
Both parts of the Eastern Mediterranean basin feature a vast number of islands , islets and rock islands .
Benno von Arent ( 19 July 1898 -- 14 October 1956 ) was a German Nazi , member of the Nazi Party and SS , responsible for art , theaters , movies etc./O.
The figure above is a schematic that depicts one possible view of the relationship between the fields :
Melina Nava Pérez ( born March 9 , 1979 ) , better known simply as Melina , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wrestling on its Raw brand where she is the current WWE Divas Champion .
As with the rest of Somalia , Islam is the main religion of the Puntland region . With few exceptions , all residents of Puntland are Muslims .
Leuggern is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Of the eleven tropical cyclones that formed during the season , four affected land , with the most notable storm of the season being Hurricane Ismael , which killed at least 116 people in Mexico .
Cissac-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Movies After her roles in Show Me Love and Sherdil , Liljeberg began an adult education course in order to graduate from high school .
Captain James Cook sighted Manuae on September 23 1773 , the first of the Cook Islands he voyaged to .
The Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy began after 12 editorial cartoons , most of which depicted the Islamic prophet Muhammad , were published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten on 30 September 2005 .
The highest point on the Jurassic Coast , and on the entire south coast of Britain , is Golden Cap at .
The Wall Street Crash of 1929 ( October 1929 ) , also known as the Great Crash , and the Stock Market Crash of 1929 , was the most devastating stock market crash in the history of the United States , taking into consideration the full extent and duration of its fallout .
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , San Fernando spans an area of 2441.3 s and has 63,732 inhabitants ( 31,157 men and 32,575 women ) .
Soon the Elbe reaches Hamburg , and then passes through Holstein until it flows into the North Sea at Cuxhaven .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
Black Flag 's tours in 1980 and 1981 brought them in contact with developing hardcore scenes in many parts of North America , and blazed trails that were followed by other touring bands .
It also includes the same date ( and time ) duplicated in a hidden ( by CSS ) ISO date format , for use in microformats . This hidden date degrades gracefully when CSS is not available .
Mustard gas was originally assigned the name LOST , after Lommel and Steinkopf , who first proposed the military use of sulfur mustard to the German Imperial General Staff .
He became musical director of the NHK Symphony Orchestra in 2004 .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
As they spread to the east , the Manichaean writings passed through Middle Persian , Parthian , Sogdian , Tocharian and ultimately Uyghur and Chinese translations .
Displayed at right is the web color fire brick , a medium dark shade of scarlet\/red .
It achieved city status in 1853 , only the second such grant since the Reformation .
The kilogram is defined as being equal to the mass of the International Prototype Kilogram ( IPK ) , Also known by its French-language name .
He studied piano first with his mother , and while the family was in Berlin between 1844 and 1846 , he studied piano with Theodor Kullak and harmony and counterpoint with Siegfried Dehn ; during this time both he and his brother Anton attracted the interest and support of Mendelssohn and Meyerbeer .
Healesville Sanctuary , or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park , is a zoo specializing in native Australian animals .
It has yielded many archaeological discoveries , including one of the first specimens of Homo erectus , dubbed Peking Man , and a fine assemblage of bones of the gigantic hyena Pachycrocuta brevirostris .
No more than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas survived the massacre .
Rocas Atoll in the Atlantic Ocean , 260 km Northeast of Natal , also belongs to the state of Rio Grande do Norte .
The average is per person in rural areas and per person in urban areas .
The People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , established in 1949 , commonly known as China , has control over mainland China and the largely self-governing territories of Hong Kong ( since 1997 ) and Macau ( since 1999 ) .
A Swift Guide to the Butterflies of Mexico and Central America .
The macula or macula lutea ( from Latin macula , '' spot '' + lutea , '' yellow '' ) is an oval-shaped highly pigmented yellow spot near the center of the retina of the human eye .
Though many more modern darkrooms use an amber safelight , red illumination is closely associated with the darkroom in the public mind .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
Marchamp is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Live - Friday the 13th is a live DVD and CD release by Maroon 5 . It was recorded on May 13 , 2005 in Santa Barbara , California at the Santa Barbara Bowl .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and given the temporary designation S/2003 S 1 .
VW Golf Twin Drive Plug-In Hybrid Diesel Makes Prius Look Thirsty
Sports Illustrated is an American sports magazine owned by media conglomerate Time Warner .
It is situated just off the Mid-Western Highway 258 km west of Sydney and 52 km south-west of Bathurst and is 720 m above sea-level .
Her story was the basis for Scott O'Dell 's Newbery Medal-winning 1961 novel Island of the Blue Dolphins .
Net income is equal to the income that a firm has after subtracting costs and expenses from the total revenue .
Created in 2005 by Oregon State physics graduate Bobby Henderson , it was originally intended as a satirical protest against the decision by the Kansas State Board of Education to permit the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in public schools .
For example , dots 1-3-4 ( ) would describe a cell with three dots raised , at the top and bottom in the left column and on top of the right column , i.e. , the letter m/O. The lines of horizontal Braille text are separated by a space , much like visible printed text , so that the dots of one line can be differentiated from the Braille text above and below .
Further examples of the cartoons were soon reprinted in newspapers in more than fifty other countries , further deepening the controversy .
The performing arts classically include theatre\/drama , music , opera , and dance , mime and pantomime .
The show 's first night back on USA was billed as the '' WWE Homecoming '' and featured the return of former WWE Champions such as Hulk Hogan , Steve Austin , Shawn Michaels , Mick Foley , Triple H and Vince McMahon along with cameos from legends such as Roddy Piper , Jimmy Hart , Jimmy Snuka and Harley Race .
Tanzania 's National Assembly moved there in February 1996 , but many government offices remain in the previous national capital , Dar es Salaam , which remains the commercial capital .
They provide direct legal assistance to victims of human rights abuses through a global network of legal professionals , non-governmental organizations and other human rights advocates .
Geography Warwickshire is bounded to the northwest by the West Midlands metropolitan county and Staffordshire , by Leicestershire to the northeast , Northamptonshire to the east , Worcestershire to the west , Oxfordshire to the south and Gloucestershire to the southwest .
The empire was put under the authority of a regent in the person of Perdiccas in 323 BC , and the territories were divided between Alexander 's generals , who thereby became satraps , at the Partition of Babylon in 323 BC .
Carnarvon is a coastal town situated approximately 900 kilometres north of Perth , Western Australia .
The county seat is Brazil .
Stranu Oktyabrya sozdala na zemlye ty Moguchuyu Rodinu vol 'n ykh lyudey .
Also known as '' seven eight '' or '' stud eight '' , eight or better is the most common form of high-low split stud .
They are herbs or evergreen vines , growing to heights of 20 m in trees , climbing by means of aerial roots which act as hooks over branches ; these roots will also grow into the soil to help support the plant .
As the front pair wears down and drops out in pieces , the back pair shifts forward , and two new molars emerge in the back of the mouth .
Brunnenthal was a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
Many preserved historical buildings are the evidence of the 770 years of its existence .
Langridge was also a fine concert singer and regularly performed the sacred music of Bach and Handel .
Over his lifetime , a man 's risk of testicular cancer is roughly 1 in 250 ( four tenths of one percent , or 0.4 percent ) .
The city lost its prime importance around 2000 BC , in the context of the struggle of Babylonia with Elam , but it remained inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian periods until it was finally abandoned during the Sassanid period shortly before the Islamic conquest of Mesopotamia .
The name of the town was later changed to Kotzebue after Baltic-German navigator Otto von Kotzebue as well as the name of the Kotzebue Sound .
Color schemes are logical combinations of colors on the color wheel .
Five of the members also collaborated together on the music for Cocteau 's work Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel which was produced by the Ballets Suédois , the rival to the Ballets Russes .
English and German are the most widely spoken foreign languages .
By using heroines , Bunyan , in the Second Part , illustrates the idea that women as well as men can be brave pilgrims .
She argued that to attain even modest success , Western practices are adopted and traditional economic structures and values abandoned .
The label is a joint venture with Megaforce Records in the United States and Canada and is distributed through Sony BMG Music Entertainment\/RED Distribution .
Once noted as the '' organizer of victory '' by Winston Churchill for his leadership of the Allied victory in World War II , Marshall served as the United States Army Chief of Staff during the war and as the chief military adviser to President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Its capital city is Barcelona .
Armour or armor ( see spelling differences ) is protective covering used to prevent damage from being inflicted to an individual or a vehicle through use of direct contact weapons or projectiles , usually during combat .
Young was drafted again on June 5 , 1989 by the Montreal Expos in the 6th round ( 148th overall pick ) of the amateur draft .
After the Women 's Championship was vacated due to the legitimate retirement of Trish Stratus , James entered a tournament to determine the new champion .
The moth can be found in Europe and the North of Iran .
In 1929 he published the book Das Prinzip geographischer Rassenkreise und das Problem der Artbildung that discussed the relationship between geography and speciation .
Casuarius bennetti , Dwarf Cassowary or Bennett 's Cassowary , found in New Guinea , New Britain , and on Yapen , mainly in highlands .
Oceanside , California , United States '' Chris Thile : Covering the Bases '' .
When Casals was eleven , he first heard the real cello performed by a group of traveling musicians , and decided to dedicate himself to the instrument .
Schuschnigg announces a referendum On 9 March , as a last resort to preserve Austria 's independence , Schuschnigg scheduled a plebiscite on the independence of Austria for 13 March .
The Legislative Assembly first met on 1 October 1791 , and degenerated into chaos less than a year later .
Others see her as sympathetic to ` radical ' politics that challenged the established order , especially in the form of critics see Austen 's novels as neither conservative nor subversive , but complex , criticizing aspects of the social order but supporting stability and an open class hierarchy . ''
Samaro
Goulburn is a provincial city in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Goulburn Mulwaree Council Local Government Area .
Family background Charles Stewart Parnell was born in Avondale , County Wicklow , of gentry stock .
Once off the northern coast of Honduras , the depression became disorganized , but managed to slightly intensify , reaching its peak intensity with winds of 30 mph ( 45 km\/h ) on the afternoon of October 15 .
Euroa is a town in the Shire of Strathbogie in North-East Victoria , Australia .
Grévy 's Zebra , Equus grevyi
U.S. Census Bureau with an estimated metro-area population of 1,206,142 .
As Emperor , he saw himself as the new Augustus , an enlightened despot destined to guide the Roman Empire into a new era of Flavian renaissance .
Most of the energy extracted from their food is used for growing .
Bryan Vore of Game Informer said that human faces and some textures were just '' embarrassing '' .
After pursuing Confederate General Robert E. Lee into Maryland , Union Army Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan launched attacks against Lee 's army , in defensive positions behind Antietam Creek .
Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Scott Young ( born May 26 , 1965 in Oakville , Ontario ) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the minor leagues in North America and in Britain 's top level leagues .
Ronald Koeman ( born 21 March 1963 in Zaandam , Noord-Holland ) is a former Dutch footballer and former manager of AZ .
Golden Balls is also an informal nickname for English footballer David Beckham and an alternative name for the movie Huevos de oro .
Berrios G.E. (/O2004/O) Of mania .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
Sus-Saint-L éger is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska .
Since then , it has become the seventh most populated municipality in Spain , and a thriving services city .
Just then , Alice sees a White Rabbit ( Bill Thompson ) wearing a waistcoat and carrying a large pocket watch .
Because of this support , Bayreuth was able to maintain some artistic independence under the Third Reich , despite the use of Wagner 's works as Nazi propaganda tools .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
He last played for the NBA 's Minnesota Timberwolves , who waived him on March 13 , 2007 .
It is the third installment in the Killzone series that began on the PlayStation 2 with Killzone and continued on the PlayStation Portable with Killzone : Liberation .
Carloman met his death while hunting on 12 December 884 and was succeeded in the rule by his cousin , the Emperor Charles the Fat .
Parchim is a Kreis ( district ) in the southwestern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany .
Most minerals and inorganic pigments as well as many synthetic organic dyes are salts .
In 1784 he became curate of Selborne for the fourth time , remaining so until his death .
No royal had undertaken such an ambitious tour before .
In the next match , Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match , which is a standard match involving three wrestlers with no disqualifications .
An atom 's electronegativity is affected by both its atomic number and the distance that its valence electrons reside from the charged nucleus .
Norfolk ( or ) is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States .
The paper also became more openly political during the time of Punk .
He was immediately arrested by waiting members of the Long Beach Police Department ; when asked by a reporter why he had done it , Walters replied , '' A man ca n't just sit around . ''
The title of this work is misleading , for it is neither a letter nor was it written by the prophet Jeremiah .
Typically , Black Forest gateau consists of several layers of chocolate cake , with whipped cream and cherries between each layer . Then the cake is decorated with additional whipped cream , maraschino cherries , and chocolate shavings .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
Established in 1962 with an objective to provide state-of-the-art facilities and access to the Southern Sky to European astronomers , it is famous for building and operating some of the largest and most technologically advanced telescopes in the world , such as the New Technology Telescope ( NTT ) , the telescope that pioneered active optics technology , and the Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) , consisting of four 8-meter class telescopes and four 1.8-m Auxiliary Telescopes .
Brisingr , or The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular , is the third book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini .
In that same year , she also appeared in an episode of Beverly Hills , 90210 .
It is 12 miles outside of the city center of Columbia and is part of the Columbia Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Hamoodur Rahman Commission Report , chapter 2 , paragraph 33 The international media and reference books in English have also published figures which vary greatly from 200,000 to 3,000,000 for Bangladesh as a whole .
Dendermonde ( French : Termonde ) is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
However , these versions ( and other browsers , most notably Internet Explorer ) are not actively supported .
Boiling tubes are commonly made from Pyrex glass which can withstand high temperatures .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
The start of this process is commonly referred by Germans as die Wende ( The Turning Point . )
September & ndash ; Anne de Mortimer , Countess of Cambridge ( b. 1390 )
Kosuke Kitani is a Japanese football player who plays for Sagan Tosu .
Nikos Sampson ( Nicos Sampson ; ; December 16 , 1935 -- May 9 , 2001 ) was the de facto president of Cyprus that succeeded Archbishop Makarios , President of Cyprus , in 1974 .
Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia .
The largest islands are : Saona , close to the southeastern coast of the Hispaniola , in the Caribbean Sea .
Catawba County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Recording a total of 12 number-one singles , The Supremes became the most successful American vocal group of the 1960s , and , after The Beatles , the second most successful group worldwide .
Mineralized exoskeletons first appeared in the fossil record about 550 million years ago , and their evolution is considered by some to have played a role in the subsequent Cambrian explosion of animals .
Later that year he starred with Wesley Snipes in the futuristic action film Demolition Man which grossed in excess of $ 158 million worldwide .
The Camp Nou ( , New Field ) , often erroneously called the Nou Camp in English , is a football stadium in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
She conceptualized the idea of machine-independent programming languages , which led to the development of COBOL , one of the first modern programming languages .
Troutdale is a town in Grayson County , Virginia , United States .
The Trinidad and Tobago national football team , nicknamed The Soca Warriors , is the national team of Trinidad and Tobago and is controlled by the Trinidad and Tobago Football Federation .
Mikel Alonso Olano ( born 16 May 1980 in Tolosa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for CD Tenerife , as a midfielder .
It is often used as a travel reference point in the Atlanta area by locals and pilots .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
The Flag of Sri Lanka , also called the Lion Flag , consists of a gold lion , holding a sword in its right fore paw , in front of a crimson background with four golden bo leaves in each corner .
The Epistle of Paul to the Ephesians , usually referred to simply as Ephesians , is the tenth book of the New Testament .
The union council of Nagri Bala is situated in the south central part of Abbottabad District , and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district .
Son House recorded for Paramount Records in 1930 and for Alan Lomax from the Library of Congress in 1941 and 1942 .
Autoconfirmed status is required to move pages , edit semi-protected pages , and upload files or upload a new version of an existing file . Autoconfirmed users are no longer required to enter a CAPTCHA for most events .
In the May 10 election , Roberts got 39 % of the votes and Marsh got 27 % of the vote .
It peaked at number two on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , becoming her first top five single . It also peaked at number-one in New Zealand , number two in the United Kingdom and at number six and number seven in Australia and Canada , respectively .
Mycorrhizas are especially beneficial for the plant partner in nutrient-poor soils .
Several countries chose to change the main currency unit at the same time .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
Abel Tasman is the next documented explorer to visit this part of the coast in 1644 .
Correct : HAL said that everything was going extremely well .
Ericaceae , the heath family or the heather family is a plant family , comprising mostly calcifuge ( lime-hating ) plants that thrive in acidic soils .
New wisdom : Increasing parallelism is the primary method of improving processor performance ... Even representatives from Intel , a company generally associated with the ` higher clock-speed is better ' position , warned that traditional approaches to maximizing performance through maximizing clock speed have been pushed to their limit . ''
Arthur Bertha Cristobal Dolly Edouard Fay Gustav Hanna Ike Josephine Kyle Laura Marco Nana Omar Paloma Retirement On April 22 , 2009 , at the 31st Session of the World Meteorological Organization 's Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee , the WMO retired the names Gustav , Ike , and Paloma from its rotating name lists .
A political cartoon by Thomas Nast , published in Harper 's Weekly on November 7 , 1874 , is considered the first important use of the symbol .
Although effective , the solution was not very stable .
He finished third at the next two races , the Japanese and Brazilian Grands Prix , starting the latter event from 17th on the grid .
It is mainly here that the water of Gomal is used to cultivate the lands in Gomal Valley through Zam System ( Rod Kohi ) .
Virsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He served in only two high offices during his lifetime ( Prime Minister and Leader of the House of Lords ) , but was nonetheless very influential during his one and a half years of service .
Clarkson attended Pauline G Hughes Middle School and Burleson High School .
Early life Sanchez was born Wilsonia Benita Driver in Birmingham , Alabama on September 9 , 1934 , When Sanchez was only a year old , her mother died and Sanchez was sent to live with her paternal grandmother .
Printed during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377 , it is the world 's oldest extant movable metal print book .
'' Allan Nevins , Ordeal of the Union '' (/O1947/O) 1:288
While then-Disney chief Michael Eisner at first intended Hollywood Pictures to be a full-fledged studio , like Touchstone , in recent years its operations have been scaled back and its management has been merged with the flagship Walt Disney Pictures studio .
Most likely , the name comes from the perceived resemblance that some of the flowers bear to the sun and its rays , and in fact a species of Solanum ( Solanum nigrum ) is known as the sunberry .
A British nobleman , Lord Stanhope , took an interest in Hauser , and gained custody of him late in 1831 .
After the first week he was sixth , but a stomach bug began to affect his form , and he lost time in a stage including the Col du Galibier .
She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared in her own reality show , Totally Jodie Marsh .
See Article 6.5 in the Parlament-cat .
Mikroglottika 's goal is to promote the study of the philology , phonology , syntax , and lexicon of minority languages , and constructive linguistic studies .
Coconut milk is a sweet , milky white cooking base derived from the meat of a mature coconut .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
The Kingdom of Wessex or Kingdom of the West Saxons was an Anglo-Saxon kingdom of the West Saxons , in South West England , from the 6th century , until the emergence of a united English state in the 10th century , under the Wessex dynasty .
Nevertheless women prayer leaders are allowed to lead prayer in front of all-female congregations .
Because each month follows one cycle of the moon , it is also used to determine the phases of the moon .
Rebecq is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
In the laboratory barium sulfate is generated by combining solutions of barium ions and sulfate salts . Because barium sulfate is the least toxic salt of barium due to its insolubility , wastes containing barium salts are sometimes treated with sodium sulfate to immobilize ( detoxify ) the barium .
Symbolism The blue field represents the sea that surrounds the island while the green field represents the lush vegetation of the island itself .
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira , or simply Leonardo ( born February 4 , 1986 in Minas Gerais ) , is a Brazilian striker .
The 4 Core Concepts of the 2007 Forum were : Cultural Diversity Sustainability Knowledge Peace Cultural Diversity The existence of cultural diversity in the world is an undeniable fact .
History Nundle was established at the foot of the Great Dividing Range when gold was discovered at '' The Hanging Rock '' and nearby Swamp Creek in 1852 .
It was then awarded to the NHL playoff champion in 1925 - 26 and 1926 - 27 , ( supplementing the O'Brien Cup ) before that team would go on to face the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) champion for the Stanley Cup . After the demise of the WHL , however , the Stanley Cup was awarded exclusively to the NHL playoff champion , and the Wales Trophy was given to the regular season champion .
In Turkey , Judaeo-Spanish is most commonly written in the Turkish variant of the Latin alphabet .
On July 21 , 2000 , the FCC assigned 511 as a nationwide telephone number for ITS traveler information , along with 2-1-1 for social services .
The Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection ( commonly abbreviated WFC ) ( stylized as nintendo Wi-Fi connection ) is an online multiplayer gaming service run by Nintendo to provide free online play in compatible Nintendo DS and Wii games .
The 1950s saw attempts to improve the service on the branch , and eventually the line was given light electrification in 1957 .
William Huggins was born at Cornhill , Middlesex in 1824 .
Crack the Skye was released on March 24 , 2009 as a normal version and a deluxe version ( which includes all songs in instrumental versions as well as their normal versions ) and entered the Billboard 200 at number 11 a week later .
William '' Bill '' Edgar Oddie OBE ( born 7 July 1941 , Rochdale , England ) is an English author , actor , comedian , artist , naturalist and musician , who became famous as one of The Goodies .
Runaways is an award-winning comic book series published by Marvel Comics .
Von Krosigk was also Foreign Minister in the provisional government , an office which had next to no purpose given the state of Germany and its administration at the time .
James II may refer to :
The municipality key consists of eight digits , which are generated as follows : The first two numbers designate the individual German state .
Monroe became hysterical upon hearing the news , and their engagement was announced , partly in the expectation that it would reduce the excessive media interest they were being subjected to .
It may also refer to :
Thorigné - sur-Du é is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The species breeds during the monsoons and the tadpoles are black .
Thumper ( Bambi ) , a rabbit in the Disney animated film Bambi
Version 6 ( 1993 ) of the TIFF specification dropped the Microsoft reference .
After musical training in piano , composition , and conducting , he became a rehearsal accompanist at the New York City Opera by the age of 21 .
none for now
The story centers around the adventures of the lead character , Goku , around his 18th birthday .
It is an annual plant that has been used in China for 5,000 years as a food and a component of drugs .
Located in northeastern Spain , the region comprises three provinces from north to south : Huesca , Zaragoza , and Teruel .
Oats are also commonly used as feed for horses - as crimped or rolled oats or as part of a blended food pellet .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2007 p. 23 .
Otis Harlan as Happy : Happy is the joyous dwarf and is usually portrayed laughing .
-
Scouting , also known as the Scout Movement , is a worldwide youth movement with the stated aim of supporting young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , so that they may play constructive roles in society .
Nicosia is the capital of the Nicosia District .
Tohru 's existence changes the Sohma clan 's lives forever ...
Ballan Mechanic 's Institute and Free Library Accessed 20 June 2006 St Paul 's Presbyterian Church in Ballan was officially opened in July 1866 .
Cagliari is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy .
He was capped 1 time for the Japanese national team .
Beef ranches and dairies began building smaller loftless barns often of Quonset huts or of steel walls on a treated wood frame ( old telephone or power poles ) .
The London Chess Club , which had fallen out with Staunton and his colleagues , organised a tournament that was played a month later and had a multi-national set of players ( many of whom had competed in Staunton 's tournament ) , and the result was the same - Anderssen won .
The '' feudal '' period of Japanese history , dominated by the powerful regional families ( daimy ) and the military rule of warlords ( sh gun ) , stretched from 1185 to 1868 .
The villages of Loderio , Ponte , Pontirone , Sant ` Anna , and Valle belong to the municipality .
Edgar Cayce ( March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 ) ( ) was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
Another example is the banking industry , which has gone through enormous changes in recent years .
A game is a structured , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool .
Sir Joseph Wilson Swan ( 31 October 1828 - 27 May 1914 ) was a British physicist and chemist , most famous for the invention of the incandescent light bulb for which he received the first patent in 1878 .
Ishikawa plays for Montedio Yamagata in the J. League .
Overview Reed -- Solomon codes are block codes .
It can be distinguished from other members of the genus by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet : it has five claws on its fore feet and four on its hind feet .
July 7 & ndash ; Battle of Chirokitia
This change in current with respect to position can be measured itself , or the height , z , of the tip corresponding to a constant current can be measured .
The Reformasi era following Suharto 's resignation , has led to a strengthening of democratic processes , including a regional autonomy program , the secession of East Timor , and the first direct presidential election in 2004 .
Its main influences were Ivan Pavlov , who investigated classical conditioning although he did not necessarily agree with Behaviourism or Behaviourists , Edward Lee Thorndike , John B. Watson who rejected introspective methods and sought to restrict psychology to experimental methods , and B. F. Skinner who conducted research on operant conditioning .
at :1994 shift : ( $ dx , $ up ) text : Sonic the Hedgehog 3 ~ Sonic & Knuckles
Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and is located on the Congo River .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups -- modular addition and multiplication , and bitwise eXclusive OR ( XOR ) -- which are algebraically '' incompatible '' in some sense .
The Kamakura period marks the transition to land-based economies and a concentration of advanced military technologies in the hands of a specialized fighting class .
Together , the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard constitute the reserve components ( RC ) of the United States Army .
It is situated 90 km from Multan , 420 km from Lahore , and 270 km from Faisalabad .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
Mar 28 -- Hump Day , British Antarctic Survey .
The series centers on the fictional town of Odyssey , and in particular , an ice-cream emporium named ` Whit 's End , ' and its proprietor , John Avery Whittaker .
Paaliaq is thought to be about 22 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15.2 Gm in 687 days .
It decomposes to mercury ( II ) bromide and elemental mercury ( when ? ) .
Alexander Pope ( 21 May 1688 -- 30 May 1744 ) is generally regarded as the greatest English poet of the eighteenth century , Rogers ( 2007 ) best known for his satirical verse and for his translation of Homer .
'' Out like Flynt . ''
It has been suggested that instead of squaring the body height ( as the BMI does ) or cubing the body height ( as the Ponderal index does ) , it would be more appropriate to use an exponent of between 2.3 and 2.7 .
Irving Chernev , Wonders and Curiosities of Chess , Dover Publications , 1974 , p. 6 .
University of Oklahoma - 1919-1928
The State of Washington Office of Financial Management estimates the City of Renton 's population to be 82,548 as of May 2009 .
James Montgomery '' Jimmy '' Doohan ( ; March 3 , 1920 -- July 20 , 2005 ) was a Canadian character and voice actor best known for his role as Montgomery '' Scotty '' Scott in the television and film series Star Trek .
Bartolus de Saxoferrato , Italian law professor ( d. 1357 )
On more than one occasion he survived in environments where others would have died , or were in fact dying , of exhaustion .
The BCT ( Brigade Combat Team ) Ground Combat Vehicle ( GCV ) Program is the U.S. Army 's replacement program for armored fighting vehicles in Heavy and Stryker brigade combat teams .
is a branch of biology and medicine that is the consideration of the structure of living things .
Geraldton is a city and port in Western Australia located north of Perth .
A bush airplane is a general aviation aircraft serving remote , undeveloped areas of a country , usually the African bush , Alaskan and Canadian tundra or the Australian Outback .
Fitzenhagen gave the premiere in Moscow on November 30 , 1877 , with Nikolai Rubinstein conducting .
Its limited overs team is called the Surrey Lions .
Moreno Torricelli ( born 23 January 1970 in Erba ) is an Italian football manager and former defender .
DIN 476 : international paper sizes ( now ISO 216 or DIN EN ISO 216 ) DIN 946 : Determination of coefficient of friction of bolt/nut assemblies under specified conditions .
The best evidence found for these hominin date between 600,000 and 400,000 years ago .
In vertebrates , markings on the cheek area ( malar stripes\/spots \/O/ ... ) , particularly immediately beneath the eye , often serve as important distinguishing features between species or individuals .
Most minyo are set to drum beats in one of a few jangdan ( rhythmic patterns ) that are common to pungmul , sanjo , p ` ansori , and other traditional Korean musical genres .
Most bryozoans live in marine environments , although there are about 50 species which inhabit freshwater .
Nicole Mary Kidman , AC ( born 20 June 1967 ) is an American-born Australian actress , model , singer and humanitarian .
The bird family Phalacrocoracidae is represented by some 40 species of cormorants and shags .
Charles Watson-Wentworth , 2nd Marquess of Rockingham , KG , PC ( 13 May 1730 1 July 1782 ) , styled The Hon.
Chihuahua ( ) is a state in north western Mexico with a mainland area of , Microsoft Encarta Premium 2009 slightly larger than the United Kingdom .
Scale ( zoology ) , a rigid plate which grows out of the skin of some animals , such as fish and snakes
Adele or Adelaide of Aquitaine ( or Adelaide of Poitiers ) ( c. 945 or 952 & ndash ; 1004 ) was the daughter of William III , Duke of Aquitaine and Adele of Normandy , daughter of Rollo of Normandy .
'' The World Transformed : From Foragers and Farmers to States and Empires '' in The Human Past : World Prehistory and the Development of Human Societies ( Ed : Chris Scarre ) .
The show 's main theme in its early seasons was the romance between the intellectual waitress Diane Chambers and bar owner Sam Malone , a former major league baseball pitcher for the Boston Red Sox and a recovering alcoholic .
At its greatest extent , the Bombay Presidency comprised the present-day state of Gujarat , the western two-thirds of Maharashtra state , including the regions of Konkan , Desh , and Kandesh , and northwestern Karnataka state of India ; It also included Pakistan 's Sindh province and the British territory of Aden in Yemen .
The Commander in chief of the Australian Defense Force is therefore currently Her Excellency Quentin Bryce as the Governor General of Australia whilst the Queen of Australia is not in command of the military .
They would however , have to wait five years before they were married in 1612 AD ( 1021 AH ) , on a date selected by the court astrologers as most conducive to ensuring a happy marriage .
A club is essentially a short staff , or stick , usually made of wood , and wielded as a weapon .
The book tells how Moses leads the Hebrews out of Egypt and through the wilderness to the Mountain of God Sinai .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
Awami Muslim League Pakistan ( ) is a Pakistani political party formed in June 2008 by Sheikh Rashid AhmedRashid quits PML-Q ; forms new party .
Law and government Aach has a council with sixteen seats .
Any Meta sysop can edit the Wikimedia-wide spam blacklist to add or remove the patterns that are recognized by the filter , with the changes taking effect immediately .
Charles Edward '' Chuck '' Berry ( born October 18 , 1926 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
During the 2008 Draft , Matt Hardy was drafted to ECW with his WWE United States Championship , Triple H was drafted to SmackDown with his WWE Championship , and Kane was drafted to Raw with his ECW Championship .
Linux support status of various Serial ATA host bus adapters Windows XP requires the installation of a vendor-specific driver even if AHCI is present on the host bus adapter .
In the period before the Roman supremacy in southern Italy , Nuceria Alfaterna appears to have been the chief town in the valley of the Sarnus , Herculaneum , Pompeii , Stabiae and Surrentum all being dependent upon it .
Guadarrama is a town in the Community of Madrid in Spain .
Riverside is a city in Riverside County , California , United States , and the county seat of the eponymous county .
The Hush Sound SweetTangerine.net ( accessed April 10 , 2007 ) The band consists of Bob Morris on vocals and guitar , Mike Leblanc on bass and vocals , Darren Wilson on drums and vocals , and Greta Salpeter on vocals and piano .
Umbriel is the ` dusky melancholy sprite ' in Alexander Pope 's The Rape of the Lock , and the name suggests the Latin umbra , meaning shadow .
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The small and middle-sized businesses work in a wide range of areas .
Ezekiel Hart ( ) ( May 15 , 1767 -- September 16 , 1843 ) was a Jewish Canadian entrepreneur and politician , and the first Jew to be elected to public office in the British Empire .
Storms were named Paine and Roslyn for the first time in 1986 , although Orlene had been used on the old four-year lists .
He was the eldest of the seven children of Nicolo Clementi ( 1720 -- 1789 ) , a noted silversmith , and Madalena , née Caisar ( Magdalena Kaiser ) , who was Swiss .
Sugar cookies probably derived from an earlier , unleavened cookie called a jumble .
But the Bruins did not make the playoffs that season , and Cain was out of the NHL two seasons later .
Waldpolenz Solar Park , which is the world 's largest thin-film photovoltaic ( PV ) power system , was built by German developer and operator Juwi at a former military air base to the east of Leipzig in Germany .
People who vandalize biographies about living people will be blocked from editing .
On June 29 , when Lee learned that the Army of the Potomac had crossed the eponymous river , he ordered a concentration of his forces around Cashtown , located at the eastern base of South Mountain and eight miles ( 13 km ) west of Gettysburg .
The trade with Haiti is important , above all in Comendador .
La Haie-Traversaine is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The citron is a fragrant citrus fruit , botanically classified as '' Citrus medica '' by both , the Swingle and Tanaka systems .
Miso is a relatively simple process and so home-made versions spread throughout Japan . Miso was used as military provision during the Sengoku era and making miso was an important economic activity for daimyos of that era .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians was released on VHS on April 10 , 1992 as part of the Walt Disney Classics video series .
It is a film noir based on Miller 's graphic novel series of the same name .
For example , petrol with the same knocking characteristics as a mixture of 90 % iso-octane and 10 % heptane would have an octane rating of 90 .
As a result of large investments in nuclear technology , most of the electricity produced in the country is generated by 59 nuclear power plants ( 78 % in 2006 , up from only 8 % in 1973 , 24 % in 1980 , and 75 % in 1990 ) .
Published by Alfred A. Knopf Books for Young Readers , an imprint of Random House Children 's Books , the book sold 550,000 copies on its first day of sale , a record for a Random House children 's book .
The Penguin is often portrayed as Batman 's secondary archenemy , just behind the Joker .
It has two main employees : SpongeBob SquarePants , the fry cook , and Squidward Tentacles , the cashier .
However , Florence failed to intensify further , as its wind field had increased to more than 1,035 miles ( 1,670 km ) in diameter .
Craigmont is a city in Lewis County , Idaho , United States .
Louis XIV ( 5 September 1638 - 1 September 1715 ) , known as the Sun King ( French : le Roi Soleil ) , was King of France and of Navarre .
She demurred and moved to Stockholm , learning to become a typist and stenographer .
Homer and Bart make a racer together , however it is not very good , and Bart decides to drive Martin 's far more superior racer instead , after he is involved in an accident where he receives a series of serious skin burns .
Aang is depicted in the series as a vegetarian , as shown in '' The King of Omashu '' and '' The Headband '' when he refuses to eat meat since the Air Nomads taught him that all life is sacred .
The oldest human with proof was Jeanne Calment , who lived to 122 .
Most of the 2 Tone bands had multiracial lineups , such as The Beat ( known as English Beat in North America ) , The Specials , and The Selecter .
The 5.1 mix of '' Coming Soon '' features an alternate backing track , because the final master tapes were not found when mixing the album to 5.1 .
Except in the periods 1969 72 and 1976 82 , when the social democratic party of Chancellor Brandt and Schmidt came in second in the elections , the Chancellor has always been the candidate of the largest party , usually supported by a coalition of two parties with a majority in the parliament .
Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it is more suitable for volume car production than fibreglass .
Buffalo is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
In 2007 , Bennington was placed at # 46 on Hit Paraders list of '' Heavy Metal 's All-Time Top 100 Vocalists '' .
The book is accompanied by a CD , with nine songs selected by Peterson from bands of the era -- Soundgarden 's '' Entering '' is one of these songs .
Classical Syriac became a major literary language throughout the Middle East from the 4th to the 8th centuries .
The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book My Philadelphia Father by Cordelia Drexel Biddlep .55 Burt , Nathaniel The Perennial Philadelphians : The Anatomy of an American Aristocracy 1999 University of Pennsylvania Press .
Jerome David Salinger ( , ; January 1 , 1919 -- January 27 , 2010 ) was an American author , best known for his 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye , as well as his reclusive nature .
In particular , it is often boiled with sugar , resulting in red bean paste ( an ) , a very common ingredient in all of these cuisines ; it is also common to add flavoring to the bean paste , such as chestnut .
External links The New York Institute for Special Education page on Fanny Crosby Fanny Crosby page at Cyberhymnal Words and MIDI music for over 400 hymns .
The intensity and size of the photophores can also be modulated .
October 2010 - On October 1 , 2010 , UAL Corporation ( the parent company of United Airlines ) completed its acquisition of Continental Airlines and changed its name to United Continental Holdings , Inc. .
Naphthalene , also known as naphthalin , or antimite and not to be confused with naphtha , is a crystalline , aromatic , white , solid hydrocarbon with formula C10H8 and the structure of two fused benzene rings .
Masala or massala ; ; is a term used in South Asian cuisines ( including Indian , Bangladeshi , and Pakistani cuisines ) to mostly describe a mixture of spices . A masala can either be a combination of dried ( and usually dry roasted ) spices , or a paste ( such as vindaloo masala ) made from a mixture of spices and other ingredients- often garlic , ginger , onions and chilli paste .
In November 1953 , under the direction of Herbert von Karajan , and accompanied by the Philharmonia Orchestra , Brain recorded the Mozart Horn Concertos Nos. 1 - 4 for EMI .
On February 24 , 1920 , realizing that he was outnumbered and far from reinforcement , the commander of the Japanese garrison allowed Triapitsyn 's troops to enter the town under a flag of truce .
After the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991 , the name of Macedonia became the object of a dispute between Greece and the newly independent Republic of Macedonia . In the south , the Republic of Macedonia borders the region of Greek Macedonia , which administratively is split into three peripheries ( one of them comprising both Western Thrace and a part of Greek Macedonia ) .
When Grandma Gallagher finds out that her granddaughter got into the talent show , she finally tells the truth about how her parents died - they were stomped to death while performing in a Riverdance-like competition , rather than being eaten by Hammerhead sharks as her grandmother had told her .
Dreieich is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany .
Prince Sports , Inc. , based in Bordentown , New Jersey , is a manufacturer of equipment for racquet sports , primarily for tennis , badminton , and squash .
link
One statistical property one could calculate is the expected percentage of the time the creature will eat grapes over a long period .
Note : The term ` universe ' is defined as everything that physically exists : the entirety of space and time , all forms of matter , energy and momentum , and the physical laws and constants that govern them .
Speed made his NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series debut at Atlanta Motor Speedway on March 7 , 2008 driving for Morgan-Dollar Motorsports # 46 Chevy with Red Bull sponsorship .
It is found in summer throughout Europe north into Scandinavia and Scotland , though not Iceland , and winters in North Africa .
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
He was primarily active in Northern Europe , especially the Netherlands and Germany , where a number of his instruments survive to the present day ; his organs can also be found as far away as Portugal and Brazil .
However , a memorial was proposed for Hyde Park , with a Great Hall opposite .
The hurricane weakened as an approaching trough increased shear over the storm ; this same trough also turned the storm north on the September 13 , where it made landfall as a minimal hurricane on Baja California that day .
It was re-released in the USA , Canada , and the UK on March 29 , 1996 , and again on February 3 , 2009 on DVD .
Although the contract , too , banned her from leaving the convent , Marguerite Louise often went to her cousin Louis XIV 's court at Versailles , where she gambled for high stakes .
On 15 March 2006 , Goodrem performed a new song , '' Together We Are One '' , at the Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony in front of 80,000 spectators and up to 1.5 billion television viewers worldwide .
Site accessed 7 January 2007 Academic study Lyrics can be studied from an academic perspective .
Ipomoea aquatica , known as water spinach , water morning-glory , water convolvulus , Ong-Choy , Kang-kung , or swamp cabbage , is popularly used as a green vegetable especially in East and Southeast Asian cuisines .
Ibadi communities are generally regarded as conservative , for example Ibadiyya rejects the practice of qunut or supplications while standing in prayer .
In 1826 an investment plan was passed and new buildings were started by the Russian authorities .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
Brian Joubert ( born September 20 , 1984 ) is a French figure skater .
However , after six weeks of schooling his father overheard him repeating his multiplication tables .
Hubble Space Telescope observations of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious bioblated shape because of a limited angular resolution .
He is also the author of both fiction and non-fiction writings .
Laws Open to Abuse Several cases were filed against Gohar Shahi and his followers .
It was then announced that the main event at Backlash would be a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between Cena , Edge and Triple H/ORGANIZATION. At Backlash , Cena won the match and retained the WWE Championship via pinfall on Triple H with a jackknife roll-up , but after the match , Triple H attacked Cena , Edge and the referee with a sledgehammer .
Almost all export bananas are of the dessert types ; however , only about 10 -- 15 % of all production is for export , with the United States and European Union being the dominant buyers .
X-ray crystallography became a widely used tool and was critical in later determining the structures of many biological molecules such as DNA where knowledge of structure is critical to an understanding of function .
The same year , writer George Nicol published a version in rhyme based upon Southey 's prose tale , with Southey approving the attempt to bring the story more exposure .
Bad Colberg-Heldburg is a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
Several months later , she called Shearer 's parents and told them that she had gotten Shearer an audition for the radio show The Jack Benny Program .
Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge .
A 2006 film , '' The Last King of Scotland '' talks about Amin 's government .
Besides the Iliad , there are references to Troy in the other major work attributed to Homer , the Odyssey , as well as in other ancient Greek literature .
Such corals require sunlight and grow in clear , shallow water , typically at depths shallower than 60 m. Corals can be major contributors to the physical structure of the coral reefs that develop in tropical and subtropical waters , such as the enormous Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Queensland , Australia .
In 2006 , he featured in the ITV1 drama The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant and in 2009 starred in the film The Boat That Rocked .
It was formed by Black Flag 's original singer , Keith Morris , and future Bad Religion guitarist Greg Hetson .
The construction project involved excavating a large amount of material , which was used to make Battery Park City on the west side of Lower Manhattan .
These supporters grew into the Federalist Party committed to a fiscally sound and nationalistic government .
Color codes are often difficult for color blind and blind people to understand .
Arad ( ; , ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana ( most of it ) and Banat ( south of the Mures\/Maros river ) , with the capital city at Arad ( population : 185,272 ) .
In Arabic it translates into these word meanings ;
Social status , in sociology
The Secretary of Defense is sixth in the presidential line of succession .
However , there are situations where legislation is made by other bodies or means , such as when constitutional law or secondary legislation is enacted .
Alderaan is a fictional planet in the universe of Star Wars .
Roquefort-de-Sault is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Possibly due to less friction of the eyewall or moving over warm waters of the Gulf Stream , Wilma again re-intensified to reach winds of 125 mph ( 200 km/h ) before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection .
Many such pharmacies are , in some ways , similar to community pharmacies ; the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received .
Some phono pre-amplifiers implement a rumble filter , in an attempt to remove the noise .
Attignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
They were first described in the 17th century , by the Danish anatomist Caspar Bartholin the Younger ( 1655 -- 1738 ) .
Fonda was the patriarch of a family of famous actors , including daughter Jane Fonda , son Peter Fonda , granddaughter Bridget Fonda , and grandson Troy Garity ; his family and close friends called him '' Hank '' .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , the son of Mary Lee Martin and Glenn Vernon Martin , a real estate salesman and an aspiring actor .
Patrick Zwaanswijk ( born 17 January 1975 ) is a Dutch professional footballer currently playing for Central Coast Mariners as a central defender .
The shockwave formed by this sudden collapse causes the rest of the star to explode in a supernova .
Bagshot Park is on Bagshot Heath , a fifty square-mile tract of formerly open land in Surrey and Berkshire .
A news agency reported that '' new '' will be removed on January 1 , 2009 .
Falaise is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region in Normandy , northwestern France .
Nineteen Questions for Muslim Clergy/Musluman Din Adamlarina Ondokuz Soru .
Kelly Maria Ripa Consuelos ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American television host and actress .
Peter Geach describes and rejects four levels of omnipotence .
James Eugene '' Jim '' Carrey ( born January 17 , 1962 ) is a Canadian-American actor and stand-up comedian .
Later in the year , Canon Fulbert ( not to be confused with Fulbert of Chartres ) , uncle of Heloise , has Abélard castrated .
bar :1861 at :7403 fontsize : XS text : 7403 shift : ( -8,5 )
The word '' serf '' originated from the Middle French '' serf '' , and can be traced further back to the Latin servus , meaning '' slave '' .
Yukio Tsuchiya is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokyo Verdy .
August & ndash ; Peter Stuyvesant is appointed Director of New Amsterdam by the Dutch West India Company .
Baseball shirts , pants , shoes , socks , caps , and glove are parts of baseball uniforms .
Processed cheese , process cheese , cheese slice , prepared cheese , or cheese food is a food product made from normal cheese and sometimes other unfermented dairy ingredients , plus emulsifiers , extra salt , food colorings , or whey . Many flavors , colors , and textures of processed cheese exist .
On the death of Galerius , in May 311 , Licinius shared the eastern empire with Maximinus Daia , the Hellespont and the Bosporus being the dividing line .
Brian Joubert ( born September 20 , 1984 ) is a French figure skater .
He made important contributions to proof theory by clarifying the connections between classical logic , intuitionistic logic , and modal logic .
The following is a list of the 282 communes of the Vendée département , in France .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr. ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 & ndash ; December 26 , 2006 ) was the 38th President of the United States , serving from 1974 to 1977 , and the 40th Vice President of the United States serving from 1973 to 1974 .
is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Megadeth , released in June 1985 through Combat and Relativity Records .
On the water organ , since the 15th century , the water is also used as a source of power to drive a mechanism similar to that of the Barrel organ , which has a pinned barrel that contains a specific song to be played .
The show ran for two series and secured Fielding 's popularity with younger audiences .
There are over 4,000 different species recorded in the reserve .
Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Soundgarden , released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .
Members are elected by simple plurality ( ` first-past-the-post ' system ) in each of the country 's electoral districts , which are colloquially known as ridings .
This article lists the tallest human-constructed structures , past and present , of any type .
There are currently 10 Nobel Prize winners amongst King 's alumni and current and former faculty .
The extant species are classified into between four and eight genera .
Prior to its inclusion in the World Championship it was held annually from 1928 to 1984 at various venues in Australia .
Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3 .
Currently most flax produced in the USA and Canada are seed flax types for the production of linseed oil or flax seeds for human nutrition .
Road game ( short for on the road ) , more commonly known as an away game , is a reference to all cities and stadia\/arenas\/fields \/O/ venues where an athletic team plays games for which it is not the host .
Fra Angelico was born Guido di Pietro at Rupecanina , in the Tuscan area of Mugello , near Fiesole towards the end of the 14th century and died in Rome in 1455 .
With the collapse of the central government in 1991 , Mogadishu has been the stage for 19 years of fighting between rival militias .
The national flag of Argentina dates from 1812 .
Unqualified , the word football applies to whichever form of football is the most popular in the regional context in which the word appears , including American football , Australian rules football , Canadian football , Gaelic football , rugby league , rugby union and other related games .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
McClane makes friendly conversation and gives Gruber a pistol ; when Gruber attempts to fire the weapon at McClane , however , it is discovered that McClane inserted an empty magazine in the gun and gave him the gun to test his trustworthiness . As this happens , Gruber 's men appear from an elevator and fire at McClane , who is forced to flee , leaving behind the detonators .
He has been the host of the game show Jeopardy!
See full article ( PDF ) below ` The Fourth \/O/ Philharmonic ' subheading for entire item .
The inner layer is called the endocardium and is in contact with the blood that the heart pumps .
Lancaster is the most northerly city in Lancashire , located three miles inland from Morecambe Bay .
They are also formed by adding suffixes to demonstratives : chay ( '' that '' ) - chaypi ( '' there '' ) , kay ( '' this '' ) - kayman ( '' hither '' ) .
Please do not add inappropriate external links to Wikipedia .
'' Buffalo buffalo , Buffalo buffalo , buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence which uses correct grammar .
History The Territory of Oregon was organized on August 14 , 1848 , by an act of Congress following the settlement of the Oregon boundary dispute with the United Kingdom .
The county contains within its boundary of approx . 225 miles , part of the National Forest , and borders on Greater Manchester to the North West , West Yorkshire to the North , South Yorkshire to the North East , Nottinghamshire to the East , Leicestershire to the South East , Staffordshire to the West and South West and Cheshire also to the West .
The song is a ballad and was written by frontman Adam Levine and produced by Robert John '' Mutt '' Lange .
an active stratovolcano in the Andes mountains .
Collector is also famous for the controversial sculpture Dreamers Gate by Tony Phantastes built between 1993 and 1997 to comerate , among other things , his father 's life .
On September 4 , not long after the birth of his and Peggy 's second son , Arnold 's force of over 1,700 men raided and burned New London and captured Fort Griswold , causing damage estimated at $ 500,000 .
Most of Darwin 's population was evacuated to Adelaide , Whyalla , Alice Springs and Sydney , and many never returned to the city .
In non-leap years they typically celebrate their birthday on either February 28 or March 1 .
Patriarch Pavle ( , ; 11 September 1914 -- 15 November 2009 ) was the 44th Patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church , the spiritual leader of Eastern Orthodox Serbs , from 1990 to his death .
She went on to write advertising copy for many of Detroit 's department stores .
After her husband 's death in 1970 , Evelyn started to play her oboe again .
George Gershwin ( September 26 , 1898 -- July 11 , 1937 ) was an American composer and pianist whose early death brought to a premature halt one of the most remarkable careers in American music .
Spencer Compton , 1st Earl of Wilmington , KG , KB , PC ( 1673Website of 10 Downing Street 2 July 1743 ) was a British Whig statesman who served continuously in government from 1715 until his death .
A pandemic ( from Greek pan '' all '' + demos '' people '' ) is an epidemic of infectious disease that is spreading through human populations across a large region ; for instance a continent , or even worldwide .
The album was notably less heavy than the group 's preceding albums , and marked a further departure from the band 's grunge roots .
Pidgin ( formerly named Gaim ) is a multi-platform instant messaging client , based on a library named libpurple .
Tom and Jerry : The Movie for the Sega Master System and Sega Game Gear
For the Italy national football team he won 8 caps and was on the roster for 1994 FIFA World Cup , without playing any game .1994 FIFA World Cup : Italy Squad FIFA .
As the first person appointed to the vice-presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment , when he became President upon Richard Nixon 's resignation on August 9 , 1974 , he also became the only President of the United States who was elected neither President nor Vice-President .
Sadie Frost ( born 19 June 1965 ) is an English actress , who currently runs fashion label Frost French and has designed the kitchens for a new development in the East End of London .
In some ferns the default sex is hermaphrodite , but ferns which grow in soil that has previously supported hermaphrodites are influenced by residual hormones to instead develop as male .
Houry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
As the raw material has been readily available since the widespread domestication of sheep - and of goats , another major provider of wool - the use of felted or woven wool for clothing and other fabrics characterizes some of the earliest civilizations .
Tim Hortons ' other international expansions include a small outlet at the Dublin Zoo .
The book had a more realistic story ; it dealt with the quest of a hunter and his dog Copper to shoot Tod after he killed the hunter 's new dog Chief .
The Territory is inhabited by the staff of research and support stations operated and maintained by the British Antarctic Survey and other organisations and stations of Argentina , Chile and other countries .
Lately , 3D drawings can be embedded in PDF documents with Acrobat 3D using U3D or PRC and various other data formats .
Under the leadership of famed military leader Commander Adama , the Battlestar Galactica and its crew take up the task of leading the small fugitive fleet of survivors into space in search of a fabled refuge known as Earth .
Barcelona is Europe 's largest city on the Mediterranean coast .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
In 2004 , while competing full time in Late Model Stock Cars , Hamlin was signed to a driver development contract with Joe Gibbs Racing .
Essertines-sur-Yverdon
The most well known free software license that uses strong copyleft is the GNU General Public License . Free software licenses that use '' weak '' copyleft include the GNU Lesser General Public License and the Mozilla Public License .
Biting is an act that occurs when an animal uses its teeth to pierce another object , including food , flesh and inanimate matter .
The Peace Corps website answered the question '' Who Inspired the Creation of the Peace Corps ? ''
The majority of the inscriptions in the monastery are written in Georgian .
The reindeer ( Rangifer tarandus ) , also known as the caribou in North America , is a deer from the Arctic and Subarctic , including both resident and migratory populations .
Radiohead released their first single , '' Creep '' , in 1992 .
The current , modern west grandstand covers the old concrete one , which is still intact underneath .
Hussite Wars : Sigismund , Holy Roman Emperor fails at the Battle of Vysehrad and is ejected from Bohemia .
After meeting them , she notices Vidia ( Pamela Adlon ) , a fast-flying fairy who immediately dislikes her because of her unusually strong talent .
They are generally intended to be played at 45 rpm , which allows for an improved quality of bass frequencies .
This system has operated since the line opened in 1968 , making the Victoria line the world 's first full-scale automatic railway .
The viola d'amore can regularly be heard today in musical ensembles that specialise in historically accurate performances of Baroque music on authentic instruments .
The date on the title page of 1804 for Milton is probably when the plates were begun but the poem was printed c. 1808 .
In the western world , the term has become closely associated ( and is often used interchangeably ) with sexual abstinence , especially before marriage .
The Epistle to the Ephesians ( c. 90-100 ) refers to Jesus ascending higher than all the heavens .
Tacitus ( c. 56 - c. 117 ) denounces Roman immorality by praising German virtues , elaborating on the topos of the Noble savage .
When Operation Ivy broke up they decided to form a new band , and started another ska punk band called Downfall , which only lasted a few months .
Nampteuil-sous-Muret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
With the addition of Lita , the team became known as Team Xtreme and continued to rise in popularity .
After Martin was defeated for re-election in 1841 , Angelica and her husband lived at the Van Buren home of Lindenwald , in Kinderhook , NY , wintering at her family home in South Carolina .
In 2010 , voting powers at the World Bank were revised to increase the voice of developing countries , notably China .
Its market capitalization is the share price multiplied by the number of shares in issue , providing a total value for the company 's shares and thus for the company as a whole .
His other work includes :
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
The color lavender might be described as a medium violet or a light pinkish purple .
The Political Cesspool describes its philosophy as '' pro-White '' and '' against political centralization '' .
She loves to eat roses and dance the ballet .
Elementary algebra is a fundamental and relatively basic form of algebra taught to students who are presumed to have little or no formal knowledge of mathematics beyond arithmetic .
Takabayashi played for the Japan national football team .
Two of the more common versions of this design are the fisherman and the grapnel .
In the United Kingdom , the minister responsible for foreign policy as well as the British overseas territories ) is the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ( Foreign Secretary ) .
in Atlanta , GA
is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Henrietta Maria was brought up as a Roman Catholic .
However , his training in Wolgemut 's studio , which made many carved and painted altarpieces and both designed and cut woodblocks for woodcut , evidently gave him great understanding of what the technique could be made to produce , and how to work with block cutters .
During the rainy season the rivers from the northeast ( in outback Queensland ) flow towards the lake through the Channel Country .
It is the iguana 's ear drum , and is located right above the subtympanic shield and behind the eye .
Ushuaia ( , ) is the capital of the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego .
Sexual Behavior in the Human Female , Table 142 , p. 499 2 to 6 % of females , aged 20-35 , were given a rating of 5Ibid , p. 488 and 1 to 3 % of unmarried females aged 20-35 were rated as 6 .
He was educated at Liverpool College .
Emperor Tiberius is forced to order an investigation and a public trial in the Roman Senate , for the murder of Germanicus .
Yoshiaki Sato ( born June 19 , 1969 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Yet is it one domain without regions ?
These codecs were Windows Media Audio 9 Professional , Windows Media Audio 9 Lossless , and Windows Media Audio 9 Voice .
Of neogothic design , it is the sixth largest cathedral in the world , the second largest in the United States , WNC : Facts and Figures and the fourth tallest structure in Washington , D.C./LOCATION. The cathedral is the seat of both the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church and its bishop of the Diocese of Washington .
The team play at the 10,120 capacity Sincil Bank in Lincoln , Lincolnshire , and are nicknamed the Imps after the legend of the Lincoln Imp .
A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four (/O26/O) possible subsets , including the arrangement in which no dots are raised .
Park Ji-Sung ( Hangul : ; Hanja : ; ; born 25 February 1981 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays for the English club Manchester United and is the captain of the South Korean national team .
For mixed sex arrangements , there are cubicles varying from simple devices with little or no plumbing to more luxurious versions that automatically clean themselves after every use ( for the latter , see Sanisette ) .
Moreover , as Brian Southam , who has edited the definitive volumes on Austen 's reception , writes in his description of these reviewers , '' their job was merely to provide brief notices , extended with quotations , for the benefit of women readers compiling their library lists and interested only in knowing whether they would like a book for its story , its characters and moral '' .
The French name of the breed means , literally , '' Cow Herder of Flanders '' , referring to the Flemish origin of the breed .
Martin Petyov Petrov ( ; born 15 January 1979 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Bolton Wanderers in the Premier League .
Die Hard 2 has domestically made $ 117.5 million and $ 239.5 million worldwide , almost doubling that of the first movie .
The Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court is Democrat Sue Bell Cobb .
Urby Vitorrio Diego EmanuelsonFIFA player statistics ( born 16 June 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent who currently plays as a left winger for AFC Ajax , he is also suitable to play as a left midfielder or left back .
Ignatius , third Bishop of Antioch , fed to the lions in the Roman Colosseum , advocated the Bishop ( Eph 6:1 , Mag 2:1,6:1,7:1,13:2 , Tr 3:1 , Smy 8:1,9:1 ) , rejected Sabbath on Saturday in favor of The Lord 's Day ( Sunday ) .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1994/1995 season was contested by 18 teams .
February 26 -- The peace between Sweden and Denmark is concluded in Roskilde by the Treaty of Roskilde , under which Denmark is forced to cede significant territory .
Ralph Dale Earnhardt , Sr. ( April 29 , 1951 -- February 18 , 2001 ) was an American race car driver , best known for his career driving stock cars in NASCAR 's top division .
Hackensack is a city in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States and the county seat of Bergen County .
Most recently , the children 's fantasy Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling has recalled the popularity of J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis .
One notable characteristic is that none of the members have ever shown their faces in the public sphere as a part of GReeeeN , whether in their promotional videos , CDs , television performances , or the Internet .
In the New Testament the term ( church or assembly ) is used for local communities and in a universal sense to mean all believers .
An alternative solution , borne by some divers , is to have a very strong cornea .
The two valuable timber trees , Alpine Ash E. delegatensis and Australian Mountain Ash E. regnans , are killed by fire and only regenerate from seed .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
Year 20 ( XX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
If you must use different colors in your signature , please ensure that the result will be readable by people with color blindness , and those with visual disabilities .
In 2006 , Benson released her second independent feature film Lovers , Liars & Lunatics through her own production company , Benson Entertainment .
This process is different from group selection , and arises where individual fitness is coupled with the fitness of the population .
The waters surrounding the peninsula are important spiny lobster and red snapper fishing grounds .
Montfiquet is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
He is best known for his novel The Master and Margarita , which The Times of London has called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century .
The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix .
Child pornography ( or '' CP '' ) refers to material showing or describing children who are in erotic poses or who have sex .
Yuya Nagatomi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kataller Toyama .
Mahabharata , too similarly groups the Shakas with the Kambojas and Yavanas and states that they were originally noble Kshatriyas but got degraded to to vrishala status on account of their non-obersvance of the sacred Brahmanical codes .
However , the primary Hellenistic theatrical form was not tragedy but ` New Comedy ' , comic episodes about the lives of ordinary citizens .
These are normally separate services , rather than being incorporated into a regular service , but may be either .
The use of hyphens is called hyphenation .
Agatha Mary Clarissa , Lady Mallowan , DBE ( née Miller ; 15 September 1890 12 January 1976 ) , commonly known as Agatha Christie , was an English crime writer of novels , short stories and plays .
Sancy-les-Cheminots is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The drama , featuring 5566 in the lead roles , exceeded expectations by having a higher viewership rating than several other idol dramas during that season .
Ourton is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Toshiki Chino is a Japanese football player .
It is often referred to as the '' cultural capital of Australia '' .
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service was formed on 1 April 1995 through the amalgamation of its 4 predecessors .
There are five Tekken sequel games : Tekken 2 , Tekken 3 , Tekken 4 , Tekken 5 and Tekken 6 .
In 1952 the two districts of Artern and Sondershausen were established .
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Trescault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , there are other methods of chocolate tempering used .
EduLinux A distribution for educational purposes ( cf.
Peter Schidlof ( July 9 , 1922 -- August 16 , 1987 ) was an Austrian-British violist and co-founder of the Amadeus Quartet .
The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed-traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission .
Alfieri , Bindo and Ernesto built 2-litre Grand Prix cars for Diatto . In 1926 , Diatto suspended the production of race cars , leading to the creation of the first Maserati and the founding of the Maserati marque .
Sypharochiton torri , a Mollusc
A limited part of the network ( 1.7 km ) has been used as an underground ossuary , known as the catacombs of Paris . The catacombs were temporarily closed between September and 19 December 2009 , after which they could be legally visited again from the entrance on Place Denfert-Rochereau .
In the latter part of 1873 , Monet , Renoir , Pissarro , and Sisley organized the Société Anonyme Coopérative des Artistes Peintres , Sculpteurs , Graveurs ( '' Cooperative and Anonymous Association of Painters , Sculptors , and Engravers '' ) for the purpose of exhibiting their artworks independently .
Warwickshire County Council : The history of the Easter egg Retrieved on 2008-03-17
Interstate 65 ( I-65 ) is a major Interstate Highway in the United States .
The Lunar Module landed in the Fra Mauro formation ; this had originally been the target of the ill-fated Apollo 13 mission .
Sixteen years after the release of the trilogy 's final film , the first in a new prequel trilogy of films was released , again released at three-year intervals , with the final film released on May 19 , 2005 .
Software versioning is the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software .
In the north west of the island at ( ) , a missile testing range was built in 1957-58 to launch the Corporal missile , Britain and America 's first guided nuclear weapon .
In mathematics , the dot product is an algebraic operation that takes two equal-length sequences of numbers ( usually coordinate vectors ) and returns a single number obtained by multiplying corresponding entries and then summing those products .
The Federal Ministry of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth ( ) is a Ministry of Germany .
Imperialism , as defined by The Dictionary of Human Geography , is '' the creation and maintenance of an unequal economic , cultural and territorial relationship , usually between states and often in the form of an empire , based on domination and subordination . ''
There are many different methods of strength training , the most common being the use of gravity or elastic\/hydraulic forces to oppose muscle contraction . See the resistance training article for information about elastic\/hydraulic training , but note that the terms '' strength training '' and '' resistance training '' are often used interchangeably .
-- Copies of this issue may still be available for purchase from the South American Explorer .
Boissey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is the music of the Roman Rite , performed in the Mass and the monastic Office .
Lust is the initial passionate sexual desire that promotes mating , and involves the increased release of chemicals such as testosterone and estrogen .
Tanduay Rhum is an alcohol beverage from the Philippines .
Hay is fed when or where there is not enough pasture or rangeland on which to graze an animal , when grazing is unavailable due to weather - such as during the winter , or when lush pasture by itself is too rich for the health of the animal .
Bloemfontein : General Information The city 's Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning '' place of cheetahs '' and it has been included in the Mangaung Local Municipality since 2000 .
He is most famous for publishing the Musica transalpina (/O1588/O) , a collection of Italian madrigals with their words translated into English .
Acclaimed Southern novelist William Gilmore Simms declared the work utterly false , while others called the novel criminal and slanderous .
The census classified 9,459 people ( 76.3 % ) as living in an urban area and 2,933 people ( 23.7 % ) as living in a rural area , with 6,440 men ( 52.0 % ) and 5,952 women ( 48.0 % ) .
In the episode , Homer consumes a poisonous fugu fish at a sushi restaurant , and is told that he has only twenty-four hours left to live .
He wrote most of Jabberwocky at Whitburn as well as '' The Walrus and the Carpenter '' .
It has performed well in tests by independent sources such as American boating magazine Practical Sailor Practical Sailor : '' Anchor Reset Tests '' , Belvoir Pubs , January 2001 .
Phillip Parker King later visited in 1818 and named it North West Cape as well as naming Exmouth Gulf after a fellow Naval Officer .
Saint-Michel-de-Fronsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A mission statement is a brief written statement of the purpose of a company or organization .
Extreme Championship Wrestling ( 1994 -- 1995 ) In 1994 , Benoit began working with Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) in between tours of Japan .
Mayhem is a Norwegian black metal band formed in 1984 in Oslo , Norway .
Every new emperor after him was honored by the Senate with the wish felicior Augusto , melior Traiano ( '' ( be ) luckier than Augustus and better than Trajan '' ) .
Although Ann & Nancy are the only constant members , Howard Leese played guitars , keyboards , synthesizers and provided backing vocals for 22 years from 1975 to 1997 .
This process slows microbial growth in food .
The original spelling was '' Westpalmbeach '' , but it was feared that the 13-letter word would be an ominous omen for the fledgling community .
Porpoises , divided into six species , live in all oceans , mostly near the shore .
The series aired on the premium cable network HBO from March 21 , 2004 , to August 27 , 2006 , spanning three 12-episode seasons .
Its county seat is Newark .
Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sheila Chesed de Almeida Mello ( born July 23 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian dancer , actress and model .
Most accounts agree that she found the barren floating island of Delos , which was neither mainland nor a real island , and gave birth there , promising the island wealth from the worshippers who would flock to the obscure birthplace of the splendid god who was to come .
It was this Atlas whom Gerardus Mercator was referring to when he first used the name ` Atlas ' , and he included a depiction of the King on the title-page .
'' Just because she was our premier player does n't mean she was above the rules , '' said Vicki Paski in 1992 , then president of the WPBA .
For other holders of the title , see Marquess of Salisbury .
Pain radiates most often to the left arm , but may also radiate to the lower jaw , neck , right arm , back , and epigastrium , where it may mimic heartburn .
In Christianity , worship is the central act of Christian identity , the purpose of which is to ascribe honor or worth to God .
John Logie Baird is buried with his mother , father and wife in Helensburgh Cemetery .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 89 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
From 1945 , the opera company played in the former Admiralspalast ( today 's Metropoltheater ) .
It is part of the Gulfport Biloxi , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area .
MedlinePlus = 000422
They hear Mrs. Macready still talking to the visitors in the passageway ; their years in Narnia have taken no time at all on this side of the door .
There is no language called '' C plus '' .
Dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the National Assembly of Senegal and Senegal Presidential Palace .
An event on July 6 , 1944 derailed Robinson 's military career .
Best friends Tod , a fox cub , ( Jonah Bobo ) and Copper , a hound puppy , ( Harrison Fahn ) visit a country fair when they see a band of dogs called '' The Singin ' Strays '' .
Nightingale reduced mortality from 40 % to 2 % on the battlefield , creating the concept of intensive care .
Caesar then became involved with an Egyptian civil war between the child pharaoh and his sister , wife , and co-regent queen , Cleopatra .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km .
It includes the study of microbial pathogenesis and epidemiology and is related to the study of disease pathology and immunology .
Lulu arrives but seems very ill from her disease that the Acrobat abandons his plan and goes off saying that he will summon the police instead .
The International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) recognizes arsenic and arsenic compounds as group 1 carcinogens , and the EU lists arsenic trioxide , arsenic pentoxide and arsenate salts as category 1 carcinogens .
He also writes that prairie dogs have calls for things that are not predators to them .
Dollon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Rock Falls is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
The Bouncing Souls
Edisto Beach is a town in Colleton County , South Carolina , United States .
Suburbanization started to take place in the 1980s - a large development called Riverside Park was constructed containing hundreds of homes .
-- )
The article requires that there be one court called the Supreme Court ; Congress , at its discretion , can create lower courts , whose judgments and orders are reviewable by the Supreme Court .
The climatic zones vary , from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian ocean .
Vulpecula is a faint constellation in the northern sky .
The operators assumed that owing to bad maintenance and leaking valves , it was possible for the water to leak into the tank .
In professional sports , a trade is a sports league transaction involving an exchange of players ' contracts and\/or draft picks between teams .
Adams 's second novel Shardik concerns a lonely hunter , Kelderek , who pursues Shardik , a giant bear he believes to embody the Power of God ; both of them become unwillingly drawn into the politics of an imaginary region called the Beklan Empire .
Manning led the Colts to a 29 17 victory over the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XLI and was voted the Super Bowl MVP .
The Constitution of France ( under the Fifth Republic established in 1958 ) states that the principle of the Republic of France is '' gouvernement du peuple , par le peuple et pour le peuple '' ( '' government of the people , by the people , and for the people , '' ) a literal translation of Lincoln 's words .
After an initial disturbance -- such as a person attempting to walk on it -- the water and sand in the quicksand separate and dense regions of sand sediment form ; it is because of the formation of these high volume fraction regions that the viscosity of the quicksand seems to increase suddenly .
Occidental features 19 varsity sports teams and a program of club sports and intramural competition .
Sir Ronald Aylmer Fisher FRS ( 17 February 1890 - 29 July 1962 ) was an English statistician , evolutionary biologist , eugenicist and geneticist .
The Factbook is available in the form of a website , which is partially updated every two weeks .
Huby-Saint-Leu is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Asaf Jahi rulers were great patrons of literature , art , architecture , culture , jewelry collection and rich food .
In all it spent 92 weeks inside the UK Top 75 , making a big re-entry after over 16 years in 31 October 1987 , when it was released for the first time on CD and reached # 30 .
Aeolus ( Greek : Aiolos , Modern Greek : ) was the ruler of the winds in Greek mythology .
While working in a bank , he had a chance to meet the famous Thai TV producer '' Kai Varayuth '' who saw entertainment talent in Bird .
Among many honors , Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards as well as the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , nine Country Music Association Instrumentalist of the Year awards , and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum .
The most common unit of measurement of mutual information is the bit , when logarithms to the base 2 are used .
Today , the most recognized chess tournaments for individual competition include the Linares chess tournament and the Corus chess tournament . The largest team chess tournament is the Chess Olympiad , in which players compete for their country 's team in the same fashion as the Olympic Games .
The most notable cyclones the year were Hurricanes Ignacio and Marty , which killed 2 and 12 people in Mexico , respectively , and were collectively responsible for about $ 1 billion ( 2003 USD ) in damage .
The original pressing of the album was limited to 1,000 copies and since the band 's rise to fame in 1999 it has been a sought after rarity for Slipknot fans .
Jacques showed a knack for writing at an early age .
William Blake ( 28 November 1757 -- 12 August 1827 ) was an English poet , painter , and printmaker .
He was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko .
If you block an IP address in any of the following ranges , you are required to immediately notify the Wikimedia Foundation Communications Committee .
Jonathan Alberto '' John '' Leguizamo ( born July 22 , 1964 ) is a Colombian actor , comedian , voice artist , and producer of Puerto Rican and Colombian descent .
Attendees Constantine had invited all 1800 bishops of the Christian church ( about 1000 in the east and 800 in the west ) , but a lesser and unknown number attended .
Conanthera is a genus of 3-4 species small Chilean bulbous plants with small panicles of blue , purple or white and purple flowers Propagation is by offsets or seed .
In popular use , the term usually refers to an electronic amplifier where the input '' signal '' is usually voltage or current .
The Magical Pine Ring : Culture and the Imagination in Armenian-American Literature &#8206; , by Margaret Bedrosian - 1991 - p. 73 Books in English The Triumph of Judas Iscariot , Los Angeles : Research Publ .
Early fossil tetrapods have been found in marine sediments , and because fossils of primitive tetrapods in general are found scattered all around the world , they must have spread by following the coastal lines - they could not have lived in freshwater only .
He earned 4 caps for the Italy national football team and was a backup keeper in the 1968 UEFA European Football Championship and 1970 FIFA World Cup .
One of the best full-backs in the world in the 90 's , Benarrivo was comfortable on both flanks , and was known for his attacking prowess , even though almost never scoring , and was sometimes employed as a makeshift wide midfielder due to his pace and technique .
Tortoise ( band ) , a US post-rock band formed in 1990
During a live performance of the song '' The Juggla '' in 1994 , Bruce addressed the audience as Juggalos , and the positive response resulted in the group using the word thereafter .
It is used to administer medication or fluids , obtain blood tests ( specifically the '' mixed venous oxygen saturation '' ) , and directly obtain cardiovascular measurements such as the central venous pressure .
New York Governor William Sulzer approves the charter for the Rockefeller Foundation , which begins operations with a $ 100 million donation from John D. Rockefeller .
The full WGI report was published in March .
The band performed '' Disposable Teens '' at MTV 's New Year 's Eve celebration ( along with a cover of Cheap Trick 's '' Surrender '' ) and again on January 8 , 2001 at the 2001 American Music Awards .
Jon Steven '' Steve '' Young ( born October 11 , 1961 , in Salt Lake City , Utah ) is a former American football quarterback , best known for his time with the NFL 's San Francisco 49ers . He also played for the NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League .
February 26 - The peace between Sweden and Denmark is concluded in Roskilde by the Treaty of Roskilde , under which Denmark is forced to cede significant territory .
Potassium bromate ( KBrO3 ) , is a bromate of potassium and takes the form of white crystals or powder .
She was given a short sentence and as soon as she was released she went immediately back underground .
Erode in Tamil Nadu State is very important market centre for Turmeric .
Such effects include the peaking of the storm surge , the core of strong winds comes on shore , and heavy flooding rains .
The island is situated 65 kilometres north-west of Townsville , on the east coast of Queensland , Australia 800 kilometres north of the Tropic of Capricorn .
The Albigensian Crusade or Cathar Crusade ( 1209 -- 1229 ) was a 20-year military campaign initiated by the Catholic Church to eliminate the Cathar heresy in Languedoc .
Most gophers have brown fur that often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live .
Classification Old Persian is an Old Iranian language and a member of the Southwestern Iranian language group .
Wernher von Braun was said to be the preeminent rocket engineer of the 20th century .
Between 1460 and 1864 , Flensburg was , after Copenhagen , the second biggest port in the Kingdom of Denmark , but passed to the Kingdom of Prussia after the Second Schleswig War in 1864 .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1979 .
Penn is a former UFC Lightweight Champion and UFC Welterweight Champion and was a coach on The Ultimate Fighter 5 reality show .
On June 6 , 2000 , ten days before the movie was released , at the SuperComm 2000 tradeshow , the movie was projected simultaneously at the tradeshow in Atlanta , GA as well as a screen in Los Angeles , CA .
Sonic 's appearance varies greatly depending on the medium and the style in which he is drawn .
Titze , I. R. (/O2008/O) .
When Allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at Baker University in 1904 , Naismith discouraged him : '' You ca n't coach basketball ; you just play it . ''
On 18 January 2007 , he announced his decision to stand down from the posts of minister-president and party chairman by 30 September , after having been under fire in his own party for weeks .
Gerry was one of the signers of the US Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation .
The Italian central column , commanded by Lieutenant-General Carlo De Simone , faced more difficulties because of the mountainous terrain through which it advanced .
He is also a former joint owner of the NASCAR Sprint Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback , Roger Staubach .
Its remaining plumage is pied and the eyes are dark brown .
Louis Pierre Althusser ( ; 16 October 1918 - 22 October 1990 ) was a French Marxist philosopher .
For this he certainly made use of the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the Chaldeans from Babylonia .
Thus , when a team is not hosting a game , the team is described as the road team , the visiting team , or the away team , and the game is described as a road game or an away game for that team .
Zeta ( letter ) , the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet
Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills , California , formed in 1996 .
Orbetello is a town and comune in the province of Grosseto ( Tuscany ) , Italy .
George Gordon Byron , later Noel , 6th Baron Byron of Rochdale FRS ( 22 January 1788 -- 19 April 1824 ) was a British poet and a leading figure in Romanticism .
The company was formed in 1925 from a number of major companies that had been working together closely since World War I/O. During its heyday IG Farben was the fourth-largest company in the world , after General Motors , U.S. Steel and Standard Oil . During the planning of the invasion of Czechoslovakia and Poland , IG Farben cooperated closely with Nazi officials and directed which chemical plants should be secured and delivered to IG Farben .
Early development The period extending from the middle of the 2nd millennium BCE to the beginning of the Common Era saw the Western Asian , Mediterranean , Chinese and Indian societies develop major transportation networks for trade .
Claude Makélélé Sinda ( born 18 February 1973 ) is a French international football player who currently plays defensive midfield for Paris Saint-Germain in the French Ligue 1 and also serves as their captain .
Atropine is a tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade ( Atropa belladonna ) , jimsonweed ( Datura stramonium ) , mandrake ( Mandragora officinarum ) and other plants of the family Solanaceae .
Jena Lee wrote six songs of the thirteen that comprise Sheryfa Luna 's album , including the song Somewhere .
Loos-en-Gohelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It started and ended as a battle of the sexes .
Many geologists and fossil collectors from Europe and America visited Anning at Lyme , including the geologist George William Featherstonhaugh , who called Anning a '' very clever funny Creature , '' and who purchased fossils from her for the newly opened New York Lyceum of Natural History in 1827 .
Square ( astrological aspect ) , an aspect of 90 degrees
; The Free Software Directory : This is a listing of software packages which have been verified as free software .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
At the time of completion Two Prudential was the world 's tallest reinforced concrete building .
By analogy it is applied to similar systems in other feudal societies .
We have disused it a long time ... .
It was named GAIM ( GTK + AOL Instant Messenger ) accordingly .
It also has the highest proportion of foreign students out of universities in Germany , with 20.9 % in the summer semester of 2007 , roughly 5,598 students .
The physical distributed bus topology is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a physical tree topology - however , although the physical distributed bus topology resembles the physical tree topology , it differs from the physical tree topology in that there is no central node to which any other nodes are connected , since this hierarchical functionality is replaced by the common bus .
Control over the SSH encryption key and protocol version .
There are two symbols for XOR gates : the ` military ' symbol and the ` rectangular ' symbol .
He would use his love for games and theme parks to help launch both Atari and Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza-Time Theaters .
June -- The 17th edition of the Mediterranean Games will begin in Volos and Larisa , Greece .
The Goshen Air Show is also an annual event that takes place at the Goshen Municipal Airport .
This franchise is exclusive to the Dreamcast , Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles , and basically consists of Metropolis Street Racer ( Dreamcast ) , Project Gotham Racing ( Xbox ) , Project Gotham Racing 2 ( Xbox ) , Project Gotham Racing 3 ( Xbox 360 ) , and Project Gotham Racing 4 ( Xbox 360 ) .
The dew point is the temperature to which a given parcel of humid air must be cooled , at constant barometric pressure , for water vapor to condense into water . The condensed water is called dew .
After 1923 the station came under the control of the London & North Eastern Railway until transfer to the London Passenger Transport Board ( LT ) on 14 December 1947 as part of the extension of the Central Line services of the London Underground .
On the November 6 episode of Raw , Hardy lost the Intercontinental Championship back to Nitro , after Nitro hit him with the Intercontinental Championship title belt .
( 27 June 1846 -- 6 October 1891 ) was an Irish Anglican landowner , nationalist political leader , land reform agitator , and the founder and leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party .
The carbon in biomass material , which makes up approximately fifty percent of its dry-matter content , is already part of the atmospheric carbon cycle .
In the Gospel of John and in Revelation , Jesus is referred to as '' the Word of God '' , although the context in Revelation is very different from John .
These units are suburban trains , with an express version appearing later in the form of the Class 166 Turbo Express trains .
It is also used in some laboratories to clean glassware of organic compounds and metal particles .
In 2008 , total passengers at London Luton increased by 2.6 % to 10,180,734 , the first time over 10 million passengers were handled in a single year , making it the fifth busiest airport in the UK .
This group goes on to found the Socialist Workers Party .
