Certain types of sea slugs , such as the nudibranch aeolids , are known to undergo kleptocnidae ( in addition to kleptoplasty ) , whereby the organisms store nematocysts of digested prey at the tips of their cerata .
External links Reality TV show recreating life in an Edwardian manor house .
In recent years , however , scholars such as Henry Louis Gates Jr. have begun to reexamine Uncle Tom 's Cabin , stating that the book is a '' central document in American race relations and a significant moral and political exploration of the character of those relations . ''
Pella , an ancient Greek city located in Pella Prefecture of Macedonia in Greece , was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Macedonia .
However , no values are assigned to this buffer on the right side of the Cinnabar and Seafoam Island locations- the information from the previously visited area is used instead . The second factor is the old man 's demonstration , which temporarily stores the player 's name in the data buffer .
Typically unitary authorities cover towns or cities which are large enough to function independently of county or other regional administration .
Joseph Bonaparte , on mounting the Spanish throne , made Jovellanos the most brilliant offers ; but the latter , sternly refusing them all , joined the patriotic party , became a member of the central junta , and contributed to reorganize the cortes .
At the time of the flyby the southern hemisphere of Umbriel ( like those of the other moons ) was pointed towards the Sun , so the northern ( dark ) hemisphere could not be studied .
Roger David Kornberg ( born ) is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
It has a loggia on the ground floor and council chamber above ; a third floor was added in 1599 ( Mack 1987 ) .
These thoughts strongly influenced Plato , and through him , the whole of western philosophy .
The house which forms the architectural core of the present palace was built for the first Duke of Buckingham and Normanby in 1703 to the design of William Winde .
A drum set ( also drum kit or trap set ) is a collection of drums , cymbals and sometimes other percussion instruments , such as cowbells , wood blocks , triangles , chimes , or tambourines , arranged for convenient playing by a single person ( drummer ) .
A common example is , in English , '' The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog 's back '' which includes an apostrophe by adding '' dog 's back '' to the phrase .
Kauai or Kauai ( in English and or in Hawaiian ) is the oldest of the main Hawaiian Islands . With an area of , it is the fourth largest of the main islands in the Hawaiian archipelago and the 21st largest island in the United States .
In 2006 , Firestone announced renewed efforts to recall tires of the same model recalled in 2000 after the tires were linked to recent deaths and injuries .
They were the flagships of British Rail 's electric locomotive fleet until the late 1980s , when the Class 90s started to come on stream .
The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry as well as nuclear power in general , slowing its expansion for a number of years while forcing the Soviet government to become less secretive about its procedures .
Badmotorfinger ( 1991 ) was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992 .
Mary Wollstonecraft ( ; 27 April 1759 - 10 September 1797 ) was an eighteenth-century British writer , philosopher , and advocate of women 's rights .
Stern area The stern area is the location of the steering apparatus ( rudder , tiller , ship 's wheel , etc ) , and by extension became the domain of the ship 's captain and other officers and a place to stay .
The young hatch after 90 days and are left to fend for themselves .
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
Bottle caps , or closures , are used to seal the openings of bottles of many types .
Its official name is Regione Autonoma Siciliana ( English : Sicilian Autonomous Region ) .
The band released their debut album , Pablo Honey , in February 1993 .
Directly to the west of the city is the Peak District National Park and the Pennine hill range .
In the 1980s and 1990s , biologists found that microbial life has an amazing flexibility for surviving in extreme environments - niches that are extraordinarily hot , or acidic , for example - that would be completely inhospitable to complex organisms .
Nagano Shinkansen
Parkes is also supported by a gold and copper mine , Northparkes , north of the town .
Within the limited membership is a designated military division , with its own unique insignia ; though it has not been abolished , it is currently unpopulated , the Earl Mountbatten of Burma having been the last person so honored .
Tin is a chemical element with the symbol Sn ( ) and atomic number 50 .
Holger Osieck is a German football coach and current coach of the Australian national association football team .
The cucking stool , according to Blackstone , eventually became known as a ducking stool by folk etymology .
Begging the question is related to the fallacy known as circular argument , circulus in probando or circular reasoning but they are considered absolutely different by Aristotle .
For example , X-ray pulsars are probably old rotationally-powered pulsars that have already lost most of their power , and have only become visible again after their binary companions had expanded and began transferring matter on to the neutron star .
Salmon Arm is a city in the Southern Interior of the Canadian province of British Columbia that has a population of 16,205 ( 2006 ) .
'' Dysphemism '' or '' malphemism '' may be either offensive or merely humorously deprecating , while '' cacophemism '' is usually deliberately offensive .
Antisense oligodeoxynucleotides have been proposed as possible treatment by down-regulating the expression of the oncogenic fusion protein associated with the development of Ewing sarcoma resulting from the EWS-ETS gene translocation . In addition , the synthetic retinoid derivative fenretinide ( 4-hydroxy ( phenyl ) retinamide ) has been reported to induce high levels of cell death in Ewing sarcoma cell lines in vitro and to delay growth of Ewing sarcoma xenografts in vivo mouse models .
When he calls the second time , however , a miracle takes place .
Nodes and writeups E2 users called noders create entries called nodes and add information in multiple writeups .
The indigenous peoples of the island are the Sakhalin Ainu , Oroks and Nivkhs .
They are called rocking chairs .
However , she is best known as the director of the light-hearted 1992 Buffy the Vampire Slayer film , which was re-imagined in the television series of the same name .
The award winner is presented with the Jim Thorpe Trophy ( not to be confused with collegiate football 's Jim Thorpe Award ) .
She has three older brothers : Aaron , Benjamin ( Ben ) , and Nathaniel ( Nate ) , the latter of whom is a model and actor .
Since then , he has been the recipient of many prizes and awards , including , the 1987 United Nations Environment Prize , the 1989 World Wide Fund for Nature Gold Medal , and the 1994 Blue Planet Prize for his '' contributions to solving global environmental problems . ''
He is a member of the Frat Pack , a group of comedians who have appeared together in several Hollywood films , and has been nominated for a Golden Globe award .
This category serves as the ancestor for all categories containing articles about wars , both historical and fictional ; it should contain only general articles and sub-categories . In particular , specific wars should not be placed directly into this category , but into one or more of its sub-categories instead .
An aspirator , also called an eductor-jet pump or filter pump , is a device that produces vacuum by means of the Venturi effect .
At Ulong , Angie still felt isolation after deemed as a weak link from last challenge but quickly gained the respect of her teammates by singlehandedly winning the Reward Challenge for Ulong .
Frank John Fenner , AC , CMG , MBE , FRS , FAA ( 21 December 1914 - 22 November 2010 ) was an Australian scientist with a distinguished career in the field of virology .
A teaser video was released in January 2009 and the first single Gee released soon after .
The CPU and hard drive frequently use a cache , as do web browsers and web servers .
In the United Kingdom , the car was sold under the Vauxhall marque as the Vauxhall Cavalier and later as the Vauxhall Vectra , from 1995 onwards .
His patent for a turbocharger was applied for use in 1905 .
The track was recorded on 8 February 1967 , with overdubs on 16 February ( bass and vocals ) , 13 March ( brass section ) , 28 March ( backing vocals and guitar solo ) , and 29 March ( animal noises ) .
Algisto Lorenzato ( May 20 , 1910 -- July 16 , 1960 ) , usually known as Batatais ( after the Brazilian city where he was born ) , was a football ( soccer ) goalkeeper .
Professional cyclist Within two months , Simpson had won five races and in July 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams ; he decided to join Rapha Geminiani , which already had a British cyclist , Brian Robinson .
Lil Jon formed the group in 1997 , and the group released several albums between then and 2004 .
Florida Championship Wrestling ( FCW ) is a professional wrestling promotion based on the former independent Championship Wrestling from Florida promotion , which operated from 1961 until 1987 .
Cozumel is one of the nine municipalities ( municipios ) of the state of Quintana Roo .
All entrants regardless of religious affiliation are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques .
According to Gavin White , the Babylonian Eagle carried the constellation called the Dead Man ( LU .
Although he was not personally involved in the bombing of the Communist Party headquarters , Chernyi was , because of his association with the Underground Anarchists , a likely candidate for a frameup .
The description '' Polish '' refers to the nationality of logician Jan ukasiewicz , who invented ( prefix ) Polish notation in 1920s .
To qualify as a ring , the set together with its two operations must satisfy certain conditions ; namely the set must be an Abelian group under addition , a monoid under multiplication , such that multiplication distributes over addition .
He later ran on a third party ticket of the Progressive Party and challenged his previous successor William Howard Taft .
Zhvanetsky 's and Kartsev 's success in 1970s , together with Odessa 's KVN team , much contributed to Odessa 's established status of a '' capital of Soviet humour '' , culminating in the annual Humorina festival , carried out on and around the April Fool 's Day .
Counties are called earldoms in post-Celtic Britain , Ireland and France -- the term is from Old Norse jarl and was introduced by the Vikings -- but there is no correlation between counties and earldoms .
Manama ( , transliteration : al-Man ma ) is the capital and largest city of Bahrain , with an approximate population of 155,000 people .
Horst Szymaniak ( born 29 August 1934 in Oer-Erkenschwick - 9 October 2009 ) was a former German football player .
Females give birth to a litter of 2-9 young after a gestation period of just under a month .
He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky .
The Rangers stayed competitive through the 1980s and early 1990s , making the playoffs each year except for one but never going very far .
John Phillip Key ( born 9 August 1961 ) is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party .
The cell was first discovered by Robert Hooke in 1665 .
Julia Eileen Gillard ( , born 29 September 1961 ) is the 27th and current Prime Minister of Australia since June 2010 .
The alternative seemed to be biogenesis : that every living thing came from a pre-existing living thing ( omne vivum ex ovo , Latin for '' every living thing from an egg '' ) .
The most prominent surface feature is a ring of bright material on the floor of Wunda crater .
( see release history )
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km .
However , depending upon culture , it may now be the second or third meal of the day '' When do we eat ?
In the book , Mowgli is abducted by a band of nameless and leaderless Bandar-log ( monkeys ) , but the rest of the scene plays out very differently from Disney 's version .
It is especially vulnerable when the beginning of the output keystream is not discarded , or nonrandom or related keys are used ; some ways of using RC4 can lead to very insecure cryptosystems such as WEP .
Because of this , Mello moved to Harvard University where he could continue his research with Dan Stinchcomb , who was starting up an independent lab there .
The behaviorist school of thought maintains that behaviors as such can be described scientifically without recourse either to internal physiological events or to hypothetical constructs such as the mind .
Labor had retained control of the Senate , and Chifley , now Leader of the Opposition , took advantage of this to bring misery to the Menzies government at every turn . Menzies responded by introducing a bill to ban the Communist Party of Australia .
Meanwhile , King Otakar II of Bohemia became the most powerful prince in Europe , expanding his territories through both warfare and inheritance .
His father was Luciano Capecchi , an Italian airman who would be later reported as missing in action while manning an anti-aircraft gun in the Western Desert Campaign , His mother was Lucy Ramberg , an American-born daughter of Impressionist painter Lucy Dodd Ramberg and German archaeologist Walter Ramberg .
RHTV can be seen on Cablelink channel 9 , and 54 cable TV affiliates nationwide , as well as live internet TV streaming on their official website .
It is represented by the area ( integral ) under the curve in the elastic region ( the initial , linear portion ) of the stress-strain curve ; this quantity is also known as the elastic potential energy of a material .
A literal English translation of the German word '' Kindergarten '' would be '' children garden , '' but in English the expression refers to the school year between pre-school and first grade .
His first EP Deep was released in 2003 with the hit debut single '' '' .
The game arrived on the Wii Virtual Console in Europe on July 20 , 2007 , in North America on August 13 , 2007 , and in Japan on March 4 , 2008 .
Helps with circulatory problems , epilepsy , fever , gout , and weight problems .
When her baby brother is stolen , Tiffany and the Nac Mac Feegle enter the elves ' world to steal him back .
Alpine glaciers form on the crests and slopes of mountains and are also known as '' mountain glaciers '' , '' niche glaciers '' , or '' cirque glaciers '' .
Disney , however , had the final say on what Miramax could release ( see Fahrenheit 9\/11 , Kids and Dogma , for examples ) .
Toru Kamikawa is a former Japanese football ( soccer ) referee , debuting in Japan 's professional J. League in 1996 .
The project was abandoned by Telenor , but in 1995 Geir and Jon obtained the rights to the software , formed a company of their own , and continued working on it .
At around that time , sea level was 120 m lower than it is today .
Euronext N.V. is a pan-European stock exchange based in Paris and with subsidiaries in Belgium , France , Netherlands , Portugal and the United Kingdom .
Johannes Heesters ( born December 5 , 1903 ) is a Dutch-Austrian actor , singer and entertainer with an 87-year career , almost exclusively in the German-speaking world .
Flag Mato Grosso do Sul 's flag was designed by Mauro Michael Munhoz .
These were caused , police say , by the electrocution of two boys , Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré ; a third boy , Muhittin Altun , suffered electric shock injury from the power substation they were hiding in .
Samuel de Champlain claims the Lake Champlain area of Vermont for France .
Jien records that he ruled from the palace of Ukena-no-miya at Katashiro in Kawachi in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
Robert William Holley ( January 28 , 1922 -- February 11 , 1993 ) was an American biochemist , he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1968 ( with Har Gobind Khorana and Marshall Warren Nirenberg ) for describing the structure of alanine transfer RNA , linking DNA and protein synthesis .
Founded in 1541 by Jorge Robledo as Villa de Santafé on the western bank of the Cauca River , in 1545 it received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain .
Mérignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The film was produced in the Babelsberg Studios by Universum Film A.G. ( UFA ) .
In the term '' 20\/20 vision '' the numerator refers to the distance in feet between the subject and the chart .
The Imperial lemon is thought to be a lemon X grapefruit hybrid .
The film 's success also made Dreamworks Animation create three sequels : Shrek 2 , Shrek the Third , and Shrek Forever After .
Balizac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Lawrence 's Goldfinch , Carduelis lawrencei , is a small songbird that ranges erratically in southwestern North America .
A railway station named '' Hornsby Junction '' opened on the 17th of September , 1886 to the north of the town of Hornsby , which had developed on the site of Horne 's grant .
Thunderstorm - A thunderstorm is a type of storm that generates lightning and the attendant thunder .
The dots '' ... '' indicate there are many moves , so we do not show them all .
Other Warriors books Super Editions Firestar 's Quest , a larger book , was released on August 25 , 2007 .
The Great American Bash ( 1988 ) was the first The Great American Bash event that was produced as a pay-per-view .
Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in eight seconds .
After a hard fought race Hamilton was in fifth but , after rain , and in the closing laps of the race , Sebastian Vettel of Scuderia Toro Rosso took the fifth position away from Hamilton .
One is used by the cryptographic community , while the other is the meaning understood by the public .
Ultraman series have also been dubbed into various languages , including English , Spanish ( only Ultra Q , the original Ultraman , Ultra Seven , Return of Ultra Man , Ultraman Great & Ultraman Tiga were known to be translated into Spanish ) , Portuguese ( Ultraman , Ultraseven , Return of Ultraman and Ultraman Tiga in Brazil ) , Korean , Malay , Mandarin and Cantonese .
Chi McBride ( born 1961 ) , American actor
Jeremiah McLain Rusk ( June 17 , 1830 - November 21 , 1893 ) was the 15th Governor of the U.S. state of Wisconsin from 1882 to 1889 and the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1889 to 1893 .
Adair is a city in Adair and Guthrie Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Berlin returned to Olympic bidding in 1931 , when it beat Barcelona , Spain for the right to host the 1936 Summer Olympics .
This template uses the data templates listed under : Category : Country data templates , which contain the data what to display and the formatter Template : Flagicon\/core , which contains the logic how to display the flag .
Even before opening , the Mall of America had earned several nicknames , including '' The Megamall '' ( or '' The Megamess '' during construction ) , '' Sprawl of America '' , '' Hugedale '' ( in reference to the four major '' Dale '' shopping malls within the Twin Cities , Rosedale , Southdale , Ridgedale and Brookdale ) and , simply , '' The Mall '' .
In August 2008 , Bloc Party released their third studio record , Intimacy .
The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a prototypical grade crossing signal installed at a dangerous Illinois Central crossing on Mississippi State Route 7 in Grenada .
He conquered the island of Jamaica for the Spanish Crown .
Mary 11/12 Mar. 1279 29 May 1332 A Benedictine nun in Amesbury , Wiltshire , where she was probably buried .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 89 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
Because Andrewsarchus is only known from a single skull , whether it was an active predator or merely a large scavenger is open to debate , as is its exact time range .
From 1953 to 1962 , 996 locomotives were produced , making it the most numerous of all British locomotive classes .
Hosted the first two seasons of the popular show Let 's Dance on TV4 , along with David Hellenius .
Eve 's Plum was a New York City-based alternative rock band who recorded in the 1990s .
Windows 95 was superseded by Windows 98 and could still be directly upgraded by both Windows 2000 and Windows Me .
In Holland and England competition grew between the noble families as to who could prepare the most lavish banquet .
Steel square , also called a '' framing '' or '' carpenter 's '' square , produces right angles
Salts can also form if solutions of different salts are mixed , their ions recombine , and the new salt is insoluble and precipitates ( see : solubility equilibrium ) , for example :
She was launched on 25 April 1911 and delivered to the White Star Line on the 27 May .
Breast cancer ( malignant breast neoplasm ) is cancer originating from breast tissue , most commonly from the inner lining of milk ducts or the lobules that supply the ducts with milk .
The party was also the driving force of Comintern , maintained organizational links and supported communist movements in Eastern Europe , Asia and Africa .
Lentils are mentioned many times in the Old Testament , the first time recounting the incident in which Jacob purchases the birthright from Esau with stewed lentils ( a '' mess of pottage '' ) In Jewish mourning tradition , they are considered as food for mourners , together with boiled eggs .
Robert Noyce also came up with his own idea of an integrated circuit half a year later than Kilby .
It is generally added at the last moment , as cooking quickly destroys the flavor .
Spam 's gelatinous glaze , or aspic , forms from the cooling of meat stock .
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient key - 128 bits , for example .
The pair won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for the work and Damon garnered multiple nominations for Best Actor for his lead performance in the same film .
This period spanned the years from 1260 to 1261 .
It is a fast paced song with a slower , chant-along bridge , with all running at two minutes and fifty seconds .
Matthew Cardona ( born May 14 , 1985 ) better known by his ring name Zack Ryder , is an American professional wrestler . He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) working on its Raw brand .
Before this time constructors were free to sell their chassis to as many other teams as they liked .
It is administered by the Derwent Valley Mills Partnership .
Statistics of Japan Football League in the 2002 season .
Lasiorhinus
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Council was historically significant as the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
The greatest example has been in his present job ( then , Minister for Foreign Affairs ) , where he has perforce concentrated on Anglo-Irish relations and , in particular the North ( i.e. , Northern Ireland ) .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver Narain Karthikeyan and race drivers Nico Rosberg and Alexander Wurz , targeting a race seat in .
Brushing the teeth , flossing , undergoing dental work , or eating crunchy foods such as potato chips relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission , because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth .
James Henry Scullin ( 18 September 1876 -- 28 January 1953 ) , Australian Labor politician and the ninth Prime Minister of Australia .
Geographers disagree on the Southern Ocean 's northern boundary or even its existence , with some considering the waters part of the South Pacific , South Atlantic , and Indian Oceans instead .
Following its discovery in 1999 , it was given the temporary designation of S\/1986 U 10 .
Dilophosaurus was also featured in the documentary When Dinosaurs Roamed America , killing an Anchisaurus and scaring off a pack of Syntarsus ( now known as Megapnosaurus ) .
( ASI ) ( Urdu : ) is a Pakistan-based organization .
MySQL was owned and sponsored by a single for-profit firm , the Swedish company MySQL AB , now owned by Sun Microsystems , a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation .
Oladele Brendon Ayanbadejo ( born September 6 , 1976 ) is an American football linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Debrecen or Debretin ( , known by alternative names ) , is the second largest city in Hungary after Budapest .
The scrolls found their way to Hollywood , where they formed the basis of the television series .
Alexander Elliot Anderson '' Alex '' Salmond PC ( ; born 31 December 1954 ) is a Scottish politician and the current First Minister of Scotland .
Bandar Seri Begawan , ( Jawi : ) with an estimated population 140,000 ( as of 2010 ) , is the capital and largest city of the Sultanate of Brunei .
Lewisville is a city in Jefferson County , Idaho , United States .
He came from a wealthy municipal family of the equestrian order , and is widely considered one of Rome 's greatest orators and prose stylists .
The film , Serenity , was in movie theaters in the United States on September 30 , 2005 .
Many open proxies have been blocked indefinitely , but this is no longer considered good practice . A large proportion of indefinitely blocked proxies are no longer open proxies .
Its county seat is Newton and its largest city is Hickory .
History Morbihan is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Carmen : A Hip Hopera is a 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend .
The single was not commercially released in the U.S. and other major markets , It did receive some minor US Urban radio airplay , peaking at # 63 on the US Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Airplay chart .
As a leader of the Whig Party , he was one of the nation 's most prominent conservatives , leading opposition to Democrat Andrew Jackson and the Democratic party .
Its population was 99,439 in 2009 , and that of its urban area was 175,000 .
He was a member of the Observant Branch of the Dominican Order at Fiesole .
Products were shipped under the Maxis logo for several years , but in 2004 , The Sims 2 bore only the Electronic Arts logo on the box cover ( although Sims 2 displays the Maxis logo at game start , and on the reverse side of the box ) .
The was started as a response to needs of English learners ( EAL students ) and English teachers .
The term spacetime has taken on a generalized meaning beyond treating spacetime events with the normal 3 +1 dimensions .
Early in the century , however , due to discoveries on Java and at Zhoukoudian , it was believed that modern humans first evolved in Asia .
where is the molar conductivity at infinite dilution ( or limiting molar conductivity ) K is the Kohlrausch coefficient , which depends on the nature of the specific salt in solution .
Prime Minister of Brandenburg [ ] , Prime Minister of Lower Saxony [ ] ) .
World Time Trial Champion ( 1999 , 2001 )
'' Malabar plum '' may also refer to other species of Syzygium .
It was not until 1882 that Ferdinand von Lindemann proved its transcendence .
Palme was the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party and two-term Prime Minister of Sweden , heading a Privy Council Government from 1969 to 1976 and a cabinet government from 1982 until his assassination in 1986 .
The opium poppy is the principal source of all natural opiates . Opiates are extracted from opium and poppy straw .
Beginning from the ninth century BC , Shu ( today Chengdu ) and Ba ( today Chongqing City ) emerged as cultural and administrative centers where two rival kingdoms were established .
Giorgio Vasari , Lives of the Artists .
The territory of the comune is particularly rich in Romanesque churches : some of those in the plain , erected on the Roman Via Flaminia when that road was in use , and incorporating a fair amount of Roman spolia , remain as markers of the road 's course .
'' Party '' began as a jam session between Freddie Mercury , Brian May and John Deacon .
Biography Born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta , Browning was a four-time Canadian figure skating champion and four-time World Champion .
Magnicourt-en-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Allosaurus appeared in the second episode of the 1999 BBC television series Walking with Dinosaurs and the follow-up special The Ballad of Big Al , which speculated on the life of the '' Big Al '' specimen , based on scientific evidence from the numerous injuries and pathologies in its skeleton .
The MP5 is currently one of the most widely used submachine guns in the world , having been adopted by numerous military , law enforcement , intelligence and security organizations . In the 1990s , Heckler & Koch developed the Heckler & Koch UMP , the MP5 's successor , though both remain in production .
brands .
As a rule , all of the songs are by the same composer and often use words from the same poet or lyricist .
Soumont-Saint-Quentin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Astronaut Candidate Training includes orientation briefings and tours , numerous scientific and technical briefings , intensive instruction in Shuttle and International Space Station systems , physiological training , T-38 flight training , and water and wilderness survival training .
The attack took place on January 31 , 1996 , Sri Lankan city of Colombo .
History The NHL 's first championship trophy was the O'Brien Cup , which was created by the National Hockey Association in 1910 and transferred to the NHL in 1918 , after which it was awarded to the playoff champion until 1923 .
Mitterrand defeated the Savary-Mollet duo by proposing an electoral program with the Communists and took the lead .
Eventually , they snapped , and went out in '' a blaze of glory '' by insulting everything and everyone , until the admins reverted their hateful , final rants from the pages where they had cast their vicious parting remarks .
The Presidents ' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
Superchunk was formed in 1989 in the town of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , by Mac McCaughan ( guitar and vocals ) , Laura Ballance ( bass ) , Chuck Garrison ( drums ) , and Jack McCook ( guitar ) .
Takahito Soma born December 10 , 1981 in Kawasaki , Kanagawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for German second division club FC Energie Cottbus .
Numerous tropical storm watches were issued for the Lesser Antilles , Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic between August 15 and 17 .
Terra cotta figurines Previously reserved for religious use , in Hellenistic Greece the terra cotta figurine was more frequently used for funerary , and even decorative , purposes .
A four-door saloon was developed for certain markets where sedans are traditionally preferred over hatchbacks and is sold under names Renault Clio Classic , Renault Clio Symbol , Renault Symbol , Renault Clio Sedan , Renault Clio Tricorps , and Renault Thalia .
Marie Curie ( 1867 -- 1934 ) , Polish-French chemist and physicist , two time Nobel Prize winner
Antarctica is considered a desert , with annual precipitation of only 200 mm ( 8 inches ) along the coast and far less inland .
Carlos Alexandre Torres ( born 22 August 1966 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer .
As monarchies The United Arab Emirates is a federal state that comprises seven federal emirates , each administered by a hereditary emir , these seven forming the electoral college for the federation 's President and Prime Minister .
Pliocene -- Pleistocene
In June 2007 , iTunes featured Bareilles ' single '' Love Song '' as the free single of the week .
It is a spin-off Disney channel movie of the 2002 animated feature film Lilo & Stitch and the conclusion to the television series Lilo & Stitch : The Series and the franchise as well .
Music : In Theory and Practice , Vol .
Cantril is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
February 2 & ndash ; Bona Sforza , queen of Sigismund I of Poland ( d. 1557 )
The Joseon Dynasty in present-day Korea officially enters into a tributary relationship with Ming Dynasty China .
Manchukuo ( 1932 & ndash ; 1945 ) , set up in Manchuria under the leadership of the last Chinese Emperor , Puyi .
They existed from 1983 to 1986 and were based in London , England with product production and distribution located in Canada .
Malta 400,000 ( Maltese descent only )
Shiva , the ( arguably ) most ancient of the Indian deities with prehistoric origins , and the third of the Hindu Trinity -- one of the most widely worshipped and edified deity in the Hindu pantheon , is worshipped much more commonly in the form of the Lingam , or the phallus .
The wet boxer-short contest is a form of beauty contest featuring men in their underwear .
Also , when plants and animals are introduced into a new environment , they have the potential to occupy or invade the niche or niches of native organisms , often outcompeting the indigenous species .
It is short-lived , and the plants will need to be replaced every few years .
Kazunari Hosaka is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ventforet Kofu in the J. League Division 2 .
Charles A. Johns ( June 25 , 1857 - January 11 , 1932 ) was an American lawyer , jurist and politician who served as the 47th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court .
The Hunchakian party has established affiliate organizations such as the AEBU which is an organization that helps with educational , health and social care , the Armenian Dkhrouhi Youth Association and HMM ( Homenmen ) which is an independent sporting organization but strongly affiliated with the SDHP ( not to be confused with Homenetmen considered largely affiliated with the ARF ) .
His work contributed to the conceptual revolution that led to the modern evolutionary synthesis of Mendelian genetics , systematics , and Darwinian evolution , and to the development of the biological species concept .
Carlos Roberto Gallo , best known as Carlos ( born in Vinhedo , March 4 , 1956 ) , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
Rally-X is a maze arcade game that was released by Namco in 1980 .
Landiras is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
By her he had a son , Hiawatha ( 1900-1980 ) and a daughter , Avril , born Gwendolyn ( 1903-1998 ) .
Edward C. J. '' Eddie '' Litzenberger ( July 15 , 1932 - November 1 , 2010 ) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger from Neudorf , Saskatchewan .
She was often mentioned as a possible nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court and served for eleven years before President Jimmy Carter appointed her to be the first U.S. Secretary of Education .
In September 1989 , Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on October 17 , 1989 , he was transferred to West Berlin .
Galaxies come in three main types : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
However , depending upon culture , it may now be the second or third meal of the day '' When do we eat ?
Normally the minimum number of games a goaltender must play to be eligible for the trophy is 25 , but for the lockout shortened 1994 -- 95 season , the required minimum was fourteen games .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787 , Oberon is named after the mythical king of the fairies who appears as a character in Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
In 1814 he was awarded the Chancellor 's Gold Medal for poetry .
The 4 Core Concepts of the Monterrey 2007 Forum were carried out in 4 separate activities programs .
Idomeneo must yield the throne to Ilia and Idamante .
Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
'' Evil on Your Mind '' is the name of a popular Country music song , originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star , Jan Howard in 1966 .
This article is about the '' Circles '' ( Kreise ) of Germany .
The region is bounded by the Black Sea to the north , the Caucasus to the northeast , the Iranian plateau to the southeast , the Mediterranean Sea to the south and the Aegean Sea to the west .
It is above sea-level and about west of Sydney .
He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers ' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion and drove in Formula One in 2009 .
Albligen ( former French name : Albenon ) is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Argentina , Denmark , New Zealand , and Portugal did not compete at these Games , after having participated in 1952 .
The Probainognathians of the Eucynodont clade probably evolved into the early mammaliaformes , but the branch Allotheria was so different that they may have come from an entirely different group of cynodonts .
In Germany Voigt is not seen as a criminal , but rather as a folk hero and a victim of official prejudice , who was caught in the paradox of not getting work without a passport , while not being able to have a passport without work .
While visiting her sister in Kentucky in 1809 , she was introduced to Lieutenant Zachary Taylor , then home on leave , by Dr. Alexander Duke .
Kirby Muxloe is founded ( approximate date ) .
from :04 \/O/ 10\/1980 till :11 \/O/ 10\/1980 color : C2 text : '' Ivan ''
Cincinnati Bengals ( -- present )
At this stage , the Ultra beings must either find a way to recharge or finish the fight as soon as possible , or involuntarily revert to human form , or worse , risk certain death .
Condette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Essigny-le-Grand is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
A second direct-to-video sequel , ' , was released on August 30 , 2005 .
The band released their new album , entitled The Chaos , on 26 April 2010 in the UK .
The units were built in several batches from 1997 onwards .
Territorial expansion During the 18th century , the Hindu Maratha Empire expanded rapidly , claiming Konkan and much of eastern Gujarat from the disintegrating Mughal Empire .
The famous Bayeux Tapestry depicts the events before and during the battle .
He would go on to coach the team on four separate occasions until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954 .
Alonso complained on the radio to his team which led to the stewards investigating the incident and penalising Hamilton with a drive through penalty .
A Treaty of friendship and alliance between the Government of Mongolia and Tibet was signed on February 2 , 1913 , at Urga ( now Ulaanbaatar ) .
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In the 1960s , the government of Tamil Nadu held a World Tamil Conference , which has continued to meet periodically since then .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
Stonehouse is a rural village in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
In 1953 , UNICEF became a permanent part of the United Nations System and its name was shortened from the original United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund but it has continued to be known by the popular acronym based on this old name .
Canada
Though their grandson Charles I of Spain ( also known as Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) favored Seville , it was Charles ' son , Philip II ( 1527 & ndash ; 1598 ) who moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
The Atlantic Standard Time Zone ( AST ) is a geographical region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from either Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) or Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) , resulting in UTC-4 or GMT-4 .
The Edgar Cayce Hospital for Research and Enlightenment was established in Virginia Beach in 1928 with 60 beds .
On May 25 , 2006 , Lay was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud by a jury of eight women and four men . In a separate bench trial , Judge Lake ruled Lay was guilty of four counts of fraud and false statements .
Port Said has been ranked the first among the Egyptian cities according to the Human Development Index in 2009 and 2010 , the economic base of the city is fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
The injury is then loosely bandaged , but is not sutured due to risk of infection .
Peter ( Byzantine General ) defeats the Eurasian Avars .
History The concept of EU citizenship as a distinct concept was first introduced by the Maastricht Treaty , and was extended by the Treaty of Amsterdam .
It was created in 1956 from two départements : Seine-Maritime and Eure , when Normandy was divided into Basse-Normandie and Haute-Normandie .
On the May 1 , 2006 edition of Raw , Joey Styles announced he was quitting ( kayfabe ) .
Wystan Hugh Auden ( ; 21 February 1907 - 29 September 1973 ) , who published as W. H. Auden , was an Anglo-American poet , born in England , later an American citizen , regarded by many as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
His TV works spanned a 20-year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show ( 1963 -- 66 ) , I Dream of Jeannie ( 1965 -- 70 ) and Hart to Hart ( 1979 -- 84 ) , but it was not until after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling novels such as Master of the Game (/O1982/O) , The Other Side of Midnight (/O1973/O) and Rage of Angels (/O1980/O) that he became most famous .
Aguilera also released a Christmas album on October 24 , 2000 called My Kind of Christmas and performed '' The Christmas Song '' at the White House that year .
The Truman Show is a 1998 comedy-drama film directed by Peter Weir and written by Andrew Niccol .
Animals being poached in the country are bear , musk deer , tiger etc. .
Democrat Barack Obama , then junior United States Senator from Illinois , defeated Republican John McCain .
Amritsar district is one of 20 districts in the state of Punjab in West India .
Land elevations generally slope from northeast to southwest , following the general shape of the Hindu Kush massif , from its highest point in the Pamir Mountains near the Chinese border to the lower elevations near the border with Iran .
Paul Steinitz was a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Organists .
al-Sal jiqa ) were a Turco-PersianGrousset , Rene , The Empire of the Steppes , ( New Brunswick : Rutgers University Press , 1988 ) , 147 .
This is the same list used for the 1995 season except for Lorenzo , Michelle , Olga , and Rebekah , which replaced Luis , Marilyn , Opal , and Roxanne .
Johnny Aitken , in a Peugeot , in the end triumphed in all three events , his final victories at the facility .
The last one ( No. 9 ) started to power on September 7 , 2005 .
Much of Akron 's early growth was due to its location along the Ohio and Erie Canal which at one time connected Lake Erie and the Ohio River .
I Giray of Crimea , the Khanate was endangered by the Golden Horde and the Ottoman Turks and , in search of allies , the khan agreed to cede the area to Lithuania .
It had less songs based on rap and funk than previous album .
Paulo Renato Rebocho Ferreira ( born 18 January 1979 ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a defender for Chelsea .
Zoey Zane ( aka Emily Sander ; 1989 - 2007 ) , notable murder victim
'' Your Love Is a Lie '' was first publicly performed at a taping for YouTube on December 18 , 2007 .
These consist of one king , one queen , two rooks , two bishops , two knights and eight pawns .
She was estranged from her father from this time until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
Michael Kiske - vocals on Superheroes
Thales of Miletus ( ; , Thal s ; 624 BC -- c. 546 BC ) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher from Miletus in Asia Minor , and one of the Seven Sages of Greece .
The school is under the jurisdiction of the Ontario Ministry of Education and is part of the Huron-Perth Catholic District School Board ( HPCDSB ) .
Warlock is also known for his many carols , such as '' Adam lay ybounden '' , '' Tyrley Tyrlow '' , '' I Saw a Maiden '' and '' Bethlehem Down '' , the last a setting of words by Bruce Blunt .
Sun played an instrumental role in inspiring the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of China .
Civil disobedience is commonly , though not always , defined as being nonviolent resistance .
The city centre of Albany is located between the hills of Mount Melville and Mount Clarence which look down into Princess Royal Harbour .
Decatur , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Ramecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
She was a leading child actor in the 1990s , starring in movies such as Hocus Pocus ( 1993 ) , Now and Then ( 1995 ) , and Alaska ( 1996 ) .
From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian pedagogical institute after Khachatur Abovyan at the faculty of woodwind instruments and pop music department .
Mainstream linguistics has demonstrated that Hungarian is part of the Uralic family of languages , related ultimately to languages such as Finnish and Estonian , although it is particularly close to Khanty and Mansi languages located near the Ural Mountains .
Martin began writing the series in 1991 and the first volume was published in 1996 .
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes , ponds , rivers , creeks , canals , and similar habitats .
Alexander Lukashenko has been the only person who has served as president since the elections in 1994 .
Although some girls were bonded to geisha houses ( okiya ) as children , this was not a common practice in reputable districts .
This in turn is joined to the rest of Tasmania by an isthmus called East Bay Neck , near the town of Dunalley ( about 60 k by road from Hobart ) .
It is the second-largest saltwater lake in the United States , after the Great Salt Lake in Utah , and the largest lake in Louisiana .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and written by David Koepp , and stars Tobey Maguire , Willem Dafoe , Kirsten Dunst , and James Franco .
The church is 64 m high .
Mercedes-Benz formerly competed in Grand Prix motor racing in the 1930s , when the Silver Arrows dominated alongside rivals Auto Union .
Humans seek to understand and influence the environment around them by trying to explain and manipulate natural phenomena through philosophy , art , science , mythology , and religion .
, k ne ` move ' + , rhynchos ` snout ' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
It is situated on the River Rhine .
She is considered a folk singer although her music has strayed from folk considerably after the 1960s , encompassing everything from rock and pop to country and gospel .
Bruckner was a renowned organist in his day , impressing audiences in France in 1869 , and England in 1871 , giving six recitals on a new Henry Willis organ at Royal Albert Hall in London and five more at the Crystal Palace .
He was the first person to reach both the North and South Poles .
Homedale is a city in Owyhee County , Idaho , United States .
Euterpe is a genus of palm tree , containing eight species that are native to Central and South America , from Belize southward to Brazil , Peru and Argentina .
Polyphemus ( ) is the gigantic one-eyed son of Poseidon and Thoosa in Greek mythology , one of the Cyclopes .
Darren Roanoke ( Romany Malco ) , the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs , is suffering from stress because his wife , Prudence Roanoke ( Meagan Good ) , has left him for the L.A. Kings French-Canadian goaltender Jacques '' Le Coq '' Grandé ( # 1 ) ( Justin Timberlake ) .
For eighteen days , up to August , 30 BC he was sole pharaoh , when he was killed on orders of Octavian , who would become the Roman emperor Augustus .
La Bigne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The town 's growth was facilitated by its role as the administrative and commercial center of German East Africa and industrial expansion resulting from the construction of the Central Railway Line in the early 1900s .
Adult male voices are usually lower pitched and have larger folds .
The growth of road transport and the decline of the Empire , in the years following 1914 , reduced the economic prominence of the river .
ToriVictoria Crawford
In computer networking and computer science , bandwidth , network bandwidth , data bandwidth or digital bandwidth , is a bit rate measure of available or consumed data communication resources expressed in bits\/second or multiples of it ( kilobits\/s , megabits\/s etc ) .
Jerk is a vector , and there is no generally used term to describe its scalar magnitude ( e.g. '' speed '' as the scalar magnitude for velocity ) .
Larissa Hope Wilson ( born May 5 , 1989 ) is a British television and film actress who attends John Cabot Academy in Kingswood , near Bristol , England .
A digital-to-analog converter is used to convert the digital signal back to analog .
Bottens
He was President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development from 1998 to 2000 and head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) from 2000 to 2004 .
The other animals in the group all lived in prehistoric times in Australia .
It is played with an oval-shaped ball on a field up to long and wide with H-shaped goal posts on each goal line .
In 1912 , he became chorister at the Rouen Cathedral Choir School , where he studied piano and organ with Jules Haelling .
The 14th century is the time from 1301 to 1400 .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Typically , aftershocks are found up to a distance equal to the rupture length away from the fault plane .
S1m0ne ( also spelled Simone ) is a 2002 science fiction drama film written , produced and directed by Andrew Niccol , starring Al Pacino .
The Wiradjuri tribal area has been described as '' the land of the three rivers , the Wambool later known as the Macquarie , the Kalare later known as the Lachlan and the Murrumbidgee ( Murrumbidjeri ) .
Fertilizers are usually directly applied to soil , and also sprayed on leaves ( ` foliar feeding ' ) .
Gerd van den Bergh , a paleontologist working with the fossils , reported hearing of the Ebu Gogo a decade before the fossil discovery .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 14,690 .
A microcontroller ( sometimes abbreviated C , uC or MCU ) is a small computer on a single integrated circuit containing a processor core , memory , and programmable input\/output peripherals .
The name '' Victoria line '' dates back to 1955 ; other suggestions were '' Walvic line '' ( Walthamstow - Victoria ) and '' Viking line '' ( Victoria - King 's Cross ) .
The episode was well received by critics and it was the second highest rated show on the Fox network the week it aired .
Her biggest hits include two of these Billboard chart topping Oscar and Grammy winners - '' Up Where We Belong '' ( duet with Joe Cocker , from the 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman ) and '' ( I 've Had ) The Time of My Life '' ( duet with Bill Medley from the 1987 film Dirty Dancing ) .
In general , '' embedded system '' is not an exactly defined term , as many systems have some element of programmability .
In this demonstration , he poured tetraethyl lead over his hands , then placed a bottle of the chemical under his nose and breathed it in for sixty seconds , declaring that he could do this every day without succumbing to any problems whatsoever .
In the United States , Tagore 's popular lecturing circuits ( especially those between 1916 -- 1917 ) were widely attended and acclaimed .
Axillary buds can be used to differentiate if the plant is single-leafed or multi-leafed .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Rail Club du Kadiogo .
The living sloths belong to one of two families , known as the Megalonychidae ( '' two-toed '' sloths ) and the Bradypodidae ( three-toed sloths ) . All living sloths have in fact three toes ; the '' two-toed '' sloths , however , have only two fingers .
Especially in modern countries horses are mostly used for entertainment and sports , and no longer for the other things .
Kaika is regarded by historians as a '' legendary emperor '' because of the paucity of information about him , which does not necessarily imply that no such person ever existed .
Wingfield is located two miles west of the town of Trowbridge .
After the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion in 1970 , in which Weatherman member Ted Gold , Ayers ' close friend Terry Robbins , and Ayers ' girlfriend , Diana Oughton were killed when a bomb being assembled in the house exploded , Ayers and several associates evaded pursuit by US law enforcement officials .
The office was created by the Republic Act 4196 , which is today 's University Charter .
He is a current Member of the European Parliament for South East England and co-chairs the Eurosceptic Europe of Freedom and Democracy group .
Little Miss is an accompanying series of 42 ( 33 published in English ) books by the same author with female characters that started in 1981 .
He married Claire Coombs , an Anglo-Belgian former real-estate agent , on 12 April 2003 .
His father , John of Gaunt , was the third son of Edward III , and enjoyed a position of considerable influence during much of the reign of Richard II .
Children with developmental delays or special needs can find their own '' voice '' by using their hands to communicate using sign language .
The Octopus card is a rechargeable contactless smart card used in an electronic payment system in Hong Kong developed by Australian-based company ERG Group .
The precise conventions and terminology for describing tables varies depending on the context .
Granted this recognition , Vitellius set out for Rome ; however , he faced problems from the start of his reign .
Wyoming State Parks , Historic Sites & Trails Moreover , some areas , such as between the Sierra Madre Mountains and the Snowy Range near Grand Encampment , produced copper .
Other balls are placed at random and must touch their neighbors .
The railway was formed by the amalgamation of several smaller railway companies , the largest of which were the London & South Western Railway ( LSWR ) , the London , Brighton and South Coast Railway ( LBSC ) and the South Eastern and Chatham Railway ( SECR ) .
The University of Melbourne ( informally Melbourne Uni , Unimelb or just Melbourne ) is a public university located in Melbourne , Victoria .
Rather than play in Boston , Dryden pursued a Bachelor of Arts degree at Cornell University , where he also played hockey until his graduation in 1969 .
Catalysis is the change in rate of a chemical reaction due to the participation of a substance called a catalyst . Unlike other reagents that participate in the chemical reaction , a catalyst is not consumed by the reaction itself .
The city calls itself the Town of Addison but it is incorporated as a city .
A sovereign state is a state with a permanent population , a defined territory , a government and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states .
Smoot collaborated with San Francisco Chronicle journalist Keay Davidson to write the general-audience book Wrinkles in Time , that chronicled his team 's efforts .
Pharmacovigilance is a type of continual monitoring of unwanted effects and other safety-related aspects of drugs that are already placed in current growing integrating markets .
The nearby Stevenage Leisure Park has a multiplex cinema , clubs and restaurants .
-- Me ne kredas ke vu esas tre potenta , mem vu ne havas pedi ... nek vu povas voyajar ... -- Me povas transportar vu plu fore kam navo - dicis la serpento .
He received a law degree from the University of Louisville Law School in 1849 .
Kisamor became famous for her skill , and people came to her from all over the country for consultation and treatment .
, Daily Telegraph , 22 December 2001 Apart from the fact that he is missing one eye , accounts of his physical appearance are contradictory : Omar is described as very tall man ( some say 2 m ) .
The most expensive silent film ever made , it cost approximately 5 million Reichsmark .
Soliers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Its opening-day gross of $ 45.5 million is the fourth-highest on record while its opening weekend gross of $ 103 million is the fifth highest ever .
Applied mechanics is a branch of the physical sciences and the practical application of mechanics .
Appointment Following the assassination of King Pap , Valens sent Varazdat , a nephew of Pap , a young man highly reputed for his mental and physical gifts , to occupy the Armenian throne .
Nottinghamshire County Councilhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.nottscc.gov.uk \/O/
Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title , in 1984\/85 , and also the last Scottish team to win a European Championship .
Shankly was born in the Ayrshire mining village of Glenbuck , He was one of 5 brothers who went on to play professional football .
In 2009 , the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Chicago White Sox began to share a new spring training complex and stadium in Phoenix , Arizona owned and operated by the City of Glendale .
Max is shocked and scared by the news of his father 's parole .
Of the total Armenian population living worldwide ( in 2004 estimated to be 9,000,000 ) , only about 3,000,000 live in Armenia , about 140,000 in Nagorno-Karabakh and approximately 120,000 in Javakhk .
Among noteworthy buildings is St Mary 's Church , where Mary Tudor , Queen of France and sister of Tudor king Henry VIII , was re-buried , six years after her death , having been moved from the Abbey after her brother 's dissolution of the Church .
This season of the series featured the return of eighteen players from previous seasons , divided into tribes : Chapera , Mogo Mogo , and Saboga .
Lance Hoyt ( born February 28 , 1977 ) is an American professional wrestler , best known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , where he is a two time NWA World Tag Team Champion with Kid Kash while the title was under the TNA banner . He is also known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Vance Archer .
While raisin is a French loanword , the word in French refers to the fresh fruit ; grappe ( from which the English grape is derived ) refers to the bunch ( as in une grappe de raisins ) .
Oda says he is the 17th direct descendant of Oda Nobunaga , a daimyo during Japan 's Sengoku period who conquered most of Japan .
A list of films produced in the Telugu cinema or Tollywood industry and in the Telugu language .
Luminosity is a measurement of brightness .
The graph to the right plots the results of an experiment of rolls of a die .
Two parts of this work were first performed in London during 1851 and began his reputation as a noteworthy composer .
MRI provides much greater contrast between the different soft tissues of the body than computed tomography ( CT ) does , making it especially useful in neurological ( brain ) , musculoskeletal , cardiovascular , and oncological ( cancer ) imaging .
Many graffiti artists have used their design talents in other artistic endeavors . In 2009 graffiti artist '' Scape '' published '' GRAFF ; the Art & Technique of Graffiti '' , the world 's first book dedicated to displaying the full techniques of creating graffiti art .
The DAX ( Deutscher Aktien IndeX , formerly Deutscher Aktien-Index ( German stock index ) ) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange .
The collisions of atoms are elastic collisions ( Rutherford backscattering is one example ) .
Fritz Fischer argued in favor of a Sonderweg conception of German history that saw Nazism as the inevitable result of the way German society had developed .
In some cultures , food is almost always eaten with the hands ; for example , Ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes up in injera bread .
Conceptually , a router operates in two operational planes ( or sub-systems ) : Requirements for Separation of IP Control and Forwarding , RFC 3654 , H. Khosravi & T. Anderson , November 2003
Assassination of Mahatma Gandhi Godse assassinated Mahatma Gandhi on January 30 , 1948 , approaching him during the evening prayer , bowing , and shooting him three times at close range with a Beretta semi-automatic pistol .
Dr. Bolton , a fellow professor , attempted to destroy Paradigm 's research , and was transformed into an inhuman monstrosity by the evil scientist before escaping .
Windows XP was eventually released for two additional architectures , Windows XP 64-bit Edition for IA-64 ( Itanium ) processors and Windows XP Professional x64 Edition for x86-64 . There is also Windows XP Embedded , a component version of the Windows XP Professional , and editions for specific markets such as Windows XP Starter Edition .
See also Drawing lots Allotment Election Appointment Lottocracy Clerotarchy Random ballot Demarchy References External links Citizens ' Assembly on Electoral Reform ( official website ) .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , with stints at the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers ( on two occasions ) and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
Eutrochium maculatum ( Spotted Joe-pye Weed ) is a member of the Asteraceae family .
The Clerget engine was particularly sensitive to fuel mixture control , and incorrect settings often caused the engine to choke and cut out during take-off .
He was an apprentice of Pieter Coecke van Aelst , whose daughter Mayken he later married .
Retrieved 28 January 2008 .
His surname is .
The Swedish Academy was founded in 1786 by King Gustav III .
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles defined the Middle East as '' the area lying between and including Libya on the west and Pakistan on the east , Syria and Iraq on the North and the Arabian peninsula to the south , plus the Sudan and Ethiopia . ''
Heathers ( 1989 ) - Awards The film was a U.S. box office failure , Heathers ( 1989 ) - Box office / business but has since become a cult classic , as is shown by its high sales and rentals on DVD and VHS .
Tropical Storm Franklin was a tropical storm over the western Atlantic Ocean during July of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
The 24-hour clock is a method of telling the time in which the day runs from midnight to midnight and is divided into 24 hours , numbered from 0 to 24 .
Side effects and drug interactions Adverse reactions to epinephrine include palpitations , tachycardia , arrhythmia , anxiety , headache , tremor , hypertension , and acute pulmonary edema .
Period = from :0 till :35000
In 1989 , two multinational corporations and several government agencies put forward a proposal for the waste dump and offered payment of $ 3 million a year for 40 years .
Partitions are also known in the Solaris operating system and the BSD-based operating systems as '' slices '' .
One week later on the December 5 , 2008 episode of SmackDown , it was announced that the WWE Board of Directors had decided Edge would have to defend the title against both Triple H and Hardy at Armageddon .
In the opinion of several historians , Ford had more impact upon history and culture than her husband .
Copy-on-write ( sometimes referred to as '' COW '' ) is an optimization strategy used in computer programming .
The scientific bases of Scott Base ( New Zealand ) and McMurdo Station ( USA ) currently form the only permanently occupied human habitations in the area -- unless one includes the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station located just inside the very southern corner of the territory .
'' Streets of Gold '' - Rita , Dodger , and Chorus
This engine dominated the category until 1971 , and was also used in sports car racing in 1.8 litre form as the FVC .
The Boeing 727 design was a compromise between United Airlines , American Airlines , and Eastern Air Lines requirements for a jet airliner to serve smaller cities with shorter runways and fewer passengers .
When heated in air , arsenic oxidizes to arsenic trioxide ; the fumes from this reaction have an odour resembling garlic .
Wunderlich was soon noted as a brilliant young tenor , especially in Mozartian roles , but he later expanded his reach to the full range of the lyric tenor repertoire . It was the fashion during Wunderlich 's career for German theaters to perform operas in the local rather than original language .
Cabal Online is a free-to-play , 3D massively-multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) , developed by South Korean company ESTsoft .
A Portuguesa ( ) , , is the national anthem of Portugal .
Gladiatorial schools and other support buildings were constructed nearby within the former grounds of the Domus Aurea .
This development simplified writing and brought about a new age in literature with such classics as The Tale of Genji , The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter , The Tales of Ise and many others .
New technology gives clues to the Army 's possible future equipment - MOD Forms and variations The Corner shot 's shooting range is accurate and effective to 100 meters in 9mm , 40 , and 45-caliber pistols , and is effective to 200 meters with a 5.7mm-caliber pistol .
UCSB houses twelve national research centers , including the renowned Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics .
It was the second Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
Buzzards are medium-large raptors with robust bodies and broad wings , or , alternatively , any bird of the genus Buteo ( also commonly known as '' hawks '' in North America ) .
The term is generically used for the members of the five lemuriform families , but it is also the genus of one of the lemuriform species , the Ring-tailed Lemur ( Lemur catta ) .
Music career Ke is the son of the late Taiwanese stuntman/actor , Blackie Ke Shou Liang .
Kevin Melillo of the Milwaukee Brewers , then with the Oakland Athletics , became the fifth man to accomplish the feat ( and the first in over half a century ) when he drew a walk in his only appearance , June 24 , 2007 against the New York Mets .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many calculations are carried out simultaneously , Almasi , G.S. and A. Gottlieb ( 1989 ) .
The Albania national football team is the national football team of Albania and is controlled by the Football Association of Albania .
In the early 1970s , John Stewart , an unemployed architect , was selected by the Guardians to replace a comatose Guy Gardner as the backup Green Lantern for Jordan .
After changing the band 's name to Saratoga , they started playing Livgren 's original material with Scott Kessler playing bass and Zeke Lowe on drums .
The consistently dry , fluffy snow led Utah 's ski industry to adopt the slogan '' the Greatest Snow on Earth '' in the 1980s .
The remnant low from the storm moved into the western subtropical Atlantic and regenerated into a tropical cyclone , which then moved across Florida and the Gulf of Mexico into Louisiana and Texas , causing minimal damage .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Disney Junior will become its own digital cable and satellite channel in January 2012 , replacing SOAPnet .
The Curry Tree or Karivepallai or Kadipatta ( ) ( Murraya koenigii ; syn .
After their marriage in 1921 , Nadezhda and Osip Mandelstam lived in Ukraine , Petrograd , Moscow , and Georgia .
Three years later , a jeweler determined it was nearly solid gold , paying the family a paltry $ 3.50 . The first verified gold find in the United States set off the nation 's first gold rush .
The Street Crime Unit is now replaced by Patrol Borough based and local precinct Anti-Crime Units .
As a historical region , it includes Parthia , Media and eastern Persia , the heartlands of Greater Iran ( mainly Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan ) .
The city-state of Athens , which became a significant cultural , political and military power during this period , was its center , where it was institutionalized as part of a festival called the Dionysia , which honored the god Dionysus .
Later the motorway was extended in both directions and is now long .
Gale : 1987 ISBN : 081034419X pg 11 French novelist , playwright , poet , essayist , and political activist .
One of the most influential writers of the 20th century , his reputation is based on his novels , novellas and short stories .
FUNimation aired the series , in dubbed English , on their anime television channel as well as on Colours TV .
He has been nominated for three BAFTA ( British Academy of Film and Television Arts ) Awards , won two Academy Awards , and two Golden Globe Awards .
It lies in the Inner Main Belt interior to the Kirkwood gap at 2.50 AU .
Phelps holds the record for the most gold medals at a single Olympics , his eight at the 2008 Beijing Games surpassed American swimmer Mark Spitz 's seven-gold performance at Munich in 1972 .
Hurricane Tina was the longest-lasting Pacific hurricane at the time .
The format was based on an Order drawn up by Edward White Benson , later Archbishop of Canterbury but at that time Bishop of Truro , in Cornwall , for use on Christmas Eve ( 24 December ) 1880 .
Poaceae ( formerly known as Gramineae ) is a family in the Class Liliopsida ( the monocots ) of the flowering plants .
As aerodynamic balance became more critical , this overtaking method drastically decreased as the cars were unable to follow each other through the fast final corner due to turbulence created by the leading car .
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo ( 23 July 1886 , Corunna , Spain - 14 December 1978 , Locarno , Switzerland ) was a Spanish diplomat , writer , historian and pacifist .
Ghidici is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,800 people . It has the following constituent villages : Ghidici .
Other credits include The Rats (/O2002/O) , Carolina (/O2003/O) , R.L. Stine 's Haunted Lighthouse (/O2003/O) in which she played a flying ghost called Annabel , and Beethoven 's 5th (/O2003/O) .
It is commonly used in contrast to de jure ( which means '' concerning the law '' ) when referring to matters of law , governance , or technique ( such as standards ) that are found in the common experience as created or developed without or contrary to a regulation .
Swampy habitats like shallow wetlands , coastal lagoons and large brackish river deltas also existed at this time , and there is much to suggest that this is the kind of environment in which the tetrapods evolved .
The True Cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a Christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which Jesus was crucified .
Itzhak Perlman ( ; born August 31 , 1945 ) is an Israeli-American violin virtuoso , conductor , and master-instructor .
Lord Alfred 's father , the Marquess of Queensberry , was known for his outspoken atheism , brutish manner and creation of the modern rules of boxing .
Boohbah is a 2003 television show aimed at children between three and six years old .
Anatomy of the Auschwitz Death Camp , Indiana University Press , 1994 ; this edition 1998 , p. 563 .
Carles Puyol i Saforcada ( born 13 April 1978 in La Pobla de Segur , Lleida , Catalonia ) is a Spanish footballer who plays with FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
Walt Disney had to fight to get the film produced .
The goth subculture has associated tastes in music , aesthetics , and fashion , whether or not all individuals who share those tastes are in fact members of the goth subculture .
Louise Michel ( 1830 - 1905 ) was a French anarchist , school teacher and medical worker .
OpenOffice.org Base can hence act as a GUI frontend for SQL views , table design and query .
ATS ( Automobili Turismo e Sport ) was an Italian automotive constructor and racing team that operated between 1963 and 1965 , formed after the famous '' Palace Revolution '' at Ferrari .
The Connect Music Festival was a music festival that took place in the grounds of Inveraray Castle , located on the banks of Loch Fyne in Argyll , Scotland .
Prescott College , Prescott
At the 42nd Grammy Awards Aguilera received a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance nomination for '' Genie in a Bottle '' and despite earlier predictions , she won the award Grammy Award for Best New Artist .
The music video was made by the company Mini Vegas and was directed by Aoife McArdle .
Cristot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Today however England is governed directly by the Parliament of the United Kingdom , while other countries of the United Kingdom have devolved governments which England does not have .
He currently coaches Japanese club Sagan Tosu .
Green St. Bunker , West End , Sidney St West End , Project 81 ( now the SES building )
After four more wins , including victories over Lee Savold and Harry Matthews , Marciano faced the world heavyweight champion , 38-year-old Jersey Joe Walcott , in Philadelphia on September 23 , 1952 .
Overview Al-Ahli Football Club - Dubai won the championship .
Symptoms of inflammatory breast cancer include pain , swelling , warmth and redness throughout the breast , as well as an orange-peel texture to the skin referred to as peau d' orange .
Ligonier is a city in Perry Township , Noble County , Indiana , United States .
Bouvigny-Boyeffles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Games were also intended to show the superiority of the Aryan race ; a goal that was not met due in part to the achievements of athletes such as Jesse Owens , who won four gold medals at this Olympics and Indian hockey legend Major Dhyan Chand , who captained the British Indian field hockey team to a great victory against Germany .
Because of the ongoing strife , unemployment hovered near 23 % in the city As of 2001 .
As of mid-2010 , Republicans fill a minority of seats in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives , hold a minority of state governorships , and control a minority of state legislatures .
Only the dose makes a thing not a poison . ''
Mede is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia .
The linemen of the team currently in possession of the ball are the offensive line , while linemen on the opposing team are the defensive line .
Valdemar I of Denmark becomes king of all Denmark and restores and rebuilds the country .
Travertine is a terrestrial sedimentary rock , formed by the precipitation of carbonate minerals from solution in ground and surface waters , and\/or geothermally heated hot-springs .
They may be used to model the weather , ocean currents , water flow in a pipe and air flow around a wing .
In the Gregorian calendar , Chinese New Year falls on different dates each year , a date between January 21 and February 20 .
Dell Inc : ( , ) is a multinational information technology corporation based in Round Rock , Texas , United States , that develops , sells and supports computers and related products and services .
Compasses are usually made of metal , and consist of two parts connected by a hinge which can be adjusted .
The vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope .
He was elected without a contest as the only candidate , becoming President of Ireland on 3 December 1976 .
While he is recovering in the hospital on Christmas Eve when his family finally figure out that he has been asking Santa Claus for a little ladder like the one used to climb up to the top of a bunk bed .
Marburg is a city in Hesse , Germany , on the River Lahn .
Each peso is divided into 100 centavos , for which the cents symbol is used .
The young man is only saved from punishment by the entrance of the peasants of the Count 's estate , this entrance being a preemptive attempt by Figaro to commit the Count to a formal gesture symbolizing the promise of Susanna 's entering into the marriage unsullied .
Guest appearances included 50 Cent , Snoop Dogg , Chester Bennington , Young Jeezy , Bun B , T.I. , Trick Daddy , and Lyfe Jennings among others .
Some principles , such as Newton 's laws of motion , are still generally called '' laws '' even though they are now known to be limiting cases of newer theories .
the official residence or headquarters of a prefect .
Besides the UFC and Cage Rage , Silva has fought for a number of other MMA promotions including the Pride Fighting Championships , Shooto and Rumble on the Rock .
Limé is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Her favourite funny scene is when Harry inadvertently sets a boa constrictor free from the zoo in the horrified Dursleys ' presence .
He conducted the orchestra 's very first performances in the newly constructed Davies Symphony Hall in September 1980 , including the nationally-televised gala .
Roger Charles Louis Guillemin ( born January 11 , 1924 in Dijon , Bourgogne , France ) received the National Medal of Science in 1976 , and the Nobel prize for medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones , sharing the prize that year with Andrew Schally and Rosalyn Sussman Yalow .
Its precursor was the Deutsche Musik-Phonothek ( 1961 - 1969 ) .
Freak the Mighty is a young adult fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick .
It is also streamed online , however due to rights restrictions , coverage of some events , especially '' live '' sporting events , is not available online .
The books describe village life through the seasons of the year , but for the plays Dewhurst selected just two days : the first day of harvest for Lark Rise and the first hunt meet of the new year , a winter 's day in January , for Candleford .
As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianeira , he finds her about to be sacrificed to Hera and saves her .
Among KSpread features are multiple sheets per document , assorted formatting possibilities , support for more than 100 built-in functions , templates , chart , spell-check , hyperlinks , data sorting and scripting with Python , Ruby and JavaScript .
Transport Marske is served by Longbeck and Marske railway stations , which connect to Darlington mainline station .
Departing from Roman military traditions , Fabius adopted the Fabian strategy -- named after him -- of refusing open battle with his opponent while placing several Roman armies in Hannibal 's vicinity to limit his movement .
Espaillat is a province of the Dominican Republic . It is named for Ulises Francisco Espaillat ( 1823-1878 ) , the 19th-century author who was briefly President of the Republic in 1876 .
It was released as a download on 4 October 2009 , and on vinyl ( limited to 1,000 copies worldwide ) on 19 October 2009 .
ISBN 0-684-18276-9 Ernestine Saxony , 1485-1547 - accessed December 13 , 2005 Wettin Dynasty .
Throughout the 1990s , Pavarotti appeared in many well-attended outdoor concerts , including his televised concert in London 's Hyde Park , which drew a record attendance of 150,000 .
Donzac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler ( born May 8 , 1975 ) , better known as Enrique Iglesias , is a Spanish pop music singer-songwriter .
National Rail is a title used by the Association of Train Operating Companies ( ATOC ) as a generic term to define the passenger rail services operated in Great Britain ( before the adoption of the term National Rail , '' Great Britain Passenger Railway '' was used ) .
The Bastille was built as an irregular rectangle with eight towers , 70 meters ( 220 ft ) long , 30 meters ( 90 ft ) wide , with towers and walls 25 meters ( 80 ft ) high , surrounded by a broad moat .
However , it is not obvious at a glance to the inexperienced user ( or to a user without sight of the installation ) which way around the connector goes , thus it is often necessary to try both ways .
Its parish church , part of the united benefice of Fawkham and Hartley , is dedicated to All Saints .
Of the original eleven QMJHL teams , eight came from the QJHL , two from the MMJHL , and the Cornwall Royals , from Cornwall , Ontario , near the Quebec border , who transferred from in the Central Junior A Hockey League . The Rosemont National and Laval Saints transferred from the MMJHL .
In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes as well as traditional flavoring in coffee and tea .
The first verse talks about James Dean , Elvis Presley is the subject of the second verse , while the third verse tells the story of Marilyn Monroe .
Peterhead ( ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
In 1968 , Humphrey was the nominee of the Democratic Party in the 1968 presidential election but lost to the Republican nominee , Richard Nixon .
The population was 909 at the 2000 census .
It is transmitted via analog radio in AM on medium wave 693 and 909 kHz ( 990 kHz at Cardigan Bay ) - frequencies originally used by BBC Radio 2 from 23 November 1978 to 26 August 1990 - and digitally via DAB , digital television ( satellite , terrestrial and IPTV ) and via an internet stream .
Early in his performance he sings loud and rapid notes , then he starts to hop around in front of the female .
Philipp von Bismarck ( born 1913 ) , a German politician of the CDU party
When the Florentine Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family and later followed the history of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
James Christopher '' Jamie '' McMurray ( born June 3 , 1976 ) is a professional American race car driver .
Helmut Haller ( born 21 July 1939 in Augsburg , Germany ) is a former footballer who represented West Germany at three World Cups .
The objective of the game is to win a series of off-road races and to be the overall winner of the Festival .
Carbon-12 is of particular importance as it is used as the standard form which atomic masses of all nuclides are measured : its mass number is by definition 12 .
Of all the edible aroids , Taro as Colocasia esculenta is the most widely cultivated and native to southeast Asia Kolchaar , K. 2006 Economic Botany in the Tropics , Macmillan India .
Aberdeen was founded in 1816 on the north shore of the Ohio River , at the site where a ferry had sprung up at the terminus of Zane 's Trace .
Besides that he produced more than 1,000 oil paintings that remained unsold up to his death in 1908 .
It is the smallest member of the genus , being closer in size to the Short-beaked Echidna than other members of the genus .
Robinson also openly criticized segregated hotels and restaurants that served the Dodger organization ; a number of these establishments integrated as a result , including the five-star Chase Park Hotel in St. Louis .
He also described a mermaid that he saw in St. John 's harbor .
The final act of the Praetorians in imperial history started in 306 , when Maxentius , son of the retired emperor Maximian , was passed over as a successor : the troops took matters into their own hands and elevated him to the position of emperor in Italy on October 28 .
However , the word taupe may often be used to refer to lighter shades of taupe today , and therefore another name for this color is dark taupe .
However , even over a finite ( non-empty ) alphabet such as = { a , b } there are infinitely many words : '' a '' , '' abb '' , '' ababba '' , '' aaababbbbaab '' , ... .
German immigration was very low until the 1850s , when waves started arriving in southern Brazil .
Glow worm is the common name for various different groups of insect larvae and adult larviform females which glow through bioluminescence .
All of them may be described by the same second order partial differential equation , the wave equation , which allows us to think of light and sound as forms of waves , much like familiar waves in the water .
Trematoda is a class within the phylum Platyhelminthes that contains two groups of parasitic flatworms , commonly referred to as '' flukes '' .
He converted to Islam during a visit to West Africa in the late 1940s and took the name Abdullah Ibn Buhaina ( which led to the nickname '' Bu '' ) .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Mito HollyHock .
St. John Lateran , also called the Lateran Basilica , is the cathedral of the Bishop of Rome , the Pope .
When the block first properly aired , it was hosted by Face from Nick Jr./PERSON.
Ubuntu is a distribution based on Debian .
Digitel is in turn owned by the JG Summit Group with a minority stake held by the TeliaSonera Group .
Eiji Hanayama ( born August 21 , 1977 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
Its surface is highly reflective ( bright ) and its composition is probably a mixture of nickel-iron with magnesium - and iron-silicates .
In the 15th century , Alfonso Tostada told about the logistics of the Ark , down to arrangements for the disposal of dung and the circulation of fresh air .
John Paul Larkin ( March 13 , 1942 - December 3 , 1999 ) , better known by his stage name Scatman John , was an American jazz musician and rapper who created a fusion of scat singing and dance music , best known for his 1994 hit '' Scatman ( Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop ) '' .
The Province of Arezzo or Arretium is the easternmost province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Antisexualism is a term that describes either ,
Often tables in modern dining rooms will have a removable leaf to allow for the larger number of people present on those special occasions without taking up extra space when not in use . Although the '' typical '' family dining experience is at a wooden table or some sort of kitchen area , some choose to make their dining rooms more comfortable by using couches or comfortable chairs .
In fluid dynamics , turbulence or turbulent flow is a flow regime characterized by chaotic and stochastic property changes .
Edward Roscoe Murrow , KBE ( born Egbert Roscoe Murrow ; Edward R. Murrow April 25 , 1908 & ndash ; April 27 , 1965 ) was an American broadcast journalist .
Heating of mercury , or compounds of mercury that may decompose when heated , is always carried out with adequate ventilation in order to avoid exposure to mercury vapor . The most toxic forms of mercury are its organic compounds , such as dimethylmercury and methylmercury .
The commercial harvest is performed during a very short season , and the catch is shipped worldwide .
He is most famous as the creator of the Artemis Fowl series , but he has also achieved success with other books .
All three Wistert brothers wore number 11 for the Wolverines football team , and all three were All-Americans .
Dakar replaced Saint-Louis as the capital of French West Africa in 1902 .
A web chat is a system that allow users to communicate in real time using easily accessible web interfaces .
Though shocked by the twist as they were not divided into tribes yet , the survivors raced to the shoreline .
Michele is active in participating in charities for gay rights and animal rights , as well as in numerous other charities .
Emery , who goes by the nicknames Razor and Sugar Ray , was chosen 99th overall by the Senators in the 2001 NHL entry draft .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as , is a hybrid adventure\/console role-playing game developed by Square and published by Nintendo .
Martigny-sur-l ` Ante is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The glans ( Latin for '' acorn '' ) is a vascular structure located at the tip of the penis in men or a homologous genital structure of the clitoris in women .
The club 's home is the 22,250 capacity Headingley Stadium , which is in the suburb of Headingley , northwest Leeds , where they have played since 1890 .
Aberdeen ( ) is a city in Grays Harbor County , Washington , United States , founded by Samuel Benn in 1884 .
Blountstown is a city in Calhoun County , Florida , United States .
Doohan was considered by some to be one of the most giving and affable stars of the Star Trek franchise .
Taluka Municipal Administration Rohri Administration Rohri Taluka is administratively subdivided into 11 Union Councils .
Films The Blues Brothers In 1980 , The Blues Brothers , directed by John Landis , was released .
has had a significant impact .
It is made by mashing freshly-boiled ( peeled or unpeeled ) , or sometimes baked , potatoes with a ricer , fork or potato masher .
Paul Blomfield ( L )
It is named after Palo Verde storekeeper and postmaster A.P. Wiley who , in 1907 , deepened a shallow well dug in 1876 by a stagecoach company which frequented the nearby Bradshaw Trail .
During his military career , Powell also served as National Security Advisor ( 1987 - 1989 ) , as Commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command ( 1989 ) and as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ( 1989 - 1993 ) , holding the latter position during the Gulf War .
New England Patriots ( )
The group has an extensive fossil record , reaching back to the Cambrian , and includes living fossils such as Triops cancriformis , which has existed apparently unchanged since the Triassic period .
In 1571 he married , unhappily , Catalina de Espinosa , and was constantly in money difficulties , being imprisoned for debt at Seville at the end of 1602 .
Allele frequency is the proportion of all copies of a gene that is made up of a particular gene variant ( allele ) . In other words , it is the number of copies of a particular allele divided by the number of copies of all alleles at the genetic place ( locus ) in a population .
Manchester Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track or velodrome in Manchester , northwest England .
History The earliest microplate was created in 1951 by a Hungarian , Dr. G. Takatsky , who machined 6 rows of 12 '' wells '' in Lucite .
Beverages containing caffeine , such as coffee , tea , soft drinks , and energy drinks , enjoy great popularity ; in North America , 90 % of adults consume caffeine daily .
The Common Cuckoo ( Cuculus canorus ) ( formerly European Cuckoo ) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds , the Cuculiformes , which also includes the roadrunners , the anis and the coucals .
All Paralympic Games are governed by the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) .
During his career in WWF/E , Morley held the Intercontinental Championship twice , the European Championship once , and the World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm .
Stereophonic sound # Balance of stereophonic sound
As the Chinese New Year starts in late January to mid-February , the Chinese year dates from January 1 until that day in the new Gregorian year remain unchanged from the previous Gregorian year .
She was drinking tea under a tree when a ball of silk fell into her tea .
Gochujang has traditionally been one of the three indispensable household condiments , along with doenjang and ganjang .
Bop It XT with Images This model is similar in appearance to Bop It Extreme however it also features the new '' Shake It '' command .
It includes recorded cover songs , all of their B-side covers released up to that point , and the entire ' , which had gone out of print since its original release in 1987 .
School life School songs There is a school song with Chinese lyrics .
A set screw ( grub screw ) is generally a headless screw but can be any screw used to fix a rotating part to a shaft .
Some '' dupatta suits '' include the shalwar kameez and the kurta .
Surques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
is a Japanese football player who plays for Oita Trinita .
The House of Romanov was the second and last imperial dynasty to rule over Russia , reigning from 1613 until the February Revolution abolished the crown in 1917 .
Andromeda is the largest galaxy of the Local Group , which consists of the Andromeda Galaxy , the Milky Way Galaxy , the Triangulum Galaxy , and about 30 other smaller galaxies .
Neil ( christened Cornelius ) Mullane Finn , OBE ( born 27 May 1958 ) is a New Zealand Pop recording artist .
They are microscopic , water-dwelling , segmented animals with eight legs .
Francisco Pizarro officially arrived in Cusco on 23 March 1534 , renaming it the '' Very noble and great city of Cuzco '' .
The population in 1904 was 100,827 , compared with 90,15 l in 1891 .
The region broadly corresponds to present-day Iraq , Syria , Lebanon , Israel , Kuwait , Jordan , south-eastern Turkey and west and south-western Iran .
Later that year he was made secretary of the board , a position he served in until 1896 when the President , John O. Crosby , resigned .
The sketches themselves were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
Chula Vista ( ; , due to its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills ) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area as well as the 7th largest city in Southern California .
keywords : numismatics coin
The Niger River is a relatively '' clear '' river , carrying only a tenth as much sediment as the Nile because the Niger 's headlands are located in ancient rocks that provide little silt .
Theaters reopen in England & ndash ; Margaret Hughes debuts as the first female actor as Desdemona in Othello .
His body was returned to Bayreuth and buried in the garden of the Villa Wahnfried .
November 3 -- Hybrid ( total\/annular ) solar eclipse .
Dener Souza Pacheco ( 1983 -- March 6 , 2010 ) was a Brazilian actor and model .
Convective banding became better organized , and late on September 12 it developed into Tropical Depression Ten while located about 350 m south-southwest of Manzanillo , Colima .
Walpurga was honored in the same way that Vikings had celebrated spring and as they spread throughout Europe , the two dates became mixed together and created the Walpurgis Night celebration .
He conceived the idea of adding an unalterable and universal message on spacecraft destined to leave the solar system that could potentially be understood by any extraterrestrial intelligence that might find it .
Nattages is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Contact with experiment This branch of string theory may lead to new insights on quantum chromodynamics , a gauge theory which is the fundamental theory of the strong nuclear force .
The usage of '' Private '' dates from the 18th century , when the army of Napoleon Bonaparte first established the permanent rank of Soldat .
An almost instant achievement , the album ultimately sold over 15 million copies worldwide and became the band 's most successful recording to date .
The dragon 's nostrils are not of great use for smelling , as the animal does not have a diaphragm .
The name comes from the ancient Greek '' '' ( Arkh ) , meaning '' beginning , origin '' .
is not a circle , but rather a line .
Spectroscopic analyses of the Hubble images have shown that this crater has penetrated deep through several distinct layers of the crust , and possibly into the mantle , as indicated by spectral signatures of olivine .
Ian Holland McCall ( born 30 September 1964 , in Dumfries ) is a Scottish former footballer and is the manager of First Division side Partick Thistle .
Hun Hunahpu and Xquic beget '' Hero Twins '' Hunahpu & Xbalanque .
See also Legal issues of cannabis References The cannabis problem : A note on the problem and the history of international action , Bulletin on Narcotics , 1962 .
String theory is a developing theory in particle physics that attempts to reconcile quantum mechanics and general relativity .
Topkap Palace is among those monuments belonging to the '' Historic Areas of Istanbul '' , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 , and is described in Criterion iv as '' the best example s of ensembles of palaces ... of the Ottoman period . ''
In 1849 Nathaniel Cook registered a chess set design , and Jaques of London obtained the manufacturing rights .
Edmonds and Goldstein , p. 17 .
He won the 1938 AVRO tournament , which led to negotiations for a World Championship match against Alexander Alekhine , but the match never took place due to World War II .
Scalars are often taken to be real numbers , but one may also consider vector spaces with scalar multiplication by complex numbers , rational numbers , or even more general fields instead .
The sixteen contestants were initially separated into two tribes , named Tagi and Pagong , which represented the names of their beaches .
The next match was made at the request of Kane , who had been receiving threats from his storyline brother , The Undertaker , who he had attacked in the previous year at Survivor Series , burying The Undertaker alive in his match with McMahon himself .
There are several conflicting theories for the origin of the name parmigiana .
Colloquially , some areas within the municipality , such as the village of Durgerdam , may not be considered part of Amsterdam . Statistics Netherlands uses three other definitions of Amsterdam : metropolitan agglomeration Amsterdam ( Grootstedelijke Agglomeratie Amsterdam , not to be confused with Grootstedelijk Gebied Amsterdam , a synonym of Groot Amsterdam ) , Greater Amsterdam ( Groot Amsterdam , a COROP region ) and the urban region Amsterdam ( Stadsgewest Amsterdam ) .
Giampiero Pinzi ( born March 11 , 1981 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Udinese .
The album was released on November 20 , 2007 , though many of the tracks were leaked months in advance of the official release date .
The largest city , with 125,000 inhabitants , is Comodoro Rivadavia in the south of the province .
Middle East
The word ` Pakstan ' referred to '' the five Northern units of India , viz/O. , Punjab , North-West Frontier Province ( Afghan Province ) , Kashmir , Sind and Baluchistan '' '' .
The secondary education in Taiwan includes junior high school , senior high school , vocational high school , military school and complete high school .
Santa Cruz de Tenerife shares the status of capital of the Canaries with Las Palmas de Gran Canaria .
Roger Federer ( born 8 August 1981 ) is a Swiss professional tennis player who held the number one position for a record 237 consecutive weeks and 285 total weeks , one week behind record holder Pete Sampras .
Maturity ( 1888 -- 1896 ) 1888 and 1889 proved to be amazingly productive years for Wolf , and a turning point in his career .
The InterCity 125 train is made up of two power cars , one at each end of a fixed formation of Mark 3 carriages , and is capable of , making the train the fastest diesel-powered locomotive in regular service in the world .
Macdonald 's tenure in office spanned 18 years , making him the second longest serving Prime Minister of Canada .
Club Atlético Newell 's Old Boys is a football club from Rosario , Argentina , founded in 1903 .
It is also disrespectful to walk in front of Muslims in prayer or otherwise disturb them .
Einstein on the Beach is an opera scored and written by Philip Glass and designed and directed by theatrical producer Robert Wilson .
Brand and product promotion The availability of inexpensive flash drives has enabled them to be used for promotional and marketing purposes , particularly within technical and computer-industry circles ( e.g. technology trade shows ) .
Men mostly use wood , bone , and antlers to make items such as antler-handled scrimshawed sami knives , drums , and guksi ( burl cups ) .
Préaux-Bocage is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Monterey Cypress : Cupressus macrocarpa , GlobalTwitcher.com ed .
He took a job as a night security guard and began drinking heavily .
Morricone received the Honorary Academy Award in 2007 '' for his magnificent and multifaceted contributions to the art of film music '' .
( Refer below )
The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Order on 1 April 1979 .
Tegucigalpa is the capital city of Honduras .
Perm is served by the international airport Bolshoye Savino , 16 km south-west .
Soon thereafter , Leo began repairing radios in a small shop in his parents ' home .
Truttemer-le-Petit is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The eastern coastal belt is warm and comparatively dry ( see Dahomey Gap ) ; the southwest corner , hot and humid ; and the north , hot and dry .
Mossman was once the seat of the former Shire of Douglas but now falls under the amalgamted Cairns Region which is presently administered from both Cairns and Mossman .
Public bus service is provided by the Greater Peoria Mass Transit District , which operates 20 bus routes under the name CityLink , that serve the city , Illinois Central College and much of East Peoria , Illinois , Peoria Heights , West Peoria , and points between Peoria and Pekin , Illinois .
Often , the silkworm itself is eaten ( see Cuisine ) .
The first property implies that every rhombus is a parallelogram . A rhombus therefore has all of the properties of a parallelogram : opposite sides are parallel , adjacent angles are supplementary , and the two diagonals bisect one another .
Inheritance is the practice of passing on property , titles , debts , and obligations upon the death of an individual .
Eliot is a town in York County , Maine , United States .
Ricki Pamela Lake ( born September 21 , 1968 ) is an American actress and television host , best known for her starring role as Tracy Turnblad in the original Hairspray and for her talk show .
This symphony is one of the most popular and well-known compositions in all of European classical music , and one of the most often played symphonies .
The Chicago blues is a form of blues music that developed in Chicago , Illinois , by taking the basic acoustic guitar and harmonica-based Delta blues , making the harmonica louder with a microphone and an instrument amplifier , and adding electrically amplified guitar , amplified bass guitar , drums , piano and sometimes saxophone and trumpet .
Year 27 ( XXVII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
finance .
After hearing of Guan Yu 's death , Liu Bei became furious , and ordered his troops to begin preparing for war with Wu . A year later , Cao Cao died and his successor , Cao Pi , succeeded Emperor Xian to the throne , and declared himself Emperor of Cao Wei .
Couvrelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Since then , Kermit has been performed by Steve Whitmire .
David ( Bernini ) , sculpture by Gian Lorenzo Bernini
The Advanced Packaging Tool , or APT , is a free user interface that works with core libraries to handle the installation and removal of software on the Debian GNU/Linux computer operating system and its variants .
Milwaukee ) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Wisconsin , the 26th most populous city in the United States and 39th most populous region in the United States .
They are a type of eccentric yogi in both Hinduism and Vajrayana Buddhism .
An official website , http://m-msbareall.com.au/ , was launched , along with television advertisements .
NUTS is thus in some extent similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard , as well as the FIPS standard of the United States .
South Africa occupied the colony during World War I and administered it as a League of Nations mandate territory .
They run various implementations of IRC servers , and are administered by various groups of IRC operators , but the protocol exposed to IRC users is very similar , and all IRC networks can be accessed by the same client software , although there might be slight incompatibilities and limited functionality due to the differing server implementations .
Vouilly is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Most often vehicles are manufactured ( e.g. bicycles , cars , motorcycles , trains , ships , boats , and aircraft ) .
Reception Ilium won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 2004 , and was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel .
While at Trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams .
Edith Massey ( May 28 , 1918 -- October 24 , 1984 ) was an American actress and singer .
Nudity in the privacy of a person 's home or private grounds or facilities is not public nudity , nor is nudity at fitness facilities , swimming pools , saunas , or gymnasia , nudist or naturist clubs or resorts , since they take place on private grounds .
Hof is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
It is also the name of one of the three island groups in the country , which consists of the island of Mindanao and smaller surrounding islands .
Federer has won a male record 16 Grand Slam singles titles .
Keota is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Two ( GQ album )
Theodor '' Theo '' Waigel ( born April 22 , 1939 ) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria .
Diksmuide ( ) is a Belgian city and municipality in the Flemish province of West Flanders .
The Trojans launch a surprise attack before dawn .
Brighton was once home to a Chapel Royal , though it is now a chapel of ease to the city 's parish church , the Church of St. Peter , and one existed at Dublin Castle prior to Ireland 's adoption of a republican status .
In 1989 , Sacramento voters voted to shut down the Rancho Seco power plant .
Although now a single kingdom , certain aspects of the former independent kingdoms remained separate , in line with the terms in the Treaty of Union : Scottish and English law remained separate , as did the Presbyterian Church of Scotland and the Anglican Church of England .
It has also been the headquarters of the wine company Castellani Spa since it was founded in 1903 .
An atlas is a collection of maps .
Goldstein , Lay , Schneider , Asmar , Brief calculus and its applications , 11th ed/O. , Prentice-Hall , 2006 .
After their split , London began competing in the cruiserweight division , and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship .
He gave the young Kongu soldiers training in many martial arts .
the word is most likely from the Wiradjuri term bilaba .
The warp threads are moved up or down by the harnesses creating a space called the shed .
The Bleeding Kansas controversy over the status of slavery in the Kansas Territory included massive vote fraud perpetrated by Missouri pro-slavery Border Ruffians .
Vincent Jean Mpoy Kompany ( born 10 April 1986 in Uccle ) is a Belgian footballer , currently playing for Manchester City and the Belgium national team .
With a population of 138,241 people ( 2001 census ) and an estimated population of 162,300 in 2009 ( according to the National Statistics Office ) Telford is projected to have a population growth of over 200,000 in the next 15 years , Telford is by far the largest town in Shropshire , and one of the fastest growing towns in the United Kingdom .
The earliest known European cave paintings date to Aurignacian , some 32,000 years ago .
Conflict resolution as both a professional practice and academic field is highly sensitive to culture .
In one municipality , the passage of the hurricane destroyed 373 cardboard houses and damaged 4,790 others .
The oldest record of the city dates from the year 899 .
Alleghany County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
An elastic modulus , or modulus of elasticity , is the mathematical description of an object or substance 's tendency to be deformed elastically ( i.e. , non-permanently ) when a force is applied to it .
Campagnolles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
South Norwood is an urban town and ward in South London , England , in the London Borough of Croydon .
A direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
The UNDP Administrator is the third highest ranking official of the United Nations after the United Nations Secretary-General and Deputy Secretary-General .
Poa pratensis , also known as Smooth Meadow-grass , Common Meadow Grass , or Kentucky Bluegrass , is a perennial species of grass native to Europe , Asia , and northern Africa .
Read , Anthony , The Proudest Day -- India 's Long Ride to Independence , pp 34 -- 37 End of Company rule The simmering discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war .
Frederik Willem de Klerk ( born 18 March 1936 ) , often known as F. W. de Klerk , was the seventh and last State President of apartheid-era South Africa , serving from September 1989 to May 1994 .
Today most diodes are made of silicon , but other semiconductors such as germanium are sometimes used .
On 25 March 1825 Governor Brisbane mentioned the discoveries of Hovell and Hume in a dispatch and said that he intended to send a vessel to Western Port to have it explored .
Franz Rosenthal wrote in the History of Muslim Historiography : Modern era Modern historiography began with Ranke in the 19th century , who was very critical on the sources used in history .
In ancient Egyptian quarries , bronze wedges were used to break away blocks of stone used in construction .
During World War I cider brandy was requisitioned for use in armaments due to its alcohol content .
In 1893 , Robert Newman , manager of the Queen 's Hall , proposed holding a series of promenade concerts with Wood as conductor .
The lyrics describe Insane Clown Posse meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks , referred to as ` Chickens ' .
However , different recipes , even in the Bolognese tradition , make use of chopped pork or pork sausage , while chicken , rabbit , or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions , and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
The movie is inspired by Charles Dickens ' novel Oliver Twist , which has been adapted many other times for the screen .
While free memberships are available , revenue is predominantly raised through paid memberships which allow players to access a range of additional features , ( such as the ability to purchase virtual clothing , furniture , and in-game pets called '' puffles '' , for their penguins through the use of in-game currency ) .
On 21 December , the team confirmed that Malaysian oil supplier Petronas would join the team as title sponsor .
Railfans have jargon that can be foreign to others .
There were clashes between Indigenous Australians and white settlers during settlement .
Modern biological classification has its root in the work of Carolus Linnaeus , who grouped species according to shared physical characteristics .
He ran for President of the United States in 1992 , 1996 , 2000 , and 2008 , and was a Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in 1988 , 1992 , and 2004 .
Johannes ( '' Hans '' ) Paulus Gillhaus ( born 5 November 1963 in Helmond , Noord-Brabant ) is a former Dutch footballer , who played for PSV Eindhoven and Aberdeen primarily as a left sided forward .
There are several species within this genus , and there are other bacteria capable of forming acetic acid under various conditions ; but all of the Acetobacter are known by this characteristic ability .
This study was preparatory for the quadrivium .
the three primary macronutrients : nitrogen ( N ) , phosphorus ( P ) , and potassium ( K ) .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau was 1,289 .
The first idea suggests that the two subspecies were once of the one type , but during the Ice Age Bali became isolated from Java by the Bali Strait .
The novelist Matteo Bandello observed Leonardo at work and wrote that some days he would paint from dawn till dusk without stopping to eat , and then not paint for three or four days at a time .
At age 15 , around the time his mother died , he acquired his first acoustic guitar for $ 5 from an acquaintance of his father .
The award was presented the following year .
Mathematicians seek out patterns , Steen , L.A. ( April 29 , 1988 ) .
Air New Zealand is a member of the Star Alliance global airline alliance , having joined in 1999 .
Names with superscript letters XMP are excluded on account of marriage to a Roman Catholic ( papist ) .
Slovaks - 1.22 %
Minogue underwent surgery on 21 May 2005 at Cabrini Hospital in Malvern , and commenced chemotherapy treatment soon after .
She was the first female gymnast from outside Eastern Europe to win the Olympic all-around title .
History Founded as a seaport in 1888 by the Catalan Eloi Pino , Djibouti became the capital of French Somaliland in 1891 , replacing Tadjourah .
By later that day , the circulation began to become more involved with the remaining convection .
Amnesia may also appear as spontaneous episodes , in the case of transient global amnesia .
Another featured the Mask becoming a personal assistant to the President of the US , with the job merely handed to him ( the president was a caricature of no real president ; it should also be noted that former Mask comic writer John Arcudi wrote both example episodes , a stark departure from his usual writing ) .
He subsequently attended the California Institute of the Arts in Valencia , California .
Around the world , German has approximately 100 million native speakers and also about 80 million non-native speakers . German is the main language of about 90 million people ( 18 % ) in the EU .
While the specific geologic processes and timing that formed the Grand Canyon are the subject of debate by geologists , recent evidence suggests the Colorado River established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years ago .
The '' Plastic Ono Band '' in the album 's title refers to the conceptual band Lennon and Ono had formed in 1969 of various supporting musicians they would use on their various solo albums .
The collision smashed many occupied passenger cabins and , at the lower levels , ripped open several of Andrea Doria 's watertight compartments .
This is a category for specific aircraft which are notable for their achievements in aviation or particular historical significance .
However , no precise differentiation between shrubs and trees is possible .
Garden dormice are often found in the Alps , in the Bavarian Forest , and in the Ore Mountains .
Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot is a member of the Kipsigis tribe , whereas Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot is from the Nandi tribe .
Nilsson 's songs ` One ' and ` Cuddly Toy ' have been covered by artists including the Monkees , Three Dog Night and Aimee Mann .
Conatus is a drive every living being is thought to have to survive , go forward , and better themselves .
Willie is portrayed as being incompetent , quick to anger for little or no reason , and slow-witted .
He finished eleventh in the GP2 drivers ' championship , with a best finish of two second places .
Bias of Priene ( c. 570 BCE )
The rain washed sand piles from the dumping grounds away to the rivers again and again and made some of the rivers shallower , especially into the Sakawa , into which huge volumes of ash fell , resulting in temporary dams .
The other three egg-laying mammals are kinds of Echidnas .
The total area is 23.72 km , giving a population density of 216 inhabitants per km .
John Montagu , 4th Earl of Sandwich , PC , FRS ( 3 November 1718 -- 30 April 1792 ) was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather , Edward Montagu , 3rd Earl of Sandwich , as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729 , at the age of ten .
She married fellow poet Ted Hughes in 1956 and they lived together first in the United States and then England , having two children together : Frieda and Nicholas .
Felis margarita , a scientific name for the Sand Cat
The manner in which it is performed , or the art of its performance , is called .
King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony followed him into abdication and the erstwhile Kingdom of Saxony became the Free State of Saxony within the newly-formed Weimar Republic , thus ceasing a somewhat brief history as a kingdom .
Special education is about teaching students who have specific needs .
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
Aris have been champions of Greece three times , and have won the Greek Cup once .
ICD9 =
Avon Inflatables , a manufacturer of inflatable boats , RIBs and marine safety equipment
Doubt , a status between belief and , involves uncertainty or distrust or lack of sureness of an alleged fact , an action , a motive , or a decision .
Soundgarden was an American alternative rock band formed in Seattle , Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
The Soviet Occupation Zone ( ; , Sovetskaya zona Germanii , '' Soviet Zone of Germany '' ) was the area of central Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on , at the end of World War II .
Ararat Harness Racing Club conducts regular meetings at its racetrack in the town .
The current Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is the Honourable Dr. Ralph Gonsalves .
According to Ahmad the promised Mahdi was a symbolic reference to a spiritual leader and not a military leader in the person of Jesus Christ as is believed by many Muslims .
Homer has held over 188 different jobs in the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons .
Though recognized among the world 's most common zoonoses , leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans .
At the war 's conclusion , Poland 's borders were shifted westwards , pushing the eastern border to the Curzon Line .
The number of electorates in a State is to be ( roughly ) proportional to its share of the national population .
At right is displayed the color that is called in French rose bonbon .
The United Kingdom demanded and succeeded in continuing to occupy a portion of Cyprus in the form of military bases because of the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea in pursuit of UK interests .
Installing version 4 on a Windows 95 or Windows NT 4 machine and choosing Windows Desktop Update would result in the traditional Windows Explorer being replaced by a version more akin to a web browser interface , as well as the Windows desktop itself being web-enabled via Active Desktop .
The names '' Cabbage Butterfly '' and '' Cabbage White '' can also refer to the Large White .
In some scenes computer animation was used to paint his eyes green , because of Radcliffe 's discomfort .
A foreword by Sir Edward BridgesFirst published by Phoenix House ( London ) in 1950 with no ISBN
European Council , the body of heads of states or governments of the European Union
The constitution provides for a separation of powers and proclaims France 's '' attachment to the Rights of Man and the principles of national sovereignty as defined by the Declaration of 1789 . ''
This is a list of National Hockey League ( NHL ) statistical leaders through the end of the 2008 -- 09 NHL season .
It was released for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 on June 21 , 2005 .
Charles Watson-Wentworth before 1733 , Viscount Higham between 1733 and 1746 , Earl of Malton between 1746 and 1750 and The Earl Malton in 1750 , was a British Whig statesman , most notable for his two terms as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Flora Jane Thompson ( 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 ) was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
Because a single solar panel can only produce a limited amount of power , many installations contain several panels .
Whipped cream is cream that has been beaten by a mixer , whisk , fork , or whip until it is light and fluffy .
This article is about the astronomical body .
Congestion of the lungs supervened , and he died at 10:50 p.m. on 14 December 1861 in the Blue Room at Windsor Castle , in the presence of the Queen and five of their nine children .
King Phraataces and Queen Musa of Parthia are overthrown and killed , the crown being offered to Orodes III of Parthia -- the beginning of the interregnum .
The lake has a total area of 166 km , and a maximum depth of approximately 43 m ( 141 feet ) .
In 1967 , Professor Paul Sandorff from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology gave his students the task to devise a plan to destroy Icarus in the case that it was on a collision course with Earth .
A Formula One race takes place over an entire weekend , with two free practice sessions on Friday , a practice session and a qualifying session on Saturday , and the race on Sunday .
Wagner played Dr. Evil 's henchman Number 2 in all three films : Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery ( 1997 ) , Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me ( 1999 ) and Austin Powers in Goldmember ( 2002 ) .
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .
Reactivated in July 2003 as the WWE United States Championship .
Even though Kenosha County is in Wisconsin , it is considered a part of the U.S. Census Bureau 's Chicago Metropolitan Area .
He had one younger sister , Kashmira .
If a ciphertext number becomes larger than 25 we wrap it to a value between 0-25 .
Before the Cambrian , life was on the whole small and simple .
He is also the author of both fiction and non-fiction writings .
Its dehydrated mixture consists of wide noodles , textured soya pieces , assorted dried vegetables and flavoring powder .
It tells the story of 13-year-old Anna , who litigates her parents for medical emancipation when she is expected to donate a kidney to her sister Kate , who is dying from leukemia .
In January 2007 , the song was championed by Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles as part of an experiment to test out the new British singles chart rules that came into effect that month , which prompted the song to rise up the iTunes music charts , and reached number 17 in the singles chart on 21 January 2007 and number 11 in the download chart .
Gefreiter is the German , Swiss and Austrian equivalent for the military rank Private ( NATO Rank Code OR-2 ) .
The most successful of his foals , Lightning Belle , earned $ 60,134 ( approximately $ as of ) .
In The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , Edmund is one of the main characters , at the age of 10 years old , and the character who develops the most over the course of story .
Barricelli 's early computer-assisted experiments in symbiogenesis and evolution are considered pioneering in artificial life research .
La Rochelle is a city in southwestern France and a seaport on the Bay of Biscay , a part of the Atlantic Ocean .
Some of these copies are enlarged versions of the original work , and some are sculptures of different scales .
History The first Director General of UNESCO , ( Sir Julian Huxley ) , wishing to give UNESCO a more scientific base , sponsored a congress to establish a new environmental institution to help serve this purpose .
Hollywood movies are usually considered mainstream and blockbusters are also mainstream films .
The Hall was the scene of a tragedy on June 16 1883 when 183 children died .
It is also a good place for surf and kiteboarding practice , especially in winter .
On December 6 , 1798 , the French under Joubert occupied Turin and forced Charles Emanuel to abdicate all his territories on the Italian mainland and to withdraw to the island of Sardinia , which stayed out of the reach of the French army .
Collier County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Systematic biology ( hereafter called simply systematics ) is the field that ( a ) provides scientific names for organisms , ( b ) describes them , ( c ) preserves collections of them , ( d ) provides classifications for the organisms , keys for their identification , and data on their distributions , ( e ) investigates their evolutionary histories , and ( f ) considers their environmental adaptations .
Its population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 but , it is still one of the smallest capital cities in Africa .
Hertha Berliner Sport-Club von 1892 ( commonly Hertha Berlin or Hertha BSC ) is a German football club based in Berlin .
Outflow continued to improve , and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl gradually intensified to attain peak winds of 60 mph ( 95 km\/h ) early on July 20 while located about 120 miles ( 190 km ) east of Nags Head , North Carolina .
Viscount Dundee raised an army in the Scottish Highlands that won a convincing victory at Killiecrankie on 27 July .
The BBC commissioned Carol Ann Duffy , the Poet Laureate , to write a poem to mark the deaths of Allingham and Harry Patch , who died one week after Allingham on 25 July 2009 .
The wingspan measures 4.5 to 6.8 cm .
Top 20 albums include Gossip , Under the Sun , Comedy , Songs from the South ( 1997 compilation , his best charting album ) , ... Nothing but a Dream and Stolen Apples .
December 14 -- Charles XII of Sweden is crowned king at the age of 15 .
Early Christian Church Fathers and Medieval European scholars interpreted the Genesis creation myth allegorically rather than as a literal historical account ; organisms were described by their mythological and heraldic significance as well as by their physical form .
Jim Smith was then appointed as the club 's new manager .
Sir David Brand KCMG ( 1 August 1912 15 April 1979 ) was the 19th and longest serving Premier of Western Australia and a Member of the Legislative Assembly from 1945 to 1975 .
Haydn was led to write The Seasons by the great success of his previous oratorio The Creation (/O1798/O) , which had become very popular and was in the course of being performed all over Europe .
Elizabeth I ( 7 September 1533 24 March 1603 ) was Queen of England and Queen of Ireland from 17 November 1558 until her death .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
The 1992 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was staged in 1992 in Albertville , France .
Recitation of the Shahadah , the '' oath '' or '' testimony '' , is the most important of the Five Pillars of Islam for Muslims .
Saint-Mars-d'Outillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Nassau is the capital , largest city , and commercial center of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas .
George Michael ( born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou ; on 25 June 1963 ) is an English musician , singer-songwriter and record producer who rose to fame in the 1980s when he formed the pop duo Wham !
The Olympic Games were held at four-year intervals , and later , the Greek method of counting the years even referred to these Games , using the term Olympiad for the period between two Games .
This attack on a lady incensed Dyer , who was the commandant of the infantry brigade in Jullundur , who instructed the troops of the garrison regarding reprisals against Indians .
Lauren Bacall ( born Betty Joan Perske September 16 , 1924 ) is an American film and stage actress and model , known for her husky voice and sultry looks .
Sulfur , in its native form , is a bright yellow crystalline solid .
In 2007 , Sovacool co-edited Energy and American Society : Thirteen Myths which has been reviewed in Energy Policy and the Annals of the Association of American Geographers .
Most of the Rio Hondo is a concrete-lined channel to serve its primary flood control function , but in two places the river flows over open ground : the Peck Road Water Conservation Park , and the Whittier Narrows Recreation Area .
Condiments are sometimes added prior to serving , for example a sandwich made with ketchup or mustard . Some condiments are used during cooking to add flavor or texture to the food ; barbecue sauce , teriyaki sauce , soy sauce , marmite are examples .
The only way you can show your edit is not original research is to cite a reliable published source that contains the same material .
In the 1792 Session of the Reichstag , the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach , and had two votes ( as well as three-eights of all the Ernestine lands ) ; the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha ( as senior heir of both Duke John Philip and Duke Ernest the Pious ) , and had two votes ; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote .
Apollo 1 ended tragically when all the astronauts inside died due to fire in the command module during an experimental simulation .
The original form of the theorem , contained in a third-century AD book Sun Zi suanjing ( The Mathematical Classic by Sun Zi ) by Chinese mathematician Sun Tzu and later republished in a 1247 book by Qin Jiushao , the Shushu Jiuzhang ( Mathematical Treatise in Nine Sections ) is a statement about simultaneous congruences ( see modular arithmetic ) .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Latin and American section of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing ( ISTD ) Ballroom Branch was formed in 1947 by Monsieur Pierre as Chairman , his partner Doris Lavelle , and colleague , Doris Nichols .
The important Trang River flows through the province from its origin in the Khao Luang mountain range and the Palian River from the Banthat mountain range .
H. sapiens idaltu , from Ethiopia , is an extinct sub-species who lived about 160,000 years ago .
It tells the story of the overly protective clownfish Marlin , voiced by Albert Brooks , who along with a regal tang called Dory , voiced by Ellen DeGeneres , searches for his son Nemo , voiced by Alexander Gould .
It most commonly refers to a channel of water that lies between two land masses , but it may also refer to a navigable channel through a body of water that is otherwise not navigable , for example because it is too shallow , or because it contains an unnavigable reef or archipelago .
At the start , each player ( one controlling the white pieces , the other controlling the black pieces ) controls sixteen pieces : one king , one queen , two rooks , two knights , two bishops , and eight pawns .
The Kingdom of Romania was the Romanian state based on a form of parliamentary monarchy between 13 March 1881 and 30 December 1947 , specified by the first three Constitutions of Romania ( 1866 , 1923 , 1938 ) .
It was during this period of dominion status that the Labrador mainland and the island of Newfoundland merged into a single political entity . Since the early 1800s , Newfoundland and Quebec ( or Lower Canada ) had been in a border dispute over the Labrador region .
By controlling the voltage applied across the liquid crystal layer in each pixel , light can be allowed to pass through in varying amounts thus constituting different levels of gray .
Abu Dhabi lies on a T-shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast .
The Piccolo Coro dell ` Antoniano ( English : Little Choir of Antoniano ) is an Italian children 's choir of Bologna created by Mariele Ventre in 1963 in Antoniano Institute to sing together with little kids at the Zecchino d'Oro festival , opened only five years earlier .
Wemmel ( ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy has been awarded 54 times to 23 different players since its beginnings in 1954 .
Childhood Bell was born in Bloomington , Indiana , United States , the son of a psychologist and a therapist .
Nearly all Dutch provinces can trace their origin to a medieval state , such as a county or a duchy , as can the provinces of regions in Belgium .
Mustansiriya University is founded in Baghdad .
Today artificial dyes have mostly replaced natural sepia .
Some are much firmer-fleshed than others and some have yellow , white , green or red flesh , with equally varying skin color .
In extreme cases , your user subpage may be deleted , following a listing on Miscellany for deletion , subject to deletion policy .
Jamie Lynn Marie Spears ( born April 4 , 1991 ) is an American actress and singer .
Top Universities World University Rankings Retrieved 2010-1-6 The university is historically notable for its teaching of canon and civil law .
At first , the United States attempted to force the Seminoles onto a large reservation covering much of Central Florida , which included the land now part of present day Bartow .
Gregorian chant was organized , codified , and notated mainly in the Frankish lands of western and central Europe during the 10th to 13th centuries , with later additions and redactions , but the texts and many of the melodies have antecedents going back several centuries earlier .
According to Galen , these elements were used by Hippocrates in describing the human body with an association with the four humors : yellow bile ( fire ) , black bile ( earth ) , blood ( air ) , and phlegm ( water ) .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashima Antlers in the J. League .
A DYK hook suggestion goes through five steps from nomination , through appearing in the '' Did you know ... '' section on the Main Page , to removal from the Main Page .
In ancient times , transport by river was far easier and faster than transport by road , especially considering the cost of road construction and the difference in carrying capacity between carts and river barges .
The lower part ends in a dam which was once a waterfall but is now a steep grassy bank .
Every editor 's default signature ( defined by MediaWiki : Signature ) will display when ~ ~ ~ ~ is typed .
After the coloring process , the resulting product is diluted with water to the desired percentage of alcohol .
Vitry-sur-Seine is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Markhor are crepuscular , active in the early morning and late afternoon .
At right is displayed the color raspberry rose .
Its name refers to Orion , a hunter in Greek mythology .
He was born in Fort William , Ontario .
Following the opening moves 1 .
Self-sustaining feral populations occur in many places , mainly in North America and Europe .
Most archaeologists believe Madagascar was first inhabited sometime 500-200 AD , by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoes from Borneo and Sulawesi in the Indonesian archipelago .
The four countries that are part of the '' Big Four '' , along with the host of the contest , automatically qualify for a place in the final .
The Second Great Awakening ( 1800 1830s ) , unlike the first , focused on the unchurched and sought to instil in them a deep sense of personal salvation as experienced in revival meetings .
Not long after , in 1911 , she won an essay competition in The Ladies Companion for a 300-word essay about Jane Austen .
Notable people Kader Khan - Famous Bollywood comedian , actor and script writer Qazi Mohammad Musa - Politicians in Pakistan Jennifer Musa - wife of Qazi Mohammad Musa , she took up politics following her husband 's death .
Tropical Storm Alpha was the 23rd named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
The state capital is Stuttgart .
Many cells ingest food and other materials through a process of endocytosis , where the outer membrane invaginates and then pinches off to form a vesicle .
Other popular models of the era included Veruschka , Peggy Moffitt , and Penelope Tree .
The two classic varieties of smallpox are variola major and variola minor .
Lesdins is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Furthermore , after the war was created the Free Territory of Trieste in north-western Istria : in the years following the division of the territory between Italy and Yugoslavia , up to 40,000 Istrian Italians chose to leave the Yugoslav '' B zone '' and move to the '' A zone '' or Italy for various reasons - some were intimidated into leaving and some simply preferred not to live in Josip Broz Tito 's Yugoslavia .
is a Japanese football player who , as of 2006 was playing for Kashima Antlers .
Vauxbuin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is a milder form of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy ( X-ALD ) .
In 2002 , she launched her solo music career with the release of the commercially successful and critically acclaimed album Come Away With Me , which was certified a diamond album in 2005 , selling over 20 million copies .
Modern sheet music may come in different formats . If a piece is composed for just one instrument or voice ( such as a piece for a solo instrument or for a cappella solo voice ) , the whole work may be written or printed as one piece of sheet music .
Shunzo Ono is a former Japanese football player .
Each region is headed by an intendant ( intendente ) , appointed by the President , and an indirectly-elected body known as regional board ( consejo regional ) .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
A server log is a log file ( or several files ) automatically created and maintained by a server of activity performed by it .
Blood & Honour is a neo-Nazi music promotion network founded in 1987 and composed of white power skinheads and other white nationalists .
