Pizza Hut 's '' Sicilian Pizza '' , introduced in 1994 , is not an authentic example of the style as only garlic , basil , and oregano are mixed into the crust ; White pizza ( pizza bianca ) omits the tomato sauce , often substituting pesto or dairy products such as sour cream .
They play in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Carly Elisabeth Simon ( born June 25 , 1945 ) is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and children 's author .
Lee Soo Young ( born Lee Ji Yeon , April 12 , 1979 in Seoul ) is a Korean ballad singer .
It was released in North America on April 30 , 2000 for the Nintendo 64 video game console .
Hardy is also known for formulating the Hardy -- Weinberg principle , a basic principle of population genetics , independently from Wilhelm Weinberg in 1908 .
The team is controlled by Football Federation Australia ( FFA ) , which is currently a member of the Asian Football Confederation and alo an invitee member of the ASEAN Football Federation since 2006 .
The two entities may be of opposite sexes , or they may be hermaphroditic , as is the case with snails .
The Peace of Westphalia treaties involved the Holy Roman Emperor , Ferdinand III of the House of Habsburg , the Kingdoms of Spain , France , Sweden , the Dutch Republic , the Princes of the Holy Roman Empire , and sovereigns of the Free imperial cities and can be denoted by two major events .
Although at first sight the theorem seems ` obvious ' , it does not hold in more general number systems , including many rings of algebraic integers .
In Pride events held in the United States , NSAC Unified MMA rules were used : non-title matches consisted of three five-minute rounds and title matches consisted of five five-minute rounds , both with 60-second intermissions between rounds .
While the term may refer to anybody who drives for a living , it usually implies a driver of an elegant passenger vehicle such as a horse-drawn carriage , luxury sedan , motor coach , or especially a limousine ; those who operate buses or non-passenger vehicles are generally referred to as '' drivers '' .
The preparation of matcha starts several weeks before harvest , when the tea bushes are covered to prevent direct sunlight .
Females are bright reddish-pink or a brownish color with well-developed reniform spots .
This coincides with the rule of the Tudor dynasty in England whose first monarch was Henry VII ( 1457 - 1509 ) .
The station is located on the edge of Central London , at the junction of the A501 Euston Road and York Way , in the Kings Cross district and within the London Borough of Camden on the border of the London Borough of Islington .
Out of the twenty largest cities of Russia , eleven , including its capital Moscow , are situated in the Volga 's drainage basin .
The quenacho ( also '' kenacho '' in English ) is a greater , lower-toned version of the quena and made the same way .
The young twigs are green at first , becoming purplish where exposed to sunlight , then gray in their second year .
allmusic retrieved on 2.22.2009 The band 's major debut was in 2004 with the single '' Urei '' .
Urheimat ( a German compound of ' '' primitive , original '' and ' '' home , homeland '' ; , ) is a linguistic term denoting the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language .
Dubai has the largest population and is the second largest emirate by area , after Abu Dhabi .
While it had previously been common to have Zippos with authorized badges , unit crests and division insignia , it became popular among the American soldiers of the Vietnam War , to get their Zippos engraved with personal mottos .
Human trafficking Russia is a supply , transit , and destination country for men , women , and children being trafficked for various purposes .
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties , and most of his best-known works were produced during his final two years .
The Karate Kid is a drama film directed by John G. Avildsen and written by Robert Mark Kamen , starring Ralph Macchio , Pat Morita and Elisabeth Shue .
The Prussian government established districts in the newly acquired lands , among them the district of Delitzsch .
From the newly opened Slade Rooms , the art house cinema the Light House Media Centre and the University of Wolverhampton .
His song '' Hello It 's Me '' was featured in a '' Tums '' Commercial His song '' Hello It 's Me '' was also featured in the OST of the movie '' Virgin Suicides '' and '' Duets '' His song '' A Dream Goes on Forever '' was featured in the OST of the movie '' Virgin Suicides '' to .
According to the 2000 U.S. Census , the city population was 199,564 , making it the 87th largest city in the United States and the 11th largest in Texas .
The Sea of Japan is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , between the Asian mainland , the Japanese archipelago , and Sakhalin .
The mainland section consists of Burma , Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam and Peninsular Malaysia while the maritime section consists of Brunei , East Malaysia , East Timor , Indonesia , the Philippines , and Singapore .
Both varieties take the form of a small seedpod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
The unit for the amount of energy transferred by heat in the International System of Units SI is the joule ( J ) , though the British Thermal Unit and the calorie are still used in the United States .
As a member of Ben Hall 's gang , Gilbert is mentioned in a number of songs about Hall 's life and exploits .
Censures and sanctions sometimes follow excommunication ; these include banishment , shunning , and shaming , depending on the religion , the offense that caused excommunication , or the rules or norms of the religious community .
Edward 25 Apr. 1284 21 Sept. 1327 Succeeded his father as king of England .
Armenia During the collapse of Ottoman Empire Western Armenia remained under Turkish rule , and in 1894 -- 96 and 1915 the Ottoman Empire perpetrated systematic massacres and forced deportations of ArmeniansBritannica Online : Armenia resulting in the Armenian Genocide .
Some love spells have even been discovered '' folded around some hair , '' probably to bind the spell itself .
New York : Schocken Judaism thus begins with an ethical monotheism : the belief that God is one , and concerned with the actions of humankind .
He was sworn in at the Governor 's Picnic in FairbanksPalin to Resign as Governor of Alaska - The Caucus Blog - NYTimes.com Accessed July 3 , 2009 .
Also see the examples below .
This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from Asia exclusive of India , which was part of a separate landmass for much of the Mesozoic .
In architecture , a hypostyle hall has a flat ceiling which is supported by columns , as in the Great Hypostyle Hall at Karnak .
Salaspils ( is a town Latvia , the administrative center of Salaspils municipality .
He began conducting in 1884 and led orchestras in Zurich , Brno , Salzburg , Graz , and Prague .
These van der Waals interactions involve no fluids ; in theory , a boot made of synthetic setae would adhere as easily to the surface of the International Space Station as it would to a living room wall , although adhesion varies with humidity and is dramatically reduced under water , suggesting a contribution from capillarity .
In recent years , many comets have been discovered by instruments operated by large teams of astronomers , and in this case , comets may be named for the instrument .
This category includes baseball players for the franchise currently known as the Milwaukee Brewers .
Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria Meletius I succeeded Silvester .
Criticism and health implications Though past research showed no correlation between Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) and food dyes , Wilens TE , Biederman J , Spencer TJ .
The other two Da Ponte-Mozart collaborations were Le nozze di Figaro and Don Giovanni .
Bourbon monarchs ruled Navarre ( from 1555 ) and France ( from 1589 ) until the 1792 overthrow of the monarchy during the French Revolution .
Lentilles is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The cards were discarded for the 1978 version , replaced by flipping panels that had the dollar amount on one side and the clue on the other ; the curtain was also replaced with double slide panels .
They are less likely to eat mixed materials containing artificial fibers .
These have been translated into more than 20 languages .
They returned to Iraq when they received assurances that Saddam would pardon them .
Colin is no relation to Tom Baker , who played the Fourth Doctor in Doctor Who for seven years .
The earliest saddles were simple pads attached with a surcingle seen by 800 BC , with the saddle tree coming into use circa 200 BC , and paired stirrups by 302 AD . Saddles in the styles seen today date back to the 18th and 19th centuries .
However , since the Renaissance , necromancy ( or nigromancy ) has come to be associated more broadly with black magic and demon-summoning in general , sometimes losing its earlier , more specialized meaning .
Genus Pseudopus - Scheltopusik ( 1 species )
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last .
Geltwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The claws on the hind feet are elongated and curve backwards to enable cleaning and grooming between the spines .
Hoover Dam is a major tourist attraction ; nearly a million people tour the dam each year . Heavily traveled U.S. 93 ran along the dam 's crest until October 2010 , when the Hoover Dam Bypass opened .
In some tropical and subtropical regions it is more common to speak of the rainy ( or wet , or monsoon ) season versus the dry season , because the amount of precipitation may vary more dramatically than the average temperature .
On 23 May 1986 , the Island Line was extended to Sheung Wan Station .
Mughal subahdar Islam Khan was the first administrator of the city .
On 9 February 2010 , the Senate determined that presidential power should be transmitted to the Vice President .
Where Thames Smooth Waters Glide Both bridges were rebuilt in steel in 1963 -- 67 , the original piers now being encased in concrete .
Troubled by conflicts between career and family , Brooks officially retired from recording and performing from 2001 until 2009 .
Tinker Bell is a 2008 computer animated film based on the Disney Fairies franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios .
First Council of Nicaea ( 325 ) repudiated Arianism and adopted the original Nicene Creed , fixed Easter date ; recognized primacy of the sees of Rome , Alexandria and Antioch and granted the See of Jerusalem a position of honor .
A spokeshave is a tool originally developed for this purpose .
As a result of subterfuge on the part of Themistocles , the Persian navy sailed into the Straits of Salamis and tried to block both entrances .
Clubhouse Games , known in Europe as 42 All-Time Classics and in Japan as Daredemo Asobi Taizen , is a compilation video game consisting of card , board , and parlor games developed by Agenda and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
In the first case , a signal that is generated by means of a digital modulation method which is considered as converted to an analog signal , while it is considered as a digital signal in the second case .
Selby was born in Morgantown , West Virginia , the son of Sarah E. McIntyre Selby and Clyde Ira Selby , a carpenter . He attended West Virginia University in his hometown , earning Bachelor of Science and Master 's degrees in theater , followed by a Ph. D. from Southern Illinois University .
Praxidike
It is classified as a chordophone by the Harvard Dictionary of Music and only types of harps are in that class of instruments with plucked strings .
Hearing the old man 's heartbeat beating unusually and dangerously quick from terror , the narrator decides to strike , jumping out with a loud yell smothering the old man with his own bed .
Erick is a city in Beckham County , Oklahoma , United States .
Survivor ( TV series ) , a reality television show with several international versions
Bradford Phillip Delson ( born December 1 , 1977 ) is an American musician , best known as the lead guitarist and one of the founding members of the Grammy Award winning rock band Linkin Park .
A female can conceive throughout the year and may produce up to 12 litters in a year .
After her retirement from wrestling in 2006 , she and her new boyfriend Shane Morton formed the punk rock band The Luchagors .
The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between the independent Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
While still married to Monroe , she became romantically involved with trumpeter Joe Guy , who was also her drug dealer , and eventually became his common-law wife .
The train operator has control over the doors , and starts the train by simultaneously pressing two buttons in the cab to start the automatic process .
During the colony , Cusco was very prosperous thanks to the agriculture , cattle raising , mining as well as the trade with Spain .
Many burger chains from the United States can be found all over Mexico , including Carl 's Jr. , Sonic , as well as global chains such as McDonald 's and Burger King . Hamburgers in the UK and Ireland are very similar to their US cousins , and the High Street is dominated by the same big two chains as in the U.S. -- McDonald 's and Burger King .
Rubber is now considered an important commodity of Thailand .
Wheatcroft is a city in Webster County , Kentucky , United States .
She was the first deafblind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
Most are solitary and nocturnal with some exceptions ( e.g. the Northern Hawk Owl ) .
Nightmare Movies : A Critical History of the Horror Film 1968 -- 1988 ( 1988 ) Williams , Tony .
Someone stepping on it will start to sink .
Oliver & Company was one of the first animated Disney films to introduce new sound effects for regular use , to replace many of their original classic sounds , which would be used occasionally in later Disney movies .
Ending several weeks of speculation on 10 September 2005 Red Bull announced it would take control of Minardi in November and run it as their '' rookie team '' from 2006 .
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality .
The Bhopal disaster or Bhopal gas tragedy was an industrial disaster that took place at a Union Carbide pesticide plant in the Indian city of Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh .
The Jack Russell Terrier is a small , principally white-bodied , smooth - or rough-coated terrier that has its origins in fox hunting .
Kabul River , classically called the Cophes , is a river that rises in the Sanglakh Range in Afghanistan , separated from the watershed of the Helmand by the Unai Pass .
The set was released ahead of Li 's 22nd birthday in her commemoration .
As power consumption ( and consequently heat generation ) by computers has become a concern in recent years , parallel computing has become the dominant paradigm in computer architecture , mainly in the form of multicore processors .
Located south of the town and around the other side of the Puntilla , Playa Infiernillo ( Little Hell Beach ) is rocky and has tide-pools .
Nihongi , Vol .
Saint-Agnan-le-Malherbe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Clarke , R. '' Australianisms in ` Waltzing Matilda ' '' , Xamax Consultancy Pty Ltd , 10 December 2003 .
The town is probably best known for its association with aviation - Farnborough Airshow , Farnborough Aerodrome and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) is a federal law enforcement agency under the United States Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , responsible for identifying , investigating , and dismantling vulnerabilities regarding the nation 's border , economic , transportation , and infrastructure security .
The Battle of Midway is widely regarded as the most important naval battle of the Pacific Campaign of World War II .
It was at this property that Charles II famously hid in a tree to escape discovery by Parliamentary soldiers after the Battle of Worcester .
No encyclopedia should be the end of the line in any research , however , and we hope you 'll find our articles useful road maps for further exploration across a whole range of subjects .
The players count aloud to three , or speak the name of the game ( e.g. '' Rock !
May 28 & ndash ; The Battle of Jumonville Glen begins the French and Indian War in North America .
March 19 & ndash ; The House of Commons passes an act abolishing the House of Lords , declaring that it is '' useless and dangerous to the people of England '' .
Most gnathostomulids measure in length .
She started off from the age of 13 by singing other singers ' songs .
All of these towns are part of the Barossa local government .
Violations of election laws may be brought before the court by political institution or any involved voter ( Federal Election Scrutiny ) .
They comprise over 100,000 named species , including spiders , scorpions , harvestmen , ticks , and mites .
They are designed to be wide enough to allow substances to boil violently as opposed to a test tube which is too narrow for this task ; boiling liquid can explode out of the end of test tubes when they are heated as there is no room for the bubbles of gas to escape independently of the surrounding liquid .
In the early 1980s , he starred alongside British veteran Michael Caine in Escape to Victory ( 1981 ) , a sports drama in which he plays a prisoner of war involved in a Nazi propaganda soccer game .
He spent the following two months in Vestner Gate Tower , in the care of a jailer named Andreas Hiltel .
The Julian calendar has a regular year of 365 days divided into 12 months with a leap day added to February every four years . The Julian year is , therefore , on average 365.25 days long .
History of the Town of Hingham , Massachusetts , Thomas Tracy Bouve , 1893 Robert Peck then elected to return to Hingham , Norfolk , and resumed as rector of St Andrews Church .
In 1888 , he married Alison Pettie , daughter of John Pettie , RA , who had painted MacCunn 's portrait several times .
Monaro ( '' mon-air ' - ro '' ) is the name of a region in the south of New South Wales , Australia .
The slow rate of rotation may been accounted for by a satellite orbiting the asteroid , but a search of the NEAR images revealed none larger than 10 km in diameter out to 20 times the radius of 253 Mathilde .
Although they both have equal status , '' God Defend New Zealand '' is the anthem that is in common use and is popularly referred to as '' the national anthem '' .
It is the prefecture of the Calvados department and the capital of the Basse-Normandie region .
Design management is not limited on a single design discipline and is not independent from the organizational and product situational context .
While a superscalar CPU is typically also pipelined , pipelining and superscalar architecture are considered different performance enhancement techniques .
It was the first tournament that the South African cricket team played in , following the end of the international sports boycott .
While not a class of germination , precocious germination refers to seed germination before the fruit has released seed .
They are used for dwarf planets and small Solar System bodies such as asteroids , but not comets .
Beinwil is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Leaving aside the temporary immigrants of the past ten years , there are at least eight or nine communities on the island '' .
Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania in the United States , formed in 1988 , and known for its outspoken left-wing political views .
'' Welsh diva thrives on new material written by artists half her age '' She is best known for recording the theme songs to the James Bond films Goldfinger (/O1964/O) , Diamonds Are Forever (/O1971/O) , and Moonraker (/O1979/O) , and is a UNESCO Artist for Peace .
Wonderwall is the title of a 1968 film by then first-time director Joe Massot that starred Jack MacGowran , Jane Birkin , Richard Wattis , Irene Handl , and Iain Quarrier , and featured cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool ( who were also set designers for the film ) .
Odo , Count of Paris becomes King of the Western Franks .
One of her earliest recordings was in 1972 on an anthology called Stagfolk Livestagfolk Live .
The Airedale Terrier was recognized by United Kennel Club in 1914 .
These original officers were known as Bridgemen , nine of whom were later promoted to the rank of Bridgemaster , or Sergeant .
Gwyneth Kate Paltrow ( ; born September 27 , 1972 ) is an American actress .
Additionally , there are numerous user produced third-party websites providing additional forums and resources to the IMVU community .
New World Deer ( Capriolinae ) .
Ryo Okatani ( born 13 January 1981 ) is a former Japanese football player .
As of the end of the 2008 -- 09 season , this is the last time that a Canadian team has won the Stanley Cup .
One of the stranger impacts of the show occurred on January 31 , 2006 , when The West Wing was said to have played a hand in defeating a proposal backed by Tony Blair 's government in the British House of Commons , during the so called '' West Wing Plot '' .
Crescent City is a city in Putnam County , Florida , United States .
Ponta Grossa is also home town of the '' Parque Estadual da Vila Velha '' ( State Park of Old Town ) , a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years .
A Financial Times article published on 31 May 1983 found that '' Bahrain is a polyglot state , both religiously and racially .
That enemy pawn , which would have been able to capture the moving pawn had it advanced only one square , is entitled to capture the moving pawn '' in passing '' as if it had advanced only one square .
In December 2006 , Lewinsky graduated with a master 's degree in social psychology from the London School of Economics where she had been studying since September 2005 .
Between 1864 and 1891 , Voigt was sentenced to prison for a total of 25 years for thefts and forgery .
Colin Davis attended Christ 's Hospital in Sussex before studying clarinet in London In 1949 , Davis married the soprano April Cantelo .
Rudolf ` Rudi ' Kargus ( born 15 August 1952 in Worms , West Germany ) is a former German football player .
He and his spouse Izanami bore many islands , deities and forefathers of Japan .
The largest union in the AFL-CIO is the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) , with more than a million members , since 2005 when several large unions split away from AFL-CIO .
Earlier theories ( e.g. , by Alfred Wegener and Alexander du Toit ) of continental drift were that continents '' plowed '' through the sea .
The bass guitar is similar in appearance and construction to an electric guitar , but with a longer neck and scale length , and four , five , or six strings .
The Zakarpattia Oblast mostly consists of mountains and small hills covered with deciduous and coniferous forests , as well as alpine meadows .
Scott Ramon Seguro Mescudi ( born January 30 , 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Kid Cudi ( , ) , sometimes stylized as KiD CuDi , is an American rapper , singer and actor .
The term refers to the account in the Gospel of John , in which Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead .
The Kori Creek is a creek ( tidal ) in the Rann of Kachchh region of the Indian state of Gujarat and the Pakistani province of Sindh .
A playmaker and striker who made his international debut at age 19 in 1958 , he played at the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile , the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England and the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico , earning a total of 33 caps and scoring 13 goals .
Like the Papilionidae , Pieridae also have their pupae held at an angle by a silk girdle , but running at the first abdominal segment unlike the thoracic girdle seen in the Papilionidae .
British Rail 's third fundamental design of carriage was designated ` Mark 3 ' ( also described as Mark III ) , and was developed primarily for the InterCity 125 High Speed Train ( HST ) .
The time between the two storms totaled out to three years and eight days ( 1103 days ) , the longest gap between hurricanes striking the United States during recorded hurricane history .
The English name of the zoo is Helsinki Zoo .
Born and raised in Fukuoka , she moved to Tokyo at fourteen to pursue a career in entertainment .
On 16 September 1824 , Charles X ascended to the throne of France .
The DVD features My Chemical Romance 's final performance as '' The Black Parade '' from the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City , Mexico on October 7 , 2007 and as '' My Chemical Romance '' from Maxwell 's in Hoboken , New Jersey , on October 24 , 2007 .
In Brazil , where it was introduced from India during Portuguese colonization , it has dispersed spontaneously in the wild in some places , as its fruits are eagerly sought by various native birds such as thrushes , tanagers and the Great Kiskadee .
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
The city is located in the middle of the wi tokrzyskie Mountains ( Holy Cross Mountains ) , at the banks of Silnica river , in northern part of the historical Polish province of Lesser Poland .
A few days later , Bella is nearly struck by a van in the school parking lot .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
If the documentation page does n't exist , the ( create ) link includes a preload page so that clicking it will pre-fill the edit form with the basic documentation page format .
Nicknamed ( Shaan ) ; dignity , -- not to be confused with Zishan ( Zi an ) which means peaceful in Arabic or Zeshan which means '' Prince '' .
Peggy Gail Fleming ( born July 27 , 1948 ) is an American figure skater .
In 1995 , he achieved a Cup Winners ' Cup victory with Real Zaragoza as well as a more recent Intercontinental Cup victory with FC Porto , on December 12 , 2004 .
Pohjola was invited to Ukraine in 1999 , 2001 and 2002 as the cultural representative of the Finnish Foreign Ministry .
Gustav Leonhardt ( born 30 May 1928 , 's - Graveland , North Holland ) is a highly acclaimed Dutch keyboard player , conductor , musicologist , teacher and editor .
When being urged to do it by those present , Rollo answered hastily '' No , by God '' , whereupon the King , turning about , called him bigot , which then passed from him to his people .
This is made up of modified muscle or nerve cells , which became specialized for producing bioelectric fields stronger than those that normal nerves or muscles produce .
The album was released as a double disc , the first disc contained songs performed live the other disc contained the new studio recorded songs .
Arnprior is a village in the the Stirling council area of Scotland .
In the mid-60s , Jan Howard was not acquiring any significant hits .
On 10 April 2010 , First Division club Ross County beat Celtic 2-0 to reach the final for the first time in their history .
Description 64 Studio Attempts to specialize in audio and video production on x86-64 workstations .
The Williams pear is thought to date from 1765 to 1770 from the yard of an Aldermaston , England , schoolmaster named Mr. Stair or Mr. Wheeler , giving rise to the now-obscure synonyms Aldermaston pear and Stairs pear .
Clive Barker ( born 5 October 1952 ) is an English author , film director and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction .
Zatyiah '' Zat '' Knight ( born 2 May 1980 in Solihull ) is an English footballer who plays for Bolton Wanderers in the Premier League .
The University of Texas at Austin and Texas A&M University are flagship universities of the state of Texas .
The music video to the song was filmed in the relatively brief period when bassist Paul '' Guigsy '' McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion ; Scott McLeod came in to replace him .
Lisa Grant , who ( unsuccessfully ) sued her employer , South West Trains , for equal pay and benefits .
It was also called The Great War and The War to End all Wars .
All demographics and other statistics : Italian statistical institute Istat .
The former capital of Mayotte was Dzaoudzi , on the small island of Petite-Terre ( or Pamanzi ) , but Mamoudzou was chosen as the capital in 1977 .
After electrification they were used as trailers , and two of them were later converted into single deck trams , numbered 50 and 51 .
As president , Rhee assumed dictatorial powers even before the Korean War broke out in 1950 .
Some feminists argue that men cause and benefit from sexism ; while others argue that all people are harmed by gender roles and therefore that feminism is for women and men .
See also Cell signalling Special senses Cellular Cognition Muscle spindle Notes References Flanagan , J.R. , Lederman , S.J. Neurobiology : Feeling bumps and holes , News and Views , Nature , 2001 Jul. 26 ; 412 ( 6845 ) :389 -91 .
It is the longest intrastate Interstate Highway in the Interstate Highway System .
Nomenclature Many military installations are known as forts , although they are not always fortified .
The disease can last initially from 10-20 days and can rebreak when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog 's immune system .
Teppei 's apartment has many unusual items such as a Thai artifact , a 30-year-old refrigerator that is no longer manufactured , and a crystal apple .
Spielberg won the Academy Award for Best Director for Schindler 's List (/O1993/O) and Saving Private Ryan (/O1998/O) .
They may draw a walk if they receive four pitches located outside the strike zone .
See also Brain teaser Bullying Social rejection Striptease Taunt References External links Stories and advice on stopping teasing .
Applied mechanical stress generates a separation of charge in certain types of crystals and ceramics molecules .
Some insects have a so-called single lens compound eye , a transitional type which is something between a superposition type of the multi-lens compound eye and the single lens eye found in animals with simple eyes .
Prentice Alvin won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1990 , was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1989 , and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1990 .
In 1916 , he graduated from the Medical Department of Kiev University and then served in the White Army alongside his brothers .
The Danube flows into the Black Sea within Romania 's territory forming the Danube Delta , the second largest and the best preserved delta in Europe , and a biosphere reserve and a biodiversity World Heritage Site .
The EP was recorded in 1987 in Seattle , Washington at Reciprocal Studios with producer Jack Endino , who also produced albums for Nirvana and Mudhoney .
Early cephalopods were likely predators near the top of the food chain .
Winchester is a city in and the county seat of Clark County , Kentucky , United States .
He attended the primary school in Binalong but later went to boarding school in Sydney returning home in the holidays .
Bronze Age An early Bronze Age culture in the area is the Kura-Araxes culture , assigned to the period of ca .
Pizza capricciosa ( '' capricious pizza '' ) : mozzarella , tomato , mushrooms , artichokes , cooked ham , olives , oil ( in Rome , prosciutto raw ham is used and half a hard-boiled egg is added ) ;
St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle is completed .
Thérouanne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Because of the significant changes made by her translators , Austen was received as a different kind of novelist on the Continent than in Britain .
This World Heritage Site is home to 20 Eastern Orthodox monasteries and forms a self-governed monastic state within the sovereignty of the Hellenic Republic .
Any organism that fell , drifted , or was washed into the lagoons from the ocean or the land became buried in soft carbonate mud .
Didier Claude Deschamps ) ( born 15 October 1968 in Bayonne ) , is a former French football player who captained France to victories in the 1998 FIFA World Cup and Euro 2000 .
Owing to the presence of the University of Wyoming , voters in Albany County and the City of Laramie support the Democratic Party in elections with much more frequency than does the state of Wyoming as a whole .
Sachseln is a municipality in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
Air masses cover many hundreds or thousands of square miles , and adopt the characteristics of the surface below them .
Location The ruins of Memphis are 20 km ( 12 miles ) south of Cairo , on the west bank of the Nile .
Gojri And Its Relationship With Rajasthani , Etc./LOCATION.
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Retrieved September 22 , 2007 Athletes Brown , Jim , former fullback for the Cleveland BrownsThe religion of Jim Brown , pro-football player , actor Mutombo , Dikembe , center for the Houston Rockets Hillary Wicai .
In 1959 , he became a member of the Rat Pack , which was led by his old friend Frank Sinatra , and included such fellow performers as Dean Martin , Joey Bishop , Peter Lawford , and Shirley MacLaine .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly ( Tripoli ) .
A seminal Delta blues figure , he remains influential today , with his music being covered by blues-rock groups such as The White Stripes.Whitestripes.com
When the film rights were sold to a major distributor , Fox Searchlight Pictures , Fox supplied additional funds for the post-credits scene .
Hollywood Pictures is one of The Walt Disney Company 's several alternate movie divisions .
In April 2008 , the World Chess Federation FIDE posted a video on its website in which its president Kirsan Ilyumzhinov played a friendly chess boxing match in Elista .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far under the ocean 's surface .
Politics He has also been actively involved in politics .
Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 25 (/O3/O) :655 -664
However , the writing style and language employed have left scholars such as Max Arthur Macauliffe certain that they were composed after his death .
Owen Robert Spencer-Thomas MBE is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades , but he has also done a wide range of philanthropric work as volunteer charity fundraiser , pioneer and campaigner for people with autism and other disabiliies .
Gaze comprises the actions of looking while talking , looking while listening , amount of gaze , and frequency of glances , patterns of fixation , pupil dilation , and blink rate .
The film 's poster was painted by Julie Bell and Boris Vallejo , and parodies the '' King of the Mountain '' design .
A chassis ( plural : '' chassis '' ) ( ) consists of an internal framework that supports a man-made object .
A neon sign in the window informs patrons , '' Sorry , we 're open . ''
The major interests of the AIEE were wire communications ( telegraph and telephony ) and light and power systems .
Ivano Bordon ( born April 13 , 1951 ) is an Italian former football ( soccer ) goalkeeper .
In 1882 , Vogel became the Director at the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam .
Originally , the name Hilo applied to a district encompassing much of the east coast of the Island of Hawaii , now divided into South Hilo District and North Hilo District .
Under the Rainbow is a 1981 comedy film starring Chevy Chase , Carrie Fisher , Eve Arden , Billy Barty , Cork Hubbert , Paul and Kim from the Screaming Eagles and Mako .
It was first published on 6 August 1996 .
The population was 11,886 at the 2000 census .
The Rescuers was Disney 's first significant success since The Jungle Book and the last until The Little Mermaid .
The parliament is a unicameral parliament and the 121 deputies are elected in universal , direct , free , equal and secret elections every four years .
Canon law ( Catholic Church )
Hottot-les-Bagues is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
November 23 & ndash ; Claude Lorrain French painter ( b. c. 1600 )
In his letter to Father Kolvenbach , Pope Benedict XVI reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
Saint-Michel-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
These steps are highly effective in reducing blood pressure , although drug therapy is still necessary for many patients with moderate or severe hypertension to bring their blood pressure down to a safe level .
In 1914 Casals married the American socialite and singer Susan Metcalfe ; they were separated in 1928 , but did not divorce until 1957 .
It attains a height of , and a spread of , with rows that seldom cover the ground .
In August 1989 , White Lion released their third album , Big Game , a musically eclectic follow-up to Pride that featured the singles '' Little Fighter '' ( which peaked at # 52 ) , '' Cry for Freedom '' ( did not chart ) , and a cover of Golden Earring 's '' Radar Love '' ( which peaked at # 59 ) .
Stevenson was the author of several books , including Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation (/O1974/O) , Children Who Remember Previous Lives (/O1987/O) , Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect (/O1997/O) , Reincarnation and Biology (/O1997/O) , and European Cases of the Reincarnation Type (/O2003/O) .
while others have laws to give recourse to those who are offended by blasphemy .
As the umbrella organization of the Olympic Movement , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) is responsible for selecting the host city , overseeing the planning of the Olympic Games , updating and approving the sports program , and negotiating sponsorship and broadcasting rights .
Saint Herman 's Orthodox Theological Seminary , Kodiak
Shortly before starting work on Doctor Who , she filmed a starring role in the horror movie Spirit Trap alongside Russian pop star Alsou , released in August 2005 to generally poor reviews .
Although Arabs captured the capital city of Tbilisi in AD 645 , Kartli-Iberia retained considerable independence under local Arab rulers .
Steven Tweed ( born 8 August 1972 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish professional football player and manager .
( April 6 , 2001 ) Endangered Pandas Not Safe in Chinese Nature Reserve , Environment News Service .
Khufu ( , in English ) , also known as Cheops ( ; , Kheops ) or , in Manetho , Suphis ( ; , Souphis ) , was a Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt 's Old Kingdom .
In English , Jagdterrier is ( - terrier ) .
Ludovic Giuly ( born 10 July 1976 ) is a French footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder .
Along with information on official chess tournaments , the rules are described in the FIDE Handbook , Laws of Chess section .
Carlisle , Rodney (/O2004/O) .
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
The American population celebrates most of the major American festivals , including Halloween , Independence Day and Thanksgiving .
Rachel Louise Carson ( May 27 , 1907 - April 14 , 1964 ) was an American marine biologist and conservationist whose writings are credited with advancing the global environmental movement .
The first Sunday school may have been opened in 1751 in St. Mary 's Church , Nottingham .
Latilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Stevens served as President pro tempore from 2003 to 2007 , and then became President pro tempore emeritus until he left the Senate in 2009 .
Earl died on 23 February 1939 .
As Mario runs to help , Bowser Jr. appears and kidnaps her .
External links Visions of Infinity : Tiling a hyperbolic floor inspires both mathematics and art Science News : Dec. 23 , 2000 ; Vol .
Eyre 's horseshoe lake was actually composed of Lake Frome , Lake Callabonna , Lake Blanche , Lake Gregory , Lake Eyre South , and Lake Torrens itself .
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance , California USA , spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street , a short distance west of Western Avenue .
If either contestant failed to complete the row , money was awarded to their opponent . Three sets of cards were played , with three , four , and five in each row .
An example of Gothic Revival architecture , the Currituck Beach Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 15 , 1973 .
Note that the current trade nomenclature for charcoal is '' lump charcoal '' and that products sold as '' charcoal briquettes '' are not actually charcoal , but are made from coal or coke .
Lyss is a municipality in the district of Aarberg in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
American Sign Language American Sign Language ( ASL ) is the native language of between 500,000 and 2 million Deaf people in America .
The Ultimate Fighter Kenny went on to compete on the first season of The Ultimate Fighter as a middleweight , losing at the finale in the first round to Diego Sanchez due to strikes .
Of total population , 80 % are Muslim , of which 73 % follow Shia Islam .
Novosibirsk , Russian SSR , Soviet Union
( disable CSS or view source to see the hidden ISO-formatted output ) .
In total , there are more than 500 students .
Kelvedon is a village and civil parish in Essex , England , near to the town of Witham .
The castle was built in the thirteenth century and expanded over the years .
However , Smoke comes out from under the bed and claims that he did the right thing .
The provincial capital is The Hague and its largest city is Rotterdam .
This proposal is currently being investigated by the Department of Conservation .
A second part , Pandectarum sive partitionum universalium libri xxi , appeared in 1548 ; only nineteen books being then concluded .
Besides these positions , Ashkenazy is conductor laureate of the Philharmonia , conductor laureate of the Icelandic Symphony Orchestra , and music director of the European Union Youth Orchestra , with which he performs regularly .
Like a test tube , a cuvette may be open to the atmosphere on top or have a cap to seal it shut .
He was Afghanistan 's de facto head of state from 1996 to late 2001 , under the official title of Head of the Supreme Council .
including Maira
He served as Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development from 1961 to 1966 , Foreign Minister of Germany and Vice Chancellor from 1969 to 1974 , acting Chancellor of Germany from 7 May to 16 May 1974 ( following the resignation of Willy Brandt after the Guillaume Affair ) , and finally as President of Germany from 1974 to 1979 .
Distinct nations within the Coast Salish peoples on Vancouver Island include the Chemainus , the Comox of the Courtenay area , the Cowichan of the Cowichan Valley , the Esquimalt , the Saanich of the Saanich Peninsula , the Songhees of the Victoria area and Snuneymuxw in the Nanaimo area .
Isabel Mary ` Mollie ' Sugden ( 21 July 1922 -- 1 July 2009 ) was an English comedy actress best known for portraying the saleswoman Mrs. Slocombe in the British sitcom Are You Being Served ?
Puerto Rico ( or ) , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ( -- literally Associated Free State of Puerto Rico ) , is an unincorporated territory of the United States , located in the northeastern Caribbean Sea , east of the Dominican Republic and west of the Virgin Islands .
It also features the voice work of Sinbad , Carla Gugino , Tisha Campbell-Martin , Adam Goldberg , Al Michaels , Tommy Lasorda , and Bob Uecker .
When the C-clef is placed on the fourth line of the staff , it is called the tenor clef .
September 1 & ndash ; Jacques Cartier , French explorer ( b. 1491 )
Walleye ( Sander vitreus , formerly Stizostedion vitreum ) is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of Canada and to the northern United States .
A leap of faith according to Kierkegaard involves circularity insofar as a leap is made by faith . In his book The Concept of Anxiety , he describes the core part of the leap of faith , the leap .
Amigny-Rouy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The forces of Sun Quan defeat Liu Bei at the Battle of Yiling .
Jamaica Center , the area around Jamaica Avenue and 165th Street , is a major commercial center , as well as the home of the Central Library of the Queens Borough Public Library .
Silver Spring is an unincorporated area in Montgomery County , Maryland , United States . After Baltimore and Columbia , the CDP of Silver Spring is the third most populous place in Maryland .
The Korean Wikipedia ( ) is the Korean language edition of the Wikipedia .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
March 12 & ndash ; Tirso de Molina , Spanish writer ( b. 1571 )
When Langston University of Oklahoma was admitted into the conference two years later , it began the migration of state-supported institutions into the SWAC .
It is the primary spoken language in Tulu Nadu , a region which comprises the districts of Udupi and Dakshina Kannada in the west of the state of Karnataka and Kasaragod taluk of Kerala .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
In 1997 , Rice-Oxley convinced Scott and Hughes to let Chaplin join the band .
From Dr. James Hilton 's When Did the Asteroids Become Minor Planets ?
A property tax is a tax put on property by reason of its ownership .
Mackintosh or Macintosh , a raincoat
He is best known as the author of The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , which started life in 1978 as a BBC radio comedy before developing into a '' trilogy '' of five books that sold over 15 million copies in his lifetime , a television series , several stage plays , comics , a computer game , and in 2005 a feature film .
Kazakhstan -- Pakistan relations refer to the bilateral relations between the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
In it , Budai is said to travel giving candy to poor children , only asking a penny from Zen monks or lay practitioners he meets .
It is the most important river of central Italy after the Tiber .
The associated , linguistic forms are the verb reconnoitre in British spelling , and reconnoiter in American spelling ; informally , recce and recon are used as a verb .
Machine translation , sometimes referred to by the abbreviation MT , is a sub-field of computational linguistics that investigates the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another .
Membership As of 2008 , there are over 28 million registered Scouts and 10 million registered Guides around the world , from 216 countries and territories .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
From 1988 to 1995 , he was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , and since 1995 has held the title of principal guest conductor with the LSO .
She is also the first Italian-American and first Californian to serve as Speaker .
This was followed six years later by a visit from Aston Villa , a game which was so popular that a temporary stand was erected in order to accommodate a crowd of around 5,000 .
The dry season lasts from about April until November and is characterized by very dry southeast to east winds , generated by migratory winter high pressure systems to the south .
In the United States , alprazolam is a prescription drug and is assigned to Schedule IV of the Controlled Substances Act by the Drug Enforcement Administration .
And after growth , cell division allows for continual construction and repair of the organism .
A faint outward extension to the Le Verrier Ring has been named Lassell ; it is bounded at its outer edge by the Arago Ring at 57000 km .
Niihau or Niihau ( in English and in Hawaiian ) is the smallest of the inhabited Hawaiian Islands in the U.S. state of Hawaii , having an area of .
Published by the University of California Press in 1961 .
Reasons for deletion include , but are not limited to , the following ( subject to the condition that improvement or deletion of an offending section , if practical , is preferable to deletion of an entire page ) :
On Michelle 's MySpace page she says that her favorite musicians are Stevie Nicks , Peaches , and Eminem , but she does n't like Keane and James Blunt .
They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration , urine , semen , feces , and other discharges ; shape the body ; and provide support for parts of it .
For the guitar manufacturer see Carvin Corporation . For the late New Orleans political consultant see Jim Carvin .
Canteleux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Habitat It occurs in cool , deep soiled , mostly mountainous areas to 1000 m altitude with high rainfall of over 1200 mm per year .
Genesis 's original line-up consisted of Peter Gabriel ( vocals ) , Anthony Phillips ( guitar ) , Tony Banks ( keyboards ) , Mike Rutherford ( bass & guitar ) and Chris Stewart ( drums ) .
Car ton bras sait porter l'épée , Il sait porter la croix !
An intensive care unit ( ICU ) , critical care unit ( CCU ) , intensive therapy unit or intensive treatment unit ( ITU ) is a specialized department used in many countries ' hospitals that provides intensive care medicine .
Such benedictions have been regularly practiced both in the Christian East and West . At the time of the Reformation , Protestants abandoned many of the benedictions of the Roman Catholic Church , including the Apostolic Benediction made by the Pope and his delegates , the '' last blessing '' of the dying , and virtually all benedictions of inanimate objects .
He authored more than 100 scientific articles and a number of books , including LSD : My Problem Child .
A laurel branch symbolises victory of the Republic .
Eleanor , however , was born in Connecticut in 1889 , while Wilson was teaching at Wesleyan University .
Yugoslavia ( Croatian , Serbian , Slovene : Jugoslavija ; Macedonian , Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a term that describes three political entities that existed successively on the western part of Balkan Peninsula in Europe , during most of the 20th century .
In popular music The Hammond-style organs used in more popular genres such as Jazz , Gospel and Pop music .
Sometimes , these sets used to operate 8-12 car long expresses to Nottingham Victoria in the final years of the GCML .
Nuclear power is controversial and there is an ongoing debate about the use of nuclear energy .
Westminster Cathedral in London is the mother church of the Catholic community in England and Wales and the Metropolitan Church and Cathedral of the Archbishop of Westminster .
Ehrendingen is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
American geographer , see Gilbert F. White .
This ruling paved the way for integration and the civil rights movement .
Soon afterwards , it was shown on MTV , one of the first non-music television shows on the fledgling channel .
In his return promotional interview , Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a chokeslam .
The 10th century is the time from 901 to 1000 .
Jacob '' Jake '' John Humphrey ( born in Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , United Kingdom ) is an English television presenter , currently best known for his work with BBC Sport , being the youngest ever presenter to host Football Focus , Match of the Day and Final Score .
However , the modern science of genetics , which seeks to understand the process of inheritance , only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-nineteenth century .
Besides he was a collaborator of the Venezuelan newspaper El Universal from 1945 to 1947 , as well as he collaborated with other Venezuelan newspapers and magazines .
Montchamp is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Tapp was dismissed from the police force and is now stalking Lawrence , convinced that he is the Jigsaw Killer .
Scholastic has been criticized for inappropriately marketing to children .
The National Arts Centre Orchestra is an orchestra in Ottawa , Canada 's capital .
Gamarthe ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Hurstbourne is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Heraclitus of Ephesus on the western coast of Anatolia in modern Turkey ( 535-475 BCE ) assumed as the principle of substance primordial fire .
In 1950 he resumed his career as conductor and cellist at the Prades Festival in Conflent , organized in commemoration of the bicentenary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach ; Casals agreed to participate on condition that all proceeds were to go to a refugee hospital in nearby Perpignan .
Professor Tim Flannery ( born 28 January 1956 ) is an Australian mammalogist , palaeontologist , environmentalist and global warming activist .
Cardiologists should not be confused with cardiac surgeons , cardiothoracic and cardiovascular , who are surgeons who perform cardiac surgery via sternotomy - open operative procedures on the heart and great vessels .
When it was established , it bordered the Democratic Republic of Georgia to the north , the Ottoman Empire to the west , the Persian Empire to the south , and Azerbaijan Democratic Republic to the east .
Wind dispersal is one of the more primitive means of dispersal .
On September 14 , 2001 , in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , Graham led a prayer and remembrance service at Washington National Cathedral , which was attended by President George W. Bush and past and present leaders .
Otherwise known as Honest John , he is a sly anthropomorphic fox and known criminal who tricks Pinocchio twice in the film .
The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia and Europe , alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire , for a period of more than 400 years .
It was originally entitled Ivan Susanin .
Several other roads across the area were flooded , and on Interstate 95 near Lake Worth , a sinkhole closed two lanes of traffic .
Thirty 4-car units were built , formed of two outer driving motor vehicles , sandwiching two intermediate trailers which were classified class 186 .
A number of words and phrases are local to the Lake District and are part of the Cumbrian dialect , though many are shared by other northern dialects .
IV ( Tortoises )
The department was established on September 9 , 1965 , when Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act into law .
Because it felt awkward to have only three members in a boy band , Wu Zun joined the group later in late 2005 .
In Mongolia , the starving Charonosaurus stays close to the watering hole , but today the water is boiling .
Pope Pius IX is elected pope , beginning the longest reign in the history of the papacy ( not counting St. Peter ) .
A litter box , sometimes called a sandbox , sand box , litter tray , litter pan , catbox , or cat box , is an indoor feces and urine disposal box for cats ( as well as rabbits , snakes and other pets that naturally or through training will make use of such a repository ) that are permitted free roam of a home but who can not or do not always go outside to relieve themselves .
The cnidocyte cell provides a means for them to catch prey and defend themselves from predators .
The Comanche speak the Comanche language , a Numic language of the Uto-Aztecan family , sometimes classified as a Shoshone dialect .
Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
In 2009 , IFFHS named him as the third best goalkeeper in the world , behind only the Spaniard Iker Casillas and the Italian Gianluigi Buffon .
Alvar Aalto died on May 11 , 1976 , in Helsinki .
San Marco , Florence , 1436 -- 1445 In 1436 Fra Angelico was one of a number of the monks from Fiesole who moved to the newly-built convent of San Marco in Florence .
October 27 & ndash ; Inquisition burns Michael Servetus as a heretic in Geneva .
The Seasons is written for a fairly large late-Classical orchestra , a chorus singing mostly in four parts , and three vocal soloists , representing archetypal country folk : Simon ( bass ) , Lucas ( tenor ) , and Hanne ( soprano ) .
It was 1926 before the orchestra was resurrected , with its members rehearsing for no fee , and each contributing money to make a new season the following year possible .
Toki Pona is a constructed language first published online in mid-2001 .
He usually wears a sailor shirt , cap , and a red bow tie , but no trousers ( except when he goes swimming ) .
Devised by John Hulley and Charles Melly , in cooperation with Dr Brookes , these games were elitist in nature since only Gentlemen could compete .
It had large , broad plates and four tail spikes .
Under the leadership of Colonial Fleet officer Commander William '' Bill '' Adama ( Olmos ) and President Laura Roslin ( McDonnell ) , the Galactica and its crew take up the task of leading the small fugitive fleet of survivors into space in search of a fabled refuge known as Earth .
David '' Honeyboy '' Edwards ( born June 28 , 1915 ) is a Delta blues guitarist and singer from the American South .
Crécy - au-Mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Haisnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Common names for alcohols usually takes name of the corresponding alkyl group and add the word '' alcohol '' , e.g. methyl alcohol , ethyl alcohol or tert-butyl alcohol .
The most famous resident of San Nicolas Island was the '' Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island '' , christened Juana Maria ; her birth name was never known to anyone on the mainland .
The etymology is uncertain , but the word seems to have origin from the conjunction of the two Latin words conserere ( meaning to tie , to join , to weave ) and certamen ( competition , fight ) : the idea is that the two parts in a concert , the soloist and the orchestra , alternate episodes of opposition and cooperation in the creation of the music flow .
Endymion is the third science fiction novel by Dan Simmons in his Hyperion Cantos fictional universe .
She is a former world No. 1 in women 's doubles , and was considered to be one of the best doubles player in the WTA Tour .
A common Japanese proverb refers to a preference for practical things rather than aesthetics .
The Kansas City Wizards are an American , professional soccer club based in Kansas City , that participates in Major League Soccer .
Along the way Marge and Artie pass by Homer .
Greeley is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
Lerm-et-Musset is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Real Jane Austen (/O2002/O) ( TV )
The Super NES came out with a video game based on Bobby 's World , which was developed by RSP and published by Hi Tech Entertainment .
In the past , it was also followed in parts of Europe under Islamic rule , particularly Islamic Spain and the Emirate of Sicily .
The daughter of a Czech father and British mother , Vera Menchik was born in Moscow but , in the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution , moved with her family to England in 1921 .
k is Boltzmann 's constant
Bonnebosq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The district lies between 27.40 ' - 29.16 ' north latitudes and 60.45 ' - 70.01 ' east longitudes .
The definition of waste is a contended subject , often defined on a situational basis , so it follows that food waste is the same ; Westendorf 2000 , pp .
Although she had previously spoken in fantasies and dream sequences , Maggie 's first word spoken in the normal continuity of the series occurred in '' Lisa 's First Word '' , when she was voiced by Elizabeth Taylor . Although it was only one word ( '' Daddy '' ) , Taylor had to record the part numerous times before the producers were satisfied .
Konzum stores can also be found in Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Serbia .
A sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) , also known as sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) or venereal disease ( VD ) , is an illness that has a significant probability of transmission between humans by means of human sexual behavior , including vaginal intercourse , oral sex , and anal sex .
It tells us the universe was gathered at a small point , and then exploded ( '' bang '' ) a long time ago .
Also , the cell membrane chemistry of fungi is different from that of plants ( including organic acid excretion which aids in ion displacement ) .
Rocky Rapids has no public transit .
Anthony Rolfe Johnson , CBE ( 5 November 194021 July 2010 ) was an English operatic tenor .
On either side of the chancel are complementary paintings of the Angel Gabriel and the Virgin Mary , depicting the Annunciation .
Civil wars in both independent Mozambique and Angola promptly broke out , with incoming communist governments formed by the former rebels ( and backed by the Soviet Union , Cuba , and other communist countries ) fighting against insurgent groups supported by nations like Zaire , South Africa , and the United States .
Many modern moorings still rely on a large rock as the primary element of their design .
It is about 7 km ( 5 miles ) south of Heidelberg and the third largest town of the Rhein-Neckar district after Weinheim and Sinsheim .
He signed for Omiya Ardija at the start of the 2006 season and quickly became their star player .
Database entry includes justification for why this species is listed as critically endangeredThat area is called Two People 's Bay Nature Reserve .
He made his debut at Bayreuth in 1981 , conducting there regularly until 1999 .
The barracks began to be expanded and was used as the 28th Infantry Division headquarters .
In order to swim , the nautilus draws water into and out of the living chamber with its hyponome , which uses jet propulsion .
Some crafts have been practised for centuries , while others are modern inventions , or popularisations of crafts which were originally practised in a very small geographic area .
Dwight Eversley Yorke ( born 3 November 1971 in Canaan , Tobago ) is a Trinidad and Tobago former football player .
He is also a Wikipedia administrator and the founder of the English Wikipedia community newsletter , The Wikipedia Signpost .
In 1993 , the publishing company Hubert Burda Media introduced the weekly magazine FOCUS which was designed to be an alternative to the Spiegel , featuring a flashier layout and a political slant that was more right-wing than the Spiegels .
Gurdon is a city in Clark County , Arkansas , United States .
The noble army of Martyrs : praise thee .
Her subsequent studio albums , Feels like Home , released in 2004 , Not Too Late , released in 2007 and her 2009 release The Fall , all gained Platinum status after selling over a million copies and were generally well received by critics .
There were hundreds of thousands of casualties with estimates of up to one million dead .
Manchester code is widely used ( e.g. in Ethernet ; see also RFID ) .
Winners are decided online by the general public .
At this time all high schools in Lowestoft will become 11-16 schools with post-16 provision at Lowestoft College or Lowestoft Sixth Form College in Pakefield .
The Circuit de Catalunya was built in 1991 and began hosting the Spanish Grand Prix that same year .
Collins was recognized as a Literary Lion of the New York Public Library ( 1992 ) and selected as the New York State Poet for 2004-2006 .
This way , the advance of the Soviet Red Army was slowed down when they arrived in Demmin on 30 April 1945 .
However , the lowlands did not have enough open grasslands to support a large horsebound force . Thus the nomads who conquered states in China , India , and the Middle East were soon forced to adapt to the local societies .
Her many pugs , which she bred herself , included Olga , Pedro , Minka , Fatima and Venus .
In some jurisdictions , there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association .
Redgrave 's daughters , Natasha Richardson ( 1963 - 2009 ) and Joely Richardson ( b. 1965 ) from her 1962 - 67 marriage to film director Tony Richardson , also built respected acting careers .
It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) and World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) championship , and is currently the secondary championship of the Raw brand .
Sherwan is a Union council of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , located 35 km west of Abbottabad .
Organic fertilizers include naturally occurring organic materials , ( e.g. manure , worm castings , compost , seaweed , guano ) , or naturally occurring mineral deposits ( e.g. saltpeter ) .
For details , see the article on measurement in quantum mechanics . Generally , quantum mechanics does not assign definite values .
It is located at the southern end of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel , the longest bridge-tunnel complex in the world .
Signals of interest can include sound , images , time-varying measurement values and sensor data , for example biological data such as electrocardiograms , control system signals , telecommunication transmission signals such as radio signals , and many others .
, a nighttime show featuring Mickey Mouse and many other Disney characters in a story filled with fireworks , lasers and water effects .
Since 1991 Ternopil has been a part of independent Ukraine , along with other cities of Western Ukraine .
Oklahoma State University - Center for Health Sciences & ndash ; Tulsa , Oklahoma
It is considered the primary Norwegian record chart , charting albums and singles from countries and continent around the world .
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
The time of the Gupta Empire is referred to by some scholars as the Golden Age of India in science , technology , engineering , art , dialectic , literature , logic , mathematics , astronomy , religion and philosophy .
She later studied at the Conservatoire de Paris .
After being hired by the Bruins , Ross , along with his wife and two sons , moved to a suburb of Boston , and became an American citizen in 1938 .
The first three Iowa Great Places ( Coon Rapids , Clinton and Sioux City ) were each awarded $ 1 million in seed money by the Iowa legislature . In September 2007 , Coon Rapids was also awarded a $ 1.7 million Vision Iowa grant .
The yak , Bos grunniens , is a long-haired bovine found throughout the Himalayan region of south Central Asia , the Tibetan Plateau and as far north as Mongolia and Russia .
Kazakhstan declared itself an independent country on December 16 , 1991 , the last Soviet republic to do so . Its communist-era leader , Nursultan Nazarbayev , became the country 's new president .
It was established under Article 106 of the Constitution of the Pakistan .
The tenth match of the night was between The Honky Tonk Man and Jake Roberts , who had Alice Cooper in his corner .
Saint-Thomas is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In July 1792 he fought a bloodless duel with the Earl of Lauderdale after the Earl impugned his honor in the House of Lords .
The 3rd Tank Division began to attack Luoyang on May 13 and took it on May 25 .
In July 2004 , Google acquired Picasa and began offering it as a free download .
People involved in , and proponents of , the movement may be described as '' antisexual '' .
'' You Lookin ' at Me Lookin ' at You '' -- 4:19
Unlike most other crocodilian species , the young receive no parental care and are at risk of being eaten by predators like mongooses , big cats such as tigers and leopards , civets , and wild dogs .
The first edition of the Der Spiegel was published in Hanover on 4 January 1947 , a Saturday .
How is it , then , that they can assert , for example , that Newton 's Third Law is universally true ?
William Penn Adair Rogers ( better known as '' Will '' Rogers ) ( November 4 , 1879 - August 15 , 1935 ) was an American cowboy , comedian , humorist , social commentator , vaudeville performer and actor and one of the best-known celebrities in the 1920s and 1930s .
The name comes from the French '' mi '' for half or mid-way and '' gros '' , which means wholesale .
At the Nuremberg Trials , Seyss-Inquart faced charges of conspiracy to commit crimes against peace ; planning , initiating and waging wars of aggression ; war crimes ; and crimes against humanity .
This was the first of the four Luna Parks that were built in Australia , of which only Melbourne and Luna Park Sydney are still operating .
The Curt Stern Award , established by the American Society of Human Genetics in 2001 , recognizes a scientist who has made major scientific achievements in human genetics during the past 10 years .
The founding of the Gordon Robertson Educational Centre , now Inuksuk High School , in the early 1970s at Iqaluit confirmed the government 's commitment to the community as an administrative center .
Parachutes has spawned the hit singles '' Shiver '' , '' Yellow '' , '' Trouble '' , and '' Do n't Panic '' .
Nuevo Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with a total population of 718,073 .
In 1936 , the BBC experimented with the world 's first televised weather maps , which was brought into practice in 1949 after World War II .
Proteins within the membrane are key to the functioning of the overall membrane .
The Florida State University - Florida A&M University College of Engineering is a joint project of the two institutions from which its name is derived .
Brunswick County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
It was first staged at Mosport Park in Bowmanville , Ontario as a sports car event before it alternated between Mosport and Circuit Mont-Tremblant , Quebec after Formula One took over the event .
Italian sources claim that up to 350,000 ethnic Italians had to leave the areas in the aftermath of the conflict .
Italian irredentism in Istria was the political movement supporting the unification to Italy , during the 19th and 20th centuries , of the peninsula of Istria .
Messenger RNA ( mRNA ) is the RNA that carries information from DNA to the ribosome , the sites of protein synthesis ( translation ) in the cell .
Some small solar system objects are believed to be fragments of Vesta caused by collisions .
In computers and electronics , the Computer configuration or options of the software or device
The team was formed in 1971 as the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association , and moved into the NHL in 1979 as the Hartford Whalers , relocating to North Carolina in 1997 .
This custom lasted for several centuries and the '' African page '' became a staple accoutrement of baroque and rococo style .
The participants in Shays ' Rebellion believed they were acting in the spirit of the Revolution and modeled their tactics after the crowd activities of the 1760s and 1770s , using '' liberty poles '' and '' liberty trees '' to symbolize their cause .
Each man 's armour weighed about 96 pounds ( 44 kg ) ; all four had helmets , and Byrne 's was said to be the most well done , with the brow reaching down to the nose piece , almost forming two eye slits .
The series narrative follows Buffy Summers ( played by Sarah Michelle Gellar ) , the latest in a line of young women known as Slayers .
It is also the name of the street running from Broadway to South Street on the East River .
Bodies of the dead were coated inside and out with resin to preserve them , then wrapped with linen bandages , embedded with religious amulets and talismans .
For other sorts of college football , see College football ( disambiguation ) .
Vaginal lubrication is provided by the Bartholin 's glands near the vaginal opening and the cervix .
prophet - definition of prophet by the Free Online Dictionary , Thesaurus and Encyclopediaprophet - Definition from the Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary The message that the prophet conveys is called a prophecy .
Massalia is an S-type asteroid .
The Athenian democracy was not only direct in the sense that decisions were made by the assembled people , but also in the sense that the people through the assembly , boule and law courts controlled the entire political process and a large proportion of citizens were involved constantly in the public business .
Later in his life he served as president of the English Folk Dance and Song Society ( EFDSS ) , which , in recognition of his early and important work in this field , named its Vaughan Williams Memorial Library after him .
Particularly noteworthy is the abbey church with frescos by Johann Michael Rottmayr and the impressive library with countless medieval manuscripts , including a famed collection of musical manuscripts and frescos by Paul Troger .
Valea Stanciului is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 6,212 people .
Hurricanes and tropical storms ( massive low-pressure systems ) spin anti-clockwise in the northern hemisphere ( by contrast , they spin clockwise in the southern hemisphere ) .
Many festivals are annual , or repeat at some other interval .
No opening or closing ceremonies were held ; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28 .
The British Rail Class 28 ( Metropolitan-Vickers Type 2 ) diesel locomotives , or ` Metrovicks ' as they were popularly known , were built as part of the British Railways 1955 Modernisation Plan .
They also recorded two live albums from these tours , Double Live Assassins and ' respectively .
However , in informal English speech a single instrument is rarely called a timpano : several are more typically referred to collectively as kettledrums , timpani , temple drums , or simply timps .
Fluid mechanics can be divided into fluid kinematics , the study of fluid motion , and fluid dynamics , the study of the effect of forces on fluid motion , which can further be divided into fluid statics , the study of fluids at rest , and fluid kinetics , the study of fluids in motion .
She released her debut single Crazy Love in 2007 .
Entertainment Weekly said , '' Nothing on Alive ... equals the mystery , humor , sonic impact , or imagination contained on any one of the tracks on Soundgarden 's Superunknown album . ''
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England .
Little is known of the early history of Kars beyond the fact that it had its own dynasty of Armenian rulers and was the capital of a region known as Vanand .
is an enhanced remake of the 1996 Nintendo 64 , platform game Super Mario 64 , produced by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
This was started , completed , and placed in distribution all within the year 1938 , and represented not only Eisenstein 's first film in nearly a decade but also his first sound film .
Consequently , mosque architects borrowed the shape of the bell tower for their minarets , which were used for essentially the same purpose -- calling the faithful to prayer .
It is bordered to the north by Burma and Laos , to the east by Laos and Cambodia , to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia , and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Burma .
The KL Dragons were renamed the Westports KL Dragons , the Thailand Tigers were renamed Chang Thailand Slammers ( originally Thailand Cobras ) , and the Philippine Patriots to AirAsia Philippine Patriots for the upcoming ABL 2nd Season .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
For instance , when an auto warranty is provided through a car dealership , it 's usually a sub-contracted warranty ( often from the retailer with the lowest offer ) , where vehicle repairs are negotiated to a lower rate , often compromising the service , labor and parts to a lower standard .
It was produced by Rudolf Ising ( who had virtually nothing to do with the entire production ) and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera , their first collaboration which would last for more than half a century , with musical supervision by Scott Bradley .
Enfield Lock railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in north east London , and is in Travelcard Zone 6 , on the Tottenham Hale branch of the Lea Valley Lines , on the West Anglian Railway .
Eros was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker probe , which orbited it , taking extensive photographs of its surface , and , on February 12 , 2001 , at the end of its mission , landed on the asteroid 's surface using its maneuvering jets .
The software will attempt to create an edit page with a version of the article in which the undesirable edit has been removed , but all later edits are retained .
Ryuji Kitamura is a Japanese football player who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga F.C. .
My friend did the same .
It was originally based on Slackware .
There are many philosophical issues concerning the existence of God .
It is currently one of five all-male Catholic high schools in the Cincinnati area .
Further analysis of oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna indicate the arid regional climates at the time of extinction were similar to arid regional climates of today , and that the megafauna were well adapted to arid climates .
Madeline is a children 's book series written by Ludwig Bemelmans , an Austrian-born American author .
Deustche Bahn .
Visitors can take the '' Tower Tour '' where the interior of the hollow spire , with its ancient wood scaffolding , can be viewed .
Farragut is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , USA .
Nonant is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Marshall continues research related to H. pylori and runs the H. pylori Research Laboratory at UWA .
The area is also home to a U.S. Coast Guard station .
Until recently the club was known as LR Ahlen for its major sponsor , but underwent a name change when the sponsor withdrew its support after the team was relegated to the Regionalliga ( III ) in 2006 .
Neighbours is a long-running Australian television soap opera first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985 .
Rocco and Jaquino enter , looking for Fidelio .
The party returned on 18 December and wisely keeping more to the west had an easier journey .
With her two older brothers ( both now bankers ) at college , Bonham Carter was left to help her mother cope .
She runs into Cotton Weary , who has Dewey 's blood all over him .
Yet , Guevara still remains a transcendent figure both in specifically political contextsBBC News 2007 .
In 1922 , Pauling graduated from Oregon State University with a degree in chemical engineering and went on to graduate school at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) in Pasadena , California , under the guidance of Roscoe G. Dickinson .
Tomoaki Seino is a Japanese football player .
Floor plans will include notes to specify finishes , construction methods , or symbols for electrical items .
Examples of these lower standards include narrower than usual platforms and undecorated ceilings at Walthamstow Central , Blackhorse Road and Tottenham Hale , adversely affecting lighting levels .
These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand that makes up the sea bed or can be resting on the surface of a rocky substrate , in this case they tend to live in colonies and their tubes become twisted around each other for support to form a large impenetrable mass/O. .
She has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
He has been voted onto nine All-Star teams by the fans , winning the 2007 All-Star MVP Award for a three-hit performance that included the event 's first-ever inside-the-park home run .
In 2003 , Hurst was awarded an Arts Foundation of New Zealand Laureate Award .
Azula ( Princess Azula ) is a fictional character and a chief antagonist from Nickelodeon 's animated television series ' .
Auxiliary means that it is a language designed as a second language for international communication .
George Michael Dolenz , Jr. ( born March 8 , 1945 ) is an American actor , musician , television director , radio personality and theater director ; he is best known as a member of the 1960s made-for-television band The Monkees .
There are many different kinds of harp in Africa . They do not have forepillars and so are either bow harps or angle harps .
The Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen received Saxe-Altenburg , and gave the district of Hildburghausen to Saxe-Meiningen .
This body of chant became known as Gregorian Chant .
Westminster Cathedral in London , is the mother church of the Roman Catholic community in England and Wales and the Metropolitan Church and Cathedral of the Archbishop of Westminster .
Tempura is commonly served with grated daikon and eaten hot immediately after frying .
Hebrew ( , ) is a Semitic language of the Afro-Asiatic language family .
s
The rate of this spatial expansion is accelerating , based on studies of Type Ia supernovae and corroborated by other data .
The AT&T Corporate Center is the 4th tallest completed skyscraper in Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , United States and the 9th tallest in the United States at a height of 1,021 ft ( 307 m ) containing 60 floors .
Her first book , Child Whispers , a collection of poems , was published in 1922 .
Its capital is the city of Pistoia .
Tetsuya Enomoto ( , born May 2 , 1983 in Kanagawa , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
In September and October 2008 Fey made a guest appearance on SNL to perform a series of parodies of Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
Avebury is a Scheduled Ancient Monument , a World Heritage Site , and a National Trust property .
Northamptonshire ( or ; archaically , the County of Northampton ; abbreviated Northants .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
It lives in the Cyclops mountains in Papua province of Indonesia near the cities of Sentani and Jayapura .
Not to be confused with the municipality of Sant ` Antonino in the same district .
It was first called Pumpkinville due to the large pumpkins that flourished in fields along the canals , then Swilling 's Mill in his honor , though later renamed to Helling Mill , Mill City , and finally , East Phoenix .
The Lake takes on a '' pink '' hue when saturated due to the presence of beta-Carotene pigment caused by the algae Dunaliella salina .
Arnold commanded the army only until May 20 , when Lord Cornwallis arrived with the southern army and took over .
Midnight Sun would be the story of Twilight told from the point of view of Edward Cullen .
They are herbs or evergreen vines , growing to heights of 20 m in trees , climbing by means of aerial roots which act as hooks over branches ; these roots will also grow into the soil to help support the plant .
Disneyland Park was opened to the public on Monday , July 18 , 1955 .
Taylor is then seen in casual clothes again outside in the rain digging , when a second Taylor rises from the hole dressed in his Slipknot mask and uniform , and the two acknowledge each other as it fades to black .
The tehsil of Hafizabad is composed of 25 Union Councils , seven of which form the city of HafizabadTehsils & Unions in the District of Hafizabad - Government of Pakistan .
Ostel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sonora ( ) is a state in northwestern Mexico with an area of , making it around the size of Syria .
Under the terms of the Treaty on European Union , enlargement of the Union is conditional upon the agreement of each existing Member State as well as approval by the European Parliament .
The Piedmont blues was named after the Piedmont plateau region , on the East Coast of the United States from about Richmond , Virginia to Atlanta , Georgia .
The title , '' Thnks fr th Mmrs '' is the words '' thanks for the memories '' after having been disemvowelled ( the song title 's removal of vowels comes as a joking nod at Fall Out Boy 's record company , who had asked them to shorten their often verbose song titles ) .
V . A tropical system was observed east of the West Indies on August 13 .
In the book the conch is used as a trumpet to call everyone together and held by whoever is speaking at meetings , symbolically representing democracy and order .
An electric dipole is a separation of positive and negative charges .
Doubs is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
In the Western world , between the late 18th century to now , the bourgeoisie is a social class characterized by their ownership of capital and their related culture .
While a freshman at Howard University , he became a brother of Alpha Phi Omega .
It is both an academic and public policy field , and can be either positive or normative as it both seeks to analyze as well as formulate the foreign policy of particular states .
The current Indycar came into being in 1997 .
In the same vein Ogle of Blabbermouth.net says that it 's a track that '' lack ( s ) the white hot fire that allows the rest of the disc to burn our asses . ''
He made his debut for the Korea Republic national team in 1995 against Japan .
Very low visibility Visibility of less than are usually reported as zero .
While he was already involved in the Gaelic Revival , de Valera 's involvement in the political revolution began on 25 November 1913 when he joined the Irish Volunteers formed to oppose the Ulster Volunteers and ensure the enactment of the Irish Parliamentary Party 's Third Home Rule Act won by its leader John Redmond .
It lies on the southern coast of Santiago island in the Sotavento Islands group .
The electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty ; however , its use is in decline .
If you believe the information you added was correct , please cite references or sources or discuss the changes on the article 's talk page before making them again .
the jurisdiction of a prefecture ;
With Schoenberg he studied counterpoint , music theory , and harmony .
The Southbridge , also known as an I/O Controller Hub ( ICH ) or a Platform Controller Hub ( PCH ) in Intel systems ( AMD , VIA , SiS and others usually use ` southbridge ' ) , is a chip that implements the '' slower '' capabilities of the motherboard in a northbridge/southbridge chipset computer architecture .
He appeared at San Francisco 's The Boarding House , among other venues .
December 21 & ndash ; Marguerite Berenger of Provence , queen of Louis IX of France ( b. c. 1221 )
Manatee Palms Youth Services has been required to cease admissions twice by the State of Florida due to widespread abuse and neglect .
In computer science , a memory address is an identifier for a memory location , at which a computer program or a hardware device can store data and later retrieve it .
Archival Outlook , March\/April 2006 .
The title is lifted from a lyric from the fifth track on the album , which is from the point of view of Jesus Christ 's brother , Craig .
At the time when Hitler joined the party there were no membership numbers or cards .
These patches grow adjacent to each other , leading to the appearance of a map or a patchwork field .
Nagios ( ) is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring software application .
Copper ( I ) oxide or cuprous oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula Cu2O . It is one of the principal oxides of copper .
The Mongolian language ( in Mongolian script : Rendered in Unicode as , ; in Mongolian Cyrillic : , ) is the best-known member of the Mongolic language family .
Armstrong eased and appeared to allow Pantani the stage victory ; Pantani resented the gesture , causing bad feelings between the two exacerbated when Armstrong referred to him as Elefantino ( Italian for ` little elephant ' ) , a reference to his prominent ears .
He played for Hamburger SV and also made 72 appearances for the West German national team .
It can grow to more than 50 m ( 165 feet ) in virgin cove forests of the Appalachian Mountains , often with no limbs until it reaches 25 -- 30 m ( 80 -- 100 feet ) in height , making it a very valuable timber tree .
WWII : On Bougainville , Japanese troops end their assault on American forces at Hill 700 .
Ve ( , ) is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the sound .
In the self-governing territories the Australian Parliament retains the full power to legislate , and can override laws made by the territorial institutions , which it has done on rare occasions .
Chamtar is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The music of the opera is precise , direct and movingly understated .
Note the following articles : Mouthpiece ( scuba ) , a component of a scuba diving or industrial breathing set .
Armand Traoré ( born 8 October 1989 in Paris ) is a French footballer of Senegalese descent who currently plays as a left back or left winger for Juventus , on loan from Arsenal .
Large granular lymphocytes include natural killer cells ( NK cells ) .
Venasque is a commune of the Vaucluse département , in France .
It is on position 185 of the largest cities in Germany and the largest city in Tecklenburger Land .
The fans , and indeed sometimes the media often refer to the stadium as New Broomfield , which is more palatable from an Airdrie perspective due to its association with the former home of Airdrieonians , Broomfield Park .
If either of the vectors being multiplied is zero or the vectors are parallel then their cross product is zero . More generally , the magnitude of the product equals the area of a parallelogram with the vectors for sides ; in particular for perpendicular vectors this is a rectangle and the magnitude of the product is the product of their lengths .
In the pharmaceutical industry , an active ingredient is that part of a formulation that yields the effect required by the customer .
Juventus has the largest fan base of any Italian club , and at 170 million also has one of the highest numbers of supporters world-wide ( the tifosi ) .
Former President Juan Antonio Samaranch has been elected Honorary President For Life .
If you want , you can copy one of the simplified sets of code and add a few fields from the '' Full '' code .
The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation , a member of the President 's Cabinet , and fourteenth in the Presidential line of succession .
Some banks charge a fee for this service , while others may pay the customer interest on the funds deposited .
Year 1683 ( MDCLXXXIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Monday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
Lodging is done in a hotel , hostel or hostal , a private home ( commercial , i.e. a bed and breakfast , a guest house , a vacation rental , or non-commercially , with members of hospitality services or in the home of friends ) , in a tent , caravan/camper ( often on a campsite ) .
Sainte-Marie-du-Bois , Mayenne is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Melaleuca leucadendra is a tree belonging to the Melaleuca genus .
Oz leaves town after realizing that he is too dangerous as a werewolf , and Willow falls in love with Tara Maclay , another witch .
English derives from Old English ( sometimes referred to as Anglo-Saxon ) , a West Germanic variety , although its current vocabulary includes words from many languages .
Ivan and Alyosha are brothers ; Ivan questions the possibility of a personal , benevolent God and Alyosha is a novice monk .
Preservation of lands within the region are managed by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy , the National Park Service , the California State Parks , and County and Municipal agencies .
In most of Andes ' towns '' vamos a ir a la quena '' ( we will go to the quena ) was a popular sentence to threaten little children , because the quena was made of bamboo , a hard material .
Besides being one of France 's most popular and enduring singers , he is also one of the best-known singers in the world .
This storm caused about $ 150 million in damage ( 2008 USD ) , and killed at least 75 people .
It is flown each year near his samadhi ( tomb-shrine ) in Meherabad , India during the week of Amartithi ( the anniversary of his death on January 31 , 1969 ) .
Wilson E.B. 1896 ; 1900 ; 1925 .
A punching bag ( US ) or punch-bag ( UK ) is a sturdy bag designed to be repeatedly punched , for use in physical exercise or stress relief in order to improve one of three areas : physical strength , aerobic fitness , or punching technique .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a successful request for adminship .
Vince was comparable to normal rain events from temperate systems , with only 1 to 2 inches ( 25 to 50 mm ) of rain falling .
In recent years , the Egyptian government 's announcement of its intentions to deepen and widen the canal have raised concerns from marine biologists , fearing that this will worsen the invasion of Red Sea species into the Mediterranean , facilitating the crossing of the canal for additional species .
Harry Potter is spoofed in the Barry Trotter series by American writer Michael Gerber , where a '' Barry Trotter '' appears as the eponymous anti-hero .
In 1870 , this changed with the publication of the first significant Austen biography , A Memoir of Jane Austen , which was written by Jane Austen 's nephew , James Edward Austen-Leigh .
This is a list of some of the forests in the United Kingdom .
The latter refers to incidents in which a larger number of people kill themselves together for the same ideological reason , often within a religious , political , military or paramilitary context .
Kosciuszko 's ragtag insurgent armies won some initial successes , but they eventually fell before the superior forces of the Russian Empire .
Oceanic crust is continuously being created at mid-ocean ridges .
The city is bordered by Hsinchu County to the north and east , Miaoli County to the south , and the Taiwan Strait to the west .
Family Heteropyxidaceae
Interstate 88 is 140.60 m long .
Owing to inexperience as well as other circumstances , her first appearances as Portia and in other parts were not well received and she received a note from the manager of Drury Lane stating that her services would not be required .
The pair socialised and jammed together , which led to a one-day session at Electric Lady Studios in January 1975 .
Winter is one of the four seasons of temperate zones .
The sound production is handled by Hide 's older brother JIN , a former guitarist of Pay money To my Pain .
He has the distinction of being undefeated in over a hundred battles , against the numerically superior forces of the Byzantine-Roman Empire , Sassanid-Persian Empire , and their allies , in addition to other Arab tribes .
It is different from an armistice , which is an agreement to stop hostilities , or a surrender , in which an army agrees to give up arms , or a ceasefire in which the parties may agree to temporarily or permanently stop fighting .
Transpiration also cools plants and enables mass flow of mineral nutrients and water from roots to shoots .
Trajan 's Dacian Wars , two campaigns of conquest ordered or led by the Emperor Trajan in 101 & ndash ; 102 AD and 105 & ndash ; 106 AD from Moesia against Dacia and Decebalus
For the numbers above X , only the directly preceding symbol may be subtracted :
Another variation states that Artemis was born one day before Apollo , on the island of Ortygia and that she helped Leto cross the sea to Delos the next day to give birth to Apollo .
They vibrate , modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation .
He is also a professional science fiction author , a lifetime member of SFWA , and in 2007 was nominated for the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer .
Wish You Were Here is the ninth studio album by English progressive rock group Pink Floyd , released in September 1975 .
The 2004 UEFA European Football Championship , better known as Euro 2004 , was the 12th European Football Championship , a quadrennial football tournament for European national teams . It was hosted in Portugal , for the first time , between 12 June and 4 July 2004 , following its selection by UEFA , in 1999 , over rival bids from Spain and Austria- Hungary .
Assuming good faith is a fundamental principle on Wikipedia .
After winning the Gold award in the Best New Act category in the 2004 Singapore Hit Awards , he went on to sweep the 2005 edition with four awards to his name , including the Best Local Male Artiste , Best Composing Artiste , Best Male Vocalist and Best Local Music Composition awards , recognizing his talents both in the composition and performance aspects of his music .
Wikipedia 's current policy is to include such content , provided it breaches neither any of our existing policies ( especially Neutral point of view ) nor the laws of the state of Florida in the United States , where Wikipedia is hosted .
Xanton-Chassenon is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Le Transloy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , it is generally considered to include the counties of Derbyshire , Gloucestershire , Herefordshire , Leicestershire , Lincolnshire , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire , Rutland , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , the West Midlands and Worcestershire .
Visas can also be single-entry which means the visa is canceled as soon as the holder leaves the country ; double-entry , or multiple-entry which permits double or multiple entries into the country with the same visa .
Survivor ( horse ) , a racehorse that won the first Preakness Stakes in 1873
Geography Location Malaga located in southern Spain , on the Costa del Sol ( Coast of the Sun ) above the Mediterranean Sea .
Retrieved on 16 August 2006 .
He finished the season in the # 84 Red Bull Toyota Camry for the Red Bull Racing Team .
Thomas Matthew '' Tom '' DeLonge , Jr. ( born December 13 , 1975 ) is an American rock musician .
Republicans had long claimed that the only legitimate Irish state was the Irish Republic declared in the Proclamation of the Republic of 1916 , which they considered to be still in existence .
The game was released in Japan and Europe in 2006 , and the US version was released in 2008 .
The Church of St. James is dedicated in Glasgow .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters , and perhaps was aided by the skill of handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
Laniscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
When Lennon introduced White to George Harrison , he was asked to perform on the All Things Must Pass album .
The first Baja Bug in racing is credited to Dave Deal , the famous Californian cartoonist , in the Mexican 1000 of 1968 .
Towns located in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
It is now officially known under its trademarked name as Simplified Technical English ( STE ) .
Graham was invited by Eisenhower to visit with him when the former president was on his deathbed .
Most cases of HCC are secondary to either a viral hepatitide infection ( hepatitis B or C ) or cirrhosis ( alcoholism being the most common cause of hepatic cirrhosis ) .
Law and government Bertie County is a member of the Mid-East Commission regional council of governments .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Breny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Chaetodipus hispidus - Hispid Pocket Mouse
Other editors are commenting on your suitability to be an administrator today , based upon the current accepted norms , not on you as a person , or even your general contributions .
.
On the night of 29 April Richard met and dined with Earl Rivers and Edward 's half-brother , Richard Grey , but the following morning Rivers and Grey , along with the king 's chamberlain , Thomas Vaughan , were arrested and sent north . They were all subsequently executed .
'' Shipman , p. 151 She won Best Actress Academy Awards for To Each His Own (/O1946/O) and The Heiress (/O1949/O) , and was also widely praised for her Academy Award -- nominated performance in The Snake Pit (/O1948/O) .
Sicily ( Italian and Sicilian : Sicilia , ) is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea , comprising an autonomous region of Italy .
Miller , p. 28 .
It has been under the rule of various empires throughout history , for the longest period being part of the Persian Empire .
Banneville-sur-Ajon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Over the years , the Peter Parker character has developed from shy , high school student to troubled but outgoing college student , to married high school teacher to , in the late 2000s , a single freelance photographer , his most typical adult role .
The site where the PLM campus at Intramuros is situated used to be occupied by the Colegio de Manila ( also known as Colegio Seminario de San Ignacio , later Universidad Maximo de San Ignacio , the first royal and pontifical university in the Philippines and in Asia ) , which was the first school in the Philippines .
Mi Fu knew the imperial family and he lived in the privileged location of the royal palaces , where he also started his career as Reviser of Books , Professor of Painting and Calligraphy in the capital , Secretary to the Board of Rites and Military Governor of Huaiyang .
This was later proven to be false .
Sodium hydroxide ( NaOH ) , also known as lye and caustic soda , is a caustic metallic base .
Henry is forced to raise the siege when the Duke of Parma comes to its rescue with a Spanish army .
He is the father of Hollywood actor and producer Michael Douglas and is # 17 on the American Film Institute 's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time .
Ui Miyazaki is a female Japanese voice actor and singer from Tokyo , Japan .
Military bridges have to be portable , so that they may be easily transported to the front lines , and so are much more complex than regular civilian bridges .
Hideaki Ozawa ( born March 17 , 1974 in Namegata , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese professional football goalkeeper .
The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous , violent demonstrations against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28 , 1969 , at the Stonewall Inn , in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of New York City .
Masao Ono ( March 2 , 1923 -- February 11 , 2001 ) was a Japanese football player .
Haim Michael Revivo ( ; born February 22 , 1972 in Ashdod ) is a retired Israeli football player , and a businessman .
When an older Game Boy or Game Boy Color game was inserted into the cartridge slot , the switch would be pressed down and the Game Boy Advance would start in Game Boy Color mode , while a Game Boy Advance cartridge would not touch the switch and the system would start in Game Boy Advance mode .
Osco is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Government of Sindh ( ) is based in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Chris Chelios is the franchise leader in penalty minutes ( 1495 ) .
Image : Angleofview 28mm f4 .
suggests that several families may form a hypothetical venom clade which encompasses a majority ( nearly 60 % ) of Squamate species .
He introduced the concept of Pareto efficiency and helped develop the field of microeconomics . He also was the first to discover that income follows a Pareto distribution , which is a power law probability distribution .
However , Morley evidently spent some time away from East Anglia , for he later referred to the great Elizabethan composer of sacred music , William Byrd , as his teacher ; while the dates he studied with Byrd are not known , they were most likely in the early 1570s .
A common empirical formula showing some of the range of substitution in zircon is ( Zr1 -- y , REEy ) ( SiO4 ) 1 -- x ( OH ) 4x -- y. Zircon forms in silicate melts with concentrated incompatible elements and accepts high field strength elements into its structure .
The production and use of fossil fuels raise environmental concerns .
On November 9 , 2010 , '' Bloody Pit of Horror '' was released .
It is both sweet and salty .
This was followed by his becoming the Organist at Gainsborough Parish Church in 1933 , and then a move to Leamington Spa to be the Organist of Holy Trinity church in 1939 .
Martha Howell and Walter Prevenier , From Reliable Sources , pp .
Roeselare ( ) is a Belgian city and municipality in the Flemish province of West Flanders .
This reference work can be just part of an archivist 's job in a smaller organization , or consist of most of their occupation in a larger archive where specific roles ( such as processing archivist and reference archivist ) may be delineated .
Quechua is a Native American language family or macrolanguage spoken primarily in the Andes of South America , derived from an original common ancestor language , Proto-Quechua .
American Fisheries Society Symposium 29 : 3 -- 24 .
Cuverville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The famous beach of Porto Katsiki is located on Lefkada 's west coast .
The equipment has the capability of starting rides very slowly and can be advanced to speeds according to a rider 's ability .
It is located on the southeastern Dildo Arm of Trinity Bay about 60 kilometres west of St. John 's .
An '' out and back '' service over a few hundred yards of track began in 2004 , and with the opening of a temporary station about a mile towards Parracombe Halt , a regular '' point to point '' service started in 2006 .
Release and reception '' Fell on Black Days '' was released as a single in 1994 in various versions with the previously unreleased B-sides '' Kyle Petty , Son of Richard '' and '' Motorcycle Loop '' .
The Dual Monarchy had existed for 51 years when it dissolved on October 31 , 1918 following military defeat in the First World War .
Cernay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
In response , Carter sent three British gunboats to avenge the outrage upon the envoy .
Werner Heisenberg formulated the uncertainty principle at Niels Bohr 's institute in Copenhagen , while working on the mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics .
Yaqob succeeds his father Sarsa Dengel as Emperor of Ethiopia .
ISBN 0-7866-5213-6 .
Environmentalism Spring green may be used to represent the green movement , especially in graphic design for environmental literature regarding issues having to do with water resources or water conservation .
In a dilute aqueous solution , potassium bromide tastes sweet , at higher concentration it tastes bitter , and when most concentrated it tastes salty to humans ( these effects are due mainly to potassium ion ; sodium bromide merely tastes salty at all concentrations ) .
She rigorously ate lean foods , drank 8 glasses of water a day , and avoided fatty foods .
Lucas is a city in Lucas County , Iowa , United States .
In the early 1970s , John Stewart , an African American unemployed architect , was selected by the Guardians to replace a comatose Guy Gardner as the backup Green Lantern for Jordan .
The Bunker itself was still furnished with communication and signals equipment .
Crewe Alexandra Football Club ( ) is an English football team based at Gresty Road in Crewe , Cheshire , and nicknamed The Railwaymen due to the town 's historical links with the rail industry .
Torvalds began the development of the Linux kernel on MINIX , and applications written for MINIX were also used on Linux .
The term comes from the Trojan Horse story in Greek mythology .
After reaching its peak of 50 mph ( 80 km\/h ) , Jerry passed just south of Barbados late on October 7 and through the Windward Islands on October 8 .
The number of pages in the book is shown in the menu on the left and is updated automatically .
Though Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji contains the compositions of both Sikh Gurus as well the other great saints ( Bhagats ) - including those of the Hindu and Muslim faith- no distinction whatsoever is made between the works of Sikh Gurus and the works of the Bhagats contained within the Siri Guru Granth Sahib ; the titles '' Guru '' and '' Bhagat '' should not be misleading .
This limestone is rich in fossils , in particular fossilised sea urchins .
Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers , who flourished at Cremona from about 1549 to 1740 .
She recently produced Across the Universe , starring Evan Rachel Wood and Jim Sturgess and directed by Julie Taymor , and The Accidental Husband , directed by Griffin Dunne and starring Uma Thurman , Colin Firth , and Jeffrey Dean Morgan .
Time and Date AS \/O/ Steffen Thorsen , 2008 , webpage :
My Dying Bride are an English doom metal band formed in 1990 .
He was a major MGM contract star .
The series premiered Thursday , September 17 , 2009 , and airs in the 8:00 pm ET time slot . It previously aired in the 9:30 pm ET time slot , beginning with its premiere , but later relocated with its fourth episode .
Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Later , he invented a magnetic launcher called the mass driver .
B ) Superior lacrimal punctum
It was painted before the fall of the Northern Song Dynasty in 1127 .
In Job '' Satan '' is not yet the devil 's personal name , as in later Judeo-Christian works . Job 's wife is introduced in Job 2:9 when she suggests that Job curse God and die .
won the Grammy Award for Best Urban\/Alternative Performance at the 53rd Grammy Awards on February 13 , 2011 .
At right is displayed the color brink pink .
Since there is only one complementary base for any of the bases found in DNA and in RNA , one can reconstruct a complementary strand for any single strand .
It weakened to a tropical depression over land , but restrengthened to a tropical storm over the southeastern Gulf of Mexico .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
These specially coated tubes , made of glass and steel , were designed and produced by Solel Solar Systems as well as by Schott Glass in Germany .
Beginning in World War II , the island was used as a training ground and bombing range by the United States military .
Since the 1990s she has moved on to more mature roles , in films such as American Beauty ( 1999 ) , Dungeons & Dragons ( 2000 ) , and Ghost World ( 2001 ) .
Indigenous resistance to the Spanish invasion continued during 1534 , with Diego de Almagro founding Santiago de Quito ( in present day Colta , near Riobamba ) on August 15 , 1534 , later to be renamed San Francisco de Quito on August 28 , 1534 .
It is distinguished from other members of the family by having holes for seven fingers ( the lower one or two often doubled to facilitate the production of semitones ) and one for the thumb of the uppermost hand .
A Cockapoo is a cross breed dog , bred for the first time in the United States , by crossing an American Cocker Spaniel or English Cocker Spaniel and a poodle ( in most cases the miniature poodle or toy poodle ) , or by breeding cockapoo to cockapoo .
His father was an immigrant from Great Britain and died of a heart attack in 1967 .
In general Triple DES with three independent keys ( keying option 1 ) has a key length of 168 bits ( three 56-bit DES keys ) , but due to the meet-in-the-middle attack the effective security it provides is only 112 bits .
There are thousands of named passes around the world , some of which are well-known , such as the Great St. Bernard Pass at 2473 m in the Alps , the Khyber Pass at 1027 m between Afghanistan and Pakistan , and the Khardung La at 5359 m in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
While Ulong chowed down a handful of fish , Koror had to get the hard-earned flint that was still lying underwater .
The Tyrrhenian Sea is part of the Mediterranean Sea off the western coast of Italy .
History Asmara was born out of a union of four villages that took place during the twelfth century .
It is named after the two main towns in its territory : Carrara and Massa , its capital .
Blender link
However , Snape arrives and kills Dumbledore .
More recently , oil reserves discovered in the 20th century out to sea have provided a much needed alternative source of income for the islands .
If you edit without a username , your IP address ( ) is used to identify you instead .
The Port of Felixstowe is the largest container port in the United Kingdom .
In 1945 , 23 Labor Co-operative MPs were elected and two had high office in the Labor government - Alexander and Alfred Barnes , who had been chair of the Party .
Bald Eagles are sexually mature at four or five years of age .
Then the next clock pulse arrives and the flip flops again take their new values , and so on .
He was an authority on the crustacea , and a frequent correspondent with Charles Darwin , mostly concerning their shared interest in barnacles .
In Lady Macbeth she found the highest and best scope for her acting abilities .
Desa is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,940 people .
All of the show 's music was composed by '' The Track Team '' , which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn , who were known to Dante and Konietzko because Zuckerman was Konietzko 's roommate .
As of 2007 , old encyclopedias whose copyright has expired , such as the 1911 edition of Britannica , are also the only free content English encyclopedias released in print form . However , works such as the Great Soviet Encyclopedia , which were created in the public domain , exist as free content encyclopedias in other languages .
Badnaam was based on Saadat Hasan Manto 's short story Jhumkay ( earrings ) .
Bolas ( from Spanish bola , '' ball '' , also known as boleadoras ) are a throwing weapon similar to the surujin made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords , designed to capture animals by entangling their legs .
On September 12 , 2007 , the Burj Dubai , a hotel , residential and commercial building being built in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , passed the CN Tower 's 553.33 metre height .
The Manitoba Moose are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League .
In laboratories successful transfers have been reported from bacteria to yeast , plants , mammalian cells and isolated mammalian mitochondria .
Adriano Gerlin da Silva ( born September 20 , 1974 in Dracena ) is a Brazilian footballer .
The French government initiated prosecution from the High Court of Lyon against the anarchists and members of the International Association , of which Reclus and the influential Peter Kropotkin were designated the two chief organizers .
An imperative sentence or command tells someone to do something : Go to work at 7:30 tomorrow morning .
BBC News ' '' On this day '' He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time magazine (/O1999/O) .
An arrowhead is a tip , usually sharpened , added to an arrow to make it more deadly or to fulfil some special purpose .
Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt , Jr. , grandson of the former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt , wrote in '' The Kurdish Republic of Mahabad '' that a main problem of the People 's Republic of Mahabad was that the Kurds needed the assistance of the USSR ; only with the Red Army did they have a chance .
There is nearly always a tower at the crossing and it may be very large and surmounted by a spire .
Year 1385 ( MCCCLXXXV ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Perched on the pinnacle of a knight 's stall is his helm , decorated with a mantling and topped by his crest .
This holds true till today ; the Westside Story OST and the Top on the Forbidden City OST are the only two albums that remain unrepackaged .
It has a handling capacity of 15-17 million passengers per year , compared with the capacity of Hanoi - Noi Bai airport of 8 million passengers and Da Nang 's 2 million passengers .
See also List of works by Bede List of manuscripts of Bede 's Historia Ecclesiastica Bede 's World Museum in Jarrow Notes References Sources Primary sources Secondary sources External links Ecclesiastical History of the English People , Books 1-5 , L.C. Jane 's 1903 Temple Classics translation .
A transaction on a stock exchange must be made between two members of the exchange -- an ordinary person may not walk into the New York Stock Exchange ( for example ) , and ask to trade stock .
At a dinner party attended by the Dearly couple , Cruella de Vil expresses her dislike for animals ; subsequently , the couple 's new Dalmatian puppies disappear .
He came from New Zealand to Australia in 1838 .
It was found only in Jamaica .
The website came online in April 2000 , after first being launched in February 2000 as part of the website for the Big Bad Baseball Annual .
Koyukuk is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States At the 2000 census the population was 101 .
He is perhaps best known for his work in the American Wrestling Association , World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation .
Crézancy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jews are an ethnoreligious groupSee , for example , Deborah Dash Moore , American Jewish Identity Politics , University of Michigan Press , 2008 , p. 303 ; Ewa Morawska , Insecure Prosperity : Small-Town Jews in Industrial America , 1890-1940 , Princeton University Press , 1999 .
Denaturalization Denaturalization is the reverse of naturalization , when a state deprives one of its citizens of his or her citizenship .
The title is lifted from a lyric from the fifth track on the album , which is from the point of view of Jesus Christ 's fictional brother , Craig .
Kastrychnitski district , Minsk , Belarus since 1993
The Fender Stratocaster , often referred to as the Strat , is a model of electric guitar designed by Leo FenderLeo Fender at Blamepro.com , George Fullerton and Freddie Tavares in 1954 , and manufactured continuously to the present .
Southern Praying Mantis ( , which reads in Cantonese as Nam ( south ) Pai ( Clan ) Tong Long , translated as Praying Mantis-where the literal translation means ` King Insect ) is a Chinese martial art native to the Hakka people ( , in Cantonese read Ha Ka or Ha Ga , a reference to descendants of the Han Dynasty who later migrated south at a time of political unrest ) .
Australian Music Online is a website that indexes information related to Australian music .
He also appeared in the 1945 Negro League All-Star Game , going hitless in five at-bats .
She is Asura 's master , and was imprisoned by the gods in the depths of a volcano , under constant watch by the Demon God Gandhara .
He researched ocean tides ( for which he won the Royal Medal ) , published work in the disciplines of mechanics , physics , geology , astronomy , and economics , while also finding the time to compose poetry , author a Bridgewater Treatise , translate the works of Goethe , and write sermons and theological tracts .
Southeastern ( Uyghur Turkic ) This branch is also referred to as Uyghuric to distinguish the branch from one of its members , Uyghur .
Law was born to a rural preacher and his wife in New Brunswick , where he spent his early life .
LinuxLive USB Creator is a free software for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions .
David Lambert and the Diagram Group .
Several factors contributed to the freezing of toxic asset markets .
Manhattan was at the heart of the New York Campaign , a series of major battles in the early American Revolutionary War .
Gordon later cross the Florida Keys and also made landfall in Fort Myers , Florida while still a weak tropical storm .
Def Leppard 's fifth album , Adrenalize , was finally released on 31 March 1992 .
The two clans of gods fought battles , concluded treaties , and exchanged hostages ( Freyr and Freyja are mentioned as such hostages ) .
The general areas of finance are business finance , personal finance , and public finance .
Nevin closed nine of the company 's seventeen manufacturing plants , including six in one day .
This article mostly describes the visual system of mammals , although other '' higher '' animals have similar visual systems .
East Wing alterations were completed in 1946 , creating additional office space .
Her late siblings , Lynn Redgrave and Corin Redgrave , were also acclaimed actors .
The Middle Jurassic is the second epoch of the Jurassic Period .
'' The king has become a Jew ; he has destroyed Bel , and killed the dragon , and slaughtered the priests , '' they say , and demand that Daniel be handed over to them .
Tropical Storm Gabrielle was a short-lived tropical cyclone that passed over North Carolina before tracking out to sea .
CAF also runs the two main club competitions in Africa : the CAF Champions League was first held in 1964 , and was known as the African Cup of Champions Clubs ( or just African Cup ) until 1997 ; and the CAF Confederation Cup , for national cup winners and high-placed league teams , was launched by CAF in 2004 as a successor to the African Cup Winners ' Cup ( begun in 1975 ) .
The Anatinae is a subfamily of the family Anatidae ( swans , geese and ducks ) .
Gambell is served by the Bering Strait School District . Gambell School serves grades Pre-K through 12 .
Silt is soil or rock derived granular material of a grain size between sand and clay .
The VEX Robotics Design System is a robotic kit intended to introduce students as well as adults to the world of robotics .
In 1910 , he returned to Korea , which had by this time been annexed by Japan .
It forms part of the parish of Burnham-on-Sea and Highbridge .
As a safety feature , the methanol would burn with a color .
Born in Colchester , Essex , England , Roger Penrose is a son of Lionel S. Penrose and Margaret Leathes . Penrose is the brother of mathematician Oliver Penrose and of chess Grandmaster Jonathan Penrose .
Trio ( music ) , three people performing music in some way
Postumously , his succession donated to the Municipality of Pichilemu their forest , terraces , park , perrons , among others , with the condition that they should be attended worthily .
Triton , which is not only massive enough for its surface to have collapsed into a spheroid , but is comparable in size to our own moon , is highlighted in purple .
Most related in appearance to the Chinese star god Shou , he is the God of wisdom and longevity .
The canal today forms the main water flow of the Shoalhaven River .
It has performed well in tests by independent sources such as American boating magazine Practical Sailor Practical Sailor : '' Anchor Reset Tests '' , Belvoir Pubs , January 2001 .
In 1915 father and son were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for their studies , using the X-ray spectrometer , of X-ray spectra , X-ray diffraction , and of crystal structure .
Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 American comedy film co-written and directed by Jared Hess and Jerusha Hess and stars Jon Heder as Napoleon Dynamite .
She met Jude Law during the work on the film Shopping .
Yoshio Okada ( August 11 , 1926 -- June 22 , 2002 ) was a Japanese football player .
It is particularly widely used in Turkish , Greek , Spanish and in Italian cuisine .
Charles Oscar Finley ( February 22 , 1918 & ndash ; February 19 , 1996 ) , nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O , was an American businessman who is best remembered for his tenure as the owner of the Oakland Athletics Major League Baseball team .
The blue poison dart frog ( Dendrobates azureus ) was chosen as the logo and named by co-creator Tyler Pitchford .
'' Summertime '' ( New Kids on the Block song )
It was discovered in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 , making it the first natural satellite to be discovered from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft , rather than through telescopic photography .
Other good examples are the Galilee porch at Ely Cathedral ; the nave and transept of Wells Cathedral ( 1225 - 1240 ) ; the west front of Peterborough Cathedral ; and Beverley Minster and the south transept at York .
Re-releases Disgaea : Afternoon of Darkness A port for the PlayStation Portable named Disgaea Portable was released in Japan on November 30 , 2006 .
Dordogne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
NHL 10 is a video game in the NHL series developed and released by EA Canada and published by EA Sports , and is the 19th game in the series .
The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a portion of British East Africa to the Jewish people as a homeland .
The Aardvark ( Orycteropus afer ) ( : from Africa ) is a medium-sized , burrowing , nocturnal mammal native to Africa .
Immortals Olympian deities Greek name !
Casseuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Volume C - From 1775 to the Present .
The heat needed for geyser formation comes from magma that needs to be near the surface of the earth .
Baltix GNU/Linux is an operating system aimed to be a complete , user-friendly operating system for Lithuanian and Latvian people , based on Debian and UbuntuOfficial Baltix website in English .
Bernard Johan Herman Haitink , CH , KBE ( born 4 March 1929 ) is a Dutch conductor and violinist .
Generally , the image resolution of an SEM is about an order of magnitude poorer than that of a TEM .
The Richter magnitude scale , also known as the local magnitude ( M_L ) scale , assigns a single number to quantify the amount of seismic energy released by an earthquake .
It was the second-largest metropolitan newspaper in circulation in the United States in 2008 and the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the country .
The seat of administration is Zakynthos ( city ) , the main town of the island .
Current agricultural products are cattle , wheat , dairy products , corn , and hay .
While most beetles use their legs for walking , legs may be variously modified and adapted for other uses .
Compared to hard drives , flash drives use little power , have no fragile moving parts , and for most capacities are small and light .
An improvement from the previous year where they clinched a bronze in 2004 .
Hanson is a city in Hopkins County , Kentucky , United States .
Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona due to flooding .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
It has been applied to SAFER , IDEA , Skipjack , E2 , Twofish , Camellia , CRYPTON , and even the stream cipher Salsa20 .
R. giganticus was more than 1 m ( 39 in ) long and weighed about 12 -- 14 kg ( 26 -- 31 lb ) .
The British Rail Class 109 is a class of 2-car diesel multiple units built in 1957 by D. Wickham & Company Five two-car units were built featuring an unusual body design .
According to Casey Hudson , the project director at BioWare , the films Aliens , Blade Runner , Star Wars , and Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan all served as influences for the game .
A test commonly ordered for some sleep disorders is the polysomnography .
He died in 1324 , and was buried in San Lorenzo .
July 15 & ndash ; Battle of the Neva : Russian prince Alexander Nevsky defeats the Swedes , saving Russia from a full-scale enemy invasion from the North .
The population was 19,661 at the 2000 census , making it the most populated city of the Upper Peninsula .
The ink is made from lampblack ( soot ) and binders , and comes in inksticks which must be rubbed with water on an inkstone until the right consistency is achieved .
Ekimyan awarded by the '' Renowned Master of the Arts '' Armenian SSR official title .
Melina won the opportunity to face Phoenix on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by winning a battle royal , a match similar to the Royal Rumble , though with fewer competitors .
Bedford Blues are currently in the second tier of English rugby , but have previously been in the top division .
La Mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of Casaya would be exiled at the Reward Challenge .
Heitor Canalli ( 12 March 1907 -- 21 July 1990 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
Bernardo di Matteo del Borra Gamberelli ( 1409 - 1464 ) , better known as Bernardo Rossellino , was an Italian sculptor and architect , the elder brother of the sculptor Antonio Rossellino .
Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
Gustav is responsible for 153 deaths and at least $ 6.6 billion in damage .
In 1569 transformed into a federation of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Andrew Zachary Fire ( born April 27 , 1959 ) is an American biologist and professor of pathology and of genetics at the Stanford University School of Medicine .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
During the later stages of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 the town was briefly captured by the Red Army .
( see text for families )
Paolo Di Canio ( born 9 July 1968 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York City , Shaw grew up in New Haven , Connecticut , where , according to his autobiography his natural introversion was deepened by local antisemitism .
Jan Kromkamp ( born August 17 , 1980 in Makkinga , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer .
Their debut single , '' X-Ray '' , was released on Promise records on 28 November 2005 , and received some evening play on London radio station Xfm London .
HEADING Former members
He was traded during the 2010 NHL Entry Draft to the Florida Panthers , but was claimed by the Islanders after Florida placed him on waivers with the intention of assigning him to their AHL affiliate .
Its edge figure is a square .
Over 50 booksellers from around Australia set up shop for the day in the town 's heritage buildings .
Marcus Plautius Silvanus is appointed as proconsul of Asia .
Uwe Rahn ( born 21 May 1962 in Mannheim ) is a former German football player .
The event has been described as Europe 's last battlefield .
She attended the first post-war international anarchist conference in Paris , 1948 as a member of the British delegation .
Image : Klein Bottle Folding 1 .
It is named for original developer Michael Widenius 's daughter My .
Several future projects on the MTR have been put forward by MTRCL to the Hong Kong Government , some already under construction .
The name combines the names of Laurentia , the name given to the North American craton , and Eurasia . As suggested by the geologic naming , Laurasia included most of the landmasses which make up today 's continents of the Northern Hemisphere , chiefly Laurentia ( i.e. the core North American continent ) , Baltica , Siberia , Kazakhstania , and the North China and East China cratons .
Honours 1992 - Bristol-Myers Squibb Award for Distinguished Achievement in Neuroscience Research 1993 - Gairdner Foundation International Award for Achievements in Medical Sciences 1993 - Gairdner Foundation International Award 1994 - General Motors Cancer Reseearch Foundation Alfred P. Sloan Jr. .
On his mother 's birthday in 1874 , Arthur was created a royal peer , being titled as the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn and Earl of Sussex .
According to one FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers , Chapter 8 : Seeds , Fruits , and Cones .
Grégory Coupet ( born December 31 , 1972 in Le Puy-en-Velay ) is a French football goalkeeper currently playing for Paris Saint Germain in France .
O'Connor was chosen to play the role after she impressed producers with her performance in the Hercules television movie The Lost Kingdom .
Hugh Michael Jackman ( born 12 October 1968 ) is an Australian actor and producer who is involved in film , musical theater , and television .
Mount Hombori , the highest point in Mali at 1153 meters , is in the Mopti Region , near the city of the same name .
Erika developed from a tropical wave on September 3 .
On 14 February 1613 , she married Frederick V , then Elector of the Palatinate in Germany , and took up her place in the court at Heidelberg .
Seasonal references in the Hebrew calendar reflect its development in the region east of the Mediterranean and the times and climate of the Northern Hemisphere .
Throughout his career he worked on the organism Drosophila melanogaster with Thomas Hunt Morgan .
The WWE Intercontinental Championship was originally known as the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship .
Augustine of Hippo in his commentary on the Sermon on the Mount supported the Moses parallel , arguing that this symbolism showed Jesus as supplementing the precepts of Moses , although in Augustine 's later writings , such as the Reply to Faustus , he carefully backs away from this view .
The group is also referred to as Polypodiophyta , or Polypodiopsida when treated as a subdivision of tracheophyta ( vascular plants ) .
Fearful of the heavy responsibilities of the position , and being separated from his beloved mentor Monk Gyatso , Aang flees from home on his animal guide , a giant six-legged flying bison named Appa .
The Class 170 '' Turbostar '' is a British diesel multiple-unit ( DMU ) train built by Bombardier Transportation ( and previously ADtranz ) at its Derby Litchurch Lane Works .
