The band consists of Brad Arnold ( vocals ) , Matt Roberts ( guitar\/vocals ) , Todd Harrell ( bass ) , Chris Henderson ( guitar ) , and Greg Upchurch ( drums\/percussion ) .
All four-year colleges and universities in the U.S. accept the ACT , but different institutions place different emphases on standardized tests such as the ACT , compared to other factors of evaluation such as class rank , G.P.A. , and extracurricular activities .
It is the main component of the cell walls of fungi , the exoskeletons of arthropods such as crustaceans ( e.g. , crabs , lobsters and shrimps ) and insects , the radulas of mollusks , and the beaks of cephalopods , including squid and octopuses .
Cotidianul was a Romanian newspaper , published Monday to Saturday in Berliner format .
Attacks and counterattacks swept across Miller 's cornfield and fighting swirled around the Dunker Church .
Gallenkirch is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Whitney Adela Sloan ( August 21 , 1988 , London , England , UK ) is a British-born actress best known for playing her role as '' Hollywood Henderson '' in the Disney Channel Original Movie Go Figure .
The breed was developed to create a companion sized version of the Alaskan Husky ( a mixed breed of dog used for sled racing ) , resulting in an energetic , intelligent , apartment-sized dog with an appearance that reflects its northern heritage .
The deaths in 1978 of both Ronnie Peterson and Gunnar Nilsson contributed to the demise of this round of the world championship , as interest for Formula One in Sweden fell following the death of the two Swedish racers .
Apart from her native Russian , Xenia studied English , French and German .
The cascade is composed of many plasma proteins , synthesized in the liver , primarily by hepatocytes .
Cara - Severin ( ; Serbian : , Kara Severin , ; , Bulgarian : - , Karash-Severin ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in historical region Banat , with the county seat at Re i a.
Omissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The transmission of streaming data itself is not a task of the RTSP protocol .
For all integers a , b and c , ( a + b ) + c = a + ( b + c ) .
The concept of the Linux mascot being a penguin came from Linus Torvalds , the creator of Linux .
Yasunari Kawabata was a Japanese short story writer and novelist whose spare , lyrical , subtly-shaded prose works won him the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1968 , the first Japanese author to receive the award .
It is also known as the Great Grey Kangaroo and the Forester Kangaroo .
Atahualpa had stopped in the city of Cajamarca in the Andes with his army of about 80,000 troops on his way south to Cuzco to claim his throne when he encountered the Spanish led by Pizarro .
Jackson DeForest Kelley ( January 20 , 1920 - June 11 , 1999 ) was an American actor known for his iconic roles in Westerns and as Dr. Leonard '' Bones '' McCoy of the USS Enterprise in the television and film series Star Trek .
Skateboard decks are usually between 28 and 33 inches long .
Wallpapers can come plain ( so that it can be painted ) , textured ( such as Anaglypta ) , or with patterned graphics .
( or ) is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints ( or woodcuts ) and paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , featuring motifs of landscapes , tales from history , the theater , and pleasure quarters .
Historically wire rope evolved from steel chains which had a record of mechanical failure .
He also was an owner of race tracks and of the Montreal Alouettes football team in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League .
But they are not the only reliable sources in such areas .
A boy is a young male human .
Line of battle , in naval warfare , a line of warships , hence '' Ship of the line ''
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
At some institutions , the BD is an higher degree than the Bachelor of Arts .
But Pascal became more and more extravagant , finally losing his credibility with Caesar and Cleopatra ( 1945 ) which was the most expensive British movie ever made at that time and a terrible financial and critical flop , although it is highly regarded today .
Harrison was a representative for Surry County , Virginia , ( 1756 - 1758 ) and Charles City County ( 1766 - 1776 ) to the House of Burgesses .
However , when she applied for her passport , she intended to write her name as ` Yun-a ' , but the official mis-wrote her name as ` Yu-na ' .
It was one of the nation 's 100 largest cities for many US Census counts , from 1890 to 1960 , including 1920 , when it had over 100,000 residents for the first time .
is any illness resulting from the consumption of contaminated food .
The contrast between a high level of education and a low level of political rights was particularly great in Aarau , and the city refused to send troops to defend the Bernese border .
Members of Al Badar , along with Razakar , Al-Shams , and Shanti Committee also surrendered .
Chang and his family established the Chang Family Foundation in 1999 , dedicated to integrating tennis , family , and Christian faith .
Simmons began acting at the age of 14 .
Harding then attended the University of Cambridge , but after his first year at university , Abbado named him his assistant with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra .
St. Mirren play in the Scottish Premier League , having been promoted from the First Division in 2005 06 .
Under the influence of a high pressure system , Erika moved quickly westward and strengthened under favorable conditions .
Levergies is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This was followed by the interpromotional Playboy Evening Gown match between Torrie Wilson and Sable against Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie , which had both teams wrestle in lingerie .
The Romans capture Serdica ( modern Sofia ) , named after the Celtic tribe the Serdi .
Alex plays as a center back currently for Chelsea and the Brazil national football team .
It broadcasts a wide variety of programming , including news , sport , light entertainment , music , the arts , comedy , drama , history and lifestyle .
In 1993 , an article in Sonic the Comic ( the British comic officially licensed by Sega Of Europe ) , it announced two new television series starring Sonic the Hedgehog , Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog and Sonic the Hedgehog .
The genus Periophthalmus is by far the most diverse and widespread genus of mudskipper .
Humans , like most animals and plants , have biological rhythms , known as circadian rhythms , which are controlled by a biological clock and work on a daily time scale . These affect body temperature , alertness , appetite , hormone secretion etc. as well as sleep timing .
Saint-Martin-de-Lerm is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Publishers Weekly wrote '' ... fans will not be disappointed '' and remarked , '' As the capstone to this beloved series , this story satisfies . ''
A VIPoma ( also known as Verner Morrison syndrome , after the physicians who first described it ) is a rare ( 1 per 10,000,000 per year ) endocrine tumor , usually ( about 90 % ) originating in the pancreas , that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide ( VIP ) .
Indicated by artifacts found near Lake Sepasco , a small lake along NY 308 , the highway began its history in about 1685 , when a group of Native Americans called the Sepasco built the Sepasco Trail ; this trail ran from the Hudson River , eastward through modern-day Rhinebeck ( then Sepasco or Sepascoot ) , and ended at Lake Sepasco , following roughly Route 308 and its side roads .
At the 2001 census the parish had a population of 169 .
Appa is a fictional character on the Nickelodeon animated television series .
The Edsel Comet The scheduled 1960 Edsel Comet compact car was hastily rebranded the Comet and assigned to Mercury dealerships .
Starting in 1977 Martin Simpson joined her in the recording studio for three albums before he moved to America in 1987 .
Vitamin D is added to some calcium supplements . Proper vitamin D status is important because vitamin D is converted to a hormone in the body which then induces the synthesis of intestinal proteins responsible for calcium absorption .
In 2002 , it had a population of 421,724 and the population density was 78\/km .
Although adoption of IPv6 has been slow , as of June 2008 , all United States government systems have demonstrated basic infrastructure support for IPv6 ( if only at the backbone level ) .
The prancing horse was the symbol on Italian World War I ace Francesco Baracca 's fighter plane , and became the logo of Ferrari after the fallen ace 's parents , good friends with Enzo Ferrari , asked him to continue his tradition of sportsmanship , gallantry and boldness .
Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
As the first person appointed to the vice-presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment , when he became President upon Richard Nixon 's resignation on August 9 , 1974 , he also became the only President of the United States who was elected neither President nor Vice-President .
He was the commanding officer of the Armenian volunteer units , which helped the Van Resistance take control of Van on May 6 , 1915 .
The whole process is achieved in only about 10 seconds .
The last player left hanging on would win Final Immunity .
Herne may refer to :
The following is a list of the 43 cantons of the Ain department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
This is a symbol printed on documents which it considers to be as clear as possible for the intended audience .
They are also possessed by Limulus , the horseshoe crab , and there are suggestions that other chelicerates developed their simple eyes by reduction from a compound starting point .
Asia Liu Xuan , a descendant of the Han Dynasty royal family and leader of insurgents against the Xin Dynasty , proclaims himself emperor against Wang Mang .
They can also join networks organized by city , workplace , school , and region to connect and interact with their close friends .
The game was then played at various venues before being held at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu , Hawaii for 30 consecutive seasons from 1980 to 2009 .
She Loves Me -- Book by Joe Masteroff , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick .
Western Conference (/O1960/O)
Scarlett O ' Hara is a post-hardcore band from McAllen , Texas that was founded in 2007 by guitarist Rene Lopez , and vocalist Eddie Cano .
It is fair to say that COBOL was based very much on her philosophy .
-- )
The administrative , political and military center of the empire was located in Cusco in modern-day Peru .
Under the city 's protection , they were able to form their own reformed church under John Knox and William Whittingham and eventually carried Calvin 's ideas on doctrine and polity back to England and Scotland .
It lies close to Biel , at the boundary between French - and German-speaking regions , and at a knot of highways .
Togiak is located at ( 59.059134 , -160.383186 ) . Togiak is located at the head of Togiak Bay , 67 miles west of Dillingham .
John Rolfe ( c. 1585 -- 1622 ) was one of the early English settlers of North America .
A stroke is a medical emergency and can cause permanent neurological damage , complications , and death .
The process of peer review does not end after a paper completes the peer review process .
This stream of particles spreads outwards at roughly 1.5 million kilometres per hour , creating a tenuous atmosphere ( the heliosphere ) that permeates the Solar System out to at least 100 AU ( see heliopause ) .
Coopersale Halt is the current terminus of the Epping Ongar Railway in the hamlet of Coopersale in Epping , Essex , England .
ICD-11 is planned for 2015 WHO ICD-11 Revision information and will be revised using Web 2.0 principles .
Patriots ' Day ( sometimes incorrectly punctuated Patriot 's Day or Patriots Day ) is a civic holiday commemorating the anniversary of the Battles of Lexington and Concord , the first battles of the American Revolutionary War .
He wrote the screenplays for Underworld ( aka Transmutations -- 1985 ) and Rawhead Rex (/O1986/O) , both directed by George Pavlou .
Bachelor of Arts , Geology with honors and , Whitman College , Washington , 1997 .
As an actor : Bernhard Wicki ( director ) : Das falsche Gewicht following the book by Joseph RothCineman Bernhard Wicki : Das falsche Gewicht , FRG 1971
By September 17 , Felix had dropped to tropical storm strength , and it dissipated two days later .
However , there is little evidence of human occupation during the subsequent Ipswichian Stage ( Eemian Stage elsewhere ) between around 130,000 and 110,000 years ago .
Viva la Vida was re-released on 25 November 2008 in a deluxe edition containing the original album and the Prospekt 's March EP .
The continental margin , between the continental shelf and the abyssal plain , comprises a steep continental slope followed by the flatter continental rise .
The bridge melody of '' Build God , Then We 'll Talk '' is a derivative of the melody of the chorus of '' My Favorite Things '' from The Sound of Music .
'' Boring '' redirects here .
It is not a requirement , but the Wikipedia community will typically accord the ability to vanish to users in good standing who exercise their right to leave and ask to '' vanish '' permanently .
Another advantage of stream ciphers in military cryptography is that the cipher stream can be generated in a separate box that is subject to strict security measures and fed to other devices , e.g. a radio set , which will perform the xor operation as part of their function .
Yeast consumes the sugars found in the grapes and converts them into alcohol .
is an action-adventure video game , the second game in the Metroid series , and the only one developed for the Nintendo Game Boy .
The most unusual storm of the season was Hurricane Ivan .
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech ( 1980-84 ) , Scott Michaux Coach takes pressure in stride , Augusta Chronicle , January 28 , 2009 .
At , Lake Victoria is Africa 's largest lake , and the largest tropical lake in the world .
Eels ( often typeset as eels or EELS ) is an American rock band formed by singer\/songwriter Mark Oliver Everett , better known as E/O. Other members rotate frequently , both in the studio and on stage .
The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph ( 85 km/h ) before encountering cooler waters and weakening .
As a garbage truck approaches , Woody reveals what he knows about Lotso , leading Big Baby to toss him in the dumpster .
Thiruvananthapuram also provides a key link in the movement of goods and passengers to and from southern parts of Tamilnadu into Kerala , the state border being just 30 km away from the city centre .
The oldest settlement still remaining is the village of Lorient , although scattered in every cemetery on the island can be found Swedish grave markers .
Miller , p. 28 .
Killswitch Engage 's current lineup consists of vocalist Howard Jones , bassist Mike D'Antonio , guitarists Joel Stroetzel and Adam Dutkiewicz , and drummer Justin Foley .
Jeffersonville is a city in Clark County , Indiana , along the Ohio River .
After his 28 day journey Airoldi was unfortunately not able to compete in the marathon .
All re-issued versions of Cheshire Cat and CD and Cassette were released by Cargo records\/Grilled Cheese Records ( Cargo Records owns Grilled Cheese records ) .
Sodium amide reacts violently with water to produce ammonia and sodium hydroxide and will burn in air to give oxides of sodium and nitrogen .
Mato Grosso do Sul literally means '' Southern Thick Forest '' , a name inherited from its northern neighbour state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until split in the 1970s .
Robert Shaughnessy , ODNB She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society , and her acquaintances included Samuel Johnson , Edmund Burke , Hester Thrale Piozzi , and William Windham .
Literature Chinese has a rich history of classical literature dating back several thousand years .
FC Union Berlin is a football club based in Berlin , Germany .
Formal debates between candidates for elected office , such as the leaders debates and the U.S. presidential election debates , are common in democracies .
Typical magnitude 10 ^ { -3 } eV .
Today , passengers on the network can either purchase a cash ticket from any ticket vending machine at a train stations , from a ferry wharf , or bus driver or use a re-loadable stored-value card known as SmartRider .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
On January 29 , 2006 , Tapio Wilska , vocalist of the band since 2002 , was fired from the band .
Timur completes his conquest of Central Asia and parts of Persia , establishing the Timurid Empire .
Real Madrid Castilla , reserve team of Real Madrid
The Spice Girls were a British pop girl group formed in 1994 .
It is based on the short story '' Harrison Bergeron '' by author Kurt Vonnegut and stars James Cosmo , Julie Hagerty , and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra .
The next day , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Noel and made landfall on Haiti on October 29 . Noel meandered across the western Caribbean for the next three days ; the storm intensified into a hurricane on November 1 .
One estimate of THC 's LD50 for humans indicates that about 1500 pounds ( 680 kilograms ) of cannabis would have to be smoked within 14 minutes .
; contentstyle : add CSS to the content box .
Omet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
St. Bernard Parish ( ) is a parish located southeast of New Orleans in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
The 5750 miles ( 9,200 km ) Trans-Siberian Railway covers much of this route and currently carries large amounts of freight from East-Asia to Moscow and on to the rest of Europe .
Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot ( born August 10 , 1988 ) is a Kenyan marathon runner .
This may be due to the ability to damage the genome or to the disruption of cellular metabolic processes .
Her parents enrolled her in a gymnastics class at age three after they noticed her climbing up cabinets and jumping down from tables .
Preserved Counties ( Amendment to Boundaries ) ( Wales ) Order 2003 The City of London was unaffected by changes introduced since 1882 .
This earned them a trip to the 2004 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , where they placed 13th .
Origné is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Recycling is a key component of modern waste reduction and is the third component of the '' Reduce , Reuse , Recycle '' waste hierarchy .
Keithsburg is a city in Mercer County , Illinois , United States .
, is the second in a set of six new Joker 's Cards .
He was re-arrested in July 1973 and interned at Long Kesh internment camp .
In 1726 Handel 's opera Scipio was performed for the first time -- the march from which remains the regimental slow march of the British Grenadier Guards .
As of 2006 , over 6,400 species of harvestmen have been discovered worldwide , although the real number of extant species may exceed 10,000 .
Leland Grove is a city in Sangamon County , Illinois adjacent to Springfield .
Archetypes are likewise supposed to have been present in folklore and literature for thousands of years , including prehistoric artwork .
All of the top 10 were deceased by the year of broadcast .
In this sense it is the opposite of inflation , which is similar to taxing currency holders and lenders ( savers ) and using the proceeds to subsidize borrowers .
Since their founding year , the club have played at their home ground of St. James ' Park .
Q Q , 8\/02 , p. 148 : '' ... Saw them adapt their sound for the first time : to the rockabilly and funk groove fads of 1980 . ''
Foxes are a common subject of Japanese folklore ; kitsune usually refers to them in this context .
'' Hear Me Out '' was co-written by Sarah Harding .
It stars Leon Robinson , Doug E. Doug , Malik Yoba , and Rawle D. Lewis , with John Candy as Irv Blitzer , the retired bobsledder and coach of the Jamaican bobsledders .
Phelps was also strongly influenced by William Fellner and Henry Wallich , whose courses emphasized the expectations of agents .
Hesdin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Originally known as the Bank of Manhattan Trust building ,40 Wall Street - The Trump Building and also known as Manhattan Company Building , it was later known by its street address when its founding tenant merged to form the Chase Manhattan Bank and today is known as The Trump Building .
Most societies have prohibitions against incest .
At the same time , West struggled to adapt to his new found pop star status he had once strived to achieve , often becoming the subject of media scrutiny .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 14 , 1991 .
If the Reed Warbler 's eggs hatch before the Cuckoo 's egg , the Cuckoo chick will push the other chicks out of the nest in a similar way .
The lateritic bauxites are found mostly in the countries of the tropics .
Cornell was founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White as a coeducational , non-sectarian institution where admission was offered irrespective of religion or race .
A new chart is compiled and officially released to the public by the Irish Recorded Music Association on Friday at noon .
Baron Cohen won a Golden Globe for Best Actor : Musical or Comedy .
Players on one team ( the batting team ) take turns hitting against the pitcher of the other team ( the fielding team ) , which tries to stop them from scoring runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways .
Milk pasteurization has been subject to increasing scrutiny in recent years , due to the discovery of pathogens that are both widespread and heat resistant ( able to survive pasteurization in significant numbers ) .
This group of formations are geographically divided into the Gunflint Range , the Mesabi and Vermilion ranges , and the Cuyuna Range .
Port Arthur was named after Van Diemen 's Land lieutenant governor George Arthur .
Alarm amongst Protestants increased when his wife , Mary of Modena , gave birth to a son- James Francis Edward- in June 1688 , for the son would , unlike Mary and Anne , be raised a Roman Catholic .
Jens Niclas Alexandersson ( ( born on December 29 , 1971 in Halmstad , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish football midfielder .
The Pandora myth first appears in lines 560 - 612 of Hesiod 's poem in epic meter , the Theogony ( ca .
Union ( comic ) , a Star Wars miniseries
Founded by the Society of Jesus in 1878 , the school is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities .
They were young , in their twenties , and supported by their affluent bourgeois families .
As a result , the Roman army was hemmed in with no means of escape .
The caracal may survive without drinking for a long period -- the water demand is satisfied with the body fluids of its prey .
While it has been described as the world 's smallest nation , Sealand is not currently officially recognized as a sovereign state by any sovereign state .
'' Is Anybody Home ? ''
Rafael Candel
Sebastian Kehl ( born 13 February 1980 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Borussia Dortmund .
Hy-Vee is known for its longtime advertising slogan , '' Where there 's a helpful smile in every aisle '' .
The district of Raron was one of the 12 districts comprising the Republic of Wallis and after 1848 the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
August 28 & ndash ; William Smith , English geologist and cartographer ( b. 1769 )
During her college years , she enrolled in Gekiga Sonjuku , a manga school founded by Kazuo Koike , mangaka of Crying Freeman and Lone Wolf and Cub .
She is a five-time Japanese National Champion , a three-time World Championship medalist , a three-time Four Continents Champion and the 2003-2004 Grand Prix Final Champion .
Tanith Jessica Louise Belbin ( born July 11 , 1984 ) is a Canadian-American ice dancer .
The bikini is perhaps the most popular female beachwear around the globe , according to French fashion historian Olivier Saillard due to '' the power of women , and not the power of fashion '' .
Article 6 of the Constitution of 2001 designates the official language of Somaliland to be Somali , though Arabic is a mandatory subject in school and is used in mosques around the region and English is spoken and taught in schools .
Bismarck Barreto Faria , former Brazilian football ( soccer ) player
composer .
Dan Martin of The Guardian compared it to '' Enter Sandman '' by Metallica and went on to say , '' ( it ) is so listenable it 's almost conventional . ''
The majority of its membership are lay people , with secular priests under the governance of a prelate ( bishop ) appointed by the pope .
Some of the largest groups were the ` Aryans ' , Greeks , Scythians , Persians , White Huns , Arabs , Turks , Mongols and other Eurasian groups right up until the British who left in the late 1940s .
It is a base-10 logarithmic scale obtained by calculating the logarithm of the combined horizontal amplitude ( shaking amplitude ) of the largest displacement from zero on a particular type of seismometer ( Wood -- Anderson torsion ) .
Later , two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are frolicking by the river .
Donatella Versace ( born 2 May 1955 in Reggio di Calabria ) is an Italian fashion designer , as was her brother Gianni Versace , the founder of the Versace clothing brand . Her current title is Vice-President of the Versace Group and Chief Designer of the fashion line .
Following his elevation , Muawiyah moved the capital of the caliphate to Damascus .
Paulo Henrique Souza de Oliveira ( born 5 January 1943 ) , usually called Paulo Henrique , is a former Brazilian footballer .
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
Population : 2,188 inhabitants ( as of 2004 ) .
The Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music . New members of the Canadian Music Hall of Fame are also inducted as part of the awards ceremonies .
The first individual trophy was the Hart Trophy , first awarded in 1924 to the league 's most valuable player .
One of the buildings constructed was one of Australia 's first non-denominational churches , built in a gothic style .
Egoyan 's films often follow non-linear plot-structures , in which events are placed out of sequence in order to elicit specific emotional reactions from the audience by withholding key information .
It was well east of Bermuda at the time and never would get close to land .
High in protein and rich in vitamins and minerals , miso played an important nutritional role in feudal Japan .
Since 2007 he was co-chairman of The Left .
The Cowley High School remained in the Big Horn Academy building until 1983 , when the last class was graduated from Cowley High School .
In the interior are the of the Abruzzo National Park , where rare examples of Mediterranean flora and fauna survive ( chamois , wolves , bears , golden eagles ) .
Several of these national or specific language based churches later expanded to worldwide denominations .
Taft married Nellie on June 19 , 1886 , at the home of the bride 's parents in Cincinnati .
In addition , he refined Arminianism with a strong evangelical emphasis on the Reformed doctrine of justification by faith .
At 49 members it is also the smallest state legislature ( the next smallest is the 60-member bicameral Alaska Legislature ) .
Physical laws were conceived as the rules governing the properties of matter , form and their changes .
His family lived comfortably until the death of his father in 1900 .
Stonewall GB is based in London .
It includes since 1977 the former communes of Momalle , Hodeige , Lamine , and Pousset .
In 1911 and 1912 , Butterworth wrote two song cycles on Housman 's poems .
Héricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
John Mansfield Brumby , MLA ( born 21 April 1953 ) , Australian Labor Party politician , is the 45th Premier of Victoria , assuming office on 30 July 2007 after the resignation of Steve Bracks .
Whoever played the cards had to correctly predict whether the following cards were higher or lower than the previous card .
Cats of unrecorded mixed ancestry are referred to as domestic longhairs and domestic shorthairs or commonly as random-bred , moggies , mongrels , or mutt-cats .
Joe Principe ( born August 15 , 1974 ) is the bass guitarist , co-composer and co-founder of the punk rock band Rise Against .
Martha Washington and her husband both died at Mount Vernon , with Martha dying on May 22 , 1802 , slightly over two years after her husband .
The speed of work was further increase with the development of the fast wheel around 7th century BC with the introduction of the fast-wheel , early forms of which utilised energy stored in the rotating mass of the heavy stone wheel itself Victor Bryant , The Origins of the Potter 's Wheel .
Austria was the last country to operate the Draken in military service .
History The term appears to have been coined in the 19th century , although its etymology is unclear .
Charles VII ( 22 February 1403 - 22 July 1461 ) , called the Victorious or the Well-Served , was King of France from 1422 to his death , though he was initially opposed by Henry VI of England , whose Regent , the Duke of Bedford , ruled much of France including the capital , Paris .
Cotton Plant is a city in Woodruff County , Arkansas , United States .
Izanagi followed her there and upon his return he washed himself , creating Amaterasu , Susanoo , and Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto in the process ( See Japanese mythology ) .
Samuel Timothy '' Tim '' McGraw ( born May 1 , 1967 ) is an American country singer and actor .
The giant robot genre ( known as '' Mecha '' outside Japan ) , for instance , took shape under Tezuka , developed into the Super Robot genre under Go Nagai and others , and was revolutionized at the end of the decade by Yoshiyuki Tomino who developed the Real Robot genre .
Fifty-Six is a city in Stone County , Arkansas , United States .
However , the more widely known Atlas is a figure from Greek mythology .
The film was nominated for an [ [ Academy Awards | Academy Award ] ] as [ [ Academy Award for Live Action Short Film | '' Best Short Film , Live Action '' ] ] .
Etoumbi is a town in the Cuvette-Ouest province of northwestern Republic of the Congo .
Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford , which consists of the counties of Oxfordshire , Buckinghamshire and Berkshire .
They plan to go after hibernating , but Shade wishes to go right away .
Harry Julius Shearer ( born December 23 , 1943 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , voice artist , musician , author and radio host .
Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the HSV color wheel , also known as the , on which it is at hue angle of 330 degrees .
However , the requests are not anonymous to the anonymizing proxy server , and so a degree of trust is present between the proxy server and the user .
Staunton 's defeat by Williams suggests that Staunton had over-stretched himself by acting as both a competitor and the Secretary of the organising committee .
She performed a triple flip-triple toe loop combination , a triple lutz and a double axel as well as earning a level four on all her spins and her spiral sequence .
Fauzy intends to return to full-time racing in 2011 .
Ryo-Z : Ryouji Narita ( Narita Ryouji ) , b. July 15 , 1974
Desmond Michael '' Des '' Lynam , OBE ( born 17 September 1942 , Ennis , County Clare , Ireland ) is an Irish-born British television and radio presenter .
The DIA , designated in 1986 as a Defense Department combat support agency , was established in 1961 as a result of a decision by Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara , under President John F. Kennedy .
Several times Gelfand has qualified for Candidates Tournaments for the World Chess Championship .
Bly 's early collection of poems , Silence in the Snowy Fields , was published in 1962 , and its plain , imagistic style had considerable influence on American verse of the next two decades .
He began the war in the Continental Army but later defected to the British Army .
Nouvion-et-Catillon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Fairly OddParents is an American animated television series created by Butch Hartman about the adventures of Timmy Turner , who is granted fairy parents named Cosmo and Wanda .
Some of the relatively undisturbed natural features near the mouth of the river have been reserved as a Queensland National Park , the Endeavour River National Park .
The album 's lead single was '' U Do n't Know Me ( Like U Used To ) Remix '' .
United Nations University ( UNU ) Headquarters in Tokyo , Japan has named their premiere conference facility after him .
Marley continues to wreak havoc on the household , providing John with a wealth of material for his column , which becomes a hit with readers and helps increase the newspaper 's circulation .
Casals was an ardent supporter of the Spanish Republican government .
He is nicknamed '' Metal God '' as a tribute to his influence on metal , and after the Judas Priest song of the same name from 1980 's British Steel .
He was appointed to fill the term of former U.S. Senator Joe Biden , who resigned to become Vice President of the United States .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey changed the name of Newark 's airport from Newark International Airport to Newark Liberty International Airport .
Wilhelm Bodewin Gustav Keitel ( 22 September 1882 -- 16 October 1946 ) was a German field marshal ( Generalfeldmarschall ) .
A win is achieved by reaching an agreed upon number of counts .
The area south of Leipzig is a big lignite day mining area , which will be recultivated as a lakeland in the near future .
It was first identified by Dr. Ernst von Romberg in 1891 .
Due to the high water table in the new location , the cathedral was built on only four feet of foundations , and by 1258 the nave , transepts and choir were complete .
SMAP is a Japanese idol group formed by Johnny & Associates .
Pago Pago is a mixture of colorful semi-urban communities , a small town , tuna canneries ( which provide employment for a third of the population of Tutuila ) and a harbor surrounded by dramatic cliffs , which plunge almost straight into the sea .
he is wedding to Selma once , who has tried to kill Bart several times , and has gone to prison .
Final Fantasy V , released in 1992 in Japan , was first in the series to spawn a sequel : a short anime series titled Final Fantasy : Legend of the Crystals . Final Fantasy VI was released in Japan in 1994 , but it was titled Final Fantasy III in North America .
Aged 24 , Fermi took a professorship at the University of Rome ( first in atomic physics in Italy ) which he won in a competition held by Professor Orso Mario Corbino , director of the Institute of Physics .
On each typical episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret .
The Jutes , along with some Angles , Saxons and Frisians , sailed across the North Sea to raid and eventually invade Great Britain from the late 4th century onwards , either displacing , absorbing , or destroying the native Celtic peoples there .
Roure is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The latex is obtained by lacerating ( or '' scoring '' ) the immature seed pods ( fruits ) ; the latex leaks out and dries to a sticky brown residue .
Tram services commenced on 24 February 1906 , running from The Angel , Islington through Holborn , the other station in the tram subway , terminating at Aldwych .
and AOL agreed a deal in which Microsoft 's Live Communications Server 2005 users would also have the possibility to talk to public instant messaging users .
According to Leonard Maltin in his introduction to The Chronological Donald - Volume 1 , Donald was created by Walt Disney when he heard Clarence Nash doing his '' duck '' voice while reciting '' Mary had a little lamb '' .
For this reason he has been sued several times for libel by many people and organizations which he had exposed , such as Telecom Italia .
The bishop responsible for the construction was Jocelyn of Wells , a brother of Bishop Hugh II of Lincoln , and one of the bishops at the signing of Magna Carta .
An in-ring segment then took place -- a pizza eating contest between WWE Tag Team Champions Matt Hardy and Montel Vontavious Porter ( MVP ) .
Captain James Cook FRS RN ( -- 14 February 1779 ) was a British explorer , navigator and cartographer , ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy .
An open dress is a dress rehearsal to which specific individuals have been invited to attend as audience members .
Boris Vadimovich Berezovsky ( ; born January 4 , 1969 , in Moscow ) is a Russian pianist .
Darwin included evidence that he had gathered on the Beagle expedition in the 1830s and his subsequent findings from research , correspondence , and experimentation .
Therefore , the track was originally designed to be a 4 k high-banked superspeedway , but there was not enough money to complete the project and thus only one of the bankings was ever designed .
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice Islam in its pristine form ; however , Ahmadiyya views on certain beliefs in Islam have been controversial to mainstream Muslims since the movement 's birth .
In 1951 he made his debut at the Salzburg Festival conducting Mozart 's Idomeneo .
The esophagus is deeply lined with muscle that acts with peristaltic action to move swallowed food down to the stomach .
On August 5 , 1998 , Abe , then a member of the JEF United Ichihara ( now JEF United Ichihara Chiba ) youth side , made his debut with the senior club at the age of 16 years and 333 days , at the time a record for the youngest Japanese professional player and J-League .
When the container 's valve is opened , the liquid is forced out of a small hole and emerges as an aerosol or mist .
Gradually his opinions and concepts became acknowledged , not only in Europe , but worldwide .
A general index of all articles was included for the first time in the 7th edition , a practice maintained until 1974 .
Peter J. Bowler , The Mendelian Revolution : The Emergency of Hereditarian Concepts in Modern Science and Society ( Baltimore : Johns Hopkins University Press , 1989 ) : chapters 2 & 3 .
After the creation of the Bishopric of Bamberg by Emperor Henry II , the first Bishop of Bamberg , Eberhard I , founded the abbey in 1015 as the bishop 's private monastery .
His parents were Abraham Stoker ( 1799 1876 ) , from Dublin , and the feminist Charlotte Mathilda Blake Thornely ( 1818 1901 ) , who came from Ballyshannon , County Donegal .
He is best known for independently proposing a theory of evolution due to natural selection that prompted Charles Darwin to publish his own theory .
According to journalist Paul C. Jezek , Ebner 's writing style is characterized by very careful and acerbic wording .
Martigny-sur-l ` Ante is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the Empire of India within the British Empire .
Raven 's Progressive Matrices , a cognitive test
Foods high in carbohydrate include fruits , sweets , soft drinks , breads , pastas , beans , potatoes , bran , rice , and cereals .
The variations differ sharply : a running line , a set of close harmonies , a march , a polonaise , and a ragtime allegro ; the interludes are one of the first uses of bitonality ; Swafford , p. 63 ; there is some doubt that the published interludes are exactly what Ives wrote at seventeen , but there are other , even earlier , bitonal sketches .
Health and safety At room temperature , ethane is a flammable gas .
They held the Jewish scriptures to be authoritative and sacred , employing mostly the Septuagint or Targum translations , later called the Old Testament , a term associated with Supersessionism , and added other texts as the New Testament canon developed .
This template works in the same way as the template , see the full documentation there .
These frustules show a wide diversity in form , but usually consist of two asymmetrical sides with a split between them , hence the group name .
It was generally located in the west range of the buildings of the cloister , close to the main entrance .
Claudius , unsure that capable Hamlet could receive even a scratch , plans to offer Hamlet poisoned wine if that fails .
MiG-21 '' Fishbed '' and '' Mongol '' , 1960 , fighter aircraft
George Berkeley ( ) ( 12 March 1685 14 January 1753 ) , also known as Bishop Berkeley , was an Anglo-Irish philosopher whose primary achievement was the advancement of a theory he called '' immaterialism '' ( later referred to as '' subjective idealism '' by others ) .
To limit the impact of a potential discovery by a cryptographic adversary , they should be changed regularly and kept secure during distribution and in service .
Through his collection and analytical study of folk music , he was one of the founders of ethnomusicology .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known as Hoshi no Kirby 2 in Japan , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
When contemporary David Cameron was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 2005 , Johnson was re-appointed to the front bench as Shadow Minister for Higher Education and resigned as editor of The Spectator to concentrate on his new role .
The Jaguar , Panthera onca , is a big cat , a feline in the Panthera genus .
Both his parents were musicians - his mother , a singer , was the director of a children 's orphanage , while his father was the first oboist of the Novosibirsk Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra .
Chaudun is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The region 's fertile soil made it possible for farmers to produce abundant harvests of cereal crops such as corn , oats , and , most importantly , wheat .
The outermost ring , Adams , contains five prominent arcs now named Courage , Liberté , Egalité 1 , Egalité 2 and Fraternité ( Courage , Liberty , Equality and Fraternity ) .
It complements the GNU General Public License , which is a copyleft license designed for free software .
For a general article on the state , see State ( polity ) .
King Olav V of Norway , the first foreigner to be admitted to the Order , was also admitted by special statute in 1962 .
Luis Miguel Arconada Etxarri ( born 26 June 1954 ) is a Spanish former international football goalkeeper .
The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is at the apex of the Order of St. John as its Sovereign Head , followed by the Duke of Gloucester , as Grand Prior since 1974 .
Frostproof is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .
The warmed structures and plants inside the greenhouse re-radiate this energy in the infra-red , to which glass is partly opaque , and that energy is trapped inside the glasshouse .
The Pakistani city of Abbottabad as well as the district is named after him .
It focuses on the theme of media responsibility , and also addresses what occurs when the media offer a voice of dissent against the government .
Windsor ( ) is a suburban town in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire , England .
The Natural History Museum is one of three large museums on Exhibition Road , South Kensington , London , England ( the others are the Science Museum , and the Victoria and Albert Museum ) .
IGN editor Travis Fahs commented that while he was not the most likeable character , he has incredible confidence that overshadows his flaws and makes him entertaining .
Brookneal is an incorporated town in Campbell County , Virginia , United States .
In 1970 , he became Kapellmeister of the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig , serving in that post until 1996 .
Israel ( , ; , ) officially the State of Israel ( , ; , ) , is a country in Western Asia located on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea .
and , following Nobunaga 's death in 1582 , he was a tea master for Toyotomi Hideyoshi .
Le Plessis-Grimoult is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Caroline van Dommelen ( 9 November 1874 -- 4 March 1957 ) was a Dutch film actress of the silent era .
March 30 & ndash ; Vincent van Gogh , Dutch painter ( d. 1890 )
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
Swarming is a general term that can be applied to any animal that swarms .
Bassett is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
\* Eleanor de Montfort is captured by pirates in the employ of Edward I of England to prevent her marriage to Llywelyn the Last , prince of Wales ; she is used as a bargaining chip over the coming years in Edward 's attempts to subjugate Llywelyn and Wales .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
Today , most of Micronesia consists of independent states , with the exceptions of Guam and Wake Island , which are U.S. territories , and the Northern Mariana Islands , which form a U.S. Commonwealth .
Tent cities set up by homeless people may be similar to shanty towns , which are informal settlements in which the buildings are made from scrap building materials .
It received ten Academy Awards ( 8 competitive , 2 honorary ) , a record that stood for twenty years .
According to Cohen , by 1940 , Vavilov had accumulated a collection of 200,000 plant seeds from the Soviet Union and from abroad .
Writers he has influenced include Ernest Hemingway , William Faulkner , John Steinbeck , J. D. Salinger , and Amos Oz , among others .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honour of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala Kingship , in December and January in honour of the King .
A dense , malleable , ductile , precious , gray-white transition metal , platinum is remarkable by its resistance to corrosion , even at high temperatures .
The tune is most probably based on the Scottish song '' Thou Bonnie Wood Of Craigielea '' , which Macpherson heard played by a band at the Warrnambool steeplechase .
Retrieved on 2009-05-14 .
The ` international ' in the airport 's name thus does n't refer to its proximity to Canada ( to which it has no regular flights ) , but its role in transatlantic commerce .
The quack doctor she had been going to in her desperation had given her certain medicines to increase her pain and agitation , to feed her fears .
In an effort to break the deadlock , this front saw the introduction of new military technology , including poison gas , aircraft , and tanks .
Though settlement in the area goes back to Roman times , the medieval town of Perpignan seems to have been founded around the beginning of the 10th century ( first mentioned in a document as villa Perpiniarum in 927 ) .
Ian brought a giant clam ; but not to be outdone , Tom slayed a giant shark , dazzling his tribemates .
Agriculture The county is known for its production of Fraser Fir Christmas Trees .
The halberd has been used as a court bodyguard weapon for centuries , and is still the ceremonial weapon of the Swiss Guard in the Vatican .
A secretary from Chiswick , London , she is a companion of the Tenth Doctor , appearing in one scene at the end of the final episode of the 2006 series , '' Doomsday '' , leading into the programme 's second Christmas special , '' The Runaway Bride '' .
Leonardo also remembered his other long-time pupil and companion , Salai and his servant Battista di Vilussis , who each received half of Leonardo 's vineyards , his brothers who received land , and his serving woman who received a black cloak '' of good stuff '' with a fur edge .
The first song heard in the movie , '' Once Upon a Time in New York City '' , was co-written by lyricist Howard Ashman , who , with Alan Menken , would write the songs for the next three Disney films .
It borders both Germany and the Czech Republic to the north , Slovakia and Hungary to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west .
Kim competed in the 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Vancouver , Canada .
Ida Evileye ( Ida Stenbacka ) -- Bass
Wikipedia is a community effort .
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Shift work is an employment practice designed to make use of the 24 hours of the clock , rather than a standard working day .
Dalola is the most north-eastern part of the district , it borders U.C Karnol & Garhi Habibullah of Mansehra District to the north and the River Kunhar and Muzaffarabad District of Kashmir to the east .
National Security Council , an executive branch governmental body responsible for coordinating policy on national security issues
Ivan Goncharov , Mikhail Saltykov , Aleksey Pisemsky , and Nikolai Leskov made lasting contributions to Russian prose .
Mercury ( II ) chloride ( also known as mercuric chloride or corrosive sublimate ) was once used to treat syphilis ( along with other mercury compounds ) , although it is so toxic that sometimes the symptoms of its toxicity were confused with those of the syphilis it was believed to treat .
While at Trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo is a historic theatre in Prague , Czech Republic .
The U.S. Music Publishers ' Association ( MPA ) , which represents sheet music companies , launched a legal campaign against such websites in December 2005 , the MPA 's president , Lauren Keiser , said the free lyrics web sites are '' completely illegal '' and wanted some website operators jailed .
Plate tectonics , earthquakes and volcanoes are all endogenic processes .
Female hermit crabs usually lay their eggs shortly after copulating , but they can also store sperm for many months .
There are two types : rigid ladders that can be leaned against a vertical surface such as a wall , and rope ladders that are hung from the top .
Meanwhile , the still complete Koror started to get tired of each other , as Caryn and Katie bickered when they repair their shelter .
They returned to Australia in 1994 , and Catherine gave birth to her daughter Hannah in 1997 .
It is a classical utopia presented in order to critique and assess the state of the society of Rabelais ' day , as opposed to a modern utopian text which seeks to create the scenario in practice .
The road over the mountain is often closed due to high winds .
Kazuhiko Chiba ( born June 21 , 1985 in Kushiro , Hokkaid , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer .
Xiphactinus ( from Latin and Greek for '' sword-ray '' ) was a large , 4.5 to 6 m ( 15 to 20 feet ) long predatory bony fish that lived in the Western Interior Sea , over what is now the middle of North America , during the Late Cretaceous .
Oberhofen was a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Body image is a term which may refer to a person 's perception of their own physical appearance , or the internal sense of having a body which is interpreted by the brain .
Once the orbit is known , Elektra 's mass can be reliably found .
Mbombela Stadium is a newly built , all-seater , 40,929-seat stadium and was one of the ten venues for the FIFA World Cup 2010 .
( The introduction of blue M&M 's to Australia in 1997 was controversially promoted by the Carlton Football Club of the Australian Football League ( AFL ) who , for one game , swapped their trademark dark blue guernseys for pale blue guernseys -- their first change since the early 20th century . )
Since many drive failures are due to mechanical issues which are more likely on older drives , this violates those assumptions and failures are in fact statistically correlated .
It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of Tyneside .
Keane recorded the final version in 2003 at the Helioscentric Studios , Rye , East Sussex for the album .
There are borings ( created by bioerosion ) dating back to the Devonian which have been attributed to phoronids , notably the ichnogenus Talpina .
Dennis Nilsen ( 1945 -- ) : HomosexualDennis Nilson serialkillercalendar.com , accessed 28 July 2009 serial killer ; 1983 : Nilsen ` strangled and mutilated ' victims BBC News , accessed 31 October 2008 born at Academy Road , Fraserburgh .
Tal was also a highly-regarded chess writer ; his professional career was that of a chess journalist .
History The computer engineering education at the Istanbul Technical University has started as a division of the '' Control and Computer Engineering Department '' in Electrical and Electronics Faculty in [ [ 1980 } } .
Video poker is a single-player computer game that functions much like a slot machine ; most video poker machines play draw poker , where the player bets , a hand is dealt , and the player can discard and replace cards .
Bandwidth in web hosting In website hosting , the term '' bandwidth '' is often incorrectly used to describe the amount of data transferred to or from the website or server within a prescribed period of time , for example bandwidth consumption accumulated over a month measured in Gigabyte per month .
Holmes : Marlborough : England 's Fragile Genius , 42 .
Depending on the nation , military branch , mission , and organization , a modern combat regiment resembles a brigade , in that both range in size from a few hundred to 5,000 soldiers ( 3 to 7 standard battalions ) .
A dolphin will attach a marine sponge to its rostrum , which is presumably then used to protect it when searching for food in the sandy sea bottom .
In 2009 , Hy-Vee ranked 48th on Forbes magazine 's annual list of the largest privately owned companies in the United States .
However , there are some large area maps that that use a familiar map projection . A list of large area maps that do not use equirectangular projection can be found here .
It was said to have been named after the Greek town of Aegae , or after Aegea , a queen of the Amazons who died in the sea , or Aigaion , the '' sea goat '' , another name of Briareus , one of the archaic Hecatonchires , or , especially among the Athenians , Aegeus , the father of Theseus , who drowned himself in the sea when he thought his son had died .
The band released their third single , '' Hunting for Witches '' , with an accompanying video clip in August 2007 .
The Begich Building is now a condominium , and houses nearly all of Whittier 's residents .
'' Take Me Out to the Ball Game '' is an early-20th century Tin Pan Alley song which became the unofficial anthem of baseball , although neither of its authors had attended a game prior to writing the song .
Olivia Mary de Havilland ( born July 1 , 1916 ) is a British American film and stage actress .
The Dreamcast was released in November 1998 in Japan ; on September 9 , 1999 in North America and on October 14 , 1999 in Europe .
After the destruction of the cathedral the tombstone was lost , but it was found in 1859 ( it was being used to cover a well ) , and is now in the Palais des Beaux Arts museum in Lille .
It was known as the German Workers ' Party ( DAP ) before the name was changed in 1920 .
There are currently 306 Virtual Console titles available in Europe and 286 titles in Australia and New Zealand .
( See , eg , B Walsh and C Robson , Alphabetical Voting : A Study of the 1973 General Election in the Republic of Ireland , Economic and Social Research Institute ( ESRI ) , General Research Series No # 71 , Dublin , January 1973 ) .
Hueytown is a city in Alabama , United States south of Pleasant Grove .
Hurricane Gracie was a major hurricane that formed in September 1959 , the strongest during the 1959 Atlantic hurricane season and the most intense to strike the United States since Hurricane Hazel in 1954 .
March -- Frederick III , Holy Roman Emperor becomes the last to be crowned in Rome .
Southwark Cathedral or The Cathedral and Collegiate Church of St Saviour and St Mary Overie , Southwark , London , lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge .
However , plans for increased autonomy were opposed by the Gaullist opposition in the French National Assembly , who feared that they would lead to calls for autonomy from other régions ( such as Brittany , Alsace or Rousillon ) , eventually threatening France 's unity as a country .
Minute Maid is a product line of beverages , usually associated with lemonade or orange juice , but now extends to soft drinks of many kinds , including Hi-C .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
In 1955 , Madgulkar took a job in Pune in the rural programming department of All India Radio .
Also in Singapore , '' mother tongue '' refers to the language of one 's ethnic group regardless of actual proficiency , while the '' first language '' refers to the English language that was established on the island through British colonisation , which is the lingua franca for most post-independence Singaporeans due to its use as the language of instruction in government schools and as a working language .
Duke Nukem 3D is a first-person shooter computer game developed by 3D Realms and published by Apogee Software .
Anhedonia is seen in the mood disorders , schizophrenia , schizoaffective disorder , schizoid personality disorder and other mental disorders .
Samovar & Porter ( 1994 ) , p. 84 Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
Princess Anne , the easternmost county in South Hampton Roads , extended northward from the North Carolina border to Cape Henry at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay , and included all of the area fronting the Atlantic Ocean .
'' Friends Do n't Let Friends Dial Drunk '' - 3:22
Imelda R. Marcos ( born Imelda Remedios Visitacion Romualdez on July 2 , 1929 ) is a Filipino politician and wife of 10th Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos .
Spurgeon was the pastor of the congregation of the New Park Street Chapel ( later the Metropolitan Tabernacle ) in London for 38 years .
Spector also greatly preferred singles to albums , describing LPs as '' two hits and ten pieces of junk '' .
is a Japanese football player who , as of 2006 was playing for Kashima Antlers .
His marriage to Mary finally took place in late 1559 , although it was a time for celebration , the court was still in mourning for the late King , Henry II ( 1519-1559 ) .
Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound of phosphorus and chlorine , having chemical formula PCl3 .
Despite having the same last name as Mohammad Khatami , the reformist former president of Iran , the two men are unrelatedInformed Comment 26-June-2009 and in fact have strongly differing points of view on many issues , such as democracy in Iran .
He signed for Lazio in the summer of 1993 on a free transfer .
It moved steadily eastward through November 20 but on November 21 , under the influence of a cold front to its north , the low turned northeastward and started to develop central convection .
Today the main stem of the Columbia River has 14 dams , of which three are in Canada and 11 in the U.S. Four mainstem dams and four lower Snake River dams contain navigation locks to allow ship and barge passage from the ocean as far as Lewiston , Idaho . The river system as a whole has more than 400 dams for hydroelectricity and irrigation .
Brown , Delmer et al .
Born Linda Cutter in St. Louis , Missouri , in 1953 , Lingle moved with her family to Southern California when she was 12 .
In Sindh Islam had been the predominant religion from the Arab conquest in the 8th century .
In My Story , Monroe recalls her mother '' screaming and laughing '' as she was forcibly removed to the State Hospital in Norwalk .
Gibraltar Firewall is an operating system based on Debian .
Bellengreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Ditka coached the Chicago Bears for 11 years and New Orleans Saints for three years .
Beggars are commonly found in public places such as street corners or public transport , where they request money , most commonly in the form of spare change .
Her mother is of Danish and French Canadian descent and her father is Mexican American .
A shorthand definition of niche is how an organism makes a living .
Her father named her Avril after the month '' April '' in French .
Cabaret also refers to a Mediterranean-style brothel -- a bar with tables and women who mingle with and entertain the clientele .
Tampering with the posted date is illegal in many countries .
Points can be scored in several ways : a try , scored by grounding the ball in the in-goal area , is worth 5 points and a subsequent conversion kick scores 2 points ; a successful penalty kick or a drop goal each score 3 points .
Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard ( 4 February 1897 5 May 1977 ) was a German politician ( CDU ) and Chancellor of West Germany from 1963 until 1966 .
Six homes were destroyed in Narre Warren South and three in Narre Warren North .
Dennis Brain ( 17 May 1921-1 September 1957 ) was a British virtuoso horn player and was largely credited for popularizing the horn as a solo classical instrument with the post-war British public .
Wind is a highly variable resource . With proper understanding it can be incorporated into an electric utility 's generation mix .
Carver is considered a major American writer of the late 20th century and also a major force in the revitalization of the short story in the 1980s .
ISBN 0-8254-2070-9Beck , David (/O2001/O) .
The visa holder needs to go through an interview held at embassy .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman , et al. .
The remaining 15 players are generally either on the disabled list or play at some level of the minor leagues ( usually at the AAA or AA level ) .
Dennis James Kennedy ( November 3 , 1930 - September 5 , 2007 ) , better known as D. James Kennedy , was an American Christian broadcaster , church pastor , and founder of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , where he was senior pastor from 1960 until his death in 2007 .
A cardinal is a senior ecclesiastical official , usually a bishop , of the Catholic Church .
Most academic subjects have a philosophy , for example the philosophy of science , the philosophy of mathematics , the philosophy of logic , the philosophy of law , and the philosophy of history .
Trochinbrod - ( Zofiowka ) ( translated from Hebrew by Karen Engel ) History Trochenbrod was founded in 1835 , initially a farming colony which grew into a small town .
The incidence of dengue fever has increased dramatically over the last 50 years , with around 50 - 100 million people being infected yearly .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
The mission of the movement , according to him , was the propagation of Islam in its pristine form .
Lanark is the county town of Lanarkshire , Scotland
September 15 & ndash ; Titus Oates , English minister and plotter ( d. 1705 )
Medina is home to the three oldest mosques in Islam , namely ; Al-Masjid al-Nabawi ( The Prophet 's Mosque ) , Quba Mosque ( the first mosque in Islam 's history ) , and Masjid al-Qiblatain ( the mosque where the qibla was switched to Mecca ) .
Condé - en-Brie
After the show , Blade chases the two with his gang after Freak calls him a cretin .
Reed , D.S. , Balick , B. , Hajian , A.R. et al. .
Because of the slow rotation rate , NEAR Shoemaker was only able to photograph 60 % of the asteroid 's surface .
Lawrence Joseph '' Larry '' Mullen , Jr. ( born 31 October 1961 in Artane , Dublin , Ireland ) is the drummer for the Irish rock band U2 .
It is located in Abbottabad District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
Despite this , Hannibal found Flaminius still passively encamped at Arretium .
Unusually , the village is two communes , one part in the Somme department and the other in the Pas-de-Calais .
After completing his tenure with the Hilltops , Guebert moved on to play university football with the University of Saskatchewan Huskies .
December October 28 A London woman is publicly flogged for the crime of '' involving herself in politics .
Format The contest final took place on 16 May 2009 at the Olympic Indoor Arena in Moscow , Russia with two semi-finals preceding it on 12 and 14 May .
He is also known for his time with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) where he wrestled as '' Sugar '' Shane Helms .
It is sometimes speculated that Derbyshire rather than Devonshire was intended on the original letters patent for the earldom .
During this time he brought his sister Hannah to New Haven and established her in his apothecary to manage the business in his absence .
For example , if a historical text discusses old documents to derive a new historical conclusion , it is considered to be a primary source for the new conclusion , but a secondary source of information found in the old documents .
The sexes appear fairly similar , but the adult male can be distinguished from the female by its slimmer body and narrower wings .
On the other hand , if it is brightly colored like the neighbouring moon Miranda , it would be even smaller than Cupid and comparable to the smallest outer satellites .
As the jet era started , Sweden foresaw the need for a jet fighter that could intercept bombers at high altitude and also successfully engage fighters .
It also is used in cobalt blue glass . Cobalt ( II ) hydroxide or cobaltous hydroxide is the chemical compound composed of cobalt and the hydroxide ion with the formula Co ( OH ) 2 .
Shovels are fun
Richard A. Peddie ( born in Windsor , Ontario ) is the president and CEO of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment ( MLSE ) , which is the company that owns and operates the Toronto Maple Leafs , the Toronto Raptors , the Toronto Marlies , Toronto F.C. , Leafs TV , Raptors NBA TV and the Air Canada Centre .
Section 74 provides for the circumstances in which an appeal can be made to the Queen in Council .
The terms for the male of a given animal species ( stallion , bull , rooster , etc. ) usually imply that the animal is entire -- that is , not castrated -- and therefore capable of siring offspring .
Vion is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Nuremberg is also famous for its Christkindlesmarkt ( Christmas market ) , which draws well over a million shoppers each year .
Bourdelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces ( provincies in Dutch ) .
The Mixolydian mode ( ) is a major scale with a lowered seventh scale degree .
Tiles are generally used for covering roofs , floors , and walls , showers , or other objects such as tabletops .
From 1882 until December 1888 , Carter administered the Settlement on the Gambia as a Treasurer and Postmaster .
It encompasses an area of about of Guam 's .
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau : the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world , including a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures , including the Great Sphinx , the Great Pyramid of Giza , and a number of other large pyramids and temples .
Sunnis also believe , however , that unbelievers will be in the Hellfire forever .
Rainbow ( also known as Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow or Blackmore 's Rainbow ) were an English rock band , controlled by former Deep Purple guitarist Ritchie Blackmore from 1975 to 1984 and 1994 to 1997 .
Hilton Hotels became the first coast-to-coast hotel chain of the United States in 1943 .
At the 2006 census , French Island had a population of 89 .
During these times , the church experienced great growth and became one of the largest congregations in the country .
Fagiano Okayama is a football club from Okayama , Okayama , Japan .
Nonetheless , the team expanded to two cars for the 1986 season .
January 15 -- Otho seizes power in Rome , proclaims himself emperor , and reigns for three months before committing suicide .
Recorded at NRG Recordings in North Hollywood , California , and produced by Don Gilmore , the album 's lyrical themes deal with problems lead vocalist Chester Bennington experienced during his adolescence , including drug abuse and the constant fighting and divorce of his parents .
In 1906 , gold seekers left for Fairbanks or Nome ; however , the Galena lead mines began operating in 1919 .
Where there was no pasture or water , the Bedouin fed their horses dates and camel 's milk .
It was praised by scientists such as Darwin ( to whom the book was dedicated ) , and Charles Lyell , and by non-scientists such as the novelist Joseph Conrad , who called it his '' favorite bedside companion '' and used it as source of information for several of his novels , especially Lord Jim .
Knowles has been promoting Baby Jamz , a hip hop-styled toy line for pre-schoolers .
MotorStorm has achieved global sales of over 3 million copies .
Rio de Janeiro represents the second largest GDP in the country ( and 30th largest in the world ) , estimated at about 140 billion reais ( IBGE\/2007 ) , and is the headquarters of two major Brazilian companies - Petrobras and Vale , and major oil companies and telephony in Brazil , besides the largest conglomerate of media and communications companies in Latin America , the Globo Organizations .
Suqami , Wail al-Shehri , and Waleed al-Shehri also checked in for the flight in Boston .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party ( SDHP ) ( ) , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
However , during his tenure , Portugal was co-founder of OECD and EFTA .
Under normal circumstances , C. albicans lives in 80 % of the human population with no harmful effects , although overgrowth results in candidiasis .
Unalakleet is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States , in the western part of the state .
Created by comedy writers Allan Sherman and Howard Merrill , it was a derivative of Goodson-Todman 's own panel show What 's My Line ? .
Bluetooth is an open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances ( using short wavelength radio transmissions ) from fixed and mobile devices , creating personal area networks ( PANs ) with high levels of security .
If white people are pleased we are glad .
The history of fortified buildings extends from antiquity to modern times .
Brandy & Mr. Whiskers was an American animated television series about a snobbish dog and a hyperactive rabbit that get stuck in the Amazon Rainforest together .
He gained another teaching diploma at the Institute of Education before working at the Royal College of Art .
Biasca is a town of the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Keres returned to international play in 1946 in the Soviet radio match against Great Britain , and continued his excellent playing form that year and the next year .
Here it is usually coupled with connotation which is the second level of analysis , being what the denotation represents In logic and formal semantics , denotation always attracts the extension meaning of the intension / extension pair , but the other element genuinely varies .
The second degree is a tear of a ligament , which is usually followed by pain or swelling The third degree is a complete rupture .
Once there , Maria realizes upon sight of Kelsey that Davey had discovered Sarah and tries to run into Sarah Jane 's house .
Hellas Verona Football Club ( commonly known simply as Verona , or Hellas within the city of Verona itself ) is an Italian professional football team , based in Verona , Veneto .
Local operator Northern Rail operates all over the north of England , and other national operators include Virgin Trains .
Over 1000 municipally-owned trams served the city of Glasgow , Scotland with over 100 route miles by 1922 .
The eruption of the Siberian Traps is considered to be a possible cause of this '' Great Dying '' .
It consists of the former municipalities of Amougies , Anseroeul , Orroir and Russegnies .
Heinrich 's mother , Luise Therese Sophie , died in 1831 , when he was just 9 .
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkana is the capital .
Hamilton qualified third for the , and by the end of the race he was running in second behind Mark Webber and set the fastest lap of the race on the third last lap .
Paul of Tarsus begins his first mission ( approximate date -- see 47 ) .
HEADING By personal and social factors
Percy Bysshe Shelley ( 4 August 1792 -- 8 July 1822 ; ) Bysshe is pronounced as if written bish .
It was re-released in the USA , Canada , and the UK on March 29 , 1996 , and again on February 3 , 2009 on DVD .
They are often used for children 's enjoyment , but their usage in artistic performances shows that they can also be fascinating for adults .
Gelderland ( , English also Guelders German : Geldern ) is a province of the Netherlands , located in the central eastern part of the country .
Some critics might even suggest that its use of psychological punishment , compounded with no hope of escape , made it one of the worst .
The new , eight-sided structure was opened in 1956 .
Paris FC is a French football club located in the east of Paris .
Females have a mass of , while males average , 11 % larger than females .
Many buildings were destroyed or severely damaged on the island , with thousands left homeless just weeks after Hurricane Baker caused serious damage there .
Family : Bipedidae - Taylor , 1951 -- Ajolotes
This sequence begins with Edward Elgar 's Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1 ( Land of Hope and Glory ) , and continues with Sir Henry Wood 's Fantasia on British Sea Songs , which culminates in Thomas Arne 's Rule Britannia .
Electric hum , mains hum , or power line hum is an audible oscillation of alternating current at the frequency of the mains electricity , which is usually 50 Hz or 60 Hz , depending on the local power line frequency .
Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein and headquartered in New York City and Cambridge , Massachusetts , Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 1993 .
Elk Horn is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
The more abundant Euphausiidae contains ten different genera with a total of 85 species .
Amateur career Kim attended Shin-Il High School in Seoul , South Korea .
The Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force .
Its usage before the sixteenth century , referred firstly to the '' call '' by God to the individual , or calling of all humankind to salvation , particularly in the Vulgate , and more specifically to the '' vocation to the priesthood '' , which is still the usual sense in Roman Catholicism .
Weber , N. A. (/O1913/O) '' Simony '' , Catholic Encyclopaedia '
According to Vikernes ' autobiography on his website , he had intended to record the album in the worst recording quality possible ( due to this being a typical trademark of the early Norwegian black metal scene ) , though still make it sound acceptable .
She is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed Farsala Trilogy .
Pistoia is a city and comune in the Tuscany region of Italy , the capital of a province of the same name , located about 30 km west and north of Florence and is crossed by the Ombrone Pistoiese , a tributary of the River Arno .
He wrote more than 30 novels , plays , essays , poems and philosophical reflections .
Wallpaper is a kind of material used to cover and decorate the interior walls of homes , offices , and other buildings ; it is one aspect of interior decoration .
Compass-and-straightedge or ruler-and-compass construction is the construction of lengths , angles , and other geometric figures using only an idealized ruler and compass .
The Seattle SuperSonics ( also commonly referred to as the Sonics ) were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle , Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) from 1967 until 2008 .
The Queen Cassiopeia , wife of king Cepheus of Macedonia , was beautiful but also arrogant and vain ; these latter two characteristics led to her downfall .
The wreck still lies at the bottom of Pearl Harbor and was established as a memorial to all those who died during the Pearl Harbor attack .
Hotter Than Hell is the second album from the rock group Kiss .
The Count manages to have a quick word with Rosina , whispering that he is Lindoro and passing her a letter .
Romain Maes ( 18 August 1913 in Zerkegem -- 22 February 1983 in Groot-Bijgaarden ) was a Belgian cyclist who won the 1935 Tour de France after wearing the yellow jersey of leadership from beginning to end .
The film , starring Audrey Tautou , chronicled a woman 's search for her missing lover after World War I.
Charlotte County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Folk music is a term for musical folklore which originated in the 19th century .
There are also several bad health effects .
Hawthorne 's portrayal won the BAFTA Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance four times : 1981 , 1982 , 1986 and 1987 .
-- )
This color is usually called simply lime ( since this was the color normally regarded as lime long before web colors were invented ) in order to distinguish it from the web color lime ( X11 Green ) and web color lime green , shown below .
To the east of Ireland is Great Britain , separated from it by the Irish Sea .
Kraainem is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
They are also used for carring things or pulling wagons , or to help plow fields in agriculture .
The Combo is a panel van and leisure activity vehicle from General Motors , which is branded as Opel , Vauxhall , Holden and Chevrolet , depending on the market .
Both are buried at West Norwood Cemetery in south London under a simple headstone .
Any and all Cartoon Cartoons have been featured as a part of Cartoon Network 's original Friday night programming block , Cartoon Cartoon Fridays .
Most famously he wrote the series I Dream of Jeannie , which he also created and produced , which lasted for five seasons from 1965 -- 1970 .
As the player continues through each of the four acts , he faces off against two of the Prime Evils ( Mephisto - Act III and Diablo - Act IV , with Baal , the last prime evil , being the main boss in the expansion pack i.e. Act V ) , and two lesser evils ( Andariel - Act I and Duriel - Act II ) , who act as minor bosses for the first two acts .
In the land slugs , the shell is reduced or absent , and the body is streamlined .
Mac OS X v10 .5 '' Leopard '' was released on October 26 , 2007 .
After this period of study he returned to London determined to replace the square rumba with the Cuban rumba , sistema cubano .
A survey may focus on opinions or factual information depending on its purpose , and many surveys involve administering questions to individuals .
Defenders note that the crows form the majority of the characters in the movie who are sympathetic to Dumbo 's plight , are free spirits who serve nobody , and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence , unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time .
Balochistan or Baluchistan is an arid region located in the Iranian Plateau in Southwest Asia and South Asia , between Pakistan , Iran and Afghanistan .
It consists largely of the minerals gibbsite Al ( OH ) 3 , boehmite - AlO ( OH ) , and diaspore - AlO ( OH ) , together with the iron oxides goethite and hematite , the clay mineral kaolinite and small amounts of anatase TiO2 .
He was born in Lugdunum , Gaul , and was named either Nero Claudius Drusus after his father or Tiberius Claudius Nero after his uncle .
As such , he is regarded as one of Spain 's foremost dramatists and one of the finest playwrights of world literature .
The conquest of Constantinople by the Ottomans signalled the end of the Byzantine empire ; the Battle of Castillon concluded the Hundred Years ' War .
Dravegny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Rowland Taylor , English Protestant martyr ( d. 1555 )
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( it has since dropped to seventh ) .
Moreover , no Parqués game is played in any other Latin American countries .
Gordon hit the northwestern province of Galicia as an intensifying extratropical storm early on September 21 .
Metrosexual is a neologism portmanteau of metropolitan and heterosexual coined in 1994 describing a man ( especially one living in a post-industrial , capitalist culture ) who displays attributes stereotypically associated with homosexual men ( such as a strong concern for his appearance ) , although he is not homosexual .
Te Vas
A skateboard can also be used by simply standing on the deck while on a downward slope and allowing gravity to propel the board and rider .
In 1900 he started to suffer from Bright 's disease and returned to writing piano music .
In this environment , it was an apex predator at the top of the food chain , probably preying on other large dinosaurs like the hadrosaur Saurolophus or the sauropod Nemegtosaurus .
Recently discovered funeral mounds in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity .
There have in fact been six separate Concorde Agreements , all of whose terms were kept strictly secret : The first in 1981 , others in 1987 , 1992 , 1997 , and 1998 , and the current agreement in 2009 .
It is the only Pink Floyd album on which Waters is credited for the writing and composition of every song .
Yagan ( ; rhymes with pagan ) ( c. 1795 -- 11 July 1833 ) was a Noongar warrior who played a key part in early indigenous Australian resistance to British settlement and rule in the area of Perth , Western Australia .
Though the US Forest Service fought wildfires long before World War II , the war brought a new importance and urgency to the effort .
He has composed the soundtracks to the movies The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ( 2003 ) , Steamboy ( 2004 ) , The Island ( 2005 ) , Transformers ( 2007 ) , D-War ( 2007 ) and Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ( 2009 ) .
Sanrio hosts two theme parks in Japan , Sanrio Puroland in Tama , Tokyo , and Harmonyland Harmonyland in Hiji , ita , Ky sh .
In addition , Barnes & Noble commissions reprint anthologies and omnibus editions using in-house editors .
Germany won the competition for the fourth consecutive tournament , and the sixth time overall ( including one win in the predecessor tournament , the European Competition for Representative Women 's Teams ) .
In Mauritania alone , it is estimated that up to 600,000 men , women and children , or 20 % of the population , are enslaved with many used as bonded labour .
The Mac Mini ( trademarked as Mac mini ) is a small form factor desktop computer manufactured by Apple Inc. .
The purpose of this timeline is to give a detailed account of Christianity from the beginning of the current era ( AD ) to the present .
While science journalism focuses on recent scientific developments , popular science is broad-ranging , often written by scientists as well as journalists , and is presented in many formats , which can include books , television documentaries , magazine articles and web pages .
Package holiday , in tourism , a holiday or package tour which consists of transport and accommodation advertised and sold together by a vendor
In eastern Utah petroleum production is a major industry .
Sanrio Inc. is Sanrio 's American subsidiary .
Members of middle class , who are predominantly white but whose ranks include growing numbers of black , colored and Indian people , have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe , North America and Australasia .
He plays as a left-back and has been named one of the best in the world .
There had only been six previous occasions when Germany 's president had chosen to reject bills , in most instances less important legislation was involved .
There are four main versions of Zenwalk as of Zenwalk 5.2 :
Also at age nine he wrestled his first crocodile , again under his father 's supervision . He worked as a volunteer for Queensland 's East Coast Crocodile Management program and captured over 100 crocodiles , some of which were relocated , while others were housed at the family park .
Home media Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the Clones was released on DVD and VHS on November 12 , 2002 .
For example , if the frequency of an allele is 20 % in a given population , then among population members , one in five chromosomes will carry that allele .
In 2007 , Intan moved to GlobalTV as presenter quiz segment in Formula 1 and AFC Asian Cup .
Although this provoked no widespread outrage in Europe as the fall of Jerusalem in 1187 had done , Louis IX of France organized a crusade against Egypt from 1248 to 1254 , leaving from the newly constructed port of Aigues-Mortes in southern France .
Ramon was the space shuttle payload specialist of STS-107 , the fatal mission of Columbia , where he and six other crew members were killed in the re-entry accident .
Societies usually limited access to their members , and the only common library was the college 's depository collection of federal government publications ( established in 1874 ) that was stored in the original Hinsdale Hall .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
In March 2010 , it was announced that a documentary film about Geert Wilders was due to be released in the United States ; Wilders himself was writing a book and producing a sequel to his film , both to be released after the parliamentary elections in the Netherlands in June 2010 .
Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater marshes .
This template allows for the quick creation of a navigational template for any group of articles which contains the names of the U.S. states .
Ieyasu seized power in 1600 , received appointment as shogun in 1603 , abdicated from office in 1605 , but remained in power until his death in 1616 .
By 1887 , the celebration had reached to certain social spheres and acquired a high level of refinement , and people started using costumes and masks .
Alexandria and Budapest had bid unsuccessfully for the 1916 Games .
It is headquarters of Chamber Taluka ( an administrative subdivision of the district ) .
Samuel Liddell ( or Liddel ) '' MacGregor '' Mathers , born as Samuel Liddell ( January 8 or 11 , 1854 & ndash ; November 5 or 20 , 1918 ) , was one of the most influential figures in modern Occultism .
The Coupe Charles Simon , commonly known as the Coupe de France ( , French Cup ) , is the premier knockout cup competition in French football organized by the French Football Federation .
At the start of the 1938 - 39 season , after ten full seasons with Boston , he was traded to the Detroit Red Wings , where he completed the season , and played another full one before retiring .
Radwimps official website Sometimes the band goes by just the shortened version of their name , Rad .
The cavity magnetron is a high-powered vacuum tube that generates microwaves using the interaction of a stream of electrons with a magnetic field .
Humberto Dionisio Maschio ( born February 20 , 1933 in Avellaneda , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine-Italian former football player .
In 2008 , it started the controversial Melbourne Model .
Therapeutic uses Vitamin C is necessary for the treatment and prevention of scurvy .
season = 2009 -- 10
Accurate determination is only possible for trees that produce growth rings , generally those in seasonal climates . Trees in uniform non-seasonal tropical climates grow continuously and do not have distinct growth rings .
For its guideline on plagiarism , see .
Calcium nitride is formed along with the oxide , CaO , when calcium burns in air .
By 19 July 1916 Murray 's 53rd Battalion were involved in the first action that the Australian Imperial Force would see on the Western Front , that of the horrific Battle of Fromelles .
In the second arc , Kurohime receives the Yamato-Dachi from Yamatohime after defeating Gandhara .
However , at the age of 18 , he predeceased his father when he died of typhoid fever .
Off-network syndication involves the sale of a program that was originally run on network television or in some cases first run syndication : a rerun ;
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground ( '' the Tube '' ) , in the United Kingdom .
Cook was born in Houston , Texas , raised in Blue Springs , Missouri , and currently lives in both homes in Kansas City , Missouri and Los Angeles , California .
After years of internment , like Brainin and Nissel , Schidlof became a pupil of Max Rostal , and it was Rostal who became the mentor of the Amadeus and persuaded Schidlof , who had been a violinist , to become a viola player .
Before the 20th century , the term ` Nordic ' or ` Northern ' was commonly used to mean Northern Europe in a sense that included the Nordic countries , European Russia , the Baltic countries ( at that time Estonia , Livonia and Courland ) .
Tinker Bell is given the task of delivering the music box to its original owner ( shown to be Wendy Darling ) .
Thomas Edison was born in Milan , Ohio , and grew up in Port Huron , Michigan .
To date , ( as a group ) they have starred in three idol dramas : My MVP Valentine , Westside Story , and Mr. Fighting ( excluding Jason Hsu ) .
However , the album did not catch on with country radio at the time , and none of the three singles made the top 40 .
The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War , having fought on the losing side .
Queen of the South official club history This is on the Maxwelltown side of the River Nith in Dumfries .
The area contains an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty ( c. 1353 BC ) , and abandoned shortly afterwards .
The fastest non-randomized algorithm , by Bernard Chazelle , is based on the soft heap , an approximate priority queue .
The acronym EOS was chosen for Eos , the Titan Goddess of dawn in Greek mythology , and is often pronounced as a word ( i.e. , EE-oss ) , although some spell out the letters , reading it as an initialism .
Dan Jacobs -- lead & rhythm guitars , backing vocals ( since 1998 )
He also became the lightest , shortest , and youngest ( 21 years , 51 days ) wrestler to win the Cruiserweight Championship .
Corbon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Repentigny is an off-island suburb of Montreal , in the province of Quebec , located north of Montreal , on the lower end of the L'Assomption River and on the Saint Lawrence River .
The Kress Legacy .
The United States Census 2000 lists the population of the city as 16,581 making Daphne the most populous city in Baldwin County .
Milan Kundera , born 1 April 1929 , is a writer of Czech origin who has lived in exile in France since 1975 , where he became a naturalized citizen in 1981 .
Ascanio Sobrero ( October 12 , 1812 -- May 26 , 1888 ) , was an Italian chemist , born in Casale Monferrato .
Fopp was later combined with the band 's first EP , Screaming Life ( 1987 ) , and released as the Screaming Life\/Fopp compilation album in 1990 .
On the equator the Sun is not overhead every day , as some people think .
Stephen Ailes January 28 , 1964 - July 1 , 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson
The Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely Order ( SI 1964\/366 ) , The Huntingdon and Peterborough Order 1964 ( SI 1964\/367 ) The Local Government Act 1972 completely reorganised local authorities in England and Wales .
In addition to Avon , Cooper Tire manufactures tires under the associated brand names Dean , Mastercraft and Starfire .
A second Air Force plane on October 2 found winds with a pressure of .
Leonardo also remembered his other long-time pupil and companion , Salai and his servant Battista di Vilussis , who each received half of Leonardo 's vineyards , his brothers who received land , and his serving woman who received a black cloak of good stuff with a fur edge .
The National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers ( RMT union ) held a conference in January 2006 to address what it calls ` The crisis in working class representation ' , in which Socialist Party councillor and Campaign for a New Workers ' Party chair Dave Nellist was invited to speak .
The argali , or the mountain sheep ( species Ovis ammon ) is the globally endangered wild sheep , which roams the highlands of Central Asia ( Himalaya , Tibet , Altay ) .
Etymology The Country 's official name was Siam ( , ) until June 23 , 1939 , Thailand ( Siam ) History , CSMngt-Thai .
Ervillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Goodman is also responsible for a significant step in racial integration in America .
His works include such novels as Money ( 1984 ) , London Fields ( 1989 ) and The Information ( 1995 ) .
The nutmeg tree is any of several species of trees in genus Myristica .
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for the Gwangju massacre , but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam with the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung , whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier .
During the season finale , a guru attempts to teach Aang how to open up his seven chakras in order to control the Avatar State .
Lisa Marie Presley ( born February 1 , 1968 ) is an American singer and songwriter , also known as the '' Princess of Rock and Roll '' . She is the only child of singer Elvis Presley , and daughter of Priscilla Presley .
In October 2009 , the former president of Zanzibar , Amani Abeid Karume , met with CUF secretary Seif Sharif Hamad , who is currently the first vice president of Zanzibar , at the State House to discuss how to save Zanzibar from future political turmoil and to end the backlash between them , a move which was welcomed by many people including the USA and political parties .
Bury St Edmunds is a historic market town in the county of Suffolk , England and formerly the county town of West Suffolk .
Aramaic is a part of the Northwest Semitic group of languages , which also includes the Canaanite languages such as Hebrew and Phoenician .
If an entry can be found with a tag matching that of the desired datum , the datum in the entry is used instead .
Recently , estimates of these sources suggest that the heavy bombardment before 3.5 Ga within the early atmosphere made available quantities of organics comparable to those produced by other energy sources .
Mark Leonard Randall ( born 28 September 1989 in Milton Keynes ) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Premier League club Arsenal .
In the county the population was spread out with 22.50 % under the age of 18 , 7.30 % from 18 to 24 , 30.40 % from 25 to 44 , 24.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.30 % who were 65 years of age or older .
They separated in February 2010 and eventually divorced in September 2010 .
Later on he changed his ring name to Yoshitatsu , before tweaking the spelling to Yoshi Tatsu , the name he currently works under .
Milang was a significant port on the Murray River System between 1860 and 1880 , before the railway line was built to connect Adelaide to Morgan further upstream .
In 1801 , Joseph Marie Jacquard made an improvement to the textile loom by introducing a series of punched paper cards as a template which allowed his loom to weave intricate patterns automatically .
The municipality only comprises the town of Wezembeek-Oppem proper .
AVN sponsored the first AVN Awards ceremony in February 1984 .
All octopuses are venomous , but only one group , the blue-ringed octopuses , is known to be deadly to humans .
His work was based largely on the writings of Aristotle ( 384 -- 322 BC ) .
The diocese 's area is that of the county of Cornwall including the Isles of Scilly .
Austen was born on 16 December 1775 at Steventon rectory and publicly christened on 5 April 1776 .
Digging deep burrows in soft sediments allow the fish to thermoregulate , avoid marine predators during the high tide when the fish and burrow are submerged , and for laying their eggs .
Kirby , Indiana
In animals In animals , behavior is controlled by the endocrine system & the nervous system .
William H.C. Chang
Kongu soldiers were bravely guarding Kongunadu and were preventing the entry of British through Kaveri River .
After heading north past Bermuda , Marilyn weakened and became extratropical on September 22 . The remnant circulation wandered the Atlantic Ocean from September 23 - October 1 , just south of Nova Scotia .
Other religions , for example Judaism , were strongly opposed to the practice .
The county town is Aylesbury and the largest town in ceremonial Buckinghamshire is Milton Keynes .
Queen 's Park are the oldest Association football club in Scotland , having been founded in 1867 , they are the oldest outside of England and Wales , .
The Justice League , also called the Justice League of America or JLA , is a fictional superhero team that appears in comic books published by DC Comics .
Blyth was born in Muirkirk Scotland - his father was the Portsmouth player Bob Blyth , who went on to manage Portsmouth from 1901 to 1904 and his cousins included Bill Shankly and Bob Shankly .
Interestingly , centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis .
These plants have panicles which grow vertically upwards .
Siarnaq displays light-red colors and the infrared spectrum very similar to Paaliaq and Kiviuq , supporting the thesis of a possible common origin in the break-up of a larger body .
The Australian Defense Force 's contribution to flood relief efforts was designated Operation Queensland Flood Assist .
, for which she was awarded a Nobel prize in 1983 .
The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Centre on January 25 , 2009 , part of the Canadiens ' 100th season celebration .
'' Another One Bites the Dust '' \/O/ '' Do n't Try Suicide '' -- Elektra E47031 ; released 22\/12 August 1980 ( UK # 7 \/O/ US # 1 )
September 12 , 1994 24 The Playwright In order to teach Brighton a lesson about rejecting girls , Fran goes on a date with a loser named Jeffery that she used to torment in high school .
Sulzeer Jeremiah '' Sol '' Campbell ( born 18 September 1974 ) is an English footballer currently playing for Newcastle United .
Robert Urich ( December 19 , 1946 -- April 16 , 2002 ) was an American actor . He played the starring role in the television series Spenser : For Hire ( 1985 -- 1988 ) and Vega $ ( 1978 -- 1981 ) .
On that day they came to a large river which Hovell called Hume 's River '' he being the first that saw it '' .
July & ndash ; Mary de Ferrers is ordered to surrender land and Liverpool Castle to Edmund , second son of Henry III .
Sassari ( , , ) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy .
In November 2003 , following the Conservative Party 's Vote of No Confidence in its leader Iain Duncan Smith , Howard was elected unopposed to the position of Conservative Party leader .
High School Musical 2 ' debuts Friday as Disney 's pop-culture phenomenon fuels a cottage industry ; Bloomberg.com : Exclusive ; High School Musical plants its upbeat message onstage - CBC Arts | Theatre Together , they try out for the lead parts in their high school musical , and as a result , divide the school .
The westernmost Bundesland Vorarlberg with its industrial small towns and villages has the highest share of Muslims in the country with 8.36 % ( it resembles the neighboring north-eastern parts of Switzerland in this respect ) .
Meiosis is essential for sexual reproduction and therefore occurs in all eukaryotes ( including single-celled organisms ) that reproduce sexually .
This reaction is important in the erosion of carbonate rocks , forming caverns , and leads to hard water in many regions .
The city was a center of industry , home to many potters , jewelers and craftsmen .
By 2007 , the preferred platform for the purchase of security software had become the '' computer appliance '' , according to IDC , who estimate that by 2008 , 80 % of network security products will be delivered via an appliance .
They then learn that Fionn was recently strangled in his sleep .
The contemporary reputation of Busnois was immense ; he was the probably the best-known musician in Europe between the time of Guillaume Dufay and Johannes Ockeghem .
In rowing , time trial races , where the boats are sent out at 10 to 20 second intervals , are usually called '' head races . ''
Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) is a German opera company .
Cantor ( church ) , an ecclesiastical officer leading liturgical music in several branches of the Christian church
An electron microscope is a type of microscope that produces an electronically-magnified image of a specimen for detailed observation .
Clive Barker ( born 5 October 1952 ) is an English author , film director and visual artist best known for his work in both metaphysical fantasy and horror fiction .
After the grouping of 1923 under the Railways Act 1921 there were four large railway companies , each dominating its own geographic area : the Great Western Railway ( GWR ) , the London , Midland and Scottish Railway ( LMS ) , the London and North Eastern Railway ( LNER ) and the Southern Railway ( SR ) .
In December 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 Marks to 1 US dollar .
The palace stands at the bottom of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh , at the opposite end to Edinburgh Castle .
So , the next year , in 1960 , he took a research position at the Cowles Foundation , while also doing some teaching at Yale .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III ( born October 17 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Eminem , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
In both the Japanese release of Star Fox 64 and Super Smash Bros. , Fox 's voices were done by Shinobu Satouchi ( speaking in English with a Japanese accent for the English version ) .
Nizy-le-Comte is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The only federal parliament in Germany is the Bundestag .
In 1935 , the Saar area rejoined Germany ; however , it took till after the World War II that the two parts of the district were reunited in 1946 .
A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3000 feet ( 914.4 metres ) .
From 1996 to 1998 , Gillard served as Chief of Staff to John Brumby , at that time the Victorian opposition leader .
Both are easy to work , with an attractive appearance , and been used for making a variety of artworks and objects , especially small carvings .
Electromagnetic radiation is classified into several types according to the frequency of its wave ; these types include ( in order of increasing frequency and decreasing wavelength ) : radio waves , microwaves , terahertz radiation , infrared radiation , visible light , ultraviolet radiation , X-rays and gamma rays .
Gardenia is a genus of 142 species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa , southern Asia , Australasia and Oceania .
In 1956 , about one year after Young 's death , the Cy Young Award was created . The first award was given to Brooklyn 's Don Newcombe .
It functions with multiple different clients of different capabilities .
Sometimes , two particles can be entangled , and then a distant measurement can be performed on one of the two .
After partition , in Pakistan Layyah was become the part of District Muzzaffargarh and in 1983 it was again separated from district Muzzaffargarh and given the status of district with three tehsils ( Layyah , Karor Lal Eisan and Chaubara ) .
Highlights of his four years at the club included being the club 's top scorer in season 1999 - 2000 and receiving the Scottish PFA Young Player of the Year award in 2000 .
Lip Lock Rock : The Alice ` N Chainz Story Staley met guitarist Jerry Cantrell while working at Music Bank rehearsal studios , where the two struggling musicians became roommates , and lived in a rehearsal space they shared .
It is located above mean sea level at the foot of the Khamar-Daban and Khrebet Ulan-Burgasy mountain ranges , next to the confluence of the Selenga River and its tributary , the Uda which divides the city into two parts .
Udon is usually served hot as noodle soup in a mildly flavored broth , in its simplest form as kake udon , served in kakejiru made of dashi , soy sauce ( sh yu ) , and mirin .
Gun dogs are classified as retrievers , flushing spaniels , and pointing breeds .
Collins is one of the current presenters of The Sunday Night Project ( previously named The Friday Night Project ) alongside Alan Carr for Channel 4 .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
The buildings are surrounded by lush green parkland .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Orlando Magic .
Travel in the area was helped by the construction of the world 's oldest known engineered roadway , the Sweet Track , which dates from 3807 BC or 3806 BC .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
A federal holiday , it is observed on November 11 .
Fiordiligi , upset by this development , decides to go to the army and find her betrothed .
It is also the only Semitic tongue written in the Latin alphabet .
Aside from its coffee , tea , hot chocolate , and doughnuts , the Tim Hortons menu now contains a number of other baked goods , such as Timbits ( miniature balls of doughnut dough ) , muffins , croissants , tea biscuits , cookies , rolls , danishes , and more recently bagels - of which Tim Hortons sells one out of every two in the Canadian food service industry .
A live USB is a USB flash drive or a USB external hard disk drive containing a full operating system which can be booted .
Penny Flame ( born 1983 ) , American adult actress
Three Lizzie McGuire video games have been released for the Game Boy Advance : Lizzie McGuire : On the Go ( 2003 ) , Lizzie McGuire 2 : Lizzie Diaries ( 2004 ) , and Lizzie McGuire 3 : Homecoming Havoc ( 2005 ) .
The British Rail Class 321 alternating current ( AC ) electric multiple units ( EMU ) were built by BREL York in three batches from 1988-91 .
February 14 & ndash ; Benjamin Baillaud , French astronomer ( d. 1934 )
There used to be a clear de facto distinction between so called '' historic '' communities ( Basque Country , Catalonia , Galicia , Andalusia ) and the rest .
Long file names 32-bit File Access is necessary for the long file names feature introduced with Windows 95 through the use of the VFAT file system .
For other uses , see Telephone ( disambiguation ) .
A breach of warranty occurs when the promise is broken , i.e. , a product is defective or not as should be expected by a reasonable buyer .
Scale ( album ) , an album by electronic artist Matthew Herbert
It is the most common clinical measurement of visual function .
There were so many American students at Merton at the time that the Junior Common Room proposed a motion '' that this society abhors the Americanization of Oxford , '' defeated by two votes after Eliot reminded the students how much they owed American culture.Seymour-Jones , Carole .
Wanger and director Tay Garnett persuaded Bennett to change her hair from blonde to brunette for her role as Kay Kerrigan in the scenic Trade Winds ( ) opposite Fredric March .
Berry-au-Bac is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
When Newton was three , his mother remarried and went to live with her new husband , the Reverend Barnabus Smith , leaving her son in the care of his maternal grandmother , Margery Ayscough .
A related definition of the term universe is everything that exists at a single moment of cosmological time , such as the present , as in the sentence '' The universe is now bathed uniformly in microwave radiation '' .
The Epistle of Paul to the Ephesians , usually referred to simply as Ephesians , is the tenth book of the New Testament .
The 870s decade ran from January 1 , 870 , to December 31 , 879 .
Ilian Stoyanov ( ) ( born January 20 , 1977 ) is a Bulgarian football player .
Accidents of particularly common types ( auto , fire , etc. ) are investigated to identify how to avoid them in the future .
He performs for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , formerly the World Wrestling Federation , on its Raw brand .
Pope Paul II arrests and tortures some of the abbreviators , among them Filip Callimachus .
Using as many as 1600 females with intact or damaged hearing organs , he was able to statistically evaluate their behavior .
This put an end to the hopes the season would start and also put the future of the series in doubt .
She also calls Mr. Prank ` Angry Pants ' .
SliTaz shares many common goals with Damn Small Linux , but is smaller and based on the more recent Linux kernel 2.6.25 .
His pavane , '' Lachrymae antiquae '' , was also popular in the seventeenth century , and was arranged and used as a theme for variations by many composers .
In Roman mythology , Neptune was the god of the sea , identified with the Greek Poseidon .
Vonnegut admitted that he was a poor anthropology student , with one professor remarking that some of the students were going to be professional anthropologists and he was not one of them .
He also had a noted military career , rising to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve .
Sienna Rose Miller ( born 28 December 1981 ) is an English actress , model , and fashion designer , best known for her roles in Layer Cake , Alfie , Factory Girl , The Edge of Love and G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra .
This route is now to be known as the Essex Thameside franchise .
It crosses the Hindu Kush .
Although not designed to drain water and therefore technically not gargoyles , the grotesques on modern structures are still considered by most people to be gargoyles .
Polish
The type has been produced in side valve , overhead valve and overhead cam configurations .
Carter Braxton ( September 16 , 1736 - October 10 , 1797 ) was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence , a planter , and a representative of Virginia .
On November 24 , Eisenstein signed a contract with the Trust '' upon the basis of Eisenstein 's desire to be free to direct the making of a picture according to his own ideas of what a Mexican picture should be , and in full faith in Eisenstein 's artistic integrity . ''
Bradley divided Austen 's works into '' early '' and '' late '' novels , categories which are still used by scholars today .
She had her first exhibitions in 1991 .
A quickie may involve an intercourse or be limited to manual or oral sex .
The current population of Markham from the Canada 2006 Census is 261,573 .
A major eruption of the South Pacific volcano Kuwae in Vanuatu has a subsequent global cooling effect ( the eruption released more sulfate than any other event in the past 700 years ) .
Minoans portrayed saffron in their palace frescoes by 1500 - 1600 BC , showing saffron 's use as a therapeutic drug .
A wristband is a of clothing , plastic , metal or other that is ped around the of a person .
An army of its own , Fauziah Ismail , JohorBuzz , New Straits Times State government See also : Breakdown of State Seats Representatives , elected in 2008 The state government is headed by the Chief Minister or Menteri Besar .
Ritchie Valens ( born Ricardo Esteban Valenzuela Reyes ; May 13 , 1941 -- February 3 , 1959 ) was a Mexican-American singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Cléville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Kim was named as an ambassador for the 2010 - 2012 Visit Korea Year .
'' Butterfly Caught '' is a song on English trip-hop collective Massive Attack 's fourth full-length album , 100th Window .
Diana 's full title , while married , was Her Royal Highness The Princess Charles Philip Arthur George , Princess of Wales & Countess of Chester , Duchess of Cornwall , Duchess of Rothesay , Countess of Carrick , Baroness of Renfrew , Lady of the Isles , Princess of Scotland .
It is sometimes put on display alongside the Mappa Mundi in the cathedral 's chained library .
He has been married and divorced twice and is very stingy .
History of the Gay Pride Rainbow Flag Aside from the obvious symbolism of a mixed LGBT community , the colors were designed to symbolize : red ( life ) , orange ( healing ) , yellow ( sunlight ) , green ( nature ) , blue ( harmony ) , and purple\/violet ( spirit ) .
The name comes from its association with the Florida Keys , where it is best known as the flavoring ingredient in Key lime pie .
According to other records , including a story in Life Magazine , New Mexico Department of Game and Fish Ranger Ray Bell took him to Santa Fe , where he , his wife Ruth , and their children , Don and Judy , cared for the cub .
The Green River fossils date about 48 mya , but cover several million years , including the transition between the moist early Eocene climate and the slightly drier mid-Eocene .
The first tropical storm of the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season , Alberto developed from a trough of low pressure off the coast of South Carolina on August 5 .
He was best known as the longtime head coach of the University of Alabama football team .
At the start of his ministry , Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist .
Gerhard Ertl ( born 10 October 1936 ) is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
The Guard was dissolved by Emperor Constantine I in the 4th century .
Since the foundation of the first Panhellenic Championship in season 1927-28 , only six clubs have won the title , with the '' big three '' of Athens ( Olympiacos , Panathinaikos and AEK Athens ) dominating and only PAOK , Aris and Larissa managing to break their dominance on a few occasions .
Penang and Singapore were also considered to be administratively a part of the Presidency until they were incorporated into the Crown Colony of the Straits Settlements in 1867 .
This horror regime has given itself a gruesome monument unto the distant time .
The full name of the company is Lidl Stiftung & Co. .
United Stations Radio Network , Linkin Park 's Grammy Noms Are Icing On The Cake Retrieved on March 26 , 2007 MTV awarded the band their Best Rock Video and Best Direction awards for '' In the End '' .
The Port Arthur team played several season without nicknames over its history , with several generic names applied to the team including the Port Arthur Ports , Port Arthur Hockey Club , and the Port Arthur Seniors .
Renansart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
At the general election of 1957 de Valera , then in his seventy-fifth year , won an absolute majority of nine seats , the greatest number he had ever secured .
It is the main town in the borough of St Edmundsbury and known for the ruined abbey near the town centre .
At this time France possessed the largest population in Europe ( see Demographics of France ) and had tremendous influence over European politics , economy , and culture .
It is operated by the Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , and formerly by Japan National Railways ( JNR ) .
Burn Gorman ( born 1 September 1974 ) is an American-born English actor and musician .
They mostly do this to show what their occupation or position is in baseball .
Gorrevod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
She appeared in the sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer ( 1998 ) , which , though not as successful as the first film , took in more money on its opening weekend .
In 1982 , young Pohjola entered the Helsinki cathedral boy choir , Cantores Minores under the direction of Heinz Hofmann .
Jehoahaz was the first king of Judah to die in exile .
Kuzcham Dherai or just Dherai or Derai is a village in the North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Needing more room , Hewitt moved the church 's meeting place to the Hohman Opera House at the corner of State and Hohman .
Meowth is among the most recognizable Pokémon , largely due to the fact that it is a central character in the Pokémon anime series .
If there are multiple people in the same birth year , put them in alphabetical order .
The naming system is again based on Classical Greek , for example tetrahedron ( 4 ) , pentahedron ( 5 ) , hexahedron ( 6 ) , heptahedron ( 7 ) , triacontahedron ( 30 ) , and so on .
The couple married in a Catholic ceremony attended by about 110 guests on July 15 , 2006 at a private estate in Montecito , California .
Soon afterward , the aircraft crashed into a field near Shanksville in Stonycreek Township , Somerset County , Pennsylvania , at 10:03:11 a.m. local time ( 14:03:11 UTC ) .
Couderay is a village in Sawyer County , Wisconsin , United States , along the Couderay River .
History The language has been inspired , especially EJB3-QL , by the native Hibernate Query Language HQLChapter 7 .
Hertha was banned from play against East German teams in the 1949 - 50 season after taking on several players and a coach who had fled the Dresden club SG Friedrichstadt for West Berlin .
He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976 .
In early cookery books , the dish was a means of using leftover roasted meat of any kind , and the pie dish was lined with mashed potato as well as having a mashed potato crust on top .
S1m0ne ( also spelled Simone ) is a 2002 science fiction drama film written , produced and directed by Andrew Niccol .
The city is located on an ancient ford on the river Main , the German word for which is '' Furt '' .
E numbers are also encountered on food labelling in other jurisdictions , including the GCC , Australia , New Zealand and Israel .
Emily Carr ( December 13 , 1871 - March 2 , 1945 ) was a Canadian artist and writer heavily inspired by the indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast .
Doische is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Takashi Mizunuma ( born May 28 , 1960 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
In 1994 , Epitaph received widespread fame , both within and outside the punk community , when NOFX , Rancid and The Offspring all released hit records .
Edwards '' is widely acknowledged to be America 's most important and original philosophical theologian , '' Standford Encyclopedia of Philosophy , '' Jonathan Edwards , '' First published Tue Jan 15 , 2002 ; substantive revision Tue Nov 7 , 2006 and one of America 's greatest intellectuals .
Grace Park -- Number Eight ( Sharon '' Boomer '' Valerii \/O/ Sharon '' Athena '' Agathon \/O/ '' Sweet '' Eight \/O/ '' Hard '' Eight )
The province is only away from Haiti its closest point , across the Windward Passage and close enough to see lights in Haiti on a clear night .
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal by General Mills introduced on May 1 , 1941 as the first oat-based , ready-to-eat cold cereal . Originally named CheeriOats , the name was changed to Cheerios in 1946 because of a trade name dispute with Quaker Oats .
Backgammon is one of the oldest board games for two players .
He was the first Norwegian to play in the NHL , playing a single game with the Detroit Red Wings during the 1978 - 79 NHL season .
He collaborated with '' La Nuesa Tierra '' newspaper with more than 200 articles in Leonese language , and with Logos Group where he 's official Leonese language translator .
Since then Hoffman 's career has largely been focused in cinema with only sporadic returns to television and the stage .
Females reach a body length of up to long and weigh up to 35 kg ( 77.2 lb ) .
Andrology has only been studied as a distinct specialty since the late 1960s : the first specialist journal on the subject was the German periodical Andrologie ( now called Andrologia ) , published from 1969 onwards .
Large intestine After the food has been passed through the small intestine , the food enters the large intestine .
In July 2006 , the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany and 454 Life Sciences in the United States announced that they would be sequencing the Neanderthal genome over the next several years .
Other products include My First Britannica , aimed at children ages six to twelve , and the Britannica Discovery Library , written for children aged three to six ( issued 1974 to 1991 ) .
Albert Coates ( 23 April 1882 -- 11 December 1953 ) was an Anglo-Russian conductor and composer .
Commer is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
At one time , in the late 16th and early 17th century , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was a huge state in central-eastern Europe , with an area of about one million square kilometers .
It is a common ingredient in Indian cooking , and is often used in baking in Nordic countries , such as in the Finnish sweet bread pulla or in the Scandinavian bread Julekake .
Early on August 19 after entering Oklahoma , the remnants of Erin suddenly re-intensified to maximum sustained winds of 60 mph ( 95 km\/h ) a short distance west of Oklahoma City .
Year 1684 ( MDCLXXXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Tuesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Resh ( Arabic : look below ) is the twentieth letter of many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic alphabet ' .
He may have been created by Shiva , or by Parvati , or by Shiva and Parvati , or appeared mysteriously and was discovered by Shiva and Parvati .
On January 22 , 2007 , Abe joined Urawa , the defending J. League and Emperor 's Cup champions , for a transfer fee of around 360 million ( around $ 3 million ) , a record amount for a Japanese player in a domestic deal .
Murrayfield is located right next door to the Murrayfield Ice Rink , and close to the Edinburgh Zoo .
In the United States : Greenwich Village in New York City , and Tiburon , California .
Auzay is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Include , immediately after the copyright notices , a license notice giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the terms of this License , in the form shown in the Addendum below .
The line has hump-backed stations which allow trains to store gravitational potential energy as they slow down and release it when they leave a station .
Metropolitan Borough of Bury , a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester , with HQ at Bury
For sub-national entities called states , see Federated state .
They are constructed to allow movement and provide mechanical support , and are classified structurally and functionally .
Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , is the largest recent order of reptiles , including lizards and snakes .
However , in a 1999 speech , Graham discussed his relationship with the late North Korean dictator Kim Il-sung , praising him as a '' different kind of communist '' and '' one of the great fighters for freedom in his country against the Japanese . ''
This event marked the beginning of the successful , 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the Staatskapelle Berlin , the state orchestra , whose roots trace back to the 16th century .
After having that licence terminated for further seasons , the team will use the historic Team Lotus name in the season , but are now facing legal action from Group Lotus and parent company Proton over the use of the Lotus name .
The novel opens with a distressed letter from Lady Howard to her long-time acquaintance , the Reverend Arthur Villars .
Continuing a run of Cape Verde-type storms , Tropical Depression Twelve formed on September 12 from a strong tropical wave which developed near the African Coast .
After returning to the United States , Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant founded the Seva Foundation , an international health organization based in Berkeley California that is committed to applying the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba toward ending world poverty .
The oldest brewery in the world is believed to be the German state-owned Weihenstephan brewery in the city of Freising , Bavaria .
A vassal , in the terminology that preceded and accompanied the feudalism of medieval Europe , is one who enters into mutual obligations with a monarch , usually of military support and mutual protection , in exchange for certain guarantees , which came to include the terrain held as a fief .
The 1920 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1920 in Antwerp , Belgium .
His next directorial feature was the Raiders sequel Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom .
In the first two years of its existence , the new regime turned to the urgent tasks of political reconstruction and consolidation .
History Palm Beach County was created in 1909 .
He is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships , the others being Jack Brabham , Jackie Stewart , Niki Lauda , Ayrton Senna ( 3 each ) , Alain Prost ( 4 ) , Juan Manuel Fangio ( 5 ) , and Michael Schumacher ( 7 ) .
This decision was curious , given that the name Congo , which referred both to the river Congo and to the ancient Kongo Empire , was fundamentally '' authentic '' to pre-colonial African roots , while Zaire is in fact a Portuguese corruption of another African word , Nzere ( '' river '' , by Nzadi o Nzere , '' the river that swallows all the other rivers '' , another name of the Congo river ) .
The airport has since expanded farther in to Cheshire , mainly due to the second runway being almost entirely within Cheshire .
LivinginPeru.com is an online English language source for news and articles about Peru .
In November , just prior to recording sessions for what would be a three-song release known as the Def Leppard EP , Kenning abruptly left the band ; he would later form the band Cairo .
They make their way to Florida , and Percy sends Clarisse , with the fleece , back to camp .
Arriva Trains Wales is a train operating company , ultimately owned by Deutsche Bahn , that operates urban and inter urban passenger services in Wales and the Welsh Marches .
According to statistics of the Ministry of Commerce in 1999 , there were about 1.5 million inhabitants in seven major cities in Al Anbar province .
Still known as the '' River End '' among fans , this part of the ground is the closest to the River Wensum .
Early gossip linked actresses such as Beyoncé Knowles , Sandra Bullock , Rachel Bilson , Nadia Bjorlin , and Catherine Zeta-Jones to the role of Wonder Woman .
The Cape Cobra ( Naja nivea ) is a moderately sized cobra inhabiting the arid regions of Southern Africa .
The compilation included a new track , the power ballad '' When Love & Hate Collide '' , which became their biggest ever hit in the UK , hitting # 2 on the UK Singles Chart .
New [ conventional wisdom ] is [ that ] power is expensive , but transistors are '' free '' .
Hereford has a '' City Council '' but this is actually a parish council with city status , and has only limited powers .
Christy noticed that a slight bulge appeared periodically .
See this article and her official bio for reference and more information .
The Oasis Theory , originally proposed by Raphael Pumpelly in 1908 , popularized by Vere Gordon Childe in 1928 and summarised in Childe 's book Man Makes Himself .
Flight attendants or cabin crew ( also known as stewards\/stewardesses or air hosts\/hostesses ) are members of an aircrew employed by airlines primarily to ensure the safety and comfort of passengers aboard commercial flights , on select business jet aircraft , and on some military aircraft .
It is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake ( , ) , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km ( 33 miles ) in circumference , about 21 km ( 13 miles ) long , and 13 km ( 8 miles ) wide .
The seven month long Farewell ( For Now ) Tour started in April 2007 and ended in November 2007 .
December -- Thomas Tenison becomes Archbishop of Canterbury 22 December -- The Triennial Bill becomes law .
Brighton , South Australia , a coastal suburb of Adelaide
Chronic malaria is seen in both P. vivax and P. ovale , but not in P. falciparum .
The city center is a colonial town with a large market , the national stadium , a large mosque , and the cathedral for the Archdiocese of Bujumbura .
The band is known for its large lineup , which consists of nine members , including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , a primary drummer and two additional percussionists , a sampler , and a turntablist .
In 1919 , a sociology department was established in Germany at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich by Max Weber , and in 1920 in Poland by Florian Znaniecki .
Wave power Harnessing power from ocean surface wave motion might yield much more energy than tides .
These selected parameters can be used to form a completely functional Infobox .
The series revolves around Betty Suarez , unglamorous and good-natured girl , and her incongruous job at the ultra-chic New York City fashion magazine Mode .
Alto Malcantone is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Abbot Suger , friend and confidante of the French Kings , Louis VI and Louis VII , decided in about 1137 , to rebuild the great Church of Saint-Denis , attached to an abbey which was also a royal residence .
In 2002 Grass returned to the forefront of world literature with Crabwalk ( Im Krebsgang ) .
was printed in several magazines and player 's guides due to its perceived positive effect . Certain players attempted to sell '' tips '' on capturing MissingNo .
It differs from sovereignty in that the tributary has some ( often limited ) self-rule .
Her autobiography , I Put a Spell on You , was published during 1992 . She recorded her last album , A Single Woman , in 1993 .
Purchasing power parity ( PPP ) is a theory of long-term equilibrium exchange rates based on relative price levels of two countries .
In late 2006 , the band co-headlined a tour with Thursday that included the bands Circa Survive and Billy Talent .
The Code of Maimonides ( Mishneh Torah ) , Book Three , Treatise Eight : Sanctification of the New Moon .
Version 2008 ( 15.0 ) The 2008 version was announced on August 28 , 2007 , adding support for Windows Vista 64-bit .
The shire in early days was governed by an ealdorman and in the later Anglo-Saxon period by royal official known as a '' shire reeve '' or sheriff .
Their populations are restricted to the islands of Gili Motang ( 100 ) , Gili Dasami ( 100 ) , Rinca ( 1,300 ) , Komodo ( 1,700 ) , and Flores ( perhaps 2,000 ) .
In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables .
April 2 & ndash ; Hezekiah Niles , American editor and publisher ( b. 1777 )
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a rock album by Derek and the Dominos .
An oral law is a code of conduct in use in a given culture , religion or community application , by which a body of rules of human behaviour is transmitted by oral tradition and effectively respected , or the single rule that is orally transmitted .
He was part of the powerful family Ross Edwards , which founded the newspaper El Mercurio years earlier .
that sold only the muffin tops .
At present he edits the science fiction webzine Flurb .
His mother advised him , after his graduation from UEA , to write to John Cleese requesting work on the set of his upcoming film , Fierce Creatures , so that Davenport could gain some real experience behind the camera .
Following the loss of the battleship in 1941 , with Allied air superiority threatening the remaining battlecruisers in French Atlantic harbors , the ships were ordered to make the Channel Dash back to German ports .
Mentque-Nortbécourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The South Bay Expressway , a toll-road extension of state route 125 , opened November 19 , 2007 , will connect freeways 805 and 905 with State Route 54 , officially connecting the areas closest to the border to areas of East County , as well as creating a link to Interstates 8 and SR 94 .
For the Peruvian writer , Garcilaso de la Vega , see Inca Garcilaso de la Vega Garcilaso de la Vega ( Toledo , c. 1501 -- Le Muy , Nice , France , October 14 1536 ) , was a Spanish soldier and poet .
A particular day may be represented by a different date in another calendar as in the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar , which have been used simultaneously in different places .
The Rhysling Awards are an annual award given for the best science fiction , fantasy , or horror poem of the year .
'' Krusty Gets Busted '' The Simpsons.com .
Stallman has also developed a number of pieces of widely used software , including the original Emacs , the GNU Compiler Collection , the GNU Debugger , and many tools in the GNU Coreutils .
The Vienna Philharmonic ( in German : Wiener Philharmoniker ) is an orchestra in Austria , regularly considered one of the finest in the world .
This included placid lagoons that had limited access to the open sea and where salinity rose high enough that the resulting brine could not support life .
The Australian Antarctic Territory ( AAT ) is the part of Antarctica claimed by Australia and is the largest territory of Antarctica claimed by any nation .
According to the American magazine Reader 's Digest , Curitiba is the best place to live in Brazil .
Over the subsequent days its intensity fluctuated largely due to eyewall replacement cycles , and Ivan passed just south of Jamaica , the Cayman Islands , and western Cuba with winds at or slightly below Category 5 status .
Its metropolitan population is the second largest in Nigeria after Lagos .
During the dry season ( winter ) , the humidity can reach critical levels , mainly in the peak hours of the hottest days .
On January 1 , 2006 Ruiselede had a total population of 5,113 .
From 1920 onwards , Arnold worked as functionary of the movement of Christian workers .
Shrimpton was called '' The Face of the '60s '' , in which she has been considered by many as '' the symbol of Swinging London '' and the '' embodiment of the 1960s '' .
Her love of biting is n't as common late in the series , though , when she develops a love of cooking .
