Additional parameters for this template are available at .
The population of the comune was c. 8,000 in 2004 , with the town proper accounting for about half of that ; the rest lives in the frazioni of Borgo , Bovara , Cannaiola , Coste , Pigge , Manciano , Matigge , Parrano , Picciche , San Lorenzo and Santa Maria in Valle .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
It was recorded by pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson for the soundtrack to the film The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement by Disney Records , where it quickly became a charting single and video from the soundtrack .
Matthew Perry ( timpanist ) , timpanist with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra
Third class seats became garden furniture , and first class seats found their way into local snooker halls and Masonic Lodges .
Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available ; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei , but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
Ouendan , sometimes referred to as simply Ouendan , is a rhythm video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console in 2005 , for release only in Japan .
Men In White - The Untold Story of Singapore 's Ruling Political Party , p. 145 .
Police may also use tear gas and CS gas to stop rioters .
The town flourished and attained prominence and political repute with the rise of the First Babylonian Dynasty .
It is represented by the area under the curve in the elastic region in the stress-strain curve .
Turmeric is received , not only from Erode district , but also from the other parts of Tamil Nadu and adjoining districts like Mysore in Karnataka State .
August 1 -- Batavian rebellion : The Batavians in Germania Inferior ( Netherlands ) revolt under the leadership of Gaius Julius Civilis .
The Oklahoma Senate is the upper house of the two houses of the Legislature of Oklahoma , the other being the Oklahoma House of Representatives .
Survivor Records , a British Christian music record label
Some artists who rose to popularity following their appearances at Monterey included Janis Joplin , Laura Nyro , Canned Heat , Otis Redding , Steve Miller and Indian sitar maestro Ravi Shankar .
They began to perform shows locally and traveled only small distances for shows .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon (/O1973/O) , Wish You Were Here (/O1975/O) , Animals (/O1977/O) , and The Wall (/O1979/O) with all of them peaking at number one on the United States record chart with the exception of Animals .
In 2006 , it was the second largest book fair in the world after the Frankfurt Book Fair .
In Japanese , the word Seinen means '' young man '' or '' young men '' and is not suggestive of sexual matters . The female equivalent to seinen manga is josei manga .
It also shares borders with Indian administered Kashmir to the east .
He was executed in 1979 after the Supreme Court of Pakistan sentenced him to death for authorizing the murder of a political opponent , in a move that many believe was done under the directives of General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
She starred in the now canceled ABC Family television series 10 Things I Hate About You as Bianca Stratford , and was the main character Jo in the movie Mean Girls 2 .
Andris Piebalgs was born on 17 September 1957 in Valmiera , Latvia .
A stellar wind is a flow of neutral or charged gas ejected from the upper atmosphere of a star .
Paul Menard ( born August 21 , 1980 ) is a NASCAR driver currently competing in the Sprint Cup Series .
Javier Pedro Saviola ( born 11 December 1981 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine professional footballer who currently plays for Benfica in the Portuguese Liga , usually as a striker .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
In genetic sex determination systems , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it inherits .
Compton is a city in southern Los Angeles County , California , United States , south-southeast of downtown Los Angeles .
It was discovered on September 9 , 1892 , by Edward Emerson Barnard and named after Amalthea , a nymph in Greek mythology .
There is currently a total of 100 senators ( two from each of the 50 states ) , who each serve six-year terms .
William Frederick '' Bill '' Stone ( 23 September 1900 -- 10 January 2009 ) was one of the last five First World War veterans who served in the United Kingdom 's armed forces and one of the last two seamen worldwide , along with Claude Choules .
Back at camp , Aras decided to break his alliance with Shane after finding out that Shane wanted to take Courtney to the final two .
Caslano is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino , near to the Italian border .
A closet rod sagging under the weight of clothes on clothes hangers is an example of a beam experiencing bending .
Its relative minor is F-sharp minor and its parallel minor is A minor .
Banks was a member of the England national team that won the 1966 World Cup .
Leo Bernard Gorcey ( June 3 , 1917 -- June 2 , 1969 ) was an American stage and movie actor who became famous for portraying on film the leader of the group of young hooligans known variously as the Dead End Kids , The East Side Kids and The Bowery Boys .
Though some sources claim that colonial American houses often lacked closets because of a '' closet tax '' imposed by the British crown , others argue that closets were absent in most houses simply because their residents had few possessions .
Freaky Styley and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan ( 1985 1988 ) George Clinton was selected to produce the next Red Hot Chili Peppers album , Freaky Styley .
Music may be written in an enharmonic scale ( e.g. C minor , which only has four sharps in its key signature , compared to the theoretical eight flats required for D minor ) .
Grand Prix des Nations ( 1946 , 1947 )
Hiroyuki Hayashi ( born 5 October 1983 in Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for J. League side Tochigi S.C. .
During the Napoleonic Wars , many Ticinesi ( as was the case for other Swiss ) served in Swiss military units allied with the French .
It is the most populous city in India , and the second most populous city in the world , with a population of approximately 14 million .
The Piast dynasty was the first historical ruling dynasty of Poland .
These rivers have their mutual source in Guinea ; the Bafing River flows through Mali and the Semefé is on the Malinese-Senegalese border .
He has edited and written many books and articles on education theory , policy and practice , and has appeared on many panels and symposia .
Sapignies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
May 31 , 1996 ) was an American writer , psychologist , futurist , advocate of psychedelic drug research , and one of the first people whose remains have been sent into space .
Following local government reforms in the 1970s , county councils no longer exist in Scotland or Northern Ireland .
The album includes their live staples '' The Creeps '' , '' Another State of Mind '' , '' Telling Them '' and the title track , which has been frequently played by KROQ .
One of the most versatile English composers of his time , Gibbons wrote a quantity of keyboard works , around thirty fantasias for viols , a number of madrigals ( the best-known being The Silver Swan ) , and many popular verse anthems .
Yasuyuki Moriyama ( born May 1 , 1969 in Gifu , Gifu , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Professor Reginald Crundall Punnett FRS ( 20 June 1875 -- 3 January 1967 ) was a British geneticist who co-founded , with William Bateson , the Journal of Genetics in 1910 .
Origny-Sainte-Benoite is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The epistle is one of four deuterocanonical books found among the Dead Sea scrolls ( see Tanakh at Qumran ) .
Watson departed from Sydney on 18 October 2009 , heading eastbound over the Pacific Ocean , Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean .
During the Muromachi period , ashigaru were employed by the shogun as his personal army .
An answer to Arch-bishop Bramhall 's book , called the Catching of the Leviathan : never printed before .
Cantenac , sometimes Cantenac-Margaux , is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Between 1850 and 1861 , the Governor of New South Wales was titled Governor-General in an early attempt at federalism imposed by Earl Grey .
It was designed in 1927 by Benny Benson , a 13-year-old Alaska Native residing in Seward , for a contest to create a flag for the then-Alaska Territory .
It may also refer to :
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
The Post Office opened 1 February 1856 although known as Cathcart until 31 August 1857 .
Vulnerability refers to a person 's state of being liable to succumb to manipulation , persuasion , temptation etc./O.
Olaf resulted in some reports of damage and flooding in Mexico and Guatemala .
Mark , depicting Jesus as innocent of plotting against Rome , portrays Pilate as extremely reluctant to execute Jesus , blaming the Jewish hierarchy for his death .
In the Early Ordovician , trilobites were joined by many new types of organisms , including tabulate corals , strophomenid , rhynchonellid , and many new orthid brachiopods , bryozoans , planktonic graptolites and conodonts , and many types of molluscs and echinoderms , including the ophiuroids ( '' brittle stars '' ) and the first sea stars .
De Chirico is best known for the paintings he produced between 1909 and 1919 , his metaphysical period , which are memorable for the haunted , brooding moods evoked by their images .
The Loja Hummingbird ( A. alticola ) , with less rufous to the underparts , is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Amazilia Hummingbird .
Tetsuya Asano ( born February 23 , 1967 ) is a Japanese former footballer .
Moses ' wife , Tzipporah , is described as a Kushite in the book of Numbers 12:1 .
Pierremont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the old man or the narrator .
The character of Severus Snape has appeared in various animated parodies of Harry Potter .
Under the leadership of Heinrich Himmler between 1929 and 1945 , the SS grew from a small paramilitary formation to one of the largest and most powerful organizations in the Third Reich .
The town is twinned with several towns :
Roberto Carlos '' Pato '' Abbondanzieri ( born Abbondancieri on August 19 1972 in Bouquet , Santa Fe ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Boca Juniors and the Argentina national football team .
The band consists of lead vocalist Hayley Williams , bassist Jeremy Davis , and guitarist Taylor York .
As the challenges continued , it quickly became apparent that Ulong was the weaker tribe , while strong leadership by Tom and Ian at Koror kept the tribe intact .
The main plot follows two terminally ill men ( portrayed by Nicholson and Freeman ) on their road trip with a wish list of things to do before they '' kick the bucket . ''
Kubica was in 3rd place in the opening round , when he collided with Vettel while battling for 2nd place and was forced to retire .
Alpine glaciers form on mountain slopes .
Its name is in honor of the family of Kiliaen van Rensselaer , the original Dutch owner of the land in the area .
Verlincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On 22 August 1788 , the Province of Freedom and land along the Freetown peninsula was granted to Captain John Taylor of the HMS Miro .
Alternate spelling may include ` Noemi ' or ` Naomie ' .
Charles V abdicated in 1556 and decreed that the territories of the Burgundian Circle should be held by the Spanish Crown .
They use this capability to obtain information about the progression of the day deep inside a dark beehive comparable to what is know from the position of the sun .
Due to the international success of the Harry Potter movies , she is now widely known for playing the role of Professor Minerva McGonagall .
Mark Brandon '' Chopper '' Read ( born 17 November 1954 ) is an Australian ex-criminal , who wrote a series of successful semi-autobiographical and fictional crime novels .
Landfall is the event of a tropical cyclone ( also known as a hurricane ) or a waterspout coming onto land after being over water .
Mumt z Mahal ( April , 1593 - 17 June 1631 ) ( Persian , Urdu : ; pronounced ; meaning '' beloved ornament of the palace '' ) is the common nickname of Arjumand Banu Begum , an Empress of India during the Mughal Dynasty .
At the end of the match , Mickie hit a Mick Kick on Trish 's head which knocked out Trish , allowing Mickie to win the match and the WWE Women 's Championship .
Production ceased in May 2006 after 156 were produced .
Woody is elated until he hears about Lotso from Chuckles the sad clown .
Anabaptists rebel in some cities in the Netherlands , including a famous incident of seven men and five woman walking nude in the streets of Amsterdam .
Elaborate windows are subdivided by closely spaced parallel mullions ( vertical bars of stone ) , usually up to the level at which the arched top of the window begins .
Trance music is broken into a large number of genres . Chronologically , the major genres are Classic trance , Acid trance , Progressive trance , and Uplifting Trance .
, sometimes referred to as Yoshi Kawaguchi , is a Japanese footballer .
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite .
Scuba diving for abalone is allowed and has a rich history in Australia .
Aizy-Jouy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Hadrosaurus foulkii is the only species in this genus and has been the official state dinosaur of New Jersey since 1991 .
The first was The Viola da Gamba Society , which was established in the United Kingdom in 1948 and has a worldwide membership .
Deep convection continued to develop to the south of the center , and the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Wilma at 0600 UTC on October 17 , while located about southeast of Grand Cayman .
She had objected to the services now being read in Latin .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 30 .
The crust forms in part by aggregation of island arcs including granite and metamorphic fold belts , and it is preserved in part by depletion of the underlying mantle to form buoyant lithospheric mantle .
The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force , which , along with the Secretary of the Navy , were now non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense .
He won his first GP2 Asia Series race at Sakhir , winning from lights-to-flag in the sprint race having started from pole position .
Azua is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Plot The film is set in New York City and Los Angeles .
Later at its height , gradually added , were the annexed princely states of Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab in India , Haryana , and Himachal Pradesh and portions of Chhatisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , and Maharashtra in present day India , including the provinces of North West Frontier and Punjab in Pakistan , and Burma ( present day Myanmar ) .
Le Catelet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
William III ( Willem Alexander Paul Frederik Lodewijk , anglicised : William Alexander Paul Frederick Louis ) ( 19 February 1817 - 23 November 1890 ) was from 1849 King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg until his death and the Duke of Limburg until the abolition of the Duchy in 1866 .
Due to the limited size of the mother 's womb , multiple pregnancies are much less likely to carry to full term than single births , with twin pregnancies lasting only 37 weeks ( 3 weeks less than full term ) on average .
According to the website Bible Research , it contains ( in order ) '' the last eight chapters of Romans ; all of Hebrews ; virtually all of 1 -- 2 Corinthians ; all of Ephesians , Galatians , Philippians , Colossians ; and two chapters of 1 Thessalonians .
In addition , Young pitched three no-hitters , including the third perfect game in baseball history , first in baseball 's '' modern era '' .
The university became a favored choice for bright Jewish students from New York in the 1920s and 1930s when the Ivy League schools had quotas restricting the number of Jews to be admitted .
p. 375 .
Collaborators include Fabolous , Rap.about.com T-Pain , Brisco , Bobby Valentino , Betty Wright , Static Major , Robin Thicke , Kidd Kidd , Jay-Z , ThePremier ( February 25 , 2008 ) .
The title role was originally reserved by Britten for Geraint Evans , who prepared it but then withdrew because it lay too high for his voice . Britten chose Theodor Uppman to replace him , and Evans sang a different role , Mr Flint .
Samuel Coleridge-Taylor ( 15 August 1875 1 September 1912 ) was an English composer who achieved such success he was called the '' African Mahler '' .
The Australian Labor Party ( ALP ; sometimes simply Labor ) is an Australian political party .
History The School was originally founded in 1480 by William Waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of Magdalen College , Oxford who sang in the college 's chapel , as well as other gifted local children of high academic achievement .
The greater number of games won .
It is generally accepted that the Holocene started approximately 12,000 years BP ( before present day ) , i.e. , around 10,000 BCE .
Although a small town , Gundagai is a popular topic for writers and has become the representation or an icon of the typical Australian country town .
A Live USB of Damn Small Linux can be created manually or with UNetbootin .
The screenplay is by Susannah Grant and Karey Kirkpatrick , based on White 's book .
John Mansfield Brumby , MLA ( born 21 April 1953 ) , Australian Labor Party politician , is the 45th Premier of Victoria , assuming office on 30 July 2007 after the resignation of Steve Bracks .
The current emperor on the throne is typically referred to by the title Tenn Heika ( , literally '' His Majesty the heavenly sovereign '' ) or Kinj Heika ( , literally '' his current majesty '' ) or simply Tenn when speaking Japanese .
Mustafa Barzani , the father of the nationalist Kurdish movement in Iraqi Kurdistan ( Southern Kurdistan ) , was also the commander of its army .
For most of pharaonic Egypt 's history , Thebes was the administrative center of Upper Egypt .
In this era of the Franks , the city expanded culturally , and in the 15th and 16th centuries , saw the erection of a number of palaces , mansions , churches and monasteries .
Although uncommon in the general population , ischemic colitis occurs with greater frequency in the elderly , and is the most common form of bowel ischemia .
Poanes azin ( Draudt , 1924 )
At War with Satan is the third album by heavy metal band Venom .
Accessed March 21st , 2009 .
Liquids may dissolve in other liquids .
Several organizations in some cities , such as New York and Boston , tried to be inventive about help to the swelling number of homeless people .
Immediately after the withdrawal of the troops , the Hindustanis and Madda Khel broke their agreement with the British Government by permitting the return of Hashim Ali .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Shelbourne F.C. won the championship .
As a result , the original Victoria Cross is sometimes referred to as the '' British Victoria Cross '' or the '' Imperial Victoria Cross '' , to distinguish it from the newer awards .
Daikoku 's images are found in the temples of Tibet and China and the god enjoys an exalted position as a household deity in Japan .
He started his career at Karlsruher SC and in 1994 was transferred to Bayern Munich , his last professional club .
The capital and principal city was Patiala .
Coulogne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
With a total score of 196.83 points , Kim won her second Grand Prix Final .
Mount Carmel is an active cemetery , located within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago .
The Malayan tiger ( Panthera tigris jacksoni ) is a new in 2005 discovered subspecies of the tiger .
There is concern about radioactive contamination from nuclear waste the former Soviet Union dumped in the sea and the effect this will have on the marine environment . According to an official '' White Paper '' report compiled and released by the Russian government in March 1993 , the Soviet Union dumped six nuclear submarine reactors and ten nuclear reactors into the Kara Sea between 1965-1988 .
Blanchard is a city in Page County , Iowa , United States .
Owen William Paterson ( born 24 June 1956 , Whitchurch ) is a British Conservative Party politician , and Member of Parliament for North Shropshire and Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
Gary Shearston ( born Gary Reht Shearston , 9 January 1939 , Inverell , New South Wales ) is an Australian singer and songwriter who was a leading figure of the folk music revival of the 1960s .
Bedfordshire
The series ran on The WB for three seasons from April 2 , 1997 to May 16 , 1999 .
The decisive naval Battle of Sluys ( , frequently anglicised as ) was fought on 24 June 1340 as one of the opening conflicts of the Hundred Years ' War .
However , while the IEEE 1394a and IEEE 1394b standards are compatible , FireWire 800 's connector , referred to as a beta connector , is different from FireWire 400 's alpha connectors , making legacy cables incompatible .
The Mesolithic ( Greek : mesos '' middle '' , lithos stone ) or '' Middle Stone Age '' This translation can be ambiguous since Middle Stone Age is an older African prehistoric period .
The bonus DVD includes interviews with the band members and producer regarding the Valley of the Damned period and the remix , professionally filmed footage from their first Japanese tour , two commentaries ; one from Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and one from ZP Theart and Karl Groom , backstage footage from a live performance in Japan and from the recording , in Denmark , and remixing session for the album .
In the Czech Republic , the Ministry of Social Affairs confirmed in 2006 that baby hatches are legal according to Czech law .
Along with Hovell in 1824 , Hume was part of an expedition that first took an overland route from Sydney to Port Phillip near the site of present day Melbourne .
Gerald William '' Jerry '' Trainor ( born January 21 , 1977 ) is an American actor , comedian and voice actor , widely known for playing Spencer Shay on iCarly .
Thus , those running the scheme do not actually have to pay out very much ( net ) ; they simply have to send statements to investors showing them how much they earned by keeping the money , maintaining the deception that the scheme is a fund with high returns .
Delta moved erratically for a few days before moving towards the Canary Islands .
The Hassan Bek Mosque , , also known as the Hasan Bey Mosque , is considered to be one of the most well-known mosques located in Jaffa , which is now part of the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality in Israel .
According to the Hindu sage Adi Shankaracharya , the world - as we ordinarily understand it - is like a dream : fleeting and illusory .
It is also found in small amounts in certain members of the Fabaceae ( bean ) family , including Acacia berlandieri .
Legally , this is often regarded as the moment of Australia 's national independence .
However , if ignored , they lose interest when their victims escape , so they move on to find other victims .
The group consists of sisters , Melissa Marie and Allison Green , and their best friend , Dani Artaud .
In 1607 , after a voyage of 144 days , three ships headed by Captain Christopher Newport carrying 105 men and boys made their first landfall in the New World where the Atlantic Ocean meets the southern mouth of the Chesapeake Bay in the northeastern part of the city .
It is included in the Lawton , Oklahoma , Metropolitan Statistical Area with Lawton as it 's county seat .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS ( 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
There is no state government ; instead , state government type services are provided by contractors , including departments of the Western Australian Government , with the costs met by the Australian ( Commonwealth ) Government .
Working Group III :[ ] Report was due to be finalized in mid-2007 .
The civil war era in Norway ends .
North East England is one of the nine official regions of England .
Pretoria itself was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Pretorius , a leader of the Voortrekkers , who named it after his father Andries Pretorius .
The total area is 156.61 km , giving a population density of 67.9 inhabitants per km .
Events For over 400 years the youth celebration is the largest event in Lenzburg , taking place every year on the second Friday of July .
In March 2006 , Joubert published his biography , Brian Joubert : le Feu sur la Glace ( Brian Joubert : the fire on ice ) , in French .
During the second half of the 20th century , many counties received overflow population from nearby cities .
The Shiva Samhita defines the yogi Kanabar as someone who knows that the entire cosmos is situated within his own body , and the Yoga-Shikha-Upanishad distinguishes two kinds of yogis : those who pierce through the '' sun '' ( surya ) by means of the various yogic techniques and those who access the door of the central conduit ( sushumna-nadi ) and drink the nectar .
Stratigraphy , a branch of geology , studies rock layers and layering ( stratification ) .
After Pascal 's death , Valerie married the famous publisher and philanthropist George T. Delacorte , Jr. and spent the rest of her life supporting charitable foundations under the name Valerie Delacorte .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
Many ethnic groups in Nicaragua , such as the Chinese Nicaraguans and Palestinian Nicaraguans , have maintained their ancestral languages while also speaking Spanish and/or English .
The Beijing Midi Modern School of Music and Music Festival Another important step in the development of Chinese rock music had been the Beijing Midi School of Music in Beijing .
In 2000 , worldwide publicity was created about Sealand following the establishment of a new entity called HavenCo , a data haven , which effectively took control of Roughs Tower itself .
A municipal borough until 1974 , Buxton was then merged with other localities including Glossop , lying primarily to the north , to form the local government district and borough of High Peak within the county of Derbyshire .
On that same Raw , The Rock returned for the first time since his kayfabe suspension on the April 2 edition of Raw .
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti ( Arabic : ' ; 28 April 1937 - 30 December 2006 ) was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 .
Locomotives and multiple units ( the majority being self-propelled ) have frequently had similar arrangements for classification and numbering , so are considered together here .
History Gurdaspur district website .
Such a kick counts as a drop goal in rugby union but not in rugby league .
In a backstage segment later that night , DX placed all members into a crate stamped '' OVW , Louisville , Kentucky '' , a reference to the developmental territory from which the Squad had come .
The Little Theatre allowed Fielding the freedom to experiment , and to alter the traditional comedy genre .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
Rob Cavallo is a record producer .
For the Malcolm in the Middle character see list of characters .
Enid Mary Blyton ( 11 August 1897 28 November 1968 ) was a British children 's writer known as both Enid Blyton and Mary Pollock .
Also another group of Brahmin is known as Jangida Brahmin , these are mostly involved in woodworking profession .
BBC Scotland ( Gaelic : BBC Alba ) is a constituent part of the British Broadcasting Corporation , the publicly-funded broadcaster of the United Kingdom . It is , in effect , the national broadcaster for Scotland , having a considerable amount of autonomy from the BBC 's London headquarters , and is run by the BBC Trust , who are advised in Scotland by the Audience Council Scotland .
Rainbow Six Vegas 2 ( RSV2 ) is the seventh installment in the Rainbow Six series ( nineteenth including expansions ) .
Cara - Severin ( ; Serbian : , Kara Severin , ; , Bulgarian : - , Karash-Severin ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in historical region Banat , with the county seat at Re i a.
Operation The RSA algorithm involves three steps : key generation , encryption and decryption .
Archaeognaths are found in a wide range of habitats , and are unusual among insects in that they can even be found in the Arctic where they live in leaf litter and rock crevices .
Another bomb near Warrenpoint , Northern Ireland kills 18 British soldiers .
Other notable film roles include the high-school comedy Ca n't Hardly Wait (/O1998/O) and a starring role with Sigourney Weaver in the romantic comedy Heartbreakers (/O2001/O) .
Ruston & Hornsby , later known as Ruston , was an industrial equipment manufacturer in Lincoln , England , the company 's history going back to 1840 .
Whilst the spire is the cathedral 's most impressive feature , it has also proved to be troublesome .
The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi ' I , about 66 days after 1 Muharram , the first day of the Muslim year ( for millions of muslims from the Sunnah Wal Jamaah sect however , the Hijra is celebrated on 1st Muharram ) .
After the death of the child-king Baldwin V , his mother succeeds him as Sibylla of Jerusalem and appoints her disfavoured husband Guy de Lusignan king consort .
In 1970 , the AFL NFL merger took place and the Raiders joined the Western Division of the American Football Conference in the newly merged NFL .
The Shell Rock River is a tributary of the Cedar River , 102 mi ( 164 km ) long in southern Minnesota and northern Iowa in the United States .
In biology , the imago is the last stage of development of an insect , after the last ecdysis of an incomplete metamorphosis , or after emergence from the pupa where the metamorphosis is complete .
For a country attempting to rebuild its economy and reputation after World War II , Andrea Doria was an icon of Italian national pride .
Abu-Al-Asar Hafeez Jullandhuri ( Punjabi , ) Abul Asar Hafeez Jalandhri writer , poet and above all composer of the National Anthem of PakistanSouth Asian Media Net .
Combined with North Crossett and West Crossett , the population is 10,763 .
is a Tokyo Metro station in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan , located adjacent to the National Diet Building .
Trinity College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge .
The larval shell of a gastropod is called a protoconch .
Based on his european experience , Ross bought a place named '' La Posada '' ( English : The Inn ) or Petren Fund in 1885 .
Later the Pretoria Minute represented another step towards resolution where agreements at Groote Schuur were reconsolidated and steps towards setting up an interim government and drafting a new constitution were established as well as suspension of the military wing of the ANC - the Umkhonto we Sizwe .
This was the first Formula One victory for a BMW engine since the 2004 Brazilian Grand Prix .
Robert Christgau ( B + ) link
Near '' Ornament Valley '' ( a reference to Monument Valley ) is derived from the rugged Black Mountains in Arizona , and the famous Cadillac Ranch sculpture in Amarillo , Texas .
Apart from being the political nerve center of Kerala , it is also a major academic hub and is home to several educational institutions including the University of Kerala , and to many science and technology institutions , the most prominent being the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre ( VSSC ) , Technopark , the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology ( IIST ) and the Indian Institute of Science , Education and Research ( IISER ) .
Mira Katherine Sorvino ( born September 28 , 1967 ) is an American actress .
Saint-Laurent-des-Combes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
'' Roll with It '' received a great deal of attention when Food Records , the label of Britpop rivals Blur , moved the original release date of single '' Country House '' to clash with it , sparking what came to be known as '' The Battle of Britpop '' .
In there , it said that James , by trying to run away on 11 December 1688 , had the government , so the Throne had become .
The two Councils of Nicaea ( 325 , 382 ) condemned Arian teachings as heresy and produced a creed ( see Nicene Creed ) .
Semantics The word is mainly used as a profanity towards someone the speaker does not like or whose behavior is hurtful , self-centered , or particularly abrasive .
A first language ( also native language , arterial language , L1 , or mother tongue ) is the language a person has learned from birthBloomfield , Leonard .
If one changes from a high carbohydrate diet to one that does n't supply enough glycogen to the liver , the body undergoes ketosis .
Athletic may refer to :
Lochieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Its capital is Andorra la Vella .
Spiral rainbands are such a basic structure to a tropical cyclone that in most tropical cyclone basins , use of the satellite-based Dvorak technique is the primary method used to determine a tropical cyclone 's maximum sustained winds .
The company was founded in January 2001 by Martin Penny , Gary Douglas and Robert Powls , who collaborated to purchase the rights to produce a particular style of hair straightening iron from a South Korean inventor .
It is regarded as one of the most significant works of English literature , has been translated into more than 200 languages , and has never been out of print .
On 14 March 1994 , Linux 1.0.0 was released , with 176,250 lines of code .
Following a career as an Apostolic Delegate for West Africa and Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers , he took the lead in opposing the changes within the Church associated with the Second Vatican Council .
A tile is a manufactured piece of hard-wearing material such as ceramic , stone , metal , or even glass .
Bruno Conti ( born 13 March 1955 in Nettuno , province of Rome ) is an Italian ex-football player and former coach of the Serie A club Roma from 14 March 2005 to 30 June 2005 .
It took each ant 2.5 hours to make one revolution .
History Iodine was discovered by Bernard Courtois in 1811 .
The English word is recorded only since 1530 , derived from Middle - via Old French archeduc , from Merovingian Latin archidux , from arch ( i ) - ( see arch - ( adj . ) )
Its chemical formula is KCr ( SO4 ) 2 and it is commonly found in its dodecahydrate form as KCr ( SO4 ) 2 12 ( H2O ) .
The success continued with the 1964 singles '' You Are a Wonderful One '' , '' Try It Baby '' , '' Baby Do n't You Do It '' and '' How Sweet It Is ( To Be Loved By You ) '' , which became his first signature song .
Another legend tells of Crocus and Smilax , whereby Crocus is bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus .
He is trained in the art of singing so beautifully that his songs can express ideas and emotions more truthfully than words .
Vulcans are a humanoid species in the fictional Star Trek universe who evolved on the planet Vulcan , and are noted for their attempt to live by reason and logic with no interference from emotion .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
Javier Alejandro Mascherano ( ; born 8 June 1984 in San Lorenzo ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Barcelona .
The Hush Sound is an indie quartet originating in DuPage County , Illinois .
Though numerous other composers , such as Massenet , wrote mélodies during Gounod 's lifetime , a name that can not be omitted is that of Gabriel Fauré .
For example , in Archery , the player holds the Wii Remote vertically to hold the bow , and pulls back the Nunchuk to pull back the bow 's string .
He has since participated in three major tournaments , becoming an integral member of the Spain teams that won Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup .
Other websites Growing Gardenias Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa , southern Asia , Australasia and Oceania .
Their feet have webbing between all four toes , as in their relatives .
A kremlin ( , fortress ) is a major fortified central complex found in historic Russian cities .
Though most were published under his well-known pseudonym , Dr. Seuss , he also authored over a dozen books as Theo .
In 2008 , Lee entered in and won the Urban Music Nation contest organized by radio operator Skyrock ; the finale was on December 26 , 2008 .
All sthenurines had an extremely developed , almost hoof-like , fourth toe on the hindlimbs , with other toes vestigial .
Type ( biology ) , which fixes a scientific name to a taxon
After Charles 's death in January 1788 the Papacy did not recognize Henry as the lawful ruler of England , Scotland and Ireland , but referred to him as the Cardinal Duke of York .
Chianti is a red Italian wine produced in Tuscany .
The service has been being tested on the main site using the accounts SYM TwitterAPI , SYM rsarver and SYM raffi .
Two other tinker fairies , Bobble ( Rob Paulsen ) and Clank ( Jeff Bennett ) , teach her their craft , and tell her about the fairies who visit the mainland to bring each season .
The series , Great Britons , included individual programs on the top ten , with viewers having further opportunities to vote after each program .
'' Storm and Stress '' ( Acoustic )
At the time , Oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .
The following codes refer to countries or dependent areas that are currently not affiliated with FIFA , but whose codes either appear in the FIFA results database , or are used regularly by confederation websites . The following codes refer to countries or dependent areas that are currently not affiliated with FIFA .
Diminutives of Joseph include : Joe and Joey for males , and Jo for females .
However , its territory did not only grow because of its success in warfare , but it also thrived in times of peace .
Some undemolished remains of one tower of the fort were discovered during excavation for the Métro ( rail mass-transit system ) in 1899 , and were moved to a park ( the Square Henri-Galli ) a few hundred meters away , where they are displayed today .
When Serbia accepted nine of the ten demands but only partially accepted the remaining one , Austria -- Hungary declared war .
Following on from the original 1990 concert , the Three Tenors concerts were held during the Football World Cups : in Los Angeles in 1994 , in Paris in 1998 , and in Yokohama in 2002 .
Genus Neotoma - Pack Rats
Hamhuis played major junior hockey with the Prince George Cougars of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) and was selected 12th overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
Blizzards are formed when a high pressure system , also known as a ridge , interacts with a low pressure system ; this results in the advection of air from the high pressure zone into the low pressure area .
Coalgate is a city in and the county seat of Coal County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Barrie Colts are a junior ice hockey team in Ontario Hockey League , based in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
Discovered in 1855 , it was among the first dinosaurs found in North America .
Popular tourist attractions include the Trapholt art museum and the gardens Geografisk Have .
Poanes niveolimbus ( Mabille , 1889 ) -- Snow-fringed Skipper
For official forecasts , see the NHC 's public advisory archive on Tropical Storm Otto .
January 19 & ndash ; The British East India Company captures Aden .
Manually operated , it fires all 40 mm grenades , less-lethal and non-lethal ammunition , and tear\/irritant gas projectiles ; spent cartridges are ejected for easier reloading .
On February 12 , 2009 it was announced that the Great West Conference would add Delaware State , Howard , and South Carolina State as associate members to compete in a soccer conference with Houston Baptist , NJIT , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Utah Valley beginning with the 2009-2010 school year .
Arsac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The borough is mainly characterised by suburban development with large areas of protected open space .
At the end of the race , the first - , second - , and third-placed drivers take their places on a podium , where they stand as the national anthem of the race winner 's home country and that of his team is played .
The arrangement of type involves the selection of typefaces , point size , line length , leading ( line spacing ) , adjusting the spaces between groups of letters ( tracking ) and adjusting the space between pairs of letters ( kerning ) .
January 23 & ndash ; The Union of Utrecht unites the northern Netherlands in a confederation called the United Provinces .
Berengaria 1 May 1276 6 27 June 1278 Buried at Westminster Abbey .
D.C. United is an American professional soccer club located in Washington , D.C. that participates in Major League Soccer , the United States ' top-tier soccer league .
For example , in the visual system , sensory cells called rod and cone cells in the retina convert the physical energy of light signals into electrical impulses that travel to the brain .
Bernard Walton , voiced by Dave Madden
The band 's fortunes changed when Monkees ' producer Chip Douglas returned to work with them in the studio .
Ricardo Roberto Barreto da Rocha ( born September 11 , 1962 in Recife ) is a former Brazilian footballer , in the central defender position .
Mehdi Mahdavikia ( , born 24 July 1977 in Tehran , Iran ) is a Iranian football player who plays for Eintracht Frankfurt in the German Bundesliga .
Descended from the spoken Arabic brought to Egypt during the seventh-century AD Muslim conquest , its development was influenced by the indigenous Coptic of pre-Islamic Egypt , and later by other languages such as Turkish\/Ottoman Turkish , Italian , French and English .
Manufacture Modern pencils are made industrially by mixing finely ground graphite and clay powders , adding water , forming long spaghetti-like strings , and firing them in a kiln .
These clouds are then carried eastward by prevailing winds and pass over China , North and South Korea , and Japan , as well as parts of the Russian Far East .
Autumn marks the transition from summer into winter usually in September ( Northern Hemisphere ) or March ( Southern Hemisphere ) when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier .
After three subpar games in Weeks 2 -- 4 , Warner was replaced at quarterback by rookie Matt Leinart in the fourth quarter of Week 4 .
The districts of England are a level of subnational division of England used for the purposes of local government .
Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen , and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .
The young Bertrand-Jean Redon acquired the nickname '' Odilon '' from his mother , Odile .
However , their coats are endowed with unusually stiff guard hairs that function similarly to the spines of a hedgehog ; this trait is the source of the common name , spiny mouse .
Lugasson is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Motion may refer to :
During her first two years on the international scene , Asada became known for her signature move , the cross-grab Biellmann position . She is also noted for performing the one-handed Biellmann spin in competition .
Montigny-l ` Allier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Civrac-en-M édoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Western Schism or Papal Schism was a split within the Catholic Church from 1378 to 1417 .
Short-beaked Echidnas feature in the animistic culture of indigenous Australians , including their visual arts and stories .
Her parentage was flexible : for Ovid , she could equally be Pallantis , signifying the daughter of Pallas , '' When Pallantis next gleams in heaven and stars flee ... '' ( Ovid , Fasti iv .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Bhakkar - Government of Pakistan Administration The tehsil of Darya Khan is subdivided into 8 Union Councils .
'' Hate ( I Really Do n't Like You ) '' - 3:47
Aberdeen railway station is the main railway station in Aberdeen , Scotland .
Its capital and largest city is Kielce .
The Fantastic Four is a fictional superhero team appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Discovery and naming Titania was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 ; the same day he discovered Uranus 's second largest moon , Oberon .
Hiroshi Yoshida ( born February 11 , 1958 in Japan ) is a Japanese football manager and former player .
This list also includes other educational institutions providing higher education , meaning tertiary , quaternary , and , in some cases , post-secondary education .
He received his B.A. ( 1954 ) and M.A. ( 1958 ) degrees from the University of California , Berkeley , and his Ph. D. ( 1966 ) from University of California , Los Angeles .
The middle of the 19th century saw The Great Exhibition of 1851 , the first World 's Fair , and showcased the greatest innovations of the century .
It borders on ( clockwise from the North ) the Netherlands , Germany and in Belgium the provinces of Luxembourg , Namur , Walloon Brabant ( Wallonia ) , and those of Flemish Brabant and Limburg ( Flanders ) .
Harrison , McCartney and Starr recorded the rhythm track in 13 takes on 7 July 1969 .
Bubba K. Love -- vocals ( 1992 -- 1993 )
Since the inaugural event , three championship matches have taken place in the main event .
In Hesiod 's Theogony , Nyx is born of Chaos ; her offspring are many , and telling .
Blencoe is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
Mineralization ( geology ) , the hydrothermal deposition of economically important metals in the formation of ore bodies or lodes
The story then moves to 1923 , and while taking great liberties , fictitiously follows the claims of the woman known as Anna Anderson .
It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid , but excessive consumption can be hazardous .
His paternal family , a French Huguenot family , originates in Burgundy , while his grandmother was English-Italian .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
In March 2008 , acting as '' Amara '' in Duas Caras , she learned that she had lung cancer . She was treated surgically by Dr. Drauzio Varella the following month on April 16 , 2008 .
More recently , western linguists have also tended to prefer the Latin alphabet or the International Phonetic Alphabet ( itself largely based on the Latin alphabet ) when transcribing or creating written standards for non-European languages , such as the African reference alphabet .
Around the same time the American cook Fannie Farmer ( Fannie Merritt Farmer 1857 -- 1915 ) was born and having devoted herself to cooking published in 1896 her famous work ` The Boston Cooking School Cookbook ' which contained some 1849 recipes .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
Mika Pohjola was born in Helsinki , Finland , and grew up in the neighboring city of Vantaa .
During his club career he played for A.S. Pro Gorizia , U.S. Triestina Calcio , Vicenza and Torino .
October 22 & ndash ; Pope Benedict XI succeeds Pope Boniface VIII as the 194th pope .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice ( Milly ) and Jessica Ellis ( Becky ) on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody ( 2006 -- 2008 ) .
At the time , it was known as the '' New Negro Movement '' , named after the 1925 anthology The New Negro edited by Alain Locke .
It is a common misconception that TNT and dynamite are the same , or that dynamite contains TNT .
Oberon was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 ; on the same day he discovered Uranus 's largest moon , Titania .
After the franco was abandoned , silver coins were introduced in 1897 in denominations of 10 and 20 centavos , 1/2 and 1 peso .
Melbourne 's first railway line opened in 1854 , when only 20 years earlier Melbourne itself did not exist .
As of December 2009 , 23 of the Wiktionary editions , containing about half of Wiktionary 's entries , have switched to the contest-chosen logo or variations of it . The remaining editions use either their language-specific version of the textual logo or , in the case of the Galician Wiktionary , a logo that depicts a dictionary bearing the Galician coat of arms .
It took him over 20 years to develop a sufficiently rigorous mathematical proof which was published in his Ars Conjectandi ( The Art of Conjecturing ) in 1713 .
The Klingon Language Institute ( KLI ) is an independent organization located in Flourtown , Pennsylvania , USA .
In well-tempered systems ( as used in the time of Johann Sebastian Bach , for example ) , different methods of musical tuning were used .
The river originates in the Black Forest in Germany as the much smaller Brigach and Breg rivers which join at the German town of Donaueschingen .
More complicated work can involve dozens of elements , all combined into a single scene .
Company spokespersons claim that irresponsible customers are the problem , not Tim Hortons .
Observers point to the Explorer 's 1969 expeditionary cruise to Antarctica as the frontrunner for today 's sea-based tourism in that region .
The early part of Vlad 's reign was dominated by the idea of eliminating all possible threats to his power , mainly the rival nobility groups , i.e. the boyars .
They include : the cumulative distribution function , the moments , the cumulants , the characteristic function , the moment-generating function , etc./O.
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television , along with the rest of his family , in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' on April 19 , 1987 .
Soredia ( singular soredium ) are small groups of algal cells surrounded by fungal filaments that form in structures called soralia , from which the soredia can be dispersed by wind .
A second version was released on October 20 , 2009 .
Fluid mechanics is the study of fluids and the forces on them .
This contrasts with civilian sport scuba diving training which tends to be much more casual .
Isogai played for the Japan national football team at the 1995 King Fahd Cup .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km .
The broadcaster shows the event at the same time to everyone ordering it ( as opposed to video-on-demand systems , which allow viewers to see the event at any time ) .
Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay .
Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on August 23 Debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km\/h ) over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean .
Avimimus , meaning '' bird mimic '' ( Latin avis = bird + mimus = mimic ) , was a genus of bird-like maniraptoran dinosaur that lived in the late Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia , around 70 million years ago .
In the morning , the Sun rises roughly in the east ( due east only on the equinoxes ) and tracks upwards .
Quake III Arena is the third in the series and differs from previous games by excluding a traditional single-player element and focusing on multi-player action .
The first European explorer in Connecticut was the Dutch explorer Adriaen Block .
In biology , meiosis ( pronounced ) is a process of reductional division in which the number of chromosomes per cell is cut in half .
The events described there are generally dated to around AD 50 , at the latest some time before the death of James the Just in 62 , and before the First Roman-Jewish War in 66 and destruction of the Second Temple in 70 , both events recorded by Josephus .
Under the '' Law on Territorial Organization and Local Self-Government '' adopted in 1994 , Republika Srpska was divided into 80 municipalities .
It deals with the physical lithologic , or rock type , change both vertically in layering or bedding of varying rock type and laterally reflecting changing environments of deposition , known as facies change .
Wiley expanded the well in the hope of attracting business to his remote desert store ; it was maintained by local ranchers and cattlemen for years afterward .
As a granddaughter of Mary Tudor , Queen of France , the younger sister of King Henry VIII , she had a strong claim to the English throne .
The three placed the extinguished torches of the thirteen eliminated Survivors on the large skull-shaped shelter in the center of the island and burned it in the process .
The list of titles includes Seth Speaks ( 1972 ) ; The Nature of Personal Reality ( 1974 ) ; The Unknown Reality ( 1977-1979 ) , The Nature of the Psyche , Its Human Expression ( 1979 ) ; The Individual and the Nature of Mass Events ( 1981 ) ; and Dreams , Evolution and Value Fulfillment ( 1986 ) .
Miller charged the group US$ 6,000 to produce the songs '' Red Neck Hoe , '' '' Psychopathic , '' '' Fuck Your Rebel Flag , '' and part of '' Night of the Axe . ''
( born 20 December 1948 ) is a Japanese naturalized British classical pianist .
Lautner was raised as a Roman CatholicRolling Stone magazine , December 10 , 2009 -- Issue # 1093 , '' Taylor Lautner 's Wild Ride '' .
She tells Neo that he has '' the gift '' of manipulating the Matrix , but that he is waiting for something , possibly his next life . From her comments , Neo deduces that he is not the One .
Nationally , other popular sports include Australian rules football , horse racing , surfing , football ( soccer ) , and motor racing .
Rejects community input : resists moderation and/or requests for comment , continuing to edit in pursuit of a certain point despite an opposing consensus from impartial editors .
The Big Mac Index was introduced in The Economist in September 1986 by Pam Woodall as a semi-humorous illustration and has been published by that paper annually since then .
A popular writer in her time , her work has received increasing attention from literary critics in recent years .
The club was founded in 1929 and refounded in 2005 .
In the United Kingdom , white Christmases were more common from the 1550s to the 1850s , during the Little Ice Age , but during the 20th Century there were only seven official white Christmases in England .
A number can be symbolic of a player 's legacy , and has resulted in all kinds of superstition .
With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire , it formed the former county of Ayrshire .
Artificial methods For crystallization ( see also recrystallization ) to occur from a solution it must be supersaturated .
The Travelcard is an inter-modal travel ticket for unlimited use on the London Underground , London Overground , Docklands Light Railway , Tramlink , London Buses and National Rail services in the Greater London area .
Retrieved 3 July 2008 In everyday life , gravitation is most commonly thought of as the agency which lends weight to objects with mass .
The resultant public mockery created panic within the medical profession and ruined the careers of several prominent surgeons .
Aarhus has been growing at a steady rate of about 1 % per year since 1950 , when the city had about 150,000 inhabitants .
The start and end times of night vary based on factors such as season , latitude , longitude and timezone .
James Mark Dakin Purnell ( born 2 March 1970 , London ) is a British politician and a former Secretary of State for Work and Pensions .
In 1817 the prefix ` Karolinska ' was added as a reference to the then Swedish king Karl XIII .
The above division govern , in total , 49 districts , 30 county-level cities , 42 counties , and three autonomous counties .
Further to the didactics of literary and dramatic content , Eisenstein taught the technicalities of directing , photography , and editing , while encouraging his students ' development of individuality , expressiveness , and creativity .
The wisent ( ) ( Bison bonasus ) , also known as the European bison , is a species of Eurasian bison .
September & ndash ; Halley 's comet makes an appearance , and is observed by Edmond Halley himself .
The lockout lasted 310 days starting September 16 , 2004 , the day after the collective bargaining agreement ( CBA ) between the NHL and the NHL Players Association ( NHLPA ) that resolved the 1994 -- 95 lockout expired .
Neuhaus am Rennweg is a town in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
Montecito is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Santa Barbara County , California .
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of heat energy that is transformed into work .
He replaced previous drummer , John Silver , in August 1969 .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong .
In 1982 , the Rockies relocated to New Jersey where they are now known as the New Jersey Devils .
Due to inefficiencies such as friction , heat loss , and other factors , thermal engines efficiencies are typically much less than 100 % .
The Collegiate Water Polo Association is a conference of colleges and universities in the Eastern United States that compete in varsity water polo .
It is edited by Niall Stokes .
Syrians can usually comprehend and understand the dialects of most Arabs , especially those who speak any form of Levantine Arabic .
These are special towns that are associated with the Jurassic Coast :
James Hutton MD ( Edinburgh , 3 June 1726 OS ( 14 June 1726 NS ) - 26 March 1797 ) was a Scottish geologist , physician , naturalist , chemist and experimental farmer .
The logs list who made the removal , when , from which page , and a provided comment .
Between 1990 and 1991 the band members went their separate ways .
Then in late 1994 they released a split called Short Bus with Iconoclasts which was released by Big Weenie Records .
The premise of the movie is Chuck is a '' good luck charm '' lover .
Due to the dreadful team performance , Herb Capozzi was fired as the Lions ' General Manager after nine seasons as G.M. and just two years after taking the franchise to consecutive Grey Cup appearances .
This ended abruptly in March 2002 , amidst tabloid press speculation on Spears ' infidelity with choreographer Wade Robson , a mutual friend of Spears and Timberlake .
The word cymbal is derived from the Latin cymbalum , which itself derives from the Greek word kumbalom , meaning a small bowl .
Acknowledged for the quality of her writing , her diary has become one of the world 's most widely read books , and has been the basis for several plays and films .
Hesketh was also nominated for BRIT critics choice in 2009 .
Dr. Clarke was a student and brother-in-law of Dr. Joseph Workman , Superintendent of the Toronto Asylum .
On 12 July 1943 , von dem Bach-Zalewski received command of all anti-partisan actions in Belgium , Belarus , France , the General Government , the Netherlands , Norway , Ukraine , Yugoslavia , and parts of the Bezirk Bialystok .
Mike E. Clark is an American record producer and DJ from Detroit , Michigan .
The story ( a version of which appears in the Hearst-inspired Orson Welles film Citizen Kane ) first appeared in the memoirs of reporter James Creelman in 1901 , and there is no other source for it .
Three of these kinds of quarts remain in current use , all approximately equal to one litre .
DZRH Television or RHTV is a 24-hour cable channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines .
The 1970s proved to be a pivotal period for the anti-nuclear movement in California .
L. Ron Hubbard , the founder of Scientology , became increasingly at odds with psychiatry and in 1969 cofounded the Citizens Commission on Human Rights ( CCHR ) , with Thomas Szasz .
Gravemind reveals to the Arbiter that the Great Journey would destroy Flood , humans , and Covenant together . Gravemind sends the Arbiter and Master Chief to different places to stop Halo 's activation .
Biography Chad Robert Turton ( also known as Chad Robert Kroeger ) was born in Hanna , Alberta on November 15 , 1974 .
This city is the capital of the northwest Region of Murcia .
Under the microscope , lymphocytes can be divided into large granular lymphocytes and small lymphocytes .
Berlin 1970 , ISBN 3-540-04911-8
Likewise , amicability is an important component of popularity , as a person who does not like others is unlikely to be liked by others .
and one from Raw onto the newly created ECW brand .
René Descartes ( ) , ( 31 March 1596 -- 11 February 1650 ) , also known as Renatus Cartesius ( Latinized form ) , was a French philosopher , mathematician , scientist , and writer who spent most of his adult life in the Dutch Republic .
Although rivers and canals often provide passage between two large lakes or a lake and a sea , and these seem to suit the formal definition of straits , they are not usually referred to as such .
It is now probably equally well known as the home of the Eden Project , Aardman Animations , the Glastonbury festival , the Bristol International Balloon Fiesta , trip hop music and also Cornwall 's famous seafood restaurants and surfing beaches .
Fauzy raced in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series for the Cram Competition team .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
There were switchboards directing up to fifty telephone lines that went to various locations including radar stations and VAOC lookout posts which reported aircraft locations to the bunker .
Kapalga Native Industrial Mission was established near the South Alligator River in 1899 , but lasted only four years .
Mackenzie Falls far-fetched and confusing plots parody those of teen dramas and prompt Tawni to ask Chad , '' What is your show even about ?
Their style of music is similar to their compatriots Destruction and Sodom , the other two big German thrash metal bands .
Georgina '' Gina '' McKee ( born 14 April 1964 ) is an English actor known for her television roles in Our Friends in the North ( 1996 ) , The Lost Prince ( 2003 ) and The Forsyte Saga ( 2002 ) ; and her portrayal of Bella in the film Notting Hill ( 1999 ) .
Holst had originally asked Clifford Bax to write the libretto , but Bax declined .
Zombie has also established a successful career as a film director , creating the movies House of 1000 Corpses , The Devil 's Rejects , the 2007 remake of Halloween , its sequel , and The Haunted World of El Superbeasto .
Born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta , Browning is a four-time Canadian figure skating champion and four-time World Champion .
Nulato is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
On April 27 , 1924 the new stadium was inaugurated , located in La Plata 's main park ( '' El Bosque '' , the Forest ) ; it was named Estadio Juan Carlos Zerillo .
Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health , 34 ( 6 ) .
Thus the driver can not lean over in the turns to overcome the centripetal forces , instead , to make sure the sidecar does not flip over , the passenger leans out ( of the sidecar ) as much as possible in the corners .
A sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) , also known as a sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) , or venereal disease ( VD ) , is an illness that has a significant probability of transmission between humans by means of human sexual behavior , including vaginal intercourse , oral sex , and anal sex .
Morocco has a coast on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
Many smaller venues hold '' open mic '' events , where anyone can take the stage and perform for the audience , offering a way for amateur performers to hone their craft and possibly break into professionalism .
Trangé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
A vortex ( plural : vortices ) is a spinning , often turbulent ,
He was ranked the top junior player in the world in 1981 , and in 1982 he won the junior titles at both Wimbledon and the US Open .
While Lisa fails to win the contest , her faith in government is restored .
Crowley referred to this deck as The Book of Thoth , and also wrote a book of that title intended for use with the deck .
( While caffeine-free soft drinks are occasionally referred to as '' decaffeinated '' , some are better termed '' uncaffeinated '' : prepared without adding caffeine during production . ) Despite removal of caffeine , many decaffeinated drinks still have around 1-2 % of the original caffeine remaining in them .
He founded the Gaelic League , one of the most influential cultural organizations in Ireland at the time .
Maine 's original capital was Portland , the largest city in Maine , until it was moved to Augusta in 1832 to make it more central within the state .
Ruth assisted Barthold at his literary agency .
Queen Anne of Great Britain ( 1702 1714 ) .
After completing kindergarten , or pre-school years , children will then have to go through 6 years compulsory of primary education , from ages 7 to 12 .
A complex number can therefore be written as a + b \* i. a is called the Real part of the number , b is called the imaginary part .
In the English language , the word red is associated with the color of blood , certain flowers ( e.g. roses ) , and ripe fruits ( e.g. apples , cherries ) .
Hilary and Kingsley Amis had three children , among them novelist Martin Amis , who wrote the memoir Experience about the life and decline of his father .
With a population of 3,100 , it is South Greenland 's most populous town and the fourth most populated town in Greenland .
Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A dissident , broadly defined , is a person who actively challenges an established doctrine , policy , or institution .
Two years later , they did the same for the movie version of Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Since the first generation of the SEAT Ibiza launched in 1984 , more than 4 million SEAT Ibiza cars have been sold in its four generations up to the present .
Fay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The Yucatan Channel between Mexico and Cuba links the Gulf of Mexico with the Caribbean .
The state also holds many hydroelectric power plants , including Furnas .
Antonio Cabrini ( born 8 October 1957 ) is an Italian football former player .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars (/O1978/O) and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple (/O1994/O) .
Threats The main threat to the Palos Verdes blue has been habitat destruction due to weeds and rototilling , which has negative effects on the essential larval foodplants .
The Strokes are an American rock band formed in 1999 in New York City .
With the decline of the Second Bulgarian Empire ( 1185 -- 1396\/1422 ) , Bulgarian territories came under Ottoman rule for nearly five centuries .
At present there are 2 main types of robots , based on their use : general-purpose autonomous robots and dedicated robots .
Two regions are called adjacent only if they share a border segment , not just a point .
Clenleu is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
Théodore Géricault ( 26 September 1791 & ndash ; 26 January 1824 ) was a profoundly influential French artist , painter and lithographer , known for The Raft of the Medusa and other paintings .
The result was often a merger of the two into a '' district '' ( e.g. Rotorua ) or a change of name to '' district ' ( e.g. Waimairi ) or '' city '' ( e.g. Manukau City ) .
Sacramento County is governed by an elected five-member Sacramento County Board of Supervisors according to the Sacramento County Charter and the Sacramento County Code .
The Qur ' an ( pronounced ; , literally '' the recitation '' ) is the religious text of Islam , From the article on the Quran in Oxford Islamic Studies Online also sometimes transliterated as Quran , Kuran , Koran , Qur ' n , Coran or al-Qur ' n. Muslims believe the Qur ' an to be the verbal divine guidance and moral direction for mankind .
The King Vulture , Sarcoramphus papa , is a large bird found in Central and South America .
Numerous smaller islands make up a part of Haiti 's total territory .
Dianic Wicca , a largely feminist form of the practice , is named for her .
Tutors in British and Irish secondary schools In English and Irish secondary schools , form tutors are given the responsibilities of a form or class of students in a particular year group ( up to 30 students ) .
Characters and features The Boohbahs The Boohbahs are five furry , gumdrop-shaped creatures played by actors in full body costumes .
The song utilises a wholly punk rock-style , built up with many different sections , and the tempo is noticeably faster than other Bloc Party songs .
On 18 February 1895 , the Marquess left his calling card at Wilde 's club , the Albemarle , inscribed : '' For Oscar Wilde , posing somdomite '' .
At the top of the stairs , the horizontal portion of the railing is called a '' over easing '' .
The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions , but only 9 became storms .
Both were Democratic , both were sympathetic to labor and immigrants ( a sharp contrast to publishers like the New York Tribune 's Whitelaw Reid , who blamed their poverty on moral defects ) , and both invested enormous resources in their Sunday publications , which functioned like weekly magazines , going beyond the normal scope of daily journalism .
Each game 's plot usually involves the mysterious Monkey Island and its impenetrable secrets .
A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed .
The Logo Music was composed by Academy award winner Hans Zimmer .
Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) is a German opera company .
However , this letter was a criticism of the Society of the Cincinnati , and never mentions the choice of the Bald Eagle for the Great Seal of the United States .
After a moment of confusion , Oliver is then received a warm welcome .
In the latter case the sender monitors the channel , and when idle , transmits with a probability p , and so on .
Dhatki , also known as Dhati or Thari , is a language of the Rajasthani macrolanguage , of the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European language family .
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 581 to 549 B.C. Titsingh , Isaac (/O1834/O) .
Albert King , Buddy Guy , and Luther Allison had a West Side style that was dominated by amplified electric lead guitar .
In 2007 Caliban recorded their album The Awakening with producer Benny Richter and it was released in Germany on May 25 .
Roberto Mancini ( born 27 November 1964 ) is an Italian football manager , formerly an international player and current manager of English Premier League team Manchester City .
He was defeated for re-election in 2009 by Republican Chris Christie .
The Swaziland national football team , nicknamed Sihlangu Semnikati ( King 's Shield ) , is the national team of Swaziland and is controlled by the National Football Association of Swaziland .
Antioch became the capital and court-city of the western Seleucid empire under Antiochus I , its counterpart in the east being Seleucia on the Tigris ; but its paramount importance dates from the battle of Ancyra ( 240 BC ) , which shifted the Seleucid center of gravity from Asia Minor , and led indirectly to the rise of Pergamum .
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Susie Derkins , the only important character with both a first and last name , is a classmate of Calvin 's who lives on his street .
Michael Kanellos , Hello Kitty 's guide to business success History Sanrio was founded by Shintaro Tsuji as the Yamanashi Silk Company in 1960 , using 1 million yen in capital .
The program was initially distributed as shareware until NaN went bankrupt in 2002 .
Division leaders are automatically ranked 1 -- 3 .
Albert Camus ( ) ( 7 November 1913 -- 4 January 1960 ) was a French author , philosopher , and journalist who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1957 .
The Métis spoke or still speak either Métis French or a mixed language called Michif .
Social distinctions may be based only on common utility .
Similar tracing techniques have allowed obsidian to be identified in Greece also as coming from Melos , Nisyros or Yiali , islands in the Aegean Sea .
The Catholic Encyclopedia : Mithraism Sol Invictus continued to be associated with Mithras and the Mithraic Mysteries thereafter .
O'Kelly joined the National Library of Ireland in 1898 as a junior assistant .
Build things for the use of the whole group , such as roads , water works , etc./O.
No aircraft carrier was operational , as German leadership lost interest in the which had been launched in 1938 .
The following year , the event was rebranded as a pay-per-view .
Dufour started playing guitar at the age of fifteen .
John Dawson '' Johnny '' Winter III ( born February 23 , 1944 ) is an American blues guitarist , singer and producer .
In 1964 PIA became the first airline from a non-communist country to fly to the People 's Republic of China .
Aaron Rodgers currently holds the NFL record for the highest career passer rating for any player with at least 1,500 attempts , with a mark of 98.4 . The highest passer rating for a complete season is 121.1 set by Peyton Manning in 2004 ( Manning also has completed four games with a perfect passer rating , another NFL record ) .
Cristiano Lucarelli ( born 4 October 1975 in Livorno , Italy ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A side Livorno , his hometown club .
The Germans called this '' the final solution to the Jewish question ... '' from the Hebrew for '' destruction '' ) , was the genocide of approximately six million European Jews during World War II , a program of systematic state-sponsored extermination by Nazi Germany .
The government approved construction of the Tsuen Wan Line in 1977 , then known as the Tsuen Wan Extension , and works commenced in November 1978 .
This idea extends to philosophy as well , in various degrees , such that science and philosophy are said to form a continuum , according to this view .
He has been working at the group Leaderships Art at the University of Leiden since 1984 .
The licence was originally known as a radio licence .
The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius , a follower of Descartes , believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes , and that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer .
She at one point had a piercing on her left eyebrow , which is visible on the cover of Fallen .
The primary greenhouse gases in the Earth 's atmosphere are water vapor , carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide , and ozone .
-- )
Major industries included coal mining , textiles , engineering , and cement production , but heavy industry is in decline , being replaced by distribution centres , light to medium industry , and services .
It is the world 's most widely used system of measurement , both in everyday commerce and in science .
Goldblum 's strong supporting roles include those in Invasion of the Body Snatchers (/O1978/O) , The Big Chill (/O1983/O) , Into the Night (/O1985/O) , Jurassic Park (/O1993/O) , and he also had strong supporting roles in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (/O2004/O) and the cult films The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the Eighth Dimension (/O1984/O) and Igby Goes Down (/O2002/O) .
Saint-Gervais-de-Vic is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Bargh Shiraz Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shiraz , Iran .
Thomas West , 2nd Baron West ( d. 1415 )
Savonarola became a Dominican friar in 1475 , during the Italian Renaissance , and entered the monastery of San Domenico in Bologna .
The bishop of Madrid where Opus Dei was born , Leopoldo Eijo y Garay , supported Opus Dei and defended it in the 1940s by saying that '' this opus is truly Dei '' ( this work is truly God 's ) .
In these lenses the optical center lies outside of its physical construction , such that the entire lens assembly is between the optical center and the focal plane .
Some other lesser known claimants were Nadezhda Ivanovna Vasilyeva and Eugenia Smith .
In '' The Spirit World ( Winter Solstice , Part 1 ) '' , Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village ; instead of fighting the spirit , Aang negotiates .
Judgment Day (/O2009/O) , a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , took place on May 17 , 2009 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Meowth , known as in original Japanese language versions , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
Battle of Kirina : Mandinka prince Sundiata Keita defeats Sosso king Soumaoro Kanté , beginning the Mali Empire .
Elam was an ancient civilization located in what is now southwest Iran .
Reigning as Duke Carl Eduard , or Charles Edward , under the regency of the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg until he came of age in 1905 , the new duke also continued to use his British title , Duke of Albany . As a result of Charles Edward fighting for Germany against the British in the First World War , he was stripped of his British titles in 1919 .
She now has a younger brother , Cade .
La Salvia-Los Quemados
Thou art the everlasting Son : of the Father .
Morsain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This small population size is what has made them be listed as critically endangered .
Richard Sharpe is the central character in Bernard Cornwell 's Sharpe series of historical fiction stories .
Calgary first tried to win a bid for the Winter Olympics in 1964 , and again in 1968 but were defeated by Innsbruck , Austria , and Grenoble , France , respectively .
British composer John Rutter has composed two settings of this hymn , one entitled Te Deum and the other Winchester Te Deum .
The Pawnee considered eagles as symbols of fertility because their nests are built high off the ground and because they fiercely protect their young .
He was part of the West German team that won the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Substituting for petroleum fuels other liquids made from biomass or wastes ( pp .
A voluntary association or union ( also sometimes called a voluntary organization , unincorporated association , or just an association ) is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement as volunteers to form a body ( or organization ) to accomplish a purpose .
Dormice live in small family groups , with home ranges that vary widely between species , and depending on the availability of food .
They are particularly known for their long periods of hibernation .
It is the third oldest Australian Rules football club ( after the Melbourne Football Club and the Castlemaine Football Club ) .
In the episode , Homer gets an illegal cable hook-up .
Abram Games , Graphic Designer : Maximum Meaning , Minimum Means , London : Lund Humphries .
During the United States 2000 Census , 385,488 Americans indicated either full or partial Armenian ancestry .2000 American Census presents official data from the 2000 U.S. Census ( including state-by-state data ) , which states that there are 385,488 people of Armenian ancestry currently living in the United States .
He became the youngest driver to have ever won the championship at 19 years and 2 months .
N.B. was not released in North America , but six tracks from it were included with seven new ones and released in 2008 as Pocketful of Sunshine , with the singles '' Love Like This '' and '' Pocketful of Sunshine '' earning success on the charts . In December 2010 , Bedingfield released her third album in North America named Strip Me .
A common and desirable exit strategy for an extremely successful video game developer is to sell the company to a publisher , and thus become an in-house developer .
Furious , Jean lifts and destroys her family 's house and engages in a psychic battle with Xavier , whom she overpowers and telekinetically tears apart before leaving with Magneto .
It is situated on the banks of the Kama River , in the European part of Russia near the Ural Mountains .
First performed on 14 February 1895 at St. James 's Theatre in London , it is a farcical comedy in which the protagonists maintain fictitious personae in order to escape burdensome obligations .
Another generalization , called complete induction ( or strong induction or course of values induction ) , says that in the second step we may assume not only that the statement holds for n = m but also that it is true for all n less than or equal to m/O. In complete induction it is not necessary to list the base case as a separate assumption .
For other sorts of college football , see College football ( disambiguation ) .
Professor Robert Broom ( 30 November 1866 , Paisley - 6 April 1951 ) was a South African doctor and paleontologist .
Linus Carl Pauling ( February 28 , 1901 - August 19 , 1994 ) was an American chemist , peace activist , author and educator .
A final violent confrontation with police took place at Glenrowan on 28 June 1880 .
Rogers moved back to the United States the following year , but Coombs decided to stay in Canada , joining a new show called Butternut Square .
This sometimes left the study of human thought and society in a linguistic limbo , which has today been resolved by classifying these areas of study as the social sciences .
In Japan , the character is known as and bears the title of .
In Paris , Cézanne met the Impressionist Camille Pissarro .
During their stay , they become fascinated with the newest exhibit : a beautiful statue of an angel , suspected to have been crafted by Michelangelo .
The original lineup of W.A.S.P. was formed in Los Angeles , California in 1982 by Blackie Lawless , Rik Fox , Randy Piper and Tony Richards .
The package 's migration to testing occurs only if no serious ( release-critical ) bugs in the package are reported and if other software needed for package functionality qualifies for inclusion in testing .
Estevelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It slowly acquired tropical characteristics , and late on December 10 , the NHC declared it Subtropical Storm Olga while just north of Puerto Rico .
Fahrwangen is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The process was originally conceived as a way of preventing wine and beer from souring .
Habitation The scientific bases of Scott Base ( New Zealand ) and McMurdo Station ( USA ) currently form the only permanently occupied human habitations in the area unless one includes the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station at the very edge of the territory .
Saint-L éonard - des-Bois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Prominent architects Francis Petre , Edmund Anscombe , and Robert Lawson all lived and worked in Dunedin .
Rome reacted to this apparent violation of the treaty and demanded justice from Carthage .
Paleothyris was a small , agile , anapsid reptile which lived in the Middle Pennsylvanian epoch in Nova Scotia ( approximately 312 to 304 million years ago ) .
Halle is the largest city in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt .
In 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , THY carried 17 million , 19.7 million and 22.5 million passengers with total revenues of US$ 2.23 , US$ 3.0 and US$ 4.5 billion , respectively .
It was named by geologist Andrew Lawson who also named the San Andreas Fault which bounds the Franciscan Assemblage .
In mathematics , the fundamental theorem of algebra states that every non-constant single-variable polynomial with complex coefficients has at least one complex root .
Battle of Fort Negro
Sweyn Forkbeard 's nickname , which was probably used during his lifetime , unlike many royal nicknames , refers to a pitchfork-style moustache which was fashionable at the time , particularly in England , where Sweyn may have picked up the idea .
George Roger Waters ( born 6 September 1943 ) is an English musician , singer-songwriter and composer .
In 1950 he resumed his career as conductor and cellist at the Prades Festival in Conflent , organized in commemoration of the bicentenary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach ; Casals agreed to participate on condition that all proceeds were to go to a refugee hospital in nearby Perpignan .
Meanwhile , the LDS Church has become a proponent of monogamy and patriotism , has extended its reach internationally by a vigorous missionary program , and has grown in size to nearly 14 million members .
Larger reciprocating compressors well over 1000 h are commonly found in large industrial and petroleum applications .
Kim Griest - Laura Seaver
Sulfur compounds are chemical compounds that contain the chemical element sulfur .
The canal today forms the main water flow of the Shoalhaven River .
due to its long construction process , several styles were used in different parts of the cathedral , particularly the Romanesque and Gothic ones .
Jews in Arab countries wrote -- sometimes in their dialects , sometimes in a more classical style -- in a mildly adapted Hebrew script ( rather than using Arabic script ) , often including consonant dots from the Arabic alphabet to accommodate phonemes that did not exist in the Hebrew alphabet .
Sentosa , which translates to peace and tranquility in Malay , is a popular island resort in Singapore , visited by some five million people a year .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
It is bordered by the provinces of Valencia to the south , Teruel to the west , Tarragona to the north , and by the Mediterranean Sea to the east .
Seyss-Inquart was an unwavering anti-Semite : within a few months of his arrival in the Netherlands , he took measures to remove Jews from government , the press and leading positions in industry .
The track featured Daniel Stern playing guitar and was produced by Lavigne and Don Gilmore and written by Lavigne and Ben Moody , formerly Evanescence guitarist and Lavigne 's then-current good friend .
It was established in Sweden in 1674 .
About 7,500 people were affected , and damage totaled over 100 million pesos ( 2005 MXN , $ 9.3 million 2005 USD , $ 10.3 million 2008 USD ) .
Chiapas has an area of about .
The southeastern state of South Carolina is nicknamed the Palmetto State after the Cabbage Palmetto , logs from which were used to build the fort at Fort Moultrie .
Physical Implementation -- physical circuits are drawn out , the different circuit components are placed in a chip floorplan or on a board and the wires connecting them are routed .
June 11 -- July 11 - 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
The Roscoe Wind Farm in Roscoe , Texas , owned and operated by E. ON Climate & Renewables is the world 's largest wind farm ( as of October 2009 ) with 627 wind turbines and a total installed capacity of 781.5 MW , which surpasses the nearby 735.5 MW Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center .
The show also received an Environmental Media Award for '' The Problem With Popplers '' .
It is a superstition most common in East Asian regions such as China , Japan , Korea , and Taiwan .
Champ-du-Boult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Atlantic Beach , a city in Duval County , Florida , is the northernmost of the Jacksonville Beaches communities .
Marine angelfish are perciform fish of the family Pomacanthidae .
KML is an international standard of the Open Geospatial Consortium .
The Gits were an American punk rock band , formed in in 1986 .
Stockwell tube station is a London Underground station complex in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth .
Wikipedia is not a collection of links ; nor should it be used as a platform for advertising or promotion , and doing so is contrary to the goals of this project .
Mass production of oil began around 1945 , with Saudi Arabia , Iran , Kuwait , Iraq , and the United Arab Emirates having large quantities of oil .
Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn ( See inogolo : pronunciation of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn .
Ebisu ( , , , ) , also transliterated Yebisu or called Hiruko ( ) or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami ( ) , is the Japanese god of fishermen , good luck , and workingmen , as well as the guardian of the health of small children .
Brave is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Jennifer Lopez , released on October 4 , 2007 by Epic Records .
Elastic deformation This type of deformation is reversible .
Rosberg races under the German flag in Formula One .
Of the two , the Bantu now occupy a more northerly position than their neighbors , and are practically the most northerly representatives of that race ( Hobley ) .
SimplyMEPIS , the most popular MEPIS variant , is designed for everyday desktop and laptop computing .
They did not , however , have the typographic ability or flexibility required for complicated book layout , graphics , mathematics , or advanced hyphenation and justification rules ( H and J ) .
Other notably popular characters through the years have been The Little Twin Stars ( created by Mr. Tsuji himself ) , My Melody , Keroppi , Tuxedo Sam , Badtz-Maru , Kuromi , Charmmy Kitty , Pochacco , Chococat , and Cinnamoroll .
Creighton University is a private , coeducational , Jesuit , Roman Catholic university located in Omaha , Nebraska .
Viktor Baturinsky wrote '' Now came Botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' ( this statement referred to Botvinnik 's 1951 title defense ) .
Mauro Esposito ( born 13 June 1979 in Torre del Greco , Campania ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Atletico Roma FC , mainly as a right winger .
He was the son of Tokugawa Mitsusada , the grandson of Tokugawa Yorinobu , and the great-grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu .
Each animated piece , either character or background , is '' deformable '' -- made of a malleable substance , usually Plasticine clay .
The Golden Hamster Saga is a series of books written by German author Dietlof Reiche , and translated by John Brownjohn .
It appears to be the best tracked object in this region with at least five probable sightings in the period till late 2005 .
Link then defeats Agahnim in battle but is subsequently also sent to the Dark World .
Rocques is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie région of France .
The rules for the Tony Awards are set forth in the official document '' Rules and Regulations of The American Theatre Wing 's Tony Awards '' , which applies for each season only .
A live version is also included on ' .
Owned by Cox Enterprises , the station has studios in the Summer Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh .
Another organ is the 1905 organ ( installed in 1906 ) built by Fritz Haerpfer , following a design by Albert Schweitzer .
Founded in its present form in 1818 , as the linear successor of earlier academic institutions , the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany .
Sudeley Castle is a castle located near Winchcombe , Gloucestershire , England .
Salazar studied at the Viseu Seminary from 1900 to 1914 and considered becoming a priest , but changed his mind .
During her lifetime , Austen 's novels brought her little personal fame ; like many women writers , she chose to publish anonymously and it was only among members of the aristocracy that her authorship was an open secret .
In the system of Greek numerals lambda has a value of 30 .
Robert W. Niedermayer , Jr. ( born December 28 , 1974 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League .
Sulphur Springs is a city in Hopkins County , Texas , in the United States .
October 16 & ndash ; Antipope Nicholas V
With these definitions the multiset written as { a , a , b } is defined as ( { a , b } , { ( a , 2 ) , ( b , 1 ) } ) , and the multiset { a , b } is defined as ( { a , b } , { ( a , 1 ) , ( b , 1 ) } ) .
The first event occurred on the morning of 6 August 1945 , when the United States dropped a uranium gun-type device code-named '' Little Boy '' on the Japanese city of Hiroshima .
Calgary Flames -- 94 points
After Gothic Plague came Fixed Penalty , and after that , Rocket Baby Dolls .
The Space Race effectively began after the Soviet launch of Sputnik 1 on October 4 , 1957 .
In sports , gymnastics , figure skating , and synchronized swimming are dance disciplines while martial arts '' kata '' are often compared to dances .
Maya Ying Lin ( born October 5 , 1959 ) is an American artist who is known for her work in sculpture and landscape art .
CBeebies is a television channel produced by the BBC aimed at children 6 years and under .
As the Witch fights Peter , Aslan arrives and kills her .
Haisnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
At Starrcade 1995 , Guerrero represented WCW in a WCW vs. NJPW World Cup tournament .
Security ( album ) , a 1982 studio album by Peter Gabriel
SAS currently supports point data transfer speeds up to 3 Gbit/s , but is expected to reach 12 Gbit/s by the year 2012 .
Piper teaches that God has only one covenant people , mostly believing Jews in the Old Testament , and now that relationship has been superseded by the Church .
-
locally milled oatmeal which is sold around the world
Nouvion-le-Vineux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They have sold nearly 100 million records worldwide .
The sixth installment in the overall series story , the game was developed by Nintendo Research & Development 1 ( Nintendo R&D 1 ) , and published by Nintendo in North America in November 1991 , in Japan in January 1992 , and in Europe in May 1992 .
Prue , the eldest , had the power of telekinesis -- the ability to move objects with her mind .
Josephus also reported a thriving fishing industry at this time , with 230 boats regularly working in the lake .
The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences ( OEIS ) , also cited simply as Sloane 's , is an online database of integer sequences , created and maintained by N. J. A. Sloane , a researcher at AT&T Labs .
Ilian Stoyanov ( ) ( born January 20 , 1977 ) is a Bulgarian football player .
He released a series of videos under the CKY banner and came to prominence after being drafted into MTV 's Jackass crew .
The highest point in Johor is Gunung Ledang ( 1276 m ) .
Sulfur , in its native form , is a bright yellow crystalline solid .
Makes persistent installs to save all documents created and modifications made to the system
A member of the G8 group of leading industrialised countries , and it is ranked as the fifth largest economy by nominal GDP .
Pago Pago ( in English , but by native Samoan speakers , or Pango PangoPango Pango at Answers.com , is the capital of American Samoa .
For education in the area , see the London Borough of Islington article .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
In 1987 , the office of Alabama Attorney General Don Siegelman issued an opinion in which the Battle Flag derivation is repeated , but concluded that the proper shape is rectangular , as it had been depicted numerous times in official publications and reproductions .
The tagline adopted for promoting tourism in Tamil Nadu is Enchanting Tamil Nadu .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
December 25 on that calendar currently corresponds to January 7 on the more widely used Gregorian calendar .
The university is the state 's land grant university , and the flagship university of the Colorado State University System .
He entered the Royal Academy of Music in London in 1971 .
The Bald Eagle ( Haliaeetus leucocephalus ) is a bird of prey found in North America .
This common and conspicuous species has given rise to a number of literary and cultural references , frequently related to its song .
With an area of , and bordered on the east by the Adriatic and on the west by the Apennines , it is one of the most mountainous regions in Italy ( the Corno Grande in the Gran Sasso massif , at , is the highest summit in the Apennines ) .
They wear mask of black mesh with a bib .
It is carved from an oolitic limestone that is not local to the area , and tinted with red ochre .
Lampwick is a naughty boy Pinocchio meets and befriends on his way to Pleasure Island .
They are accepted as canonical and translated as such in Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Bibles .
Overview It was contested by 6 teams , and Al-Ahli Football Club - Dubai won the championship .
Omaha hold 'em ( or Omaha holdem or simply Omaha ) is a community card poker game similar to Texas hold 'em , where each player is dealt four cards and must make his best hand using exactly two of them , plus exactly three of the five community cards .
Events Saint Bernard of Clairvaux preaches the Second Crusade at Vezelay , Burgundy .
_ Odd .
Moody wrote a second book , Reflections on Life After Life ( ISBN 0817714233 ) , in 1977 .
Boston was the largest town in British North America until Philadelphia grew larger in the mid-18th century .
Delacroix produced a second painting in support of the Greeks in their war for independence , this time referring to the capture of Messolonghi by Turkish forces in 1825 .
Topography has recently become an additional synonym , though in many parts of the world it retains its original more general meaning of description of place .
The Congo gets its name from the ancient Kingdom of Kongo which inhabited the lands at the mouth of the river .
The Avoirdupois system of weights and measures is introduced to England and Wales .
The Klein bottle was first described in 1882 by the German mathematician Felix Klein .
It is the first Plain White T 's album to be released on Hollywood Records along with Fearless Records .
By 1985 the development of Baroque instruments and the technique of the players was such that the LBS choir was able to perform the St Matthew Passion with a complete orchestra of period instruments and this they did for the opening concert of the 1985 Bath International Music Festival in Wells Cathedral and later in 1987 at Westminster Abbey , the latter being the last time Steinitz conducted the work .
History Already in the year 124 AD , there was a Roman bridge over the Thur at Weinfelden .
The tenth tropical depression of the 1979 season formed on July 28 south of where TD Nine formed a week before .
Xenophanes of Colophon ( Ancient Greek : ; c. 570 - c. 475 BC ) was a Greek philosopher , theologian , poet , and social and religious critic .
Sunderland was put under quarantine , and the port was blockaded , but in December of that year the disease spread to Gateshead and from there , it rapidly made its way across the country , killing an estimated 32,000 people .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
If a trademark has been registered , then it is much easier for the trademark owner to demonstrate its trademark rights and to enforce these rights through an infringement action .
This effect is called electroluminescence and the color of the light is determined by the energy gap of the semiconductor .
Events By Place Roman Empire A group of Franks penetrate as far as Tarragona in Spain ( approximate date ) .
Arms trafficking Arms trafficking has become a significant problem in the Russian Federation following the disintegration of the Soviet Union .
Metz is a city in the northeast of France , capital of the Lorraine region and prefecture of the Moselle department .
Bring Me the Horizon are a British metalcore band from Sheffield , Yorkshire , who formed in 2004 .
In 1970 , Eastman joined the Center for the Creative and Performing Arts at SUNY Buffalo , where he met the Czech-born composer , conductor , and flutist Petr Kotik .
Entertainment Weekly ( A - ) link
Sidecar-cross racing , also known as sidecar motocross , is very similar to regular , '' solo '' motocross but with a different type of motorcycle chassis , and with a team of two people riding together instead of one , a '' driver '' and a '' passenger '' .
Hokkaido prefectural government runs Sapporo Medical University , a medical school in Sapporo .
In Greek mythology , Agamemnon ( '' very resolute '' ) / ( ancient Greek : ) is the son of King Atreus of Mycenae and Queen Aerope , the brother of Menelaus and the husband of Clytemnestra ; different mythological versions make him the king either of Mycenae or of Argos .
Piper underwent successful surgery on February 14 , 2006 .
Spermicide is a substance that kills sperm , inserted vaginally prior to intercourse to prevent pregnancy .
Injective hull of a module
CAPTAIN CAPITALIZE : he speaks only in capital letters ; this is a reference to bad netiquette .
Kenji Hada ( born June 27 , 1981 ) is a Japanese professional footballer .
Curt Stern ( August 30 , 1902 & ndash ; October 23 , 1981 ) was a German-born American geneticist .
On October 6 , 2010 , in his first post-season start , Halladay threw the second no-hitter in MLB postseason history ( Don Larsen 's perfect game in the 1956 World Series being the first ) against the Cincinnati Reds in Game 1 of the 2010 NLDS .
Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It is the direct sequel to 2003 's Survivor 's Law ( ) .
The word '' pixel '' was first published in 1965 by Frederic C. Billingsley of JPL , to describe the picture elements of video images from space probes to the Moon and Mars . However , Billingsley did not coin the term himself .
Rusty Anderson ( born January 20 , 1959 in La Habra , California ) is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and music producer .
Kiel ( ) is the capital and most populous city of the northern German state Schleswig-Holstein , with a population of over 237,000 (/O2009/O) .
The kingdom of the Cheras comprised the modern state of Kerala , along the western or Malabar Coast of southern India .
Going into his second season in 2008 , Whisenhunt made the decision to go with veteran quarterback Kurt Warner as his starter .
It was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence a change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender ( s ) playing for the team with the fewest goals against .
Poanes is a genus of skippers ( family Hesperiidae ) distributed throughout North and Central America .
Six airworthy Space Shuttle orbiters have been built ; the first , Enterprise , was not built for orbital space flight , and was used only for testing purposes .
The University of Texas at Austin and Texas A&M University are flagship universities of the state of Texas .
The next night , August 21 , 1935 at the Palomar Ballroom in Los Angeles , Goodman and his band began a three-week engagement .
It was the 23rd annual SummerSlam event and six matches took place .
This is just one-tenth the solid angle subtended by the full moon as viewed from Earth , smaller than a 1 mm-by-1 mm square of paper held 1 meter away , and equal to roughly one thirteen-millionth of the total area of the sky .
Keane appear coming out of a studio and taking a taxi .
There is a large body of music for solo piano , including 21 complete sonatas and many short dances , and a relatively large set of works for piano duet .
Most drinks that are Ginger Ale come in a green can .
He is the brother of actor Ralph Fiennes , filmmakers Sophie Fiennes and Martha Fiennes , composer Magnus Fiennes and his twin brother Jacob Fiennes , a conservationist .
Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Another important distinction is that lenses designed for macro are usually at their sharpest at macro focus distances and are not quite as sharp at other focus distances .
Kidsreads raved , '' Rick Riordan 's Olympian adventures have gained great popularity thanks to their combination of humor , adventure and a winning hero ... Readers who are familiar with ancient mythology will enjoy Riordan 's tongue-in-cheek approach ; those who are n't just might be tempted to go to the original sources to learn more . ''
Berwickshire was formerly one of the ancient counties of Scotland , but was abolished in 1975 during local government reorganisation .
The GLA is different from the Corporation of the City of London with its largely ceremonial Lord Mayors , which controls only the square mile of the City , London 's chief financial centre .
Optical fibers can be used as sensors to measure strain , temperature , pressure and other quantities by modifying a fiber so that the quantity to be measured modulates the intensity , phase , polarization , wavelength or transit time of light in the fiber .
The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state , aristocracy and church .
FDP sometimes requires retesting using slightly higher or lower doses .
It is currently the largest annual pilgrimage in the world , Atlas of Holy Places , p. 29 and is the fifth pillar of Islam , a religious duty that must be carried out at least once in their lifetime by every able-bodied Muslim who can afford to do so .
GNU Parted ( the name being the conjunction of the two words PARTion and EDitor ) is a free partition editor , used for creating , destroying , resizing , checking , and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
He was a member of the Tunisian national team and scored 2 goals at 1998 African Cup of Nations in Burkina Faso .
University of Advancing Technology , Tempe
In probability theory and statistics , the chi-square distribution ( also chi-squared or ) with k degrees of freedom is the distribution of a sum of the squares of k independent standard normal random variables . It is one of the most widely used probability distributions in inferential statistics , e.g. in hypothesis testing or in construction of confidence intervals .
Back at camp , Stephenie tried to pull the Koror girls into a female alliance , but Caryn spilled the plot to the men .
As of August 2010 , eight volumes have been released .
They are signed to Virgin Records and released their debut single , '' Wannabe '' , in 1996 .
Fan Club The official fan club of Mr. Children is called Father & Mother , the title being derived from their name .
Mitocu Dragomirnei is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
His father died in 1859 and he inherited the Avondale estate .
Henry Clay , Sr. ( April 12 , 1777 -- June 29 , 1852 ) , was a nineteenth-century American statesman and orator who represented Kentucky in both the Senate and the House of Representatives , where he served as Speaker .
Probably also implementations of RFC 2810 , RFC 2811 , RFC 2812 , RFC 2813 , and possibly IRCX .
He was too late : Metis had already conceived .
The hour glass and radiated stars are taken from the arms of the Metropolitan Borough of Greenwich and symbolise the position of the borough as the place from which the standard of time is taken .
Adobe expects to provide 64-bit versions of its Flash Player for Windows , Macintosh and Linux with an upcoming major release of Adobe Flash Player .
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters ( IBT ) is a labor union in the United States and Canada .
It is equal to the mass of the Sun , about two nonillion kilograms or about 332,950 times the mass of the Earth or 1,048 times the mass of Jupiter .
During the group 's promotions , members Jessica , Tiffany and Seohyun were also featured on a mini-album released by Roommate , a one-man band from Purple Communication . The mini-album was titled Roommate : Emotional Band Aid , and was released on December 1 , 2008 .
Even if the host develops antibodies , the human immune system is not perfect and in any case the immune system might still not be able to defeat the infection .
` Pelycosaurs ' make up a paraphyletic grouping of the six most primitive families of synapsids . They were all rather lizard-like with sprawling gait and possibly horny scutes .
The core duty of a CEO is to facilitate business outside of the company while guiding employees and other executive officers towards a central objective .
Super OS ( formerly : Super Ubuntu ) is a freely-available Linux distribution .
Sir Henry Bruce Lefroy KCMG ( 24 March 1854 -- 19 March 1930 ) was the eleventh Premier of Western Australia .
Nova Bus is a bus manufacturer in North America , owned by Volvo Buses , and headquartered in Saint-Eustache , Quebec , Canada .
She wanted to perform from a very early age and began singing and dancing in her hometown and other local areas at community events and shows .
It is the eighth largest moon of Jupiter and is named after the mother by Zeus of the giant Tityus .
This means either that striped equids zebras evolved more than once , or that common ancestors of zebras and asses were striped and only zebras retained the stripes .
The building is 743 feet ( 226 m ) high and 54 floors .
With the Reconquista in full swing after the conquest of Cordoba in 1236 , the Nasrids aligned themselves with Ferdinand III of Castile , officially becoming a tributary state in 1238 .
Deletion and oversight may be used in appropriate cases to remove the information .
The City of Adams is located within the town .
Nolan is best known for directing the psychological thriller Memento and for reviving the Batman film franchise as the director of Batman Begins ( 2005 ) and The Dark Knight ( 2008 ) , for which he has received considerable acclaim , especially for the latter .
Samuel Adams ( -- October 2 , 1803 ) was an American statesman , political philosopher , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
There are about 90 million rod cells in the human retina .
Genestrerio was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
A typical scale for a terrestrial globe is roughly 1:40 million .
The crucifixion is necessary to Christianity .
+ channels ( In early IRCds , these were simply named channels .
Andrés Cantor , Spanish-language soccer announcer
True annuals will only live longer than a year if they are prevented from setting seed .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Miami Heat .
French troops landed on Elba on June 17 , 1944 , liberating the island from the Germans .
The motorway is 193 m long and was constructed in four phases .
It also operates domestic scheduled services and long-haul scheduled services to North America and South America .
Iron Age During the Iron Age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
If Mario tries to beat them and loses , the ship will move around the world .
Varazdat ( , Latinized as Varasdates ) was an Armenian prince who succeeded his uncle King Pap as King of Armenia in 374 .
The White Rhinoceros or Square-lipped rhinoceros ( Ceratotherium simum ) is one of the five species of rhinoceros that still exist and is one of the few megafaunal species left .
Thomas Hobbes ( 5 April 1588 -- 4 December 1679 ) , in some older texts Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury , book title Tracts of Mr. Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury : Containing I. Behemoth , the history of the causes of the civil wars of England , from 1640 .
The district was administratively subdivided into five tehsils , these were :
Sean Bergenheim ( born February 8 , 1984 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger , currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Among other accolades , Hart was a one-time USWA Unified World Heavyweight Champion , two-time WWF Intercontinental Champion , one-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion , one-time WWF European Champion and four-time WWF World Tag Team Champion . He was also the winner of the 1994 WWF King of the Ring .
It is performed typically with one lead fife player , often also the band leader and vocalist , and a troop of drummers .
August 15 , 1915 : The second Yokohama Station opens close to the present day Takashimach Station to allow T kaid Main Line trains to call at Yokohama Station .
The blast effect blows off the tank 's track and damages the driving wheel .
Letters to a Woman on Anarchy , 1905
Before meeting the Sacramento River , the San Joaquin River has two distributary rivers , the Old River and the Middle River , both of which once were the main channels of the river .
Neither determinism nor its opposite , indeterminism , are positions in the debate about free will .
Many species have areas of coloured skin on the face ( the lores and the gular skin ) which can be bright blue , orange , red or yellow , typically becoming more brightly coloured in the breeding season .
The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella , both of which are smooth , and a unique organelle called a haptonema , which is superficially similar to a flagellum but differs in the arrangement of microtubules and in its use .
A hostname is the unique name by which a network-attached device ( which could consist of a computer , file server , network storage device , fax machine , copier , cable modem , etc. ) is known on a network .
In this never-never land , humble heroes kill adversaries , succeed to kingdoms and marry princesses . ''
Shingo Tomita is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
During the 1981 hunger strike , Adams played an important policy-making role , which saw the emergence of his party as a political force .
It can measure the pressure exerted by the atmosphere by using water , air , or mercury . Pressure tendency can forecast short term changes in the weather .
Achondroplasia is a bone-growth disorder responsible for 70 % of dwarfism cases .
; Donnie Steele Active : 1995 - 1996 , 2011 Instruments : guitar ( 1995-1996 ) ; bass guitar ( 2011 ) Release contributions : Mate .
The official name Frankfurt ( Oder ) and the older Frankfurt an der Oder are used to distinguish it from the larger city of Frankfurt am Main .
He served as the Secretary of the Interior between 1889 and 1893 .
The storm remained offshore , and peaked as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras .
Schmersal was originally in the band Brainiac and formed Enon ( named after the village in Ohio , which is close to Schmersal 's hometown of Dayton ) with Lee and Calhoon following the death of Brainiac 's singer Timmy Taylor and their subsequent disbandment .
Janus ( , In US dictionary transcription , .
However , the referee on the outside of the cage threw the key into the crowd and the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in .
Additionally , some companies set a minimum age for the vehicle driver , which in some cases is as high as 25 , even in countries where the minimum legal age to hold a driver 's license is much lower .
Engler , a Roman Catholic , was born in Mount Pleasant and grew up on a cattle farm in Beal City .
Beresford is located on the border between Lincoln and Union counties ; the border between the counties is located along Beresford 's Cedar Street . Approximately two-thirds of Beresford 's area ( including its city hall building ) is located in Union County .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town and Local government area ( see Gunnedah Shire Council ) in north-eastern New South Wales , Australia .
bar :18 color : powderblue from :1948 till : end text : Bradley ( 1948-present )
The band uses melodic instrumentals , synthesizers , and distorted guitars with female vocals , male death vocals , clean male vocals , a choir and violins .
Chatham County is a member of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments .
Fath Ali Shah , 1797 -- 1834
The Nicolay Copy is often called the '' first draft '' because it is believed to be the earliest copy that exists .
The DYK section gives publicity to newly created or expanded Wikipedia articles . This serves as a way to thank editors who create new content , encourages editors to contribute to and improve articles and the encyclopedia , and brings new and expanded articles to the attention of readers who view the Main Page .
Blues Piano : Hal Leonard Keyboard Style Series , p. 8 .
The school was a part of the nationwide '' free school movement '' .
The creation of the foundation was officially announced on June 20 , 2003 by Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales , who had been operating Wikipedia under the aegis of his company Bomis .
Albert Na ( Serbian Cyrillic : , ) ( born October 29 , 1974 in Zemun , Serbia , then SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity .
Programming CBBC produces a wide range of programme types , including drama , news , entertainment , and documentary and factual programming .
Immigration from Syria to the United States suffered a long hiatus after the United States Congress passed the Immigration Act of 1924 , which restricted immigration .
A helicopter 's rotor is generally made up of two or more rotor blades .
The film won six Academy Awards , including Best Picture and Best Actor .
The musicians for the track were Shepherd , McBain , bassist Alan Davis , and Cameron .
( or ) is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints ( or woodcuts ) and paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , featuring motifs of landscapes , tales from history , the theater , and pleasure quarters .
They released an album labeled Puuhevonen with traditional children 's 's songs in 2007 , around the time their first children were born .
Sir Fred Hoyle FRS ( 24 June 1915 -- 20 August 2001 ) was an English astronomer and mathematician noted primarily for his contribution to the theory of stellar nucleosynthesis and his often controversial stance on other cosmological and scientific matters- in particular his rejection of the '' Big Bang '' theory , a term originally coined by him as a jocular , perhaps disparaging , name for the theory which was the main rival to his own .
That same year , the post of Radcliffe Composer in Association was created , with Mark-Anthony Turnage filling the role .
This is a list of Members of Parliament ( MPs ) elected to the House of Commons for the Fifty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 2005 general election , held on 5 May 2005 .
In the current structure the original Norman arches survive principally under the central tower and on the north side of the nave .
He is the captain of the Argentine national team .
Cotswold towns include Bourton-on-the-Water , Broadway , Burford , Chipping Norton , Cirencester , Moreton-in-Marsh , Stow-on-the-Wold and Winchcombe .
The mountain achieved worldwide notoriety when it claimed the life of British cyclist Tom Simpson , who died here on July 13 , 1967 from heat exhaustion caused by a combination of factors including dehydration ( caused by lack of fluid intake and diarrhea ) , amphetamines , and alcohol , although there is still speculation as to the exact cause of his death .
The origin and apparent extinction of certain species of locust -- some of which reached 6 inches ( 15 cm ) in length -- are unclear .
Natalee Ann Holloway ( born October 21 , 1986 ) disappeared on May 30 , 2005 , during a high school graduation trip to Aruba , a Caribbean country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
In 1967 , country entertainer Porter Wagoner invited Parton to join his organization , offering her the chance to become a regular on his weekly syndicated-television program The Porter Wagoner Show , and also to become a part of his road show .
To this room he constantly stole when the family was asleep '' .
Asimov was one of the most prolific writers of all time , having written or edited more than 500 books and an estimated 9,000 letters and postcards .
Instead , Allen embarked on a coaching career that would lead him to be known as '' the Father of Basketball Coaching . ''
Count Olaf takes them in treats them horribly : he forces them to do all his cleaning and cooking and provides them with only one bed to sleep in .
Ares shows up after Gabrielle throws wine at a satyr and beats him up with her fighting stick .
Lightman finds a list of games , starting with general strategy games like chess , checkers , and poker and then progressing to titles like Theaterwide Biotoxic and Chemical Warfare and Global Thermonuclear War , but can not proceed further .
Bismuth ( III ) sulfide is a chemical compound of bismuth and sulfur .
The largest genera are Salvia (/O900/O) , Scutellaria (/O360/O) , Stachys (/O300/O) , Plectranthus (/O300/O) , Hyptis (/O280/O) , Teucrium (/O250/O) , Vitex , (/O250/O) Thymus (/O220/O) , and Nepeta (/O200/O) .
The Principality of Khachen , also known as Khamsa ( meaning five in Arabic ) , was a medieval Armenian principality in the territory of historical Artsakh ( present-day Nagorno-Karabakh ) .
This is typical of the newer classifications , though there is some slight variation , and in particular the Torriceliaceae may be divided .
After seven years the children have the right to live with the father or the mother , as they decide .
While there may be some debate among religious scholars regarding the exact nature of the memitim , it is generally accepted that , as described in the Book of Job 33:22 , they are killers of some sort .
Chase lives with her mother Cathy Chase and was raised in Albany , Oregon , before moving to Los Angeles , California to pursue her career ( although she still spends much of her time in Albany ) .
Additionally , the English Wiktionary includes Wikisaurus , a category that serves as a thesaurus , including lists of slang words , and the Simple English Wiktionary , compiled using the Basic English subset of the English language .
It is through his book that the cliff dwellings of Mesa Verde became known and his volume might well be called the harbinger of Mesa Verde National Park as we know it today .
He advocated the termination of the Military Frontier and persuaded parliament to pass on 5 August 1861 the decision annulling any joint business with Austria .
His successor , Zhou Wu Wang , added a seventh string to motivate his troops into battle with the Shang .
Go-Ahead London is the trading name used collectively for the London bus operations of the Go-Ahead Group . The name first appeared in August 2008 , before which the company had traded under separate names and brands .
This is followed by Wellingborough (/O72,519/O) , Kettering (/O51,063/O) , Corby (/O49,222/O) , Rushden (/O25,849/O) , and Daventry (/O22,367/O) .
The Baltoro Glacier , at 62 kilometers long , is one of the longest glaciers outside the polar regions .
American Indian languages : The historical linguistics of Native America .
The song , however , was released on February 11 , two days prior to its planned release .
The University of Connecticut ( UConn ) is a public research university in the U.S. state of Connecticut .
The bloodshed lasted beyond the German capitulation in the Netherlands and Denmark on 5 May 1945 and even beyond Germany 's general surrender on 8 May 1945 .
Their powers are protected by the Australian constitution , and Commonwealth legislation only applies to the states where permitted by the constitution .
'' The electrical fire would , I think , be drawn out of a cloud silently , before it could come near enough to strike ... ''
The band also went on to release their first full-length live album , Live in Hyde Park ; recorded during their performances in Hyde Park , London .
Most of the population is Christian , and others are Muslim or have local animist beliefs known as aluk ( '' the way '' ) .
The '' export quarter '' along Ritter Street consisted of many profitable small businesses , and the '' press quarter '' along Koch Street ( Friedrichstadt ) was the home of most of Germany 's large newspapers , as well as the Ullstein , Scherl , and Mosse book publishers .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual weather event .
Mysticeti
Computer science is the study of computation and its applications , in all forms , as well as the mathematical formulas that have to do with the making and use of computers .
Impersonating soldiers of the other side by wearing the enemy 's uniform is allowed , though fighting in that uniform is unlawful perfidy , as is the taking of hostages .
The collisions of atoms are elastic collisions ( Rutherford backscattering is one example ) .
Originally , this referred only to the average color of the French mole , Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 205 ; Discussion of Color Taupe , Page 183 but like the colors pink and lavender , the name expanded ( in the case of taupe beginning in the 1940s ) to encompass a wide range of varying shades .
Abalone are mostly taken in depths from a few inches up to 10 m ( 33 ft ) ; less common are freedivers who can work deeper than 10 m ( 33 ft ) .
However , Stowe always said she based the characters of her book on stories she was told by runaway slaves in Cincinnati , Ohio , where Stowe lived .
The razor is powered by a small DC motor , and usually has rechargeable batteries , though early ones were powered directly by house current .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s , having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
As a result , the Babylonians are indignant .
In religion , the charge of schism is distinguished from that of heresy , since the offence of schism concerns not differences of belief or doctrine but promotion of , or the state of , division , Encyclopaedia Britannica , 1911 , article Schism but schisms frequently involve mutual accusations of heresy .
Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer .
The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
In popular usage , stereo usually means two-channel sound recording and sound reproduction using data for more than one speaker simultaneously .
The council elects the mayor and appoints elders to govern the elderships .
Ytterbium is a chemical element with the symbol Yb and atomic number 70 .
In February 2009 , Fantasy Sports Ventures took a minority stake in Sports Reference , the parent company of Baseball-Reference , for a '' low seven-figure sum '' .
Apollo Justice : Ace Attorney , released in Japan as , is a visual novel video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Final Fantasy Tactics A2 Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack for Final Fantasy Tactics A2 .
MEPIS is developed and maintained by an active community begun by Warren Woodford and the eponymous company MEPIS LLC .
However , authors like the British historian Henry Kamen contend that these territories were not fully integrated into a Spanish state and instead formed part of the wider Habsburg possessions .
The original name was re-adopted in 1992 as being more indicative of the area served and to promote the nearby Edmonton Green shopping center .
When worn together the pair of swords were called daish , which translates literally as '' large and small '' .
The fort is named in honor of Union Army Brigadier General William Bowen Campbell , the last Whig Governor of Tennessee .
Alfreton is a town and civil parish in Amber Valley , Derbyshire , England , adjoining the Bolsover and North East Derbyshire districts .
It takes its name from the street it was built on which , in itself , had a remarkable history .
International PEN 's Writers in Prison Committee works on behalf of persecuted writers worldwide .
High school fraternities and sororities ( or secondary fraternities and sororities ) , are social organizations for high school-aged students .
Kevin Scott Richardson ( born October 3 , 1971 ) is an American singer and former member of the Backstreet Boys , model , actor , and composer .
Live - this magazine is aimed at men although it also includes the TV listings section for the newspaper .
Similarly , Ahmedabad , India established itself as the center of a booming textile industry , which earned it the nickname '' the Manchester of the East '' .
The two most important islands are Viti Levu and Vanua Levu .
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award , or Super Bowl MVP , is an award presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl , the National Football League 's ( NFL ) championship game .
Vermelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The northern continent is called Ishtar Terra , after Ishtar , the Babylonian goddess of love , and is about the size of Australia .
This spelling was later corrupted to Ouisconsin by other French explorers , and over time this version became the French name for both the Wisconsin River and the surrounding lands .
Michelangelo Buonarroti begins work on the fortifications of Florence .
After the Arab invasion of Persia , this architecture , as well as elements of Sassanian culture , was used for the new Islamic world .
The folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal are called the pinna .
Thilo Sarrazin ( born 12 February 1945 ) is a German politician ( SPD ) and former member of the Executive Board of the Deutsche Bundesbank ( until 30 September 2010 ) .
The terms of his estate prevent him from leaving anything to his second wife and their children .
In 1950 , Genet directed Un Chant d'Amour , a 26-minute black-and-white film depicting the fantasies of a gay male prisoner and his prison warden .
Nine of these telescopes were built by the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) organization , and several of the others are partly maintained by ESO .
During the regular season , no player reached the 100-point plateau - the first time this had happened in a non-lockout season since the 1967-68 NHL season .
The katana was often called the sword or the long sword and the wakizashi the companion sword .
San Diego County Sheriff William B. Kolendar stated that the Witch Creek Fire could be '' well in excess of the Cedar Fire of 2003 '' .
Formerly the capital of Sindh , it serves as the headquarters of the district of Hyderabad .
For the '' Government Districts '' ( Regierungsbezirke ) see : Regierungsbezirk
A pianist ( ) is a musician who plays the piano .
The 1956 Formula One season featured the seventh FIA World Championship of Drivers as well as numerous non-championship races for Formula One cars . The championship series commenced on January 22 , 1956 and ended on September 2 after eight races .
John Angus Paul Collins ( born 31 January 1968 in Galashiels ) is a former Scottish international footballer .
To the south of The Oval is another , somewhat smaller , expanse of greenspace commonly referred to as The South Oval .
The professional head of the Naval Service is the First Sea Lord , an Admiral and member of the Defense Council of the United Kingdom .
Up to that time , Alaskans had flown only the U.S. flag since the territory was purchased from Russia in 1867 .
Similarly , places that share names are organised alphabetically by country , then by ever-smaller political divisions .
Hong Kong
Advertisements promoting the on-sale date for tickets featured '' Welcome to the World '' by Kevin Rudolf .
Wexler was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Seboncourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The medical tradition dates back long before the foundation of the university , with the foundation of the first hospital in the nearby silver-mining city of Schwaz in 1307 .
A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions and that have a unique and defined chemical structure .
In that conflict , General Francisco Franco ordered Spanish Nationalists to use the weapon against Soviet T-26 tanks supporting the Spanish Republicans in a failed 1936 assault near Toledo , 30 km from Madrid .
