Immunity aware programming is one kind of defensive programming .
All your contributions to Wikipedia are logged .
Ioan Gruffudd as Reed Richards , Jessica Alba as Sue Storm-Richards , Chris Evans as Johnny Storm , and Michael Chiklis as Ben Grimm are the film series ' recurring protagonists , while Julian McMahon and Kerry Washington reprised their roles from the first film as , respectively , Victor von Doom and Alicia Masters .
Overview It was performed in 32 teams , and Palmeiras won the championship .
Thomas Gold also asserted that a trickle of food from a deep , unreachable , source is needed for survival because life arising in a puddle of organic material is likely to consume all of its food and become extinct .
Depth charts also tend to resemble the actual position locations of certain players .
The Administrative Block is linked to the Senior Block , Science Block , Junior Block , CCA Block ( comprising the Hall , Auditorium , Canteen and CCA Hub ) and a bus stop .
Netstal is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Half a Sixpence -- Book by Beverley Cross , music and lyrics by David Heneker .
The Kippax was unusual in that unlike in most other grounds , this area of passionate support occupied a full side rather than an end of the ground .
Macogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They have been nominated for five BRIT Awards , winning Best Single in 2009 for '' The Promise '' .
Zamostea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
The film is a sequel to Walt Disney 's 1967 film The Jungle Book , and stars Haley Joel Osment as the voice of Mowgli and John Goodman as the voice of Baloo .
jpg Diagram of the Earth 's seasons as seen from the north .
In Milan , an unarmed crowd of protestors marched toward the palace , which was surrounded by a strong military carabinieri force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris .
The Princess Beatrice 14 April 1857 1944 , 26 October Married 1885 , Prince Henry of Battenberg ; had issue .
While free memberships are available , revenue is predominantly raised through paid memberships which allow players to access a range of additional features , ( such as the ability to purchase virtual clothing , furniture , and in-game pets called '' puffles '' , for their penguins through the use of in-game currency ) .
It is known that he studied Tuscan poetry , at a time when the Sicilian School ( Scuola poetica siciliana ) , a cultural group from Sicily , was becoming known in Tuscany .
Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was a student activist movement in the United States that was one of the main iconic representations of the country 's New Left .
Activities on the margins of specific wilderness areas , such as fire suppression and the interruption of animal migration also affect the interior of wildernesses .
Betty Cantor , Grateful Dead producer and tapist
Cugny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
These accusations were rebutted universally - most prominently by Andrew Tanenbaum himself , who strongly criticised Kenneth Brown and published a long rebuttal on his own personal website .
Fléchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Christian IV ( 12 April 1577 -- 28 February 1648 ) was the king of Denmark-Norway from 1588 until his death .
An acetate ( IUPAC name : ethanoate ) is either a salt or an ester of acetic acid .
Other towns in the area are : Darlington , Durham , Gateshead , Hartlepool , Middlesbrough , South Shields , Stockton-on-Tees and Sunderland .
In 2006 , Ullrich was barred from the Tour amid speculation of having doped .
West Timor , was known as Dutch Timor until 1949 when it became Indonesian Timor , a part of the nation of Indonesia which was formed from the old Netherlands East Indies ; while East Timor was known as Portuguese Timor , a Portuguese colony until 1975 .
Mark Anthony Kinsella ( born 12 August 1972 ) is an Irish former professional footballer and current football coach .
He was the brother of the architect Patrick Abercrombie .
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions .
Columbus is the capital and the largest city in the U.S. state of Ohio .
Certain species are seemingly preferred , whereas others , like the Lichtenstein 's hartebeest or Topi are generally avoided .
The following is the modern version , adopted in 1924 , without the vivid attacks against Spain .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers ( Geomyidae ) , the kangaroo rats and mice ( Heteromyidae ) , and their fossil relatives .
Paars is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A boat drawn by a swan appears on the river and in it stands a knight in shining armor .
Thomas Allen '' Tom '' Coburn , M.D. ( born March 14 , 1948 ) , is an American politician , medical doctor , and ordained Southern Baptist deacon .
It is bounded by Lakshmipur and Barisal districts to the north , Bay of Bengal to the south , Lakshmipur and Noakhali districts , Meghna ( lower ) river and Shahbazpur Channel to the east , Patuakhali district and Tentulia river to the west .
Domitian appoints himself censor for life , which gives him the right to control the Senate .
The Crown-of-Thorns Starfish ( Acanthaster planci ) is a large nocturnal sea star that preys upon coral polyps .
In 1777 , Antoine Lavoisier helped convince the scientific community that sulfur was an element and not a compound .
He then attended The New School for Social Research in New York and the Vancouver Film School , where he met Scott Mosier , his producer for every movie that he has made .
Martin Amis 's parents divorced when he was twelve .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
formed from a tropical disturbance . Although the circulation was initially poorly defined , it later acquired enough organization and was classified as a tropical depression on November 7 .
_ Campbell_Bowl
Jetstar Airways , an Australian airline servicing domestic and International routes
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
Beginning in 1991 , significant economic reforms have transformed India into one of the fastest-growing economies in the world , increasing its global clout .
The inside of the curve is sharp , so that the user can draw or swing the blade against the base of the crop , catching it in the curve and slicing it at the same time .
Basseux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Landmarks Oswaldtwistle Mills is a notable attraction ; a textile mill converted into a craft fair and with an exhibition about life in the Mill a hundred years ago .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson ( born October 25 , 1984 ) , better known by her stage name Katy Perry , is an American singer-songwriter and musician .
Hundred Years ' War : The English , weakened by the plague , lose so much ground to the French that they agree to sign the Treaty of Bruges , leaving them with only the coastal towns of Calais , Bordeaux and Bayonne .
Hammond organ players such as Jimmy Smith and Jack McDuff often performed and recorded in organ trios .
Up to that year Bergen was a separate county , but is today a municipality in the county of Hordaland .
However , the player can capture pieces on his HOME box .
His myth has been treated by a number of ancient sources , in which Prometheus is credited with -- or blamed for -- playing a pivotal role in the early history of humankind .
It won video game awards , and received positive comments from the gaming press , that focused on elements of the single-player mode .
It would later acquire colleges of medicine , dentistry , commerce and journalism in subsequent years .
History Early days : 1989 -- 1999 Nickel Creek formed at '' That Pizza Place '' in Carlsbad , California in 1989 with Scott Thile , Chris ' father , playing string bass .
Thus it may be roughly translated as '' protector of man '' .
William Stanley Vann FRCO , ARCM ( 15 February 1910 - 27 March 2010 ) was an English composer , organist , choral conductor , and choir trainer , primarily in the Anglican cathedral tradition .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Gay Voices of the Harlem Renaissance .
The other half of the earth is the land hemisphere , which is centered in Nantes , France .
Anime gained early popularity in East and Southeast Asia and has garnered more-recent popularity in the Western World .
History Basses-Pyrénées was one of the original 83 Departments of France created during the French Revolution , on March 4 , 1790 .
The Cordillera Central ( '' Central mountain chain '' ) is found in the southern part of the province , and the Sierra Samba ( a chain of low hills ) runs across the northern half .
The city has the largest population , the largest economy in the State and also in southern Brazil .
He was fair complexioned , and had '' a high nose , which was broken down by a kick from a horse soon after he went into the Tenth Dragoons ... '' His father died in 1794 , leaving him an inheritance of more than 20,000 pounds .
The zoo had received an anonymous letter by fax which said '' Knut ist tot !
Tchaikovsky likely had some form of instruction in composing Swan Lake , as he had to know what sort of dances would be required .
London and North Eastern Railway : LNER locomotive numbering and classification
Kelechukwu '' Kele '' Rowland Okereke ( pronounced O-kare-a-kay ) ( born 13 October 1981 ) is an English singer and rhythm guitarist for indie rock band Bloc Party .
E. Earle Ellis ( Professor of Theology at SWBTS ) says that this sermon is an eschatological invitation in which Jesus is inviting believers to live according to an ethic that will be standard in the future kingdom of God .
They add a subtle , but essential , aroma to the dish .
Crown marsupials , the one branch of Metatheria that survives today , diversified close to the time of extinction at the end of the Cretaceous .
In the northwest the Iller-Lech Plateau borders on the Swabian Jura ( unit D60 on the map ) and , in the extreme northeast , on the Franconian Jura ( unit D61 on the map ) .
It was used in what are now called alta capellas or wind ensembles .
Despite being nearly blind from an early age , he achieved great success .
Provo is home to Brigham Young University , a private university operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
Stegosaurus ( ) is a genus of stegosaurid armoured dinosaur from the Late Jurassic period ( late Kimmeridgian to Early Tithonian ) in what is now western North America .
While new , the NHL was a continuation of the NHA .
Sophocles ' first artistic triumph was in 468 BC , when he took first prize in the Dionysia theater competition over the reigning master of Athenian drama , Aeschylus .
The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle ( SUV ) sold by the General Motors luxury brand , Cadillac . It was the division 's first major entry into the popular SUV market .
Toba Tek Singh ( ) is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
In recent decades caving has changed considerably due to the availability of modern protective wear and equipment .
The Musical Offering ( German title Musikalisches Opfer or Das Musikalische Opfer ) , BWV 1079 , is a collection of canons and fugues and other pieces of music by Johann Sebastian Bach , all based on a single musical theme given to him by Frederick II of Prussia ( Frederick the Great ) , to whom they are dedicated .
However , in the film , his last name was changed to Dillon .
For example , the 1989 year of the snake began on February 6 , 1989 .
Asymptomatic infection exists , but occurs in less than 7 % of infected individuals in the United States .
As of 2010 the Scottish Premier League is ranked 16th in the UEFA rankings of European leagues , which are based on the performances of member clubs in European competitions .
'' Pretty Fly for a Rabbi '' ( alternatively called '' Pretty Fly ( For a Rabbi ) '' in Australia ) is a song by '' Weird Al '' Yankovic .
It is common in countries where television is scheduled by networks with local independent affiliates , particularly in the United States .
It is the national airline of Dubai , United Arab Emirates and operates over 2,400 passenger flights per week , from its hub at Dubai International Airport Terminal 3 , to 105 cities in 62 countries across 6 continents , the company also operates three of the ten world 's longest non-stop commercial flights from Dubai to Los Angeles , San Francisco and Houston , with all except San Francisco on the Boeing 777-200LR .
The concept of the game is to design and build a theme park that will satisfy tourists looking for a thrill .
Symbolic importance The Jordan is a frequent symbol in folk , gospel , and spiritual music , or in poetic or literary works .
Much later , during the 18th century , some Moriscos ( Muslim Spaniards forcibly converted to Catholicism ) also moved to Livorno from Spain .
The most common vegetables to accompany the pork in Twice-Cooked Pork are cabbage and peppers .
The European Union , the United States , and three other countries have classified Hamas as a terrorist organization .
The gang discovered that Aaron Sherritt , Joe Byrne 's erstwhile best friend , was a police informer .
Choi Soon-Ho ( born January 10 , 1962 in Chungju , Chungcheongbuk-do ) is a South Korean football manager , who is managing Gangwon FC .
He played college football at Ball State .
A magazine 's circulation is the number of copies it distributes , on average , for each issue .
Spain 's claim to these lands was solidified by the Inter caetera papal bull of 1493 , and by the Treaty of Tordesillas of 1494 , in which the globe was divided into two hemispheres between Spanish and Portuguese claims .
As an opponent against Polish assimilation of the Jews he established for the 1873 elections of the Reichsrat a Jewish-Ruthenian electoral alliance .
This article is about the Roman goddess of '' dawn '' ; for the asteroid , see 94 Aurora .
The Twelve Colonies have warred for decades with a cybernetic race known as the Cylons , whose goal is the extermination of the human race .
Neither driver was injured , however ARCA officials parked Speed for the day , which ended his chances for a championship .
Theft is a crime , consisting in one 's taking from another person , business , or state any object , money , or information they have not authorized him to have or use .
Two brothers , Elliott Roosevelt , Jr. ( 1889 - 93 ) and Hall Roosevelt ( 1891 - 1941 ) were born later .
The village Kaltag was established after the epidemic when survivors from three nearby villages moved to the area .
Beautiful Katamari is the fourth game in the Katamari series of games following Katamari Damacy , We Love Katamari and Me & My Katamari .
It is located in the center of Nigeria , within the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) . Abuja is a planned city , and was built mainly in the 1980s .
Other entries included dozens of Great Walls , pandas and dragons .
The Barossa Valley is a major wine-producing region and tourist destination of South Australia , located 60 km northeast of Adelaide .
In the summer of 1959 , his father bought Hendrix a white Supro Ozark , his first electric guitar , but there was no available amplifier .
Poker is a family of card games that share betting rules and usually ( but not always ) hand rankings .
Benjamin D. Santer , Convening Lead Author of Chapter 8 of 1995 IPCC Working Group I Report , replied :
John de Vere , 13th Earl of Oxford , English Lancastrian leader ( d. 1513 )
Bedigliora is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It has won ten Pulitzer Prizes .
Prior to playing in the NHL , Ovechkin played for the now-defunct HC Dynamo Moscow of the Russian Superleague for four seasons from 2001 until 2005 .
An international airport called the Moshoeshoe International Airport is nearby , at Thoteng-ea-Moli , Mazenod .
The '' capillary bed '' is an interweaving network of capillaries supplying an organ .
Kazuya Maekawa is a retired Japanese footballer .
Greater Armenia ( Miats ` hal Hahastan ) , or United Armenia is an Armenian political goal aimed at uniting Armenia with most of the Armenian Highland , the historical homeland of the Armenians since antiquity up until the Armenian Genocide and Turkish War of Independence .
In many countries , they are constitutional rights and are included in a bill of rights or similar document .
FitzGerald was educated at the Jesuit Belvedere College and University College Dublin ( UCD ) , from which he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1946 , later returning to complete a Ph. D. which he obtained in 1968 .
Masturbation is becoming accepted as a healthy practice and safe method for sharing pleasure without some of the dangers that can accompany intercourse .
The term was coined by Alfred W. Crosby , a historian , professor and author , in his 1972 book The Columbian Exchange .
Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
Musicians can be classified by their roles in creating or performing music .
The New Jersey Devils are a professional ice hockey team based in Newark , New Jersey .
Today , the RAN is one of the largest and most sophisticated naval forces in the Pacific region , with a significant presence in the Indian Ocean and worldwide operations in support of military campaigns and peacekeeping missions .
On 3 May , however , Yunus declared that he had decided to abandon his political plans following a meeting with the head of the interim government , Fakhruddin Ahmed .
Cole began his career at Chelsea in 2001 , spending spells out on loan at Wolverhampton Wanderers , Charlton Athletic and Aston Villa before being transferred to West Ham United in 2006 .
The LG-KM900 , or LG Arena , is an LG Electronics flagship multimedia phone for Q1 2009 , succeeded by the LG GD900 .
Gains in Global Wind Capacity Reported Green Inc. , February 15 , 2010 .
More recent genetic studies have proposed three groups within the genus , with a primary division into North American and Eurasian species , and a secondary division of the Eurasian into northern short-bracted species and southern long-bracted species ; Semerikov & Lascoux 1999 ; Wei and Wang 2003 , 2004 ; Gros-Louis et al .
Le Détroit is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Dobzhansky emigrated to the United States in 1927 on a scholarship from International Education Board of the Rockefeller Foundation arriving in New York on December 27 .
The historic town with 5,000 inhabitants is part of the municipality Brig-Glis with 11,600 inhabitants .
October & ndash ; An Algerian military campaign by Charles V of Spain ( Habsburg ) is unsuccessful .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
However , the later chapters of the Acts of the Apostles provide evidence that James was an important figure in the Christian community of Jerusalem .
Forecasters typically issue gale warnings when winds of this strength are expected .
It is the administrative center of the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Zhytomyr Raion ( district ) .
In all the Ohio State library system encompasses fifty-five branches and specialty collections .
Thus every real number other than zero is either positive or negative , while zero itself is not considered to have a sign .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , voice actress , and singer-songwriter .
Postmodernism has influenced many cultural fields , including literary criticism , sociology , linguistics , architecture , visual arts , and music .
Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon ( 7 September 1707 - 16 April 1788 ) was a French naturalist , mathematician , cosmologist , and encyclopedic author .
The ride lasts 28 seconds from the start of the launch to the end of the brake run , but has an '' official '' ride time of 50.6 seconds .
The vas deferens ( plural : vasa deferentia ) , also called ductus deferens , ( Latin : '' carrying-away vessel '' ) , is part of the male anatomy of some species ; they transport sperm from the epididymis in anticipation of ejaculation .
Chauchigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In a metal , atoms readily lose electrons to form positive ions ( cations ) ; those ions are surrounded by delocalized electrons , which are responsible for the conductivity .
A satellite of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
Thomas Mark Harmon ( born September 2 , 1951 ) is an American actor who has been starring in U.S. television programs and films since the mid-1970s , after a career as a collegiate football player with the UCLA Bruins .
After giving birth to the baby , Maia wrapped him in blankets and went to sleep .
Today , the local economy is largely commercial and manufacturing , with the largest employer being a clothing manufacturer .
Sir Edward Elgar 's Symphony No. 1 in A-flat major is probably the best-known symphony in that key in the standard orchestral repertoire .
Blue Lagoon has two family owned warungs that will be glad to prepare a meal and serve beer .
Beekeepers benefit from the clover bloom as clover is one of the main nectar sources for honeybees .
Whilst Australia does n't owe as much money to other countries now due to the sale of Vegemite and other national icons , such as Australia 's national airline and kangaroos of which are sold to obnoxious American children for a fetching price .
Her personal life has often been scrutinized in the media ; she dated Brad Pitt from 1995 until 1997 , and married Chris Martin , the lead singer of British rock band Coldplay , in 2003 .
Sony Corporate History ( Japanese )
Kyneton is home to mineral springs , the Campaspe River , botanical gardens and historic houses , many with bluestone architecture .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Gerra ( Verzasca ) is a part of the municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The lack of a third escalator can cause severe congestion at peak times .
In most productions , the Christmas tree suddenly begins to grow to enormous size , filling the room .
Victoria is the second most populous state in Australia .
Glenview Hills is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
May 7 & ndash ; Tsar Feodor III of Russia ( b. 1661 )
'' Somewhere Only We Know '' is a song performed and composed by English alternative rock band Keane , officially released as their third commercial single , and appearing as the opening track of their debut album , Hopes and Fears as the first single .
Paul John Gascoigne ( born 27 May 1967 ) , commonly referred to as Gazza , is a retired English professional football player .
The three periods Beethoven 's compositional career is usually divided into Early , Middle , and Late periods .
Biomes are defined by factors such as plant structures ( such as trees , shrubs , and grasses ) , leaf types ( such as broadleaf and needleleaf ) , plant spacing ( forest , woodland , savanna ) , and climate .
In July 2005 , the retirement of the Deputy Premier and Treasurer Terry Mackenroth forced a cabinet reshuffle , which saw Bligh promoted to the office of Deputy Premier and Minister for Finance , State Development , Trade and Innovation .
Fourteen teams each played 78 games ( six games against each opponent ) .
The population of the county is 60,894 according to the 2006 census .
The ship was the second and last of the Pennsylvania class of '' super-dreadnought '' battleships .
Pakdasht County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
The female alternatives are Khatun and Khanum .
Despite adopting a name with religious connotations , lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed , in an interview on Steve Lamacq 's BBC Radio 1 show , that none of the band are religious .
The flashlight and camera lets it operate in either day or night .
The wooden Roman Catholic church of St. George in the city part of Trnové ( one of the few outside north-eastern Slovakia )
Le Ribay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Although Messiah deals with the New Testament story of Christ 's life , a majority of the texts used to tell the story were selected from the Old Testament prophetic books of Isaiah , Haggai , Malachi , and others .
He is best known for his talk show The Arsenio Hall Show , which ran between 1989 and 1994 , and his roles in the films Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Since then she has released six singles and five albums .
Wanting to retain their percussive edge , the band chose Greg Welts as Colsefni 's replacement .
Allegations of IRA membership Adams has stated repeatedly that he has never been a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
Unlike some similar invertebrates , they do not have external cilia , but instead have a number of spines along the body , plus up to seven circles of spines around the headBrusca and Brusca , Invertebrates , pp .
The Kori Creek is a creek ( tidal ) in the disputed Rann of Kachchh region of the Pakistani province of Sindh and the Indian state of Gujarat , claimed by Pakistan .
Because local building codes require the building to have a helipad , it is also the tallest building in the world with a roof-top heliport .
Even though the Constitution was originally given legal force by an Act of the United Kingdom parliament , the Australia Act 1986 removed the power of the United Kingdom parliament to change the Constitution , and only Australia can amend it .
In the self-governing territories the Australian Parliament retains the full power to legislate , and can override laws made by the territorial institutions , which it has done on rare occasions .
It was first published in three volumes by Joseph Johnson of London in 1801 , and was later reprinted by Pandora Press in 1986 .
Across the north Atlantic and southwest Indian ocean , they require central convection fairly near the center and a warming core in the mid-levels of the troposphere .
Jean de Meun completes the French allegorical work of fiction , Roman de la Rose , with a second section ; the first section was written by Guillaume de Lorris in 1230 .
Rucker often uses his novels to explore scientific or mathematical ideas ; White Light examines the concept of infinity , while the Ware Tetralogy ( written from 1982 through 2000 ) is in part an explanation of the use of natural selection to develop computer software ( a subject also developed in his The Hacker and the Ants , written in 1994 ) .
The Frontier Strip are the six states in the United States forming a north-south line from North Dakota to Texas .
Rationale Although encourages anyone in the world to contribute , open proxies are often used abusively .
These names were used for storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 2002 .
At times of crisis or fiesta , it was the space where a large crowd might gather .
Werner Faymann ( ; born May 4 , 1960 ) is an Austrian politician , and the current Chancellor of Austria ( see Faymann cabinet ) .
Greg Baldwin in season three ) is a retired Fire Nation general , known as the Dragon of the West , and Prince Zuko 's uncle and mentor .
The firm also operates several machine-building and design bureaus , including the Kamov helicopter plant .
Bella Swan moves from Phoenix , Arizona to live with her father in Forks , Washington to allow her mother to travel with her new husband , a minor league baseball player .
History of the BBC : 1960s Outline Radio 4 is the second most popular British domestic radio station , after Radio 2 , and was named '' UK Radio Station of the Year '' at the 2003 , 2004 and 2008 Sony Radio Academy Awards .
Feticide can occur in horses and zebras due to male harassment of pregnant mares or forced copulation , although the frequency in the wild has been questioned .
On their return journey , Scott and his four comrades all perished from a combination of exhaustion , starvation and extreme cold .
You are welcome to continue editing articles without logging in , but you may wish to [ create an account ] .
The current engines driving North Bay 's economy are the university and college population , the hospitals ( awaiting the completion of a modern new district hospital , which has experienced delays , but is still due to open in 2011 ) , tourism , and a stable provincial government service center .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Masterpiece Collection series on April 24 , 1996 and DVD on April 4 , 2000 in the Gold Classic Collection line .
Younha performed the song Diamonds , which was the # 1 seller of the year during 1989 in Japan .
La Pepa Bridge , officially '' La Pepa '' and also named the second bridge to Cadiz or new access to Cadiz . It will cross the Bay of Cadiz linking Cadiz with Puerto Real in mainland Spain .
However , Sony 's launch of the much-hyped PlayStation 2 that year marked the beginning of the end for the Dreamcast .
He has also championed much contemporary music , an example of this being the TV series Leaving Home , where he presents a 7-part survey of musical styles and conductors with excerpts recorded by the CBSO .
The most important thing for Paterson was to keep the spirit of the book alive while finding a way to transform it from '' a novel that takes place mostly in the characters ' heads to a dynamic visual medium '' .
A groove is thus differentiated from a dado , which runs across the grain .
Though not a modern nationalist , he is regarded as the founder of modern Egypt because of the dramatic reforms in the military , economic and cultural spheres that he instituted .
Humbert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Clamecy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
B'Day Anthology Video Album is a video album , released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé , it was released alongside B'Day : Deluxe Edition on April 3 , 2007 .
Funerary customs comprise the complex of beliefs and practices used by a culture to remember the dead , from the funeral itself , to various monuments , prayers , and rituals undertaken in their honor .
East St. Louis is a city located in St. Clair County , Illinois , USA , directly across the Mississippi River from St. Louis , Missouri .
However , Billboard and other magazines recording the popularity of the musical artists and hit tunes originally measured the sales success of the published tune , not just recordings of it or , later , the airplay that it achieved , in which case the greater the number of cover versions the more successful the song .
Perm citizens -- The Official website of Perm Administration/ORGANIZATION. , down from 1,001,653 recorded in the 2002 Census and 1,090,944 recorded in 1989 Census .
Using the review as a platform from which to defend the then disreputable genre of the novel , Scott praised Austen 's works , celebrating her ability to copy '' from nature as she really exists in the common walks of life , and presenting to the correct and striking representation of that which is daily taking place around him '' .
Henry II ( 31 March 1519 10 July 1559 ) , of the House of Valois and the son and successor of Francis I , was King of France from 31 March 1547 , until his death .
In 1996 , he was called up into the German national team for the first time and made his international debut in Germany 's 1998 World Cup qualifier against Armenia on 9 October 1996 .
O.D. ( musician ) , a founding member of the Finnish industrial band Velcra
GNU GRUB ( short for GNU GRand Unified Bootloader ) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project .
The trade , however , was never completed ; unbeknownst to the Dodgers , Robinson had already agreed with the president of Chock full o ` Nuts to quit baseball and become an executive with the company .
On May 19 , 2006 , Fu gave an interview to the German television station ARD in which he discussed the dam .
Dromiceiomimus ( ; meaning '' Emu mimic '' ) was a swift bipedal dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period , about 80 million to 65 million years ago .
In 1969 , Quaker acquired Fisher-Price , a toy company and spun it off in 1991 .
He graduated from Los Angeles High School in 1955 and enrolled at Santa Monica College with the intention of studying medicine , leaving after a year to join the Pasadena Playhouse .
Guerrero was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 1 , 2006 by Rey Mysterio , his nephew Chavo Guerrero , and Chris Benoit in Chicago , Illinois on the night before WrestleMania 22 .
The first edition of the F.A.Z. appeared on November 1 , 1949 ; its founding editor was Erich Welter .
Maps , Weather , and Airports for Andorra la Vella , Andorra , it is the highest capital city in Europe and a popular ski resort .
Had it not been for shipwrecked islanders who took refuge in the Philippines , Europeans likely would not have found Palau until much later .
China Mobile had more than 2,300 base stations suspended due to power disruption or severe telecommunication traffic congestion .
When separated from his colony , Shade is found by a Brightwing bat named Marina , and soon the two are in a city where pigeons are very angry with the two bats .
Its headwaters rise in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon .
The game features a guitar-shaped controller ( resembling a miniature Gibson SG ) that the player uses to simulate the playing of rock music .
He is currently heard on Premiere Radio Networks ' weekly syndicated radio programs based on the American Top 40 franchise : Casey Kasem 's American Top 40 : The '70s and Casey Kasem 's American Top 40 : The '80s are replays of AT40 shows from the respective decades . He also hosted American Top 20 and American Top 10 .
While the National Hockey League ( NHL ) follows the general rules of ice hockey , it differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics .
It has a very dark surface and primitive carbonaceous composition .
However Mercedes said it would continue to supply engines to McLaren until 2015 .
She is best known for playing Stella Malone on the Disney Channel sitcom Jonas ( now titled Jonas L.A. ) .
It enjoys the status of an official minority language in Sweden .
It is the capital of the canton of Vaud and of the district of Lausanne .
Pegg plays Shaun , a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend , his mother and stepfather .
Most of the city is located in Winston County , with a small portion of the western limits entering Marion County .
It is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially large lakes .
Chiny is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
'' Lama Zopa '' is most noteworthy as the co-founder , with Lama Yeshe , of Kopan Monastery and the Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition ( FPMT ) .
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of gentile Christianity .
Spanish forces fail for the second time to conquer Yucatan .
'' Security '' , a song by Etta James off her album Tell Mama
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , AC ( pronounced ) , ( born 9 September 1949 ) is an Indonesian politician and retired Army general officer who has been President of Indonesia since 2004 .
Emmaus Nicopolis ( lit .
( see release history )
Luigi Di Biagio ( born June 3 , 1971 in Rome ) is an Italian former football ( soccer ) defensive midfielder , who last played for Ascoli Calcio 1898 ( 2006 -- 07 ) .
Its official name is Regione Autonoma Siciliana ( English : Sicilian Autonomous Region ) .
Reception The Rescuers was successful upon its original theatrical release earning $ 48 million at the box office and becoming Disney 's most successful film to that date .
are megalithic tombs or tumuli in Japan , constructed between the early 3rd century and early 7th century .
Every October and December , an International Championship of Surf is held at La Puntilla Beach .
The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin 's original theory of operation ; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself , rendering the air conductive , which in turn raises the probability of a strike .
King Henry I proclaims the Charter of Liberties , one of the first examples of a constitution .
They were formed by lateritization ( see laterite ) of various silicate rocks such as granite , gneiss , basalt , syenite , and shale .
high .
Due to the overwhelmingly predominant Nubian material culture and burial practices at the site , scholars now think that the Egyptian statues and other Egyptian objects found at Kerma arrived through trade .
Once activated , a reddish energy aura appears around the character , and their health bar starts to flicker in red .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O9/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
Henley reprised her role of Lucy Pevensie in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , 2008 sequel Prince Caspian and 2010 sequel The Voyage of the Dawn Treader .
Modern kites use synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics for the sails , fiberglass or carbon fiber for the spars and dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Milk , cheese , leafy green vegetables , liver , kidneys , legumes , tomatoes , yeast , mushrooms , and almonds are good sources of vitamin B2 , but exposure to light destroys riboflavin .
In contrast , speleology is the scientific study of caves and the cave environment .
Presently they skirted its shores south-westerly and came to what is now Corio Bay near Geelong .
The population was 641 at the 2000 census .
The All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference led the Muslim movement for accession to Pakistan in the State .
Manama was mentioned in Islamic chronicles at least as far back as 1345 .
The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show is the collective name for two American television animated cartoon series : Rocky and His Friends ( 1959 - 1961 ) and The Bullwinkle Show ( 1961 - 1964 ) .
After a bout of strengthening on July 6 , Bertha was upgraded to a hurricane early on July 7 as satellite and microwave imagery indicated an eye feature had formed .
The standard connectors were deliberately intended enforce the directed topology of a USB network : type A connectors on host devices that supply power and type B connectors on target devices that receive power .
Ernest Hemmingway , A Moveable Feast , from the chapter Ford Madox Ford and the Devil 's Disciple Ozzy Osbourne released a song titled '' Mr. Crowley '' on his solo album Blizzard of Ozz .
It is the third game of the Age of Empires series and the sequel to Age of Empires II : The Age of Kings .
Marco Tardelli ( born 24 September 1954 ) is a former football player from Italy , and is the current assistant manager for the Republic of Ireland .
Take That are an English pop group consisting of members Gary Barlow , Howard Donald , Jason Orange , Mark Owen , and formerly Robbie Williams .
Goce Sedloski ( ; born 10 April 1974 ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender for Austrian side SV Mattersburg , after joining them in 2006 .
During construction , the stadium was reputedly cursed by a gypsy when Manchester City officials evicted a gypsy camp from the area .
Henry VII ( before accession known as Henry Tudor ; ; 28 January 1457 21 April 1509 ) was the King of England and Lord of Ireland from his seizing the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death on 21 April 1509 , as the first monarch of the Tudor dynasty .
In the 1960s , Marvin was given prominent co-starring roles in such films as The Comancheros ( 1961 ) , The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance ( 1962 ) ( as the title villain ) , and Donovan 's Reef ( 1963 ) , all with John Wayne .
It is also known as African Dwarf Dormouse , African Pygmy Dormouse , Woodland Dormouse , or colloquially as Micro Squirrel .
Liam Cosgrave resigned as party leader and FitzGerald was chosen by acclamation to succeed him .
All productions are performed in English , and the company is known for its modernized productions and lower ticket prices .
It was founded in 2000 with nine colleges and universities as its members .
A league is a unit of length or area .
The site was founded in December 1995 , as a response to the Bosnian war .
A satellite , designated S\/2005 (/O809/O) 1 , was identified based on lightcurve observations in 2005 .
Beginning in 2009 the series became the Camping World Truck Series .
Wi-Fi Protected Access ( WPA ) and Wi-Fi Protected Access II ( WPA2 ) are two security protocols and security certification programs developed by the Wi-Fi Alliance to secure wireless computer networks .
February 14 , 1977 - January 20 , 1981 Jimmy Carter
the Celtic inhabitants of Galatia
Because of the sulfur dioxide produced during the process of melting sulfur , the craft of sulfur inlays was soon abandoned .
Born in London , he was educated at Highgate School , where a fellow pupil was John Tavener .
( American English ) is a group of abstract strategy board games between two players which involve diagonal moves of uniform pieces and mandatory captures by jumping over the enemy 's pieces .
The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book My Philadelphia Father by Cordelia Drexel Biddlep .55 Burt , Nathaniel The Perennial Philadelphians : The Anatomy of an American Aristocracy 1999 University of Pennsylvania Press .
L'Huisserie is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Although he had previously worked in television advertising and an Italian spy themed B-movie , Lazenby 's first serious acting role was as James Bond in the film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service (/O1969/O) .
In February 1979 , he returned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and became its First Permanent Secretary until February 1982 when he left to become the Executive Chairman of the Straits Times Press (/O1975/O) Ltd , the Singapore newspaper company .
Colonies use a decentralised , self-organised systems of activity guided by swarm intelligence to exploit food sources and environments that could not be available to any single insect acting alone .
Freeganism is an anti-consumerist lifestyle whereby people employ alternative living strategies based on '' limited participation in the conventional economy and minimal consumption of resources '' .
Nelly decided to make the song a last-minute addition to his second album Nellyville , which had already been completed prior to Bam giving him the track .
Groening famously named the main Simpson characters after members of his own family : his parents , Homer and Margaret ( Marge or Marjorie in full ) , and his younger sisters , Lisa and Margaret ( Maggie ) .
Francisco Herrera ( 1576 - 1656 ) was a distinguished Spanish painter , born at Seville .
PT Boats were a variety of motor torpedo boat ( hull classification symbol '' PT '' , for '' Patrol Torpedo '' ) , a small , fast vessel used by the United States Navy in World War II to attack larger surface ships .
As cathedrals are often particularly impressive edifices , the term is often used incorrectly as a designation for any large , important church .
He attributes his decision to work in comedy to having been raised in Florida , which he considers '' flat , hot and dumb . ''
He was Afghanistan 's de facto head of state from 1996 to late 2001 , under the official title of Head of the Supreme Council .
Glendale Community College and Glendale Community College North , just across the border in northwestern Phoenix , are members of the Maricopa County Community College District , while Arizona State University has its West campus just across the border from Glendale in west Phoenix .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Saxe-Coburg became a part of Bavaria and Saxe-Gotha merged with other small states in 1920 to form the new state of Thuringia in the Weimar Republic .
Auschwitz II and the remains of the gas chambers there are also open to the public .
The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction , or the sense of smell .
An avid hunter , he obtained the epithet '' the Fowler '' A fowler is one who hunts wildfowl .
It introduced a statistical control system to be supervised by a Permanent Central Opium Board , a body of the League of Nations .
There are rumors of a tunnel running from the bunker to an unknown location .
The two also planned attacks on the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California .
Ali changed his name from Cassius Clay to Muhammad Ali after joining the Nation of Islam in 1964 , subsequently converting to orthodox Islam in 1975 .
He was born at Sydney , New South Wales and , until his death , was considered the oldest living first-class cricketer and the second oldest ever behind Jim Hutchinson , who at the time of his death was 103 years and 344 days .
Whilst the blues traditionally depicts a variety of emotions , boogie-woogie is mainly associated with dancing . It 's believed boogie-woogie gave birth to the earliest versions of uptempo music .
Ketchikan ( ) is a city in Ketchikan Gateway Borough , Alaska , United States , the southeasternmost sizable city in that state .
Collectively they are the greatest enemies of the series ' protagonist , the Time Lord known as the Doctor .
and can also be used to convert heat into electric power .
The Canadian Grand Prix ( known in French as the Grand Prix du Canada ) , abbreviated as gpc , is an annual auto race held in Canada starting in 1961 .
It is part of the Tuscan Archipelago .
The derivative of a function at a chosen input value describes the best linear approximation of the function near that input value .
Daniel Webster ( January 18 , 1782 -- October 24 , 1852 ) was a leading American statesman during the nation 's Antebellum Period .
Philately is the study of stamps and postal history and other related items . Philately involves more than just stamp collecting , which does not necessarily involve the study of stamps .
Users can share applications ( or their entire desktop ) with other users on the local network , or over the Internet using peer-to-peer technology ( higher versions than Starter and Home Basic can take advantage of hosting capabilities , Starter and Home Basic editions are limited to '' join '' mode only )
Neso is about 60 km in diameter , and assuming the mean density of 1.5 g/cm3Physical parameters from JPL its mass is estimated at 1.6 kg .
Around 5.5 million people speak Danish .
Overall classification (/O2006/O)
The ski jump is divided into four separate sections ; 1 ) In-run , 2 ) Take-off ( jump ) , 3 ) Flight and 4 ) Landing .
Sonja Elen Kisa is a translator ( English , French and Esperanto ) and linguist living in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Traditionally nomadic , today only a small percentage of the group remains unsettled .
Digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player ( with caveats for DRM-locked files ) .
Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen , and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .
An own goal may not be scored from a goal kick ; should the ball happen to land directly into the own goal , a corner kick is awarded to the opposing team .
Subject matter ranges from the micro level of agency and interaction to the macro level of systems and social structures .
In Florida , around 2,000 complaints were filed with the then-Attorney General Charlie Crist and the Better Business Bureau , and an investigation was started by Assistant AG Dowd .
John Adams ( October 30 , 1735 - July 4 , 1826 ) was an American statesman , diplomat and political theorist . A leading champion of independence in 1776 , he was the second President of the United States ( 1797 - 1801 ) .
Year 25 ( XXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The season was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and starred Zach Tyler Eisen , Mae Whitman , Jack DeSena , Jessie Flower , Dante Basco , and Grey DeLisle as character voices .
The title remained the primary championship within the Mid-Atlantic territory until 1986 when Crockett gained control of the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
The earliest anchors were probably rocks and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the Bronze Age .
W.A.S.P. gained notoriety for their shock rock themed image , lyrics and live performances .
John of Brienne 's claim was based on his marriage to Leo I 's older daughter Rita ( Stephanie ) .
Hitler 's car crossed the border in the afternoon at Braunau , his birthplace .
The genus is named after the Italian nobleman Filippo del Albizzi , who introduced it to Europe in the mid-18th century , and it is sometimes incorrectly spelled Albizzia .
The Germans called this '' the final solution to the Jewish question ... '' from the Hebrew for '' destruction '' ) , was the genocide of approximately six million European Jews during World War II , a program of systematic state-sponsored extermination by Nazi Germany .
Robert Francis '' Bobby '' Kennedy ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 5 , 1968 ) , also referred to by his initials RFK , was an American politician , a Democratic Senator from New York , and a noted civil rights activist .
If necessary , one can apply sorting using a sortkey that due to CSS is not displayed : ... Javascript sorting is based on the text inside and outside the tags , without the tags themselves .
He established his own workshop after a brief period as Neri di Bicci 's assistant ; the shop was renowned for its decorative works , a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli .
Hans-Dietrich Genscher ( born March 21 , 1927 ) is a German politician and member of the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
She initially started out in Internet pornography where she worked with her boyfriend .
Such a pattern was observed in the sequence of about a dozen earthquakes that struck the North Anatolian Fault in Turkey in the 20th century and has been inferred for older anomalous clusters of large earthquakes in the Middle East .
The firing continued unabated for about 10 minutes .
It is a dramatization of the Salem witchcraft trials that took place in Province of Massachusetts Bay during 1692 and 1693 .
Rita Hayworth ( October 17 , 1918 - May 14 , 1987 ) was an American film actress and dancer who attained fame during the 1940s as one of the era 's top stars .
Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward ( born February 27 , 1930 ) is an American actress , television and theatrical producer , and widow of Paul Newman .
Mighty Barolle is a football ( soccer ) club from Liberia based in Monrovia .
Users may subscribe to other users ' tweets - this is known as following and subscribers are known as followers or tweeps ( Twitter + peeps ) .
and Mark Walden ) .
For example , the heights of the students in a class could be organized into the following frequency table .
Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street , Cheapside , London , England .
Before the bridge was constructed , traffic had to descend into the Tarn River valley and pass along the route nationale N9 near the town of Millau , causing heavy congestion at the beginning and end of the July and August vacation season .
In other words , rainbow trout and steelhead trout are the same species . The fish is sometimes called a salmon trout .
Gerhard Lenski , Human societies : An introduction to Macrosociology , McGraw-Hill , 1982 , ISBN 0-07-037176-8 For example , this definition would apply to the population of Germany being deemed a society , but German-speaking people as a whole scattered about different countries would not be considered a society .
Introduced at US$ 395 , even this was considered expensive for most students .
In contrast to many other amphitheatres , which were located on the outskirts of a city , the Colosseum was constructed in the city center ; in effect , placing it both literally and symbolically at the heart of Rome .
He was the fourth-place finalist on the fifth season of American Idol , eliminated from the competition on May 10 , 2006 .
The History of the Mongol Conquests .
As an example , the radioactive decay of carbon-14 is exponential with a half-life of 5730 years .
Transport Lilongwe is served by Malawi Railways and Shire Bus Lines , and local buses and minibuses run between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban centers , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .
In 1999 , he was posthumously named to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .
The Savage Lovecast is a weekly audio podcast based on Savage 's column Savage Love , available via iTunes and at the Strangers website for free download . It features Savage doing a call-in version of his sex advice column .
Avegno was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 2008 he was given the honour to conduct the world famous New Year Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra on the first of January 2009 .
Near the end of the month , one of the gang was captured by police .
The club 's home stadium is White Hart Lane .
Deep somatic pain originates from ligaments , tendons , bones , blood vessels , fasciae , and muscles .
They used a forged requisition from his employer , FilmFair Studios , saying the balloons were for a television commercial .
He is the son of former major league catcher Steve Swisher , who played for various National League baseball clubs in the 1970s and 1980s . Swisher was born in Columbus , Ohio , and he grew up in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
A dark grey cell ( such as the one in the '' Sybill Trelawney '' row in the '' Deathly Hallows '' column ) indicates the character does appear in the novel , but has not yet been cast , or if so noted , will not appear .
The Seattle Mariners are an American professional baseball team based in Seattle , Washington .
The first printed copy of Guru Granth Sahib was made in 1864 . Since the early 20th century Guru Granth Sahib has been edited to a standard 1430 pages .
The tehsil , which is headquartered at the city of Kharian , is administratively subdivided into 43 Union Councils .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
The effects of other viruses or lymphocyte disorders can also often be estimated by counting the numbers of lymphocytes present in the blood .
Small populations of Czechs also live in Slovakia , Austria , the United States , the United Kingdom , Chile , Argentina , Canada , Germany , Russia and other countries .
Scales were made of celluloid or plastic .
Born in Tourcoing ( Nord ) , Roussel 's earliest interest was not in music but mathematics .
Bishara was the first Arab citizen of Israel to run for Prime Minister in the 1999 election , Profile : Israel 's Arab voice .
Didier Fernand Agathe ( born 16 August 1975 in Saint-Pierre , Réunion ) is a professional footballer who currently plays for JS Saint-Pierroise in Réunion .
World Wrestling Entertainment ( 2006 -- present ) Little Bastard ( 2006 -- 2007 ) Postl signed with World Wrestling Entertainment in May 2006 .
The Socialist Reich Party of Germany ( ) was a West German political party founded in the aftermath of the Second World War , in 1949 as an openly National Socialist and Hitler-admiring split from the German Empire Party .
The particle size of a spherical object can be unambiguously and quantitatively defined by its diameter .
Mab ( ) is an inner satellite of Uranus .
Fuck You Pay Me ( Hosted by DJ Scream ) (/O2010/O)
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
The simmering discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war .
Tyson was the undisputed heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win the WBC , WBA and IBF world heavyweight titles .
The Kingdom of Swaziland ( Umbuso weSwatini ) , sometimes called Ngwane or Swatini , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , bordered to the north , south and west by South Africa , and to the east by Mozambique .
The tower was designed by the artist Giotto di Bondone .
The largest of these countries was Russia , followed by Kazakhstan .
The English name of the zoo is Helsinki Zoo .
Traditionally they only accept new customers by referral and feature entertainment by geisha , but in modern times this is not always the case .
Most Christian traditions teach that there is an analogy between the obligation of the Christian day of worship and the Sabbath-day ordinance , but that they are not literally identical- for a believer in Christ the Sabbath ordinance has not so much been removed as superseded , because God 's very work of creation has been superseded by a '' new creation '' , but this belief can not be directly substantiated by Scripture .
Raymond Dart became interested in fossils found at the lime mine at Taung near Kimberley , South Africa in 1924Raymond Dart and our African originsTalkOrigins Archive -- Biographies : Raymond Dart .
Andenne is a Belgian municipality located in the Walloon province of Namur .
After Poland regained independence in 1918 , the powiats again became the basic territorial units throughout the country .
Latina is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region , in central Italy .
Noise pollution concerns mean that increasing speed is becoming more difficult .
Many celebrities and dignitaries have skied and visited at the park , including Elvis Presley , Jordan 's former King Hussein and his son and successor , King Abdullah II .
Ehime F.C. is a professional football club based in Matsuyama , the capital city of Ehime Prefecture of Japan .
The system organized into a tropical depression on November 18 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm .
Sun Life Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida , a suburb of Miami .
Circumference is a special perimeter .
The neck region is slightly narrower than the rest of the body , giving them a distinct head .
Other major cities on Vancouver Island include Nanaimo , Port Alberni , Parksville , Courtenay , and Campbell River .
Murder of William Douglas , 8th Earl of Douglas by James II of Scotland at Stirling Castle .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Trade declined in the 18th century , as only two ships per year were allowed to dock at Dejima .
Cybernetics is the interdisciplinary study of the structure of regulatory systems .
Fire is also strongly connected , as is the sun and the sky at sunset .
The random behavior of lightning combined with observers ' confirmation bias ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin 's initial work .
Soon after this defeat on their home ground , the Carthaginian senate sued for peace , which was given to them by Roman Republic on rather humiliating terms , ending the 17-year war .
Barbara Pierce was born in Flushing , New York and attended boarding school in South Carolina .
Most presidential doctrines are related to the Cold War .
Like many writers of her generation , Braun , an admitted technophobe , continues to create her fiction on a typewriter .
A kibibyte ( a contraction of kilo binary byte , pronounced KEE-bee-byte ) is a unit of information or computer storage , established by the International Electrotechnical Commission in 2000 .
Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Aloch is the central town and is the tehsil and subdivision headquarters .
The executive branch of the Indian government consists of the president , the vice-president , and the council of ministers ( the cabinet being its executive committee ) headed by the prime minister .
There is a small Navy installation on the island .
It is located at and has an altitude of 713m ( 2342 feet ) .
Office buildings in Shanghai 's financial district , including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower , were evacuated .
Virtually all cacti are succulents , but not all succulents are cacti .
The River Severn runs through the middle of the city , overlooked by the twelfth-century Worcester Cathedral .
Toshihiro Hattori is a Japanese footballer .
BI-LO is the name of several different supermarket chains around the world : BI-LO ( Australia ) BI-LO ( United States ) Bilo is also The '' retarded brother '' of Sacha Baron Cohen 's character Borat ( pronounced '' Billo '' ) .
A further 25,845 attended the evening session which brought the total number of patrons for the day to 77,121 which was again record breaking as it was the largest amount of spectators to have attended on one day .
It is also spelled Izrail , Izrael , Azrail , Ezraeil , Azraille , Azryel , or Ozryel .
New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south , and by Connecticut , Massachusetts and Vermont to the east .
From the day of its initial release and up until mid-November 2006 , Halo 2 was the most popular video game on Xbox Live , even after the release of the Xbox 360 ; its position was eventually surpassed in 2006 by the 360-exclusive Gears of War . Halo and Halo 2 are still some of the most played games for the Xbox console .
Ulster ( ) is one of the four provinces of Ireland , located in the north of the island .
The reverse process , that of using mechanical energy to produce electrical energy , is accomplished by a generator or dynamo .
Worthville is a city in Carroll County , Kentucky , United States .
He plays as a center back or defensive midfielder .
Kant argues , however , that using reason without applying it to experience will only lead to illusions , while experience will be purely subjective without first being subsumed under pure reason .
The Aztec adaptation of the drink was a bitter , frothy , spicy drink called xocolatl , made much the same way as the Mayan chocolate drinks .
Significance in contraception The procedure of deferentectomy , also known as a vasectomy , is a method of contraception in which the vasa deferentia are permanently cut , though in some cases it can be reversed .
A liturgy is a set form of ceremony or pattern of worship .
The Flag of the State of Florida consists of a red saltire ( diagonal cross ) on a white background , with the seal of Florida superimposed on the center .
'' Soldier '' is an R&B \/O/ hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland , Michelle Williams , Rich Harrison , Sean Garrett , T.I. , and Lil Wayne for Destiny 's Child 's fourth studio album , Destiny Fulfilled (/O2004/O) .
Jamie Anderson is an American female singer from Tucson , Arizona , best known as a performer of women 's music .
November 1 & ndash ; The British crown colony of New York is subdivided into 12 counties .
Census Results by Locality , 2005 INEGI .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
The Grand Prix road course , unlike the oval , is raced in a clockwise direction .
Lawrencium is element 103 in the standard Periodic Table of the Elements .
He started building his own reflecting telescopes and would spend up to 16 hours a day grinding and polishing the speculum metal primary mirrors .
Wright State University was eventually chosen to honor the Wright Brothers , residents of Dayton .
Opening the source code enabled a self-enhancing diversity of production models , communication paths , and interactive communities .
A blender is an electric kitchen appliance used for making drinks , mixing liquids , and puréeing ( chopping up into small bits ) fruits and vegetables for sauces and soups .
Woods was born in the then colony of Van Diemen 's Land ( now Tasmania ) in 1849 into an Irish family with fourteen other children , seven boys and seven girls .
It is 7 m south west of Bristol , on the A370 to Weston-super-Mare .
The only difference is the frequency and hence the energy of the photons . Gamma rays are generally the most energetic of these , although broad overlap with X-ray energies occurs .
In the 18th century , an extended stay by the French philosopher Voltaire turned the court into one of the centres of the Enlightenment in Germany .
Some of Sutherland 's more notable movie roles included offbeat warriors in such war movies as The Dirty Dozen , in 1967 , and MASH and Kelly 's Heroes in 1970 , as well as in such popular films as Klute , Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Ordinary People .
Poseidon has broken an oath taken with Hades and Zeus to refrain from having any more children with mortal women as the children can become too powerful and become a threat .
Battle of Visby October 10 Edward , the Black Prince , marries Joan , the ` Fair Maid of Kent ' .
With the brand extension introduced in mid-2002 , the 30 entrants from 2003 to 2006 consisted of 15 wrestlers from both the Raw and SmackDown brands .
First broadcast in October 2004 twice a week from radio station WMQM , it has been broadcast on Stormfront Radio , a service of the neo-Nazi Stormfront website , and as of 2010 is broadcast on Saturday nights on WLRM , a Christian radio station in Millington , Tennessee .
The Union Council of Goreeni is divided into the following areas : Bagla , Bajarian , Banwari , Danah , Goreeni , Kotal , Palasi and Surna Garhage .
Near the end of Charlemagne 's reign ( and throughout the reigns of his sons and grandsons ) , a string of Norse raids began , culminating in a gradual Scandinavian conquest and settlement of the region now known as Normandy .
O'Neill began researching high-energy particle physics at Princeton in 1954 after he received his doctorate from Cornell University .
Cartilage is found in many areas in the body , including the articular surface of the bones , the rib cage , the ear , the nose , the bronchial tubes and the intervertebral discs .
However , Spartans never participated in the competitive aspect of boxing , believing the means of defeat to be dishonorable .
Movie World , a movie theme park by Warner Bros , Ferrari World , hotels including Yas Marina Hotel , a water park , and Yas Mall , the Abu Dhabi destination retail development of 300,000 sq m retail area ; links and parkland golf courses , lagoon hotels , marinas , polo clubs , apartments , villas and food and beverage outlets that will create a tourist destination .
River was a child prodigy of unparalleled genius , but she was experimented upon at the hands of Alliance doctors , leaving her delusional , erratic , and at times violent .
Iran is located in southwest Asia and borders the Gulf of Oman , Persian Gulf , and Caspian Sea .
Each player in turn must either match the maximum previous bet or fold , losing the amount bet so far and all further interest in the hand .
Period = from :01 \/O/ 07\/1980 till :30 \/O/ 11\/1980
Professional Life In 1934 , age 19 , she moved to Ontario , California , to attend Chaffey College , from which she earned an Associate of Arts diploma .
The nucleus of an atom consists of protons and neutrons ( two types of baryons ) bound by the nuclear force ( also known as the residual strong force ) .
Anisy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Hermelinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Crips are a primarily , but not exclusively , African American gang .
Mory is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In addition , the series received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series in 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 , tying Hill Street Blues and L.A. Law for most won in this category .
They locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .
The Greek roots are arkhe - ( '' first '' or '' original '' ) + typos ( '' model , '' '' type , '' '' blow , '' '' mark of a blow '' ) .
It lies on the B2116 road 2.4 m south of Burgess Hill .
Mercury is the innermost and smallest planet in the Solar System , orbiting the Sun once every 87.969 days .
Surrounding it are numerous attractions and services , some in structures designed to mimic the '' California Crazy '' form of architecture from Hollywood 's Golden Age .
Loire-Atlantique is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The Witch sends wolves to hunt down the children and the beavers , who barely escape .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
Chinchilla and Jericho were also inundated .
Richard Hugh '' Ritchie '' Blackmore ( born 14 April 1945 ) is an English rock guitarist who is an American resident , known for his work in Deep Purple .
Between the ages of two and five Stallone was boarded in Queens , seeing his parents only on weekends .
Surface Analysis : August 2 , 1200 UTC .
Francisco James '' Frankie '' Muniz IV ( pronounced Me-YOU-Nezz , born December 5 , 1985 ) is an American actor and racecar driver .
Palak is the largest union council of the Circle Bakote area - as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Malkot Union Council was merged into Palak .
Its Celtic name was Camulodunon , meaning ` the fortress of ( the war god ) Camulos ' .
She served as the 66th United States Secretary of State , and was the second person to hold that office in the administration of President George W. Bush .
Originally named Cloud 's Town in 1829 by its founder William Cloud , it was incorporated in 1832 under the name of Vienna .
More complicated sentences may contain multiple clauses , including clauses contained within clauses .
On November 19 , the storm turned to the southwest , and the next day Gordon deteriorated to tropical depression status as it curved westward . Early on November 20 Gordon moved ashore near Cape Canaveral , Florida as a minimal tropical cyclone ; it turned northward into Georgia , and on November 21 Gordon dissipated over South Carolina .
He also stated that he believed he would n't receive a fair trial .
As the Nazi party monopolized political power in Germany , key government functions such as law enforcement were absorbed into the SS , while many SS organizations became the de facto government agencies .
During Spurgeon 's ministry , it was decided that the church should be expanded to accommodate the overflowing crowds who sat in window sills and lined up outside .
They were flying at about 600 feet , about to land , when Navy pilot Kenneth A. Kuehner , age 25 , of Minister , Ohio struck the tail assembly of Eddie 's Piper Cub .
Songieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Often considered a cautionary tale on unconsidered biological tinkering in the same spirit as Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein , it uses the mathematical concept of chaos theory and its philosophical implications to explain the collapse of an amusement park showcasing genetically recreated dinosaurs .
Ofelia meets several strange and magical creatures who become central to her story , leading her through the trials of the old labyrinth garden .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Copenhagen Climate Council (/O2008/O) .
Rock art is a term used in archaeology for any human-made markings made on natural stone .
However , on April 30 , 2009 '' Evolution of Dance '' reclaimed the lead as the most watched video on YouTube , because as of April 2009 , music videos may only be watched on Youtube inside the U.S. Avril Bandaids members helped the Girlfriend music video to get over 100 million views on YouTube .
The Aborigines called the valley Candariro meaning ` blue crane ' and this name may have been the origin of Gundaroo .
There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around long .
It received an Oscar nomination for its costume design .
That is , outcomes of a multinomial distribution in which the numbers 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 are equally likely to be chosen .
Fire-stick farming is a term coined by Australian archaeologist Rhys Jones in 1969 to describe the practice of Indigenous Australians where fire was used regularly to burn vegetation to facilitate hunting and to change the composition of plant and animal species in an area .
Barsac is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne river in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The writings of Pliny the Elder ( 23 -- 79 ) also show that burning-glasses were known to the Roman Empire , Pliny the Elder , The Natural History ( trans .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Jhelum - Government of Pakistan It is located in north-western part of the district .
The modern skateboard originated in California in the 1970s with the advent of Polyurethane wheels .
Braxton returned to the colonies in 1760 , marrying again , this time to Elizabeth Corbin , and represented King William County in the Virginia House of Burgesses .
It is nearly double the size of Newfoundland ( 111390 k ) , and is slightly larger than the island of Great Britain ( 209331 k/O. The western third of the island belongs to the Inuvik Region in the Northwest Territories ; the remainder is part of Nunavut 's Kitikmeot Region .
During World War I , he met Stravinsky , who was exiled in Switzerland , and from this meeting began the conductor 's lifelong association with Russian music .
January 24 -- Caligula , known for his eccentricity and cruel despotism , is assassinated by his disgruntled Praetorian Guards .
Ramon Menezes Hubner or simply Ramon ( born June 30 , 1972 in Contagem ) , is a Brazilian footballer .
He is currently working behind-the-scenes for WWE dealing with many aspects of talent relations including talent payroll , scouting and talent development .
On Arundel 's advice , Henry passed the De heretico comburendo and was thus the first English king to allow the burning of heretics , mainly to suppress the Lollard movement .
For the original version of this essay by , see this revision .
The station was opened by the Caledonian Railway on 31 July 1879 and is currently managed by Network Rail .
The Nightingale is slightly larger than the European Robin , at length .
It was situated in Wednesfield in Staffordshire , England .
Hoegaarden is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
The Green Monster is the nickname of the thirty-seven foot , two-inch ( 11.3 m ) high left field wall at Fenway Park , home to the Boston Red Sox baseball team .
Boutros-Ghali graduated from Cairo University in 1946 , Ph. D. in international law from the University of Paris , and a diploma in international relations from the Sciences Po in 1949 .
A curse tablet or binding spell ( defixio in Latin , katadesmos in Greek ) is a type of curse found throughout the Graeco-Roman world , in which someone would ask the gods to do harm to others .
Wind speed has always meant the movement of air in an outside environment , but the speed of air movement inside is important in many areas , including weather forecasting , aircraft and maritime operations , building and civil engineering .
During The Wave 's new age music period , management told the station employees to refer to The Wave as a '' mood service '' rather than a '' radio station '' .
Released on 24 May 2004 , it was Bloc Party 's first V2 Records EP .
It may also have the function of dissolving or transporting foreign particles and of distributing heat .
Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987 , and released her debut album in 1989 .
Poitier also directed Cosby in Let 's Do It Again , A Piece of the Action , and Ghost Dad .
It is bordered on the west by the Pacific Ocean and on the north and east by the Atlantic Ocean ; North America and the Caribbean Sea lie to the northwest .
By definition , the number one is a power ( the zeroth power ) of two .
Checkmate ( frequently shortened to mate ) is a situation in chess ( and in other boardgames of the chaturanga family ) in which one player 's king is threatened with capture ( in check ) and there is no way to meet that threat .
Caumont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Santa Fe was originally envisioned as an important stop on the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway . But as the tracks progressed into New Mexico , the civil engineers decided that it was more practical to go through Lamy , a town in Santa Fe County to the south of Santa Fe .
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai , or barbecue .
There is a bust of the Empress in the main entrance foyer .
The term digital signal is used , to refer to more than one concept .
Kerberos builds on symmetric key cryptography and requires a trusted third party , and optionally may use public-key cryptography by utilizing asymmetric key cryptography during certain phases of authentication .
The Province of Biella is a province of Italy located in Piedmont .
The album was released on October 12 2004 .
In 1791 , Colonel David Vance and General William Lee Davidson presented a petition to the North Carolina House of Commons that said '' petition of the inhabitants of that part of Burke County lying west of the Appalachian Mountains praying that a part of said county , and part of Rutherford County , be made into a separate and distinct county . ''
The film 's name is based on the saying '' idle hands are the Devil 's plaything '' or '' idle hands do the Devil 's work '' .
Many times , the city and surroundings were the playground of armies , resulting in two major battles named after Turnhout : one in 1597 and one in 1789 are referred to as Battle of Turnhout .
The industrial park is located just south of Kingfisher , further closing the gap between Oklahoma City and Kingfisher . Kingfisher has quickly become a suburban community of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area , already home to many commuters to Oklahoma City .
The development project and its products are named after the Gentoo penguin .
Brain produced a radio program entitled The Early Horn in 1955 .
The Lost Jim Lava Flow north of Kuzitrin Lake is a lava field formed roughly 1,000 to 2,000 years ago , which covers roughly 88 s. Several geothermal hot springs are located throughout the peninsula , including Serpentine Hot Springs , Pilgrim Hot Springs , Granite Mountain , Elim , Clear Creek and Lava Creek .
At the time , Malda was a student at Hope College in Holland , Michigan , majoring in computer science .
The song also has a prelude titled '' Set the Mood '' in the same fashion of Timberlakes other singles from the album , most having preludes or interludes attached .
Almond ( town ) , New York
Saint-Denis ( or unofficially Saint-Denis de la Réunion for disambiguation ) is the préfecture ( administrative capital ) of the French overseas region and department of Réunion , in the Indian Ocean .
An analog-to-digital converter ( ADC ) performs the reverse operation .
Whitbourne , Newfoundland 's first inland town , is named after Sir Richard Whitbourne , one of the most colourful early settlers of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador who wrote a book about Newfoundland that was published in 1620 .
Porcula salvania Pygmy Hog
Tourist sport fishermen and vacationers are free to fish in the lake as long as they do n't use nets .
May & ndash ; William of Rubruck from Constantinople returns to Cyprus from his missionary journey to convert the Tatars of central and eastern Asia , his efforts having been unsuccessful .
As the first notes of the triumphant Hallelujah Chorus rang out , the king rose to his feet and remained standing until the end of the chorus .
William & Mary educated U.S. Presidents Thomas Jefferson , James Monroe , and John Tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation , including U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall , Speaker of the House Henry Clay , and 16 signers of the Declaration of Independence .
Also in Glendale is the new University of Phoenix Stadium , home of the NFL 's Arizona Cardinals and the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl , which opened in August 2006 .
Additional channels are available for download from the Wii Shop Channel through WiiWare and also appear with each Virtual Console title .
Francesco Morini ( born 12 August 1944 in San Giuliano Terme ) is a retired Italian football player .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
The title Lord Lieutenant is given to the British monarch 's personal representatives in the United Kingdom , usually in a county or similar circumscription , with varying tasks throughout history .
New England Patriots ( -- present )
After 3 years as a civil servant in the Senate office of the Interior , Wowereit stood for election as municipal councillor in the Tempelhof district .
His identification of the birds now nicknamed '' Darwin 's finches '' played a role in the inception of Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .
There are other types of ambulance , with the most common being the patient transport ambulance .
Rorquals ( ) are the largest group of baleen whales , with nine species in two genera .
An old wives ' tale has it that bats will entangle themselves in people 's hair .
See also Law of Arms Officer of Arms Notes References Gwynn-Jones , P. Ll .
Heart rate is the number of heartbeats per unit of time , typically expressed as beats per minute ( bpm ) .
Kevin Patrick Smith ( born August 2 , 1970 ) is an American screenwriter , film producer , and director , as well as a popular comic book writer , author , comedian , podcaster , and actor , best recognized by viewers as Silent Bob .
William Randolph Hearst ( April 29 , 1863 - August 14 , 1951 ) was an American newspaper magnate and leading newspaper publisher .
Birmingham ( , ) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Alabama and is the county seat of Jefferson County .
However , the engine 's length demanded the use of a long engine compartment , making the basic design unacceptable in modern vehicles .
One of the first and most important things they questioned was the common assumption that the role of the artist was to create special kinds of material objects .
Compared with simple eyes , compound eyes possess a very large view angle , and can detect fast movement and , in some cases , the polarization of light .
The Cyrillic alphabet was based on the Greek uncial script , augmented by ligatures and consonants from the older Glagolitic alphabet for sounds not found in Greek .
Marcel Dupré ( 3 May 1886 30 May 1971 ) , was a French organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
James Douglas Muir '' Jay '' Leno ( born April 28 , 1950 ) is an American stand-up comedian and television host .
Nani Pelekai ( voiced by Tia Carrere ) Lilo 's older sister .
Oak groves were especially sacred to her .
A singer is a person who uses his or her voice to produce music .
However , in some societies insect-eating is uncommon or even taboo .
He then went to London , where he matured , renouncing to his diplomatic career , wealth and family to join the revolution and socialism .
Octavio Paz died of cancer in 1998 .
Scientists previously had estimated which is greater , ice going in or coming out , called the mass balance , important because it causes changes in global sea level .
Noémie is a version used in French-speaking countries .
This subtle change contrasts with many existing tabbed browsers which are based on windows and contain tabs .
Small populations of Czechs also live in Slovakia , Austria , U.S. , Brazil , Argentina , Canada , Germany , Russia and other countries .
In 1958 , Leakey sent Goodall to London to study primate behavior with Osman Hill and primate anatomy with John Napier .
The concerto grosso ( Italian for big concert ( o ) , plural concerti grossi ) is a form of baroque music in which the musical material is passed between a small group of soloists ( the concertino ) and full orchestra ( the ripieno ) .
The first mention of this metropolis is found in the ancient Egyptian Tell el Amarna letters , dating to the 15th century BC , and the city has been continuously inhabited since .
Chiba is linked to Tokyo by several railway lines ; the main trunk lines are the Keiyo Line and Sobu Line .
Forrest Mars , Sr. founder of the Mars Company , got the idea for the confection in the 1930s during the Spanish Civil War when he saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with a hard shell of tempered chocolate surrounding the inside , preventing the candies from melting .
Ian reaffirmed his alliance with Katie and insisted to vote out Caryn .
Electroluminescence ( EL ) is an optical phenomenon and electrical phenomenon in which a material emits light in response to the passage of an electric current or to a strong electric field .
On 14 March , an illustrated BBC report showed a picture of the town , describing it as '' almost completely flattened . ''
It is distinct from Melanesia to the south , and Polynesia to the east .
The Republic of Cuba is an island country in the Caribbean .
Oskar Lafontaine ( ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis ) is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
Cruciferae is an older name , meaning '' cross-bearing '' , because the four petals of their flowers are reminiscent of a cross .
The remainder live in the Americas ( 14 % ) , Africa ( 14 % ) , Europe ( 11 % ) , and Oceania ( 0.5 % ) .
The Chinese were not allowed live in Beechworth town and resided on the outskirts .
Jonathan , the last man , was not picked for he was seemingly unfriendly in an early conversation , while Coby and Caryn campaigned for his exit in case of a 20-person Tribal Council .
Erin Zariah Sanders ( born January 19 , 1991 ) is an American actress .
Cork cambium is one of the plant 's meristems - the series of tissues consisting of embryonic ( incompletely differentiated ) cells from which the plant grows .
Much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .
The highest peak is the Toubkal mountain , with an elevation of 4167 m in southwestern Morocco .
It previously appeared on rapper Twista 's album Kamikaze (/O2003/O) , and contains vocals from Twista , West , and Jamie Foxx .
Historically , the name Blattaria has been used largely interchangeably with the name Blattodea , though in most recent treatments , the latter name refers to a larger grouping that includes numerous fossil groups that were related to roaches , but not true cockroaches themselves .
Band members are Nathan Willett ( lead vocals , piano , guitar ) , Jonnie Russell ( guitar , vocals , percussion ) , Matt Maust ( bass guitar ) , and Matt Aveiro ( drums ) .
The Yorkshire Dales is the name given to an upland area in Northern England .
on Wikisource .
He has previously played for the Buffalo Sabres , Vancouver Canucks , San Jose Sharks , who originally drafted him 16th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft .
Congo River
Users can chat with one another or build structures and areas from a selection of objects .
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Most of the buffalo hunting and skin curing was done in the dry season , between June and September , when buffaloes congregated around the remaining billabongs .
David Hilbert ( ; January 23 , 1862 & ndash ;
Every unit of length has a corresponding unit of area , namely the area of a square with the given side length . Thus areas can be measure in square metres ( m2 ) , square centimetres ( cm2 ) , square millimetres ( mm2 ) , square kilometres ( km2 ) , square feet ( ft2 ) , square yards ( yd2 ) , square miles ( mi2 ) , and so forth .
The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that when the Virginians claimed that the '' states '' were parties to the federal Constitution , the referent of the word '' state '' was the sovereign people of the particular state .
Nuillé-sur-Vicoin is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
When the A-League became the USL First Division in 2005 , the league comprised 12 teams : Atlanta Silverbacks , Charleston Battery , Minnesota Thunder , Montreal Impact , Portland Timbers , Puerto Rico Islanders , Richmond Kickers , Rochester Raging Rhinos , Seattle Sounders , Toronto Lynx , Vancouver Whitecaps and Virginia Beach Mariners .
The finished structure was considered to be such an aesthetic triumph that Antipater of Sidon identified it as one of his Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and\/or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia .
Plaza is a Spanish word related to '' field '' which describes an open urban public space , such as a city square .
Britten 's interests as a composer were wide-ranging ; he produced important music in such varied genres as orchestral , choral , solo vocal ( much of it written for the tenor Peter Pears ) , chamber and instrumental , as well as film music .
Many of the world 's rainforests are associated with the location of the monsoon trough , also known as the intertropical convergence zone .
Written by Harriet Beecher Stowe , the author of Uncle Tom 's Cabin , A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin is an attempt to document the veracity of the depiction of slavery in Stowe 's anti-slavery novel and provides insights into Stowe 's views on slavery .
The remaining Cult member , Dalek Caan , once again escapes using a temporal shift .
Within Australia it is almost always abbreviated with the dollar sign ( $ ) , with A$ sometimes used to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies .
However , it can also be used to write other languages , such as English ( most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English ) .
Bitumen is a term used for natural deposits of oil '' tar '' - such as at the La Brea Tar Pits .
Geography Carlisle is located about south-southwest of Lowell , and northwest of Boston .
Vilcabamba , the last independent remnant of the Inca Empire , is conquered by Spanish .
The Southern Railway ( SR ) was a British railway company established in the 1923 Grouping .
The English word geyser ( a spouting hot spring ) derives from Geysir .
In 2002 , he was succeeded in democratic elections by Amadou Toumani Touré , a retired general , who had been the leader of the military aspect of the 1991 democratic uprising .
Females are smaller than males and are blue-grey with a brown tinge , pale gray below , although arid zone females are colored more like males .
In many non-profits , there is a gross confusion between the Chair of the Board ( sometimes referred to as the President of the Board ) , the Secretary of the Board ( also confused with the Secretary of the corporation ) , and then a Board often times creates the position of Treasurer .
It 's the fastest-selling DS game of Activision 's .
A common abbreviation is mph or MPH .
The Monty Hall problem is a probability puzzle loosely based on the American television game show Let 's Make a Deal .
They began a theater tour of the United States on May 27 , 1994 , with the opening acts Tad and Eleven .
Classic floras Europe Flora Londinensis , William Curtis .
The Sassanid Empire ( also spelled Sasanid Empire , Sassanian Empire , or Sasanian Empire ) , known to its inhabitants as r nshahr and r n , was the last pre-Islamic Persian Empire , ruled by the Sasanian Dynasty from 224 to 651 .
Their brand of dark indie rock is commonly compared to the sound of bands such as Echo & the Bunnymen , Joy Division , Interpol , The Chameleons and U2 .
A common misconception is that soap increases the water 's surface tension , soap actually does the opposite , decreasing it to approximately one third the surface tension of pure water .
Until the adoption of the international definition of 1852 metres in 1970 , the British nautical ( Admiralty ) mile was defined as 6,080 feet .
The storm weakened over land , but it regained hurricane status about one hour after entering the Gulf of Mexico .
Bihor County has 4 municipalities , 6 towns and 91 communes .
The red allotrope does not spontaneously ignite in air and is not as dangerous as the white form .
It is about 3 km long and less than 1 km wide .
This stage is a favorite food of many fish , and many fishing flies are modeled to resemble them .
It is headquartered in Berlin with a secondary seat in Bonn .
The novel was adapted for the screen under the title The Mighty by Charles Leavitt ; the film was shot in Toronto , Canada and Cincinnati , Ohio , and directed by Peter Chelsom , and released in 1998 .
Cybermats The Cybermen also use smaller , cybernetic creatures called '' cybermats '' as weapons of attack .
Henry was the second monarch of the House of Tudor , succeeding his father , Henry VII .
As Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore there was a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning for the Veracruz coastline . The area covered by the warning issued on August 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on August 23 .
They were replaced in the 2007 season by Andrea , Ingrid , and Melissa .
Acronis , Inc. is a company incorporated in Delaware that produces hard disk utility software , including disk-imaging backup and recovery , partition management , and boot management software .
Troll is a 1986 horror film .
The track is 5.073 km ( 3.15 miles ) long in a harbourside location similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix and the new circuit in Valencia .
The Coordinating Lead Authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the Working Group chairs .
Maemo is a software platform developed by Nokia for smartphones and Internet Tablets .
It was during this battle that [ Rani Lakshmi Bai ] was killed .
Schandmaul is a German medieval folk rock band from the vicinity of Munich .
In 1993 the company was acquired by The Walt Disney Company .
The WTA Tour is the elite tour for women 's professional tennis organized by the Women 's Tennis Association ( WTA ) .
This is commonly called double anal or double stuffing .
This risk of devastation had been known for some time ; previous studies by FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers had warned that a direct hurricane strike on New Orleans could lead to massive flooding , which would lead to thousands of drowning deaths , as well as many more suffering from disease and dehydration , as the flood waters slowly receded from the city .
Like the electric guitar , the electric bass guitar is plugged into an amplifier and speaker for live performances .
The facility is now known as the Glenwood Resource Center .
Augustus pardons Gnaeus Cornelius Cinna Magnus , along with Aemilia Lepida , the daughter of Marcus Aemilius Lepidus , for alleged involvement in a conspiracy against the emperor .
A 30-metre stone jetty was built by convict labor in 1838 where Gem Pier now stands .
Max and Ruby is a Canadian animated series that debuted in 2002 ( following a pilot episode in 2001 ) that is aimed at a preschool audience .
Batman 's health quickly declined after 1835 the syphilis had disfigured and crippled him , and he became estranged from his wife , convict Elizabeth Callaghan .
Konzum is Croatia 's largest supermarket chain with just over 600 stores open in Croatia and has more than 10.000 employees .
It serves as the center of the Government of India and the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi . New Delhi is situated within the metropolis of Delhi and is one of the fastest growing cities in the world .
Parallel computers can be roughly classified according to the level at which the hardware supports parallelism -- with multi-core and multi-processor computers having multiple processing elements within a single machine , while clusters , MPPs , and grids use multiple computers to work on the same task .
Matthew David Cameron ( born November 28 , 1962 in San Diego , California ) is an American musician who serves as the drummer for the American rock band Pearl Jam .
Tempera also refers to the paintings done in this medium . Tempera paintings are very long lasting , and examples from the 1st centuries AD still exist .
She was brought up by her father 's parents , and received a liberal education .
Halimede , or Neptune IX , like many of the outer satellites of Neptune , is named after one of the Nereids , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
The Frisii were known and respected by the Romans and written about by several sources .
The Council of Ministers of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR ) ( , tr . : Sovet Ministrov SSSR ; sometimes abbreviated to Sovmin or referred to as the Soviet of Ministers ) , was the de jure Soviet Government comprising the highest executive and administrative body of the Soviet Union from 1946 until 1991 .
The 2006 Dublin riots were a series of riots which occurred in Dublin on 25 February 2006 , precipitated by a controversial Unionist demonstration which was due to march down O'Connell Street in the city .
The city of Miami Gardens was one of the two major contenders for hosting WrestleMania XXVII along with Atlanta , Georgia .
Annual rainfall is approximately and in a normal year there are two distinct rainy seasons : '' the long rains '' , which fall during April and May , and '' the short rains '' , which fall during October and November .
Most naphthalene is derived from coal tar . From the 1960s until the 1990s , significant amounts of naphthalene were also produced from heavy petroleum fractions during petroleum refining , but today petroleum-derived naphthalene represents only a minor component of naphthalene production .
'' Tourists do n't think they have an impact on panda habitat , but indirectly each visitor has some impact , '' Liu said .
They are sensory organs , although the exact nature of what they sense and how they sense it is not the same in all groups , nor always clear .
Naismith was also inducted into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame , FIBA Hall of Fame , and The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame , which was named in his honor .
When Taylor enters the room the video is solarized and remains so throughout the scene , although Taylor 's actions suggest that it is very dark .
La Ferté - Chevresis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Rudolf Hess G G I I Life Imprisonment Hitler 's deputy , flew to Scotland in 1941 in attempt to broker peace with Great Britain .
The best-known precious metals are gold and silver .
The United Kingdom claimed sovereignty over South Georgia in 1775 and the South Sandwich Islands in 1908 . In 1908 the United Kingdom annexed both South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
typically believe that the greater the percentage of raw food in the diet , the greater the health benefits .
Elettaria cardamomum ( the usual type of cardamom ) is used as a spice , a masticatory , and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Since about 1990 , the game port has usually been integrated with a PC I\/O or sound card , either ISA or PCI , or as an on-board feature of some motherboards ; before that , it was usually on a dedicated ISA card .
Used when connecting audio components to each other .
Dumas had an off-screen relationship with Matt Hardy , which ended in 2005 after her affair with Adam '' Edge '' Copeland .
Rainfall from the storm extended from South Carolina to Maine , and westward to Michigan .
Aquaman has a number of superhuman powers , most of which derive from the fact that he is adapted to live in the depths of the ocean .
pronounced in French , in English is the local English pronunciation .
The Labour Party , under the leadership of Tony Blair , won the general election in a landslide victory with 418 seats , the most seats the party has ever held .
The most notable storm was Hurricane Allen , a powerful Category 5 hurricane that traveled across the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico , causing widespread damage and hundreds of deaths .
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the cephalothorax , arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another .
Sociologist William Sims Bainbridge stated that Game Freak created '' one of the most popular glitches ever in game history '' , and cited its creative usage by players .
Flooding was also reported in Somerton , San Diego , El Centro , Palm Springs and Indio , while 12,000 people lost power in Yuma , as well as Los Angeles and southwestern Utah .
Oklahoma Wesleyan University & ndash ; Bartlesville , Oklahoma
Arra is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan and is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil .
-- ) Its atomic number is 54 .
Wonderama was a long-running children 's television program that appeared on the Metromedia-owned stations from 1955 to 1986 , with WNEW-TV in New York City being its originating station .
A municipality is an administrative entity composed of a clearly defined territory and its population and commonly denotes a city , town , or village , or a small grouping of them .
The Memphis blues is a style of blues music that was created in the 1920s and 1930s by Memphis-area musicians like Frank Stokes , Sleepy John Estes , Furry Lewis and Memphis Minnie .
First Great Western is the operating name of First Greater Western Ltd , a British train operating company owned by FirstGroup , that serves Greater London , the South East , South West and West Midlands regions of England , and South Wales .
BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland 's national English-language radio network .
In the same year YCAT celebrate their 25th anniversary with two gala concerts at the Wigmore Hall which bring together former YCAT award winners as well as contemporary YCAT artists .
Originally a proprietary format , PDF was officially released as an open standard on July 1 , 2008 , and published by the International Organization for Standardization as ISO\/IEC 32000-1 :2008 .
In its encyclopedic function , Wikipedia contains millions of on a vast array of topics .
Though the story of Endymion is the best-known one today , the Homeric hymn to Selene ( xxxii ) tells that Selene also bore to Zeus a daughter , Pandia , the '' utterly shining '' full moon .
According to the Gospels of Matthew and Luke , Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit and born from the Virgin Mary .
Kentaro Suzuki ( born 2 June , 1980 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The actions of police or detectives attempting to prevent or solve the crimes may also be chronicled , but are not the main focus of the story .
An object at a certain height above the Moon 's surface has less gravitational potential energy than at the same height above the Earth 's surface because the Moon 's gravity is weaker . Note that '' height '' in the common sense of the term can not be used for gravitational potential energy calculations when gravity is not assumed to be a constant .
Grigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His family moved to Madrid in 1623 , and he trained in Madrid during the late 1620s as an apprentice to Pedro de Las Cuevas and Bartolomé Roman .
Most mothers can breastfeed for six months or more , without the addition of infant formula or solid food .
VistaPE uses technology from and largely resembles Windows Preinstallation Environment 2.0 ( from Microsoft ) , but has a graphical shell , expanded set of supported devices and functions , and can run almost any Windows program .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
The MS Explorer was a Liberian-registered cruise ship designed for Arctic and Antarctic service , originally commissioned and operated by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad .
Mitsunori Yoshida is a retired Japanese football player .
While most of them produced significant texts , none of the texts has survived in complete form .
This warlike aspect was assimilated from the Greek goddess Athena , whose goatskin was called the ` aegis ' .
The most predomient feature is the white eyestripe found in both males and females .
The city of Sahiwal is the capital of this district .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
Henry II ( 6 May 973 -- 13 July 1024 ) , called the Holy or the Saint , was the fifth and last Holy Roman Emperor of the Ottonian dynasty , from his coronation in Rome in 1014 until his death a decade later .
Current research is primarily aimed at reducing operational noise , particularly the '' tunnel boom '' phenomenon caused when trains exit tunnels at high speed .
Boxer shorts ( also known as loose boxers or as simply boxers ) are a type of undergarment worn by men .
Traditional dressings in France are vinaigrettes , while mayonnaise is predominant in eastern European countries and Russia .
The general view in Asian cultures is that the more robots advance , the better .
Ma Yuan , Chinese general of the Han Dynasty ( d. 49 AD )
Kevin Brereton ( born February 20 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name k-os ( '' chaos '' ) , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer .
Stavropoleos Monastery , also known as Stavropoleos Church during the last century when the monastery was dissolved , is an Eastern Orthodox monastery for nuns in central Bucharest , Romania .
Apollodorus ( reported by Diogenes Laertius , Lives of Eminent Philosophers , 10.14-15 ) gives his birth on the fourth day of the month February in the third year of the 109th Olympiad , in the archonship of Sosigenes As a boy he studied philosophy for four years under the Platonist teacher Pamphilus .
Wildebeest is Dutch for '' wild beast '' or '' wild cow '' in Afrikaans ( bees = cow ) , while Connochaetes derives from the Greek words konnos ( '' beard '' ) and khaite ( '' flowing hair '' ) .
As Union forces continued to attack the hill , Maj. Richard Page -- commander of the Confederate artillery squadrons at Marion -- fired his battery of 10-pounder Parrott rifles , in an attempt to slow the Union charge .
Not all African Americans speak AAVE and many European Americans do .
Zeno , a typeface designed by Giovanni Mardersteig for use at the Officina Bodoni
Piper 's second album ( her first released under her full name ) produced three Top 30 singles in the UK - '' Day & Night '' ( # 1 ) , '' Something Deep Inside '' ( # 4 ) and '' Walk of Life '' ( # 25 ) .
Stockport County F.C. is an English football club based in Stockport , Greater Manchester , England .
The Chancellor of Germany is the head of government of Germany . The official title in German is Bundeskanzler ( - in ) ( literally , Federal Chancellor ) , and the office is often referred to as Kanzler ( - in ) for short .
The King of Prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 1,200 marks for the discovery .
Some experts speculate that it may be the birthplace of wine production .
Rhineland-Palatinate is divided into 24 districts , formerly grouped into the three administrative regions : Koblenz , Trier and Rheinhessen-Pfalz .
The Volkswagen Group subsequently rebadged the Sharan in 1996 , and sold it as the SEAT Alhambra alongside the Sharan .
Remetschwil is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Crabs are also used in bisque , a global dish of French origin .
Clavellina ( D.M. )
Under European Union Protected Designation of Origin guidelines , only the product from Portugal may be labeled as Port or Porto .
He played 11 years with the St. Louis Cardinals teams .
Hikers come for the nearly 6000 km ( 3750 miles ) of tracks through the picturesque scenery , and gliding enthusiasts have been drawn to the area since the early Twentieth century .
Cold War Kids started in 2004 in historic downtown Fullerton in guitarist\/vocalist Jonnie Russell 's apartment above the restaurant Mulberry St. ( their first EP title ) The band relocated to Whittier , California and began recording their first demos , which , when released in the spring of 2005 , ultimately became known as the Mulberry Street EP .
A funeral is a ceremony for celebrating , sanctifying , or remembering the life of a deceased person .
Paul Michael London ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Initially , between 1879 -- 1883 , they performed embryological studies , especially on the theory of the coelom (/O1881/O) , the fluid-filled body cavity .
The album was released on 11 December 1970 in the United States and the United Kingdom .
Previously the club had enjoyed a long-term association with Motorola , but this ended after 11 years in 2002 as the sponsor started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland .
La Descubierta
In 1913 , O'Reilly 's novel was made into a movie entitled Moondyne .
The history of Hungen dates back to 782 .
When the system was later released in North America it was sold in two incarnations : a bare-bones console with one controller bundle called the Sega Base System and a bundle with two controllers and a light gun entitled the Sega Master System .
Chopsticks are not used to toy with one 's food or with dishes in common .
Dha fea prinses laaft , bikoz shi dautid dhiyz waadz .
As of 2006 , 94.23 % of the population was Italian .
Security-Enhanced Linux ( SELinux ) is a Linux feature that provides a variety of security policies , including U.S. Department of Defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of Linux Security Modules ( LSM ) in the Linux kernel .
The band had a brief period of high-profile domestic success in which their debut album Vehicles and Animals was a platinum seller in 2005 after a 2003 release and Mercury Music Prize nomination , with this followed up by Tourist which reached # 1 and sold over 500,000 copies allowing this album to also go platinum .
A short tail and long , narrow wings with four long , finger-like feathers , and a shorter fifth , give it a very distinctive appearance .
Ibrahim said that the attack was part of a JEM campaign to rid Sudan of Chinese-run oilfields and stated that '' ( The JEM want all Chinese companies to leave .
_ Clarke
The Local Government Act 1985 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom .
There he also arranged for another marriage , this time to Leonora d'Este , the niece of Duke Alfonso II .
To the west is Limehouse station , whilst to the east the DLR splits , with one branch going to Poplar station and the other to West India Quay station .
Timothy Matthew '' Tim '' Howard ( born March 6 , 1979 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Everton and the United States national team .
The Sunshine Coast economy is currently dominated by three main sectors - tourism , retail and construction .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard et al . in 2003 .
The Hainish Cycle consists of a number of science fiction novels and stories of Ursula K. Le Guin .
Administrators are not obligated to act , so if they choose not to , they do not have to indicate in any way that they viewed your request .
They orient their lophophores into the prevailing water current .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( , ) is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
GE Power 's H Series Turbine Heat engines When transforming thermal energy into mechanical energy , the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of heat energy that is transformed into work .
Unlike Outlook Express , Windows Mail is not considered to be a component of Internet Explorer .
Intonation , in music , is a musician 's realization of pitch accuracy , or the pitch accuracy of a musical instrument .
Cardiac arrest is a medical emergency that , in certain situations , is potentially reversible if treated early .
In phonetics , labiodentals are consonants articulated with the lower lip and the upper teeth .
The dirham , spelt ` diram , ' is 1\/100 of the Tajikistani somoni .
Classically , an object hitting an impenetrable barrier will not pass through .
Large towns originally split between multiple parishes were , for the most part , eventually consolidated into one parish .
In 1938 , his performance there of the opera was hailed by a Berlin critic as Das Wunder Karajan ( The Karajan miracle ) .
Since the embedded system is dedicated to specific tasks , design engineers can optimize it to reduce the size and cost of the product and increase the reliability and performance .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum p is placeholder text ( filler text ) commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
Costanza 's transdisciplinary research integrates the study of humans and the rest of nature to address research , policy , and management issues . His work has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems , particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales , from small watersheds to the global system .
Remsen is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
Stoker 's novel was merely the culminating work of a long series of works that were inspired by the reports coming from the Balkans and Hungary .
The following is a list of the 42 cantons of the Aisne department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
Peake was born in Saint Louis , Missouri .
They were the major Protestant rival to the Lutheran churches .
Caliban may also refer to :
The modern Republic of Moldova does not recognize the secession and considers territories controlled by the PMR to be a part of Moldova 's sovereign territory .
In Christianity , baptism ( from Greek baptizo : '' immersing '' , '' performing ablutions '' , i.e. , ritual washing ) .
is a video game published by Nintendo and developed by Left Field Productions .
A loom is a machine or device for weaving thread or yarn into textiles .
One particularly important function is to serve as the building blocks of proteins , which are linear chains of amino acids . Amino acids can be linked together in varying sequences to form a vast variety of proteins .
Medieval Life & The Hundred Years War , Online Book .
In relativistic contexts , however , time can not be separated from the three dimensions of space , because the rate at which time passes depends on an object 's velocity relative to the speed of light and also on the strength of intense gravitational fields , which can slow the passage of time .
The term '' nutritionist '' is also widely used ; however , the terms '' dietitian '' and '' nutritionist '' should not be considered interchangeable - the practice of nutritionist is not necessarily regulated .
The best results were from the West Bridgford School , closely followed by Rushcliffe Comprehensive School and the Minster School in Southwell .
He is best remembered today for his critical advocacy of Brahms as against the school of Wagner , an episode in 19th century music history sometimes called the War of the Romantics .
Maurice De Bevere ( December 1 , 1923 - July 16 , 2001 ) , better known as Morris , was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of Lucky Luke .
That is , the time required to solve the problem using any currently known algorithm increases very quickly as the size of the problem grows .
Brazilian national team Bigode played eleven matches for the Brazil national team between 1949 and 1950 .
Sometimes the altarpiece is set on the altar itself .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
For example , although most dinoflagellates are either photosynthetic producers or heterotrophic consumers , many species are mixotrophic depending upon circumstances .
Patty Loveless ( born Patty Lee Ramey , January 4 , 1957 ) , is an American country music singer .
The A38 previously terminated at Derby , being extended north to Alfreton , along the course of the former A61 in the early 1970s .
Andranik Eskandarian ( Armenian : , born December 31 , 1951 ) is an Iranian-Armenian football ( soccer ) player , who played defender for the New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League .
There is a wide consensus among paleontologists that birds are the descendants of theropod dinosaurs . Using the strict cladistical definition that all descendants of a single common ancestor must be included in a group for that group to be natural , birds would thus be dinosaurs and dinosaurs are , therefore , not extinct .
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The family then moved to the British colony of Southern Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) in 1925 to farm maize , when her father purchased around one thousand acres of bush .
Following Wagner 's death , his widow Cosima continued running the festival at one or , more frequently , two year intervals .
The utilitarianism of John Stuart Mill is sometimes classified as a type of hedonism , as it judges the morality of actions by their consequent contributions to the greater good and happiness of all .
In 1869 he was appointed professor of botany at the University of Jena .
It enjoyed a very high rating of 30.8 % and features music by Cagnet .
FARC-EP is a peasant army which has proclaimed itself as a revolutionary agrarian , anti-imperialist Marxist-Leninist organization of Bolivarian inspiration .
To get to the second bunk a ladder is used , though taller children often find other faster , more creative methods of climbing into them .
When Tropical Depression Fourteen was upgraded to Tropical Storm Melissa on September 29 , it was the eighth named storm to form in the month of September .
Owing to its uniqueness , the Old Town of Vilnius was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1994 .
He can most recently be seen as a lead character in the TV series Swingtown .
After the longest reign since Augustus ( surpassing Tiberius by a couple of months ) , Antoninus died of fever at Lorium in Etruria , about twelve miles ( 19 km ) from Rome , on 7 March 161 , giving the keynote to his life in the last word that he uttered when the tribune of the night-watch came to ask the password- '' aequanimitas '' ( equanimity ) .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
Maurizio Giuliano ( born 1975 ) is an Italian-British traveller , author and journalist .
WarGames is a 1983 American thriller film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham .
Whelks are mostly found in temperate and tropical waters , and the majority of them have historically been used by humans for food .
Hollywood Life magazine ; September/October 2005 pp .
The first son was Kulandaiswamy , the second was Theerthagiri , the third was Thambi , fourth was Kirlother and the fifth was Kuttiswamy .
The Boeing 747 is a widebody commercial airliner and cargo transport , often referred to by the nickname Jumbo Jet '' Woman to build house out of 747 . ''
Rowland Taylor , English Protestant martyr ( d. 1555 )
Reviews of this new album have been mixed , but Sun had mentioned before that her priority is to make quality music , instead of over-commercialized products that sell well but have a lower level of artistic quality .
However , the aardvark is not closely related to the pig ; rather , it is the sole recent representative of the obscure mammalian order Tubulidentata , in which it is usually considered to form a single variable species of the genus Orycteropus , the sole surviving genus in the family Orycteropodidae .
Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons and the boorish father of the eponymous family .
Closely related is the General Principles View that argues that Jesus was not giving specific instructions , but general principles of how one should behave .
Pope Boniface VIII ( c. 1235 - October 11 , 1303 ) , born Benedetto Gaetani , was Pope of the Catholic Church from 1294 to 1303 .
Between 15 and 20 cities were considered to host the event , with fewer than half of the finalist invited to pitch their bids at WWE 's headquarters at Stamford , Connecticut .
He was brought to America the next year by Vladimir Rosing to teach at the Eastman School of Music and was involved in directing opera and theater .
He played a key part of the Korean National Football Team when Korea reached the semi-finals in the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
This series was also created by the makers of 6teen , another Teletoon program .
It is part of Le Guin 's Hainish Cycle .
Laniscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Pontiac Vibe is a compact hatchback car that was produced in Fremont , California , in the United States by NUMMI ( New United Motor Manufacturing , Inc ) , a joint venture between General Motors and Toyota , and marketed under General Motors ' Pontiac brand .
Bynes was named one of Teen People 's '' 25 Hottest Stars Under 25 '' in 2006 , and in 2007 , Forbes listed her as the fifth highest paid celebrity under 21 , with earnings of $ 2.5 million .
All three of Powell 's novels had been noticed favourably among London literary people , without selling more than two or three thousand copies .
Languages The main language is Hindko , Pashto although Urdu is also spoken and understood .
Polysaccharides are polymeric carbohydrate structures , formed of repeating units ( either mono - or di-saccharides ) joined together by glycosidic bonds .
Leeds has also had riots in Hunslet , Holbeck , Quarry Hill and more recently Chapeltown and Harehills .
The last music for viol consorts before their modern revival was probably written in the early 1680s by Henry Purcell .
From 4 December 2006 Channel 4 was officially available to Sky viewers in Ireland ; some programs , mainly imports , are not aired on this channel variant , due to Channel 4 not owning the relevant broadcast rights within the country .
A high school '' Mr. Basketball '' in Texas , Bosh left college at Georgia Tech after one season to enter the 2003 NBA Draft .
Battle of Palnadu : The Kalachuri civil war ends in victory for the Palanati Kalachuris of India , and their leader , Nalagama Raju .
Best Actress , Jodie Foster Jonathan Demme won an Academy Award for Best Director .
Subdivisions The Union Council of Nara is subdivided into the following areas : Changah , Dakhan , Gohra , Kanger Hoter , Kehan , Maira Ulla , Mari , Mohri-Badbhen , Nara and SatoraNara Union Council .
Arch Enemy is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Halmstad , Sweden , formed in 1996 .
Ray did the scripting , casting , scoring , cinematography , art direction , editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material .
Rogers was born in West Palm Beach , Florida , and decided to enter into the Christian ministry at the age of nineteen .
MotorSport Vision ( MSV ) won the tender to supply chassis and engines for the new FIA Formula Two Championship , following a fax vote of the FIA World Motor Sport Council .
These countries are located in northwestern Europe between France and Germany .
Dmitri Shostakovich 's Symphony No. 7 in C major , Op .
As an understudy to Fred Rogers , he traveled to Canada in 1963 to work for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on an early version of Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood .
Acid rain is a rain or any other form of precipitation that is unusually acidic , i.e. elevated levels of hydrogen ions ( low pH ) .
Manchester Piccadilly is the principal railway station of Manchester in England .
Liesel ( '' Liese '' ) Prokop-Sykora ( March 27 1941 -- December 31 2006 ) was an Austrian athlete who competed mainly in the pentathlon and , later in her life , an Austrian politician .
Together with his close allies , Battle Cat ( who undergoes a similar transformation from being Adam 's cowardly pet tiger Cringer ) , Teela , Man-At-Arms and Orko , He-Man uses his powers to defend Eternia from the evil forces of Skeletor .
French Island is the largest coastal island of Victoria , Australia , located in Western Port , 61 km southeast of Melbourne .
Xfce ( pronounced as four individual letters ) is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms , such as Linux , Solaris and BSD .
In 1992 , Thom Wilson and The Offspring returned to the studio to record their second album Ignition , which was released in October of that year .
Her older sisters objected to including Maria in their games and once referred to Maria as their '' stepsister '' because she was so good and never got into trouble , recalled Margaretta Eagar in her own memoirs .
Today , he is rated as one of the finest footballers that ever played the game .
A reservoir , Lake Powell , was created by the Glen Canyon Dam .
In 1990 , after graduating summa cum laude from Brandeis University with a bachelor 's degree in theater arts , Messing gained admission to the elite Graduate Acting Program at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts which accepts approximately fifteen new students annually .
Fabrizio Lori
Stuart Baxter ( born 16 August 1953 ) is a Scottish football manager and former player .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
Fior di latte ( written also as fiordilatte ) is used to distinguish the mozzarella made from cow 's milk from that made from buffalo 's milk .
May 10 -- Annular solar eclipse in the South Pacific , visible in Australia .
Within five months , the album had sold over one million copies .
In cryptography , the avalanche effect refers to a desirable property of cryptographic algorithms , typically block ciphers and cryptographic hash functions .
In terms of population , Bangladesh is the third largest Hindu state of the world after India and Nepal .
Schalke 04 won its first major European trophy in 1997 by defeating Internazionale on penalty kicks for the UEFA Cup in Milan .
Edward Thomas '' Ed '' Schafer ( born August 8 , 1946 ) served as the 29th United States Secretary of Agriculture from 2008 to 2009 .
As a Pennsylvania representative , Clymer was , along with five others , a signatory of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution .
John Wyclif 's teachings are condemned by the Synod of London .
After his release from hospital , Mane visited a tattoo parlor and had a large tattoo of an ice cream cone inked onto his face .
However , 7 to 9 metres was a more usual length .
Although Stern accepted an appointment at the University of Berlin after his fellowship ended , he returned to the United States in 1932 and became an American citizen in 1939 .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
The program is based on the Hipparcos Catalogue ( HIP ) and allows users to travel through an extensive universe , modeled after reality , at any speed , in any direction and at any time in history . Celestia displays and interacts with objects ranging in scale from small spacecraft to entire galaxies in three dimensions using OpenGL , from perspectives which would not be possible from a classic planetarium or other ground based display .
The First Bank of Alabaster opened in 1952 , and its president was George L. Scott , Jr. , who later became the first mayor of Alabaster .
Hugh Jackman as Logan \/O/ Wolverine : Logan can regenerate spontaneously , a talent which allowed the painful implantation of a adamantium metal coating on his bones and metal claws that emerge from each hand .
As of 2000 , the population was 25,275 .
April 9 -- After a bizarre weather phenomena of yellowish clouds and dust chokes the air around Hangzhou , Song Dynasty , China , obscuring the sky and sun , a fire breaks out at night in the southeast of the city , which continues into the next day .
The first 2,400 produced toys , which sold exclusively at the Berlin Zoo , sold out in only four days .
Bonnieville is a city in Hart County , Kentucky , United States .
Since then , the inline-four has become one of the most common engine configurations in street bikes . Outside of the cruiser category , the inline-four is simply the most common configuration because of its relatively high performance-to-cost ratio .
Ansonville Lilesville McFarlan Morven Peachland Polkton Wadesboro Law and government Anson County is a member of the regional Centralina Council of Governments .
The name given to the Capsicum fruits varies between English-speaking countries .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Forty-five of these units were built for express services for South West Trains .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 9 January 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 3 .
Ellon is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately 16 m north of Aberdeen , lying on the River Ythan which has one of the few undeveloped river estuaries on the Eastern coast of Scotland .
Fu Xiancai ( , born 1965 ) is a Chinese farmer and civil rights activist .
Hilton has also guest-starred in episodes of The O.C. , The George Lopez Show , Las Vegas , American Dreams , Dogg After Dark , and Veronica Mars .
Domitian appoints himself censor for life , which gives him the right to control the Senate .
It is the sequel to Sonic the Hedgehog and was followed by Sonic the Hedgehog 3 in 1994 .
Suppose that the steepest slope on a hill is 40 % .
Primary nucleation is the initial formation of a crystal where there are no other crystals present or where , if there are crystals present in the system , they do not have any influence on the process .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 342 people , 178 households , and 126 families residing in the town .
Though the original '' pool '' game was played on a pocketless carom billiards table , the term later stuck to pocket billiards as it gained in popularity .
After being condemned by an anonymous article ( sometimes attributed to Stalin ) in Pravda , the Communist Party newspaper , it was banned in the Soviet Union for almost thirty years .
Across the north Atlantic and southwest Indian ocean , they require central convection fairly near the center and a warming core in the mid-levels of the troposphere .
Biomass may also include biodegradable wastes that can be burnt as fuel .
It is north northeast of Bishop 's Stortford and about outside Harlow .
Amarillo is the 14th-largest city in the U.S. state of Texas , the largest in the Texas Panhandle , and the seat of Potter County .
This made it the focal point of trade across the western Sahara , and the center of the Sahelian kingdoms of Mali and Gao .
Conversion ( chemistry ) ( disambiguation )
Walter de Souza Goulart ( 17 July 1912 & ndash ; 13 November 1951 ) CBF profile is a former Brazilian football player .
In this broader sense , it sometimes includes injuries , disabilities , disorders , syndromes , infections , isolated symptoms , deviant behaviors , and atypical variations of structure and function , while in other contexts and for other purposes these may be considered distinguishable categories .
Les Autels-Saint-Bazile is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
With the widespread establishment of power grids , power transmission is usually associated most with electric power transmission .
On July 5 , Upton was named to the 2009 All-Star team as a reserve outfielder for the National League .
The Ateneo de Manila University operates from several campuses in Metro Manila , with each campus housing academic and research units .
Graham received the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
The need for a light rail system in Manchester was born out of a desire to link its two main railway stations , Piccadilly and Victoria .
Features new to Windows Vista
The Plot of Satire .
He is particularly notable for his choral music .
Even before Cornwallis ' surrender in October , Arnold had requested permission from Clinton to go to England to give Lord Germain his thoughts on the war in person .
With the expansion of Lehrter Bahnhof , it was able to take over the functions of Hamburger Bahnhof .
The keys , in practice , represent a shared secret between two or more parties that can be used to maintain a private information link .
Wolgemut was the leading artist in Nuremberg at the time , with a large workshop producing a variety of works of art , in particular woodcuts for books .
The Longsword is a type of European sword used during the late medieval period , approximately 1350 to 1550 ( with early and late use reaching into the 13th and 17th centuries , respectively ) .
It feeds on fruits and small insects and they conspicuously perch on trees and their calls are a loud three or four note call .
The population was 1,603 at the 2000 census .
