Chinantequilla is located in the municipality of Totontepec Villa de Morelos .
In its first (/O1801/O) and second (/O1802/O) editions , Juba , an African servant on a plantation in Jamaica , marries an English farm-girl named Lucy .
Marck is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Courpiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Fiction Records was founded in 1978 by Chris Parry .
On 22 April 2007 Nicolas Sarkozy won the plurality of votes in the first round of the 2007 presidential election .
Compatibility The USB standard specifies relatively loose tolerances for compliant USB connectors , intending to minimize incompatibilities in connectors produced by different vendors ( a goal that has been very successfully achieved ) .
Garin was born the son of Maurice Clément Garin and Maria Teresa Ozello in the Aosta Valley in north-west Italy , close to the French border .
It dates from the 10th century , but the inhabited portion is chiefly Elizabethan .
The Miller and Urey experiment ( or Urey- Miller experiment ) was an experiment that simulated hypothetical conditions thought at the time to be present on the early Earth , and tested for the occurrence of chemical origins of life .
Queen Alexandra 's Sulphur has more yellow on the underside of the fore wing and has a whitish spot in the center of the hind wing .
It is the only city in the county , and the most southerly city in Great Britain .
This patriotic song was written by Dmitri Shostakovich in 1951 ( opus 86 ) , with words by Yevgeniy Dolmatovsky .
It is administered by the Secretary of State , the office currently held by Hillary Clinton .
The town is the doorway to the Khyber pass , part of the Hindu Kush range .
Umbriel 's surface is the darkest of the Uranian moons , and reflects only about half as much light as Ariel , a sister satellite of similar size .
Hastings , sometimes called Hastings and St Leonards , is a town and Borough on the South coast of England , in East Sussex .
In Harry Patch 's book The Last Fighting Tommy , the author claims that Allingham planned to leave his body to medical science . In his own book Kitchener 's Last Volunteer Allingham confirmed that he was intending to leave his body to medical science .
His principal contributions were the powerful , widely read pamphlet Common Sense ( 1776 ) , advocating colonial America 's independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain , and The American Crisis ( 1776 - 1783 ) , a pro-revolutionary pamphlet series .
The show began as a series of shorts that premiered on PBS Kids GO !
Some services , especially in busy periods such as during Blackpool Illuminations or on bank holidays , start or terminate short at Cleveleys , Red Bank Road in Bispham , or the Pleasure Beach .
Lord Robert Cecil was first elected to the House of Commons in 1854 and served as Secretary of State for India in Lord Derby 's Conservative government from 1866 until his resignation in 1867 over its introduction of Benjamin Disraeli 's Reform Bill that extended the suffrage to working-class men .
The jackal 's long legs and curved canine teeth are adapted for hunting small mammals , birds , and reptiles .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. ( born January 17 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , record producer and actor .
Limpets exhibit a variety of defenses , such as fleeing or clamping their shells against the substratum .
There are old merchants ' mansions richly decorated with wood and stone carving in the historical center of Ulan-Ude , along the river banks which are exceptional examples of Russian classicism .
He is the only member aside from founder and guitarist Oscar Dronjak to appear on all of the band 's albums .
Current-generation F1 cars can easily surpass 300 k on the long straight between corners 13 and 14 .
Reto Ziegler ( born 16 January 1986 in Geneva ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Sampdoria .
It was written for the trumpet player Timofei Dokschitzer ( just before the 29-year-old Arutunian was awarded the State Prize of the USSR for his '' Motherland '' cantata ) . The concerto 's introduction to the USA is solely due to Dokschitzer , a Soviet trumpeter , who immigrated to the States and premiered the concerto there .
The London Symphony Orchestra ( LSO ) is a major orchestra of the United Kingdom , as well as one of the best-known orchestras in the world .
He was called to the Bar in 1812 and became a Crown Law Officer in Bermuda and married Amelia Sophia Grant in 1813 , returning to England in 1815 .
Louisville 's Riverwalk Trail , which passes through Shawnee Park , extends across Louisville 's waterfront , which is an extensive , mostly flat pedestrian pathway .
By the time it received its first Christian bishop , Trifillios , in 348 , the town was called Lefkousia or Ledra .
Mauve was first named in 1856 . Chemist Sir William Henry Perkin , then eighteen , was attempting to create artificial quinine .
Carsten Ramelow ( ; born 20 March 1974 ) is a retired German footballer , who played as either a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
It holds all of the date processing code for , while picks out the award .
Eisten is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Following The Hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo Attila with Hassles drummer Jon Small .
Mondo de traviva oj , autobiography and adventures throughout five continents .
Above the mantle is a pavilion gules again topped with the royal crown .
It is generally considered to be the fifth mainstream game of the Call of Duty series and returns the setting to World War II .
When they occur within the Milky Way , supernovae have historically been observed by naked-eye observers as '' new stars '' where none existed before .
The Canidae family is divided into the '' true dogs '' of the tribe Canini and the '' foxes '' of the tribe Vulpini .
In 1974 the two districts were merged , and in 1984 the name Siegen-Wittgenstein was adopted .
In 1983 he founded the '' Rally '' Armenian pop-rock band , the participant of '' Song-85 '' festival .
CNR also included a set of Click and Buy ( CNB ) software , which included many commercial applications to members at a discounted rate .
It is used primarily to reduce the pain of intramuscular injection of penicillin , and it was also used in dentistry .
The road sections that are used were rebuilt prior to the inaugural event in 1996 to ensure consistency and smoothness .
The remains of an ancient barrier reef similar to the Great Barrier Reef can be found in The Kimberley , a northern region of Western Australia .
Apart from this land border , the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , the North Sea , the English Channel and the Irish Sea .
Dentition pertains to the development of teeth and their arrangement in the mouth .
Monkey Island is the collective name given to a series of five graphical adventure games produced and published by LucasArts , originally known as LucasFilm Games through the development of the first game in the series .
Guus Hiddink ( ) ( born 8 November 1946 ) is a Dutch manager , and former professional football player .
composer .
Since its formation , Alice in Chains has released four studio albums , three EPs , two live albums , four compilations , and two DVDs .
Playing context The guqin is nearly always used a solo instrument , as its quietness of tone means that it can not compete with the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble .
Comedy-drama , also known as dramedy or seriocomedy , Dictionary.com : seriocomedy is a genre of television , theater , and film in which there is an equal or nearly equal balance of humor and serious content .
Anderlues is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
However , Rome , fearing the growing strength of Hannibal in Iberia , made an alliance with the city of Saguntum , which lay a considerable distance south of the River Ebro and claimed the city as its protectorate .
The living quarters consisted of its own kitchen , dining area , bathrooms and bedrooms .
Most visibly , much of its work has concerned the introduction of new generic top-level domains ( TLDs ) .
brand and Ric Flair in control of the Raw brand .
Chabad-LubavitchAlso Chabad , Habad or Lubavitch is a Hasidic movement in Orthodox Judaism .
The importance of the city further increased with the completion of the Turkestan-Siberia Railway in the early 20th century .
Such growth has created numerous challenges , including boycotts , doping , bribery of officials , and terrorism .
The is a 32-bit handheld video game console developed , manufactured , and marketed by Nintendo .
Chad is bounded to the north by Libya , to the east by Sudan , to the west by Niger , Nigeria and Cameroon , and to the south by the Central African Republic .
The ocean liner RMS Titanic strikes an iceberg in the North Atlantic in 1912 , and sinks on its maiden voyage .
The word piercing can refer to the act or practice of body piercing , or to an opening in the body created by this act or practice .
Salisbury Cathedral , formally known as the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary , is an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury , England , considered one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
In baseball statistics , stolen bases are denoted by SB .
The Showy Lady 's - slipper ( Cypripedium reginae ) , also known as the Pink-and-white Lady 's - slipper or the Queen 's Lady 's - slipper , is a rare terrestrial temperate lady 's - slipper orchid native to northern North America .
Romana first appears in The Ribos Operation , and was intended as a contrast to her predecessor , the savage , Leela .
The 19 cm long , 47 g weight Black-headed Grosbeak is a migratory bird , with nesting grounds from southwestern British Columbia , through the western half of the United States , into central Mexico .
Recent studies in neuroscience have indicated that as people fall in love , the brain consistently releases a certain set of chemicals , including pheromones , dopamine , norepinephrine , and serotonin , which act in a manner similar to amphetamines , stimulating the brain 's pleasure center and leading to side effects such as increased heart rate , loss of appetite and sleep , and an intense feeling of excitement .
The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2 , 1187 .
March 19 - A partial solar eclipse occurs , visible in Asia .
They eloped at San Francisco City Hall on January 14 , 1954 .
History The municipality is first documented in 1171 as Faedo .
One is Indian word for '' laughing waters '' , '' Minnehaha , '' and one is Greek word for '' city '' , '' polis . ''
In the medical field , it is synonymous with the word '' treatment '' .
European settlement of the area began in the 1820s , and the town itself was established by the New South Wales government in 1840 .
It is the second largest town in the county , with a population of approximately 11,000 people , Population estimates for LSOAs , wards & towns in Herefordshire , 2008 ( XLS format ) and is located at the confluence of the River Lugg and its tributary the River Kenwater .
Labroye is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa .
It is used to date events in many Muslim countries ( concurrently with the Gregorian calendar ) , and used by Muslims everywhere to determine the proper day on which to celebrate Islamic holy days and festivals .
The group also recorded a song , '' Stand By Me '' , for the Korean drama adaptation of popular manga series Boys Over Flowers by Yoko Kamio .
Ingonish lies at the eastern entrance to Cape Breton Highlands National Park .
The paper concerned an exciting memory improvement in Model 85 , a latecomer in the IBM System/360 product line .
Saint-Médard-d'Eyrans is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The story is a retelling of Cinderella with a feminist twist and a different version of the happily-ever-after ending .
Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , with a population of c. 42,000 .
openSUSE is driven by the openSUSE Project community and sponsored by Novell , to develop and maintain SUSE Linux distributions components .
The Province of Reggio Emilia is one of the eight provinces of the Italian Region of Emilia-Romagna .
Defenestration is the act of throwing someone or something out of a window .
Despite its name , based on a Berber expression meaning '' place of the winds '' , the city was selected as the capital city for its moderate climate and central location within the country .
It was closed in 1932 and converted into a hotel which functioned until 1980s .
It is claimed by India as part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir .
A puck is a disk used in various games serving the same functions as a ball in ball games .
Chase Field ( formerly Bank One Ballpark ) is a baseball stadium located in downtown Phoenix , Arizona and is the home of the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball .
Following an international contest for the city 's design , a blueprint by the Chicago architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected and construction commenced in 1913 .
Self-sustaining feral populations occur in many places , mainly in North America and Europe .
It was originally developed by the Southern Pacific Railroad and was widely sold ; it is best known in Britain for its use by British Rail and its successors .
They split up on 27 September 2001 , after selling almost 15 million records , and having 11 top ten singles and four top ten albums in the UK .
This choice was made knowing that Asada would not be eligible to compete at the 2006 Winter Olympics , because the age standards for the Olympic and ISU championship competitions were different from those for the Grand Prix .
Isle-Aumont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
There were twelve tropical storms in the eastern Pacific Ocean in the 2002 season .
At certain times of the year , the lower tidal reaches of the Trent experience a moderately large tidal bore ( up to five feet ( 1.5 m ) high ) , commonly known as the Trent Aegir .
As of October 2009 , over 100 million copies of games in the Need for Speed series have been sold .
While it fell short of the republic that he 'd originally fought to create , Collins concluded that the Treaty offered Ireland '' the freedom to achieve freedom . ''
Although the Elvish languages Sindarin and Quenya are the most famous and the most mature languages of those that Tolkien invented for his mythology , they are by no means the only ones .
It is usually referred to simply as '' King 's '' within the university .
There are new mini-games called Bounty Hunter , Clan Wars , Duel Arena , and Fist of Guthix .
Georgia 's constitution is that of a representative democracy , organized as a unitary , semi-presidential republic .
Yui was born in Fukuoka , Japan .
In a 15 January 2008 news release , the Republic of Lakotah proposed that independence from the United States might follow a Compact of Free Association and suggested that the independence process could resemble that of the Philippines , Palau , the Federated States of Micronesia or the Marshall Islands .
Filamentation is the anomalous growth of certain bacteria , such as E. coli , in which cells continue to elongate but do not divide ( no septa formation ) .
Mesnil-Clinchamps is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Armenian Legion , established with the French-Armenian Agreement ( 1916 ) , was a foreign legion unit within French Army .
The track was reopened on April 10 , 2005 .
Some pansexuals suggest that they are gender-blind ; that gender and sex are insignificant or irrelevant in determining whether they will be sexually attracted to others .
The trill is indicated by either a or a ~ ~ , with the ~ representing the length of the trill , above the staff .
Nwankwo Christian Nwosu Kanu , OON ( born 1 August 1976 in Owerri , Nigeria ) , or simply Kanu , is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Football League Championship club Portsmouth .
In mathematics , the Pythagorean theorem or Pythagoras ' theorem is a relation in Euclidean geometry among the three sides of a right triangle ( right-angled triangle ) .
Stephen John '' Steve '' Perryman MBE ( born 21 December 1951 in Ealing , London ) is a former English international football player and current manager who is best remembered for his successes with Tottenham Hotspur during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Toronto , Canada On July 10 , 2007 it was revealed that the Canadian Olympic Committee had begun work on a potential bid for the 2020 or 2024 games for Toronto , the capital of Ontario and largest city in Canada .
The Kalahari supports some animals and plants because most of it is not a true desert .
January 7 & ndash ; Catharine of Aragon , first consort queen from Henry VIII , dies .
Some proponents of the argument reason that it explains why the Universe has the age and the fundamental physical constants necessary to accommodate conscious life .
Although '' severely elevated mood '' sounds somewhat desirable and enjoyable , the experience of mania is ultimately often quite unpleasant and sometimes disturbing , if not frightening , for the person involved and for those close to them , and it may lead to impulsive behavior that may later be regretted .
The capital and largest city is Prague ( ) .
In 2004 , 50 former soldiers had their home in Bronbeek .
Tre Valli Varesine , ( 1941 , 1948 , 1955 )
It was also voted fifth in the BBC 's '' Britain 's Best Sitcom '' poll in 2004 .
Susan Kay '' Suzi '' Quatro ( born June 3 , 1950 ) is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and actress .
See the list of real-time operating systems for a comprehensive list .
Recke is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
'' Welcome to the Black Parade '' ( also going by the shortened title The Black Parade and originally titled '' The Five of Us are Dying '' ) is the first single and fifth track from My Chemical Romance 's third studio album , The Black Parade .
This can be more difficult than it appears , as even partially-chosen-ciphertexts can permit subtle attacks .
On August 27th , 2010 , Barker underwent surgery yet again to remove new polyp growths from his throat .
The fastest time so far recorded has been that of Iban Mayo in the individual climbing time trial of the 2004 Dauphiné Libéré : 55 ' 51 '' .
For example , there are many countries which have designated public areas as nude beaches , or where nude bathing is unofficially tolerated .
Types of symmetric-key algorithms Symmetric-key algorithms can be divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers .
Specific gravity usually means relative density with respect to water .
On 27 May 2008 , he became the first German to be voted on to the Board of Governors of the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design in Jerusalem , where he started his ongoing series of seminars , workshops and symposia '' reflecting waters '' .
Stations include :
The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces .
The series was co-created by Steven Bochco , Bill Clark , David Milch and William M. Finkelstein .
It has a population of about 46,600 .
When the Olympic Games of 1972 were awarded to Munich in 1966 , construction was sped up to get the '' Olympic '' line finished on time .
The Local Government Act 1985 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom .
It should not be confused with the monthly publication Le Monde diplomatique , of which Le Monde has 51 % ownership , but which is editorially independent .
Smaller riverboats can reach higher as far as Achual Point .
Portuguese exploration of Africa and Asia , Columbus 's voyage to the Americas ( 1492 ) and finally Ferdinand Magellan 's circumnavigation of the Earth ( 1519 - 21 ) provided the final , practical proofs for the global shape of the Earth .
Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising is a turn-based tactics video game developed for the Game Boy Advance by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2003 .
In biology , meiosis ( pronounced ) is a process of reductional division in which the number of chromosomes per cell is cut in half .
It is located at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain , and is one of the world 's most important agricultural centers , with its distinction as the strawberry and lima bean capital .
The President of the United States is customarily sworn in by the Chief Justice of the United States , and the British sovereign is always crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury .
Singles '' Fake Plastic Trees '' , '' High and Dry '' , '' Just '' , and '' Street Spirit ( Fade Out ) '' achieved chart success in the UK , '' Street Spirit ( Fade Out ) '' put Radiohead in the top five for the first time .
Y ryaku is believed to be referred to as Bu ( , In Japanese , it is read as Take or Takeru ) in contemporary Chinese records .
Restauration can refer to :
The close friendship between Clapton and Harrison resulted in Clapton 's playing on Harrison 's '' While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' from the Beatles ' White Album .
He reasoned that if children have the skill to acquire their mother tongue , then they have the necessary ability to become proficient on a musical instrument .
In 1987 , Mercury was diagnosed with HIV and the band together made the decision to cease touring , making the concert at Knebworth on 9 August 1986 the last time the four members of Queen would perform onstage together .
To you it dares , Argentines , the pride of the vile invader ; your fields it steps on , retelling so many glories as winner .
Zone in Orlando , Florida .
Many Protestants use the term pastor as a title ( e.g. , Pastor Smith ) or as a job title ( like Senior Pastor or Worship Pastor ) .
are examples of artists often categorized as blues musicians for their music , although their lyrics clearly belong to the spirituals .
Its mayor is Anita Schwarz .
Bergouey-Viellenave ( ) is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Karl Carstens ( 14 December 1914 -- 30 May 1992 ) was a German politician .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is an action role-playing game developed by Square Enix and Japanese studio Jupiter and published by Square Enix in 2004 for the Game Boy Advance .
To address these concerns , the Komodo National Park was founded in 1980 to protect Komodo dragon populations on islands including Komodo , Rinca , and Padar .
Derby Museum and Art Gallery was established in 1879 , along with Derby Central Library , in a new building designed by Richard Knill Freeman and given to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass .
Named the greatest Japanese invention of the 20th century in a Japanese poll , BBC News instant ramen allowed anyone to make this dish simply by adding boiling water .
The Paleozoic or Palaeozoic Era ( from the Greek palaios ( ) , '' old '' and zoe ( ) , '' life '' , meaning '' ancient life '' ) is the earliest of three geologic eras of the Phanerozoic Eon .
The album peaked at # 10 on Billboard 200 on July 29 , 2007 and was certified Gold by the RIAA in October 2007 .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
The spines , which in some species are long and sharp , serve to protect the urchin from predators .
May & ndash ; William of Rubruck from Constantinople returns to Cyprus from his missionary journey to convert the Tatars of central and eastern Asia , his efforts having been unsuccessful .
Pohjola plays chacarera and jazz compositions with Argentinean bassist and composer Fernando Huergo , which recorded Provinciano for Sunnyside Records in 2008 , on which Pohjola is also credited as the mixing engineer .
Around midnight , after nearly all critical offices and buildings had fallen into Nazi hands in Vienna and the main political party members of the old government had been arrested , Miklas finally conceded to appoint Seyss-Inquart Chancellor .
Most sovereign states are states de jure and de facto ( i.e. they exist both in law and in reality ) .
Lucy Lawless - Newsweek Magazine - Her Cup Runneth Over Lawless first appeared on Broadway in September 1997 in the Grease play remake , as the '' bad girl '' Rizzo character .
The San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station ( SONGS ) is a nuclear power plant located on the Pacific coast of California .
Burnside is a city in Pulaski County , Kentucky , United States .
For example , some animals can be entrained to a 22-hour day , but they can not be entrained to a 20-hour day .
November 6 & ndash ; Edmund Mortimer , 5th Earl of March , English politician ( d. 1425 )
Thumper , Hopper 's pet grasshopper in A Bug 's Life
During 1901 , the Duke of Cornwall and York , later King George V and Duchess journeyed by train on 13 May from Melbourne to Ballarat .
Retrieved on 21 February 2008 .
After WWII , animated Disney movies from America , like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and Bambi were very popular and many artists used a similar style .
From 1922 , following the partition of Ireland , it became the capital of the Irish Free State ( 1922 -- 1949 ) and now is the capital of the Republic of Ireland .
He plays as a midfielder .
According to one FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers , Chapter 8 : Seeds , Fruits , and Cones .
Olive Hill is the birthplace of country music singer Tom T. Hall , a fact that is noted on the '' Welcome to Olive Hill '' signs on the edges of town .
Socialist Party is the name of several different political parties around the world that are explicitly called Socialist .
Zipeg reads EXIF thumbnails from JPEG digital photographs and uses them for '' tool tip '' style preview and item icons .
One additional specimen has been scientifically described and referred to the species : an incomplete but articulated postcranial skeleton , numbered IVPP 12583 .
Lower secondary students wear a white short-sleeved shirt , white short trousers and white socks .
WrestleMania XXVI is the forthcoming twenty-sixth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
In the early years of Latvia 's independence from the USSR he held the posts of education minister from 1990 to 1993 , and finance minister from 1994 to 1995 .
As the player continues through each of the four acts , he faces off against two of the Prime Evils ( Mephisto - Act III and Diablo - Act IV , with Baal , the last prime evil , being the main boss in the expansion pack i.e. Act V ) , and two lesser evils ( Andariel - Act I and Duriel - Act II ) , who act as minor bosses for the first two acts .
Although in modern usage the county of Devon is now rarely called ` Devonshire ' , the title remained ` Duke of Devonshire ' .
The river traverses the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario and forms part of the international boundary between Ontario and New York in the United States .
The 2008 -- 09 NHL season was the 91st season of the National Hockey League .
On the North it is bounded by the Barents Sea , on the West by the Norwegian Sea and on the East by the White Sea .
The area of the oceans of the water hemisphere is much larger than its land area , but the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is still larger than its land area .
Bull recognized the 15-year-old boy 's talent and persuaded his parents to send him to the Leipzig Conservatory , then directed by Ignaz Moscheles .
The 2009 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts , held from August 31 to September 14 , 2009 in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows , New York City , United States .
Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg ( ) was a duchy ruled by the Ernestine branch of the House of Wettin in today 's Thuringia , Germany .
Terbium ( , ) is a chemical element with the symbol Tb and atomic number 65 .
Diprotodon , or the Giant Wombat , or the Rhinoceros Wombat , was the largest known marsupial that ever lived .
Marvin won the 1965 Academy Award for Best Actor for his comic role in the offbeat western Cat Ballou starring Jane Fonda .
where both a and b are positive integers smaller than n/O. Since n is the smallest number which can not be written as a product of primes , both a and b can be written as products of primes .
euro = South West England
UPDATE 1-Myanmar cyclone stirs more rice supply fears The Daily Telegraph ( UK ) reported that food prices in Burma could be affected by this disaster .
In 1988 a NIH report concluded that a BMI over 25 is overweight and a BMI over 30 is obese . In the 1990s the World Health Organization ( WHO ) decided that a BMI of 25 to 29 should be considered overweight and a BMI over 30 is obese , the standards the NIH set .
It is also used to express the speed of delivery of a ball in various sporting events , such as cricket , tennis , and baseball at the higher levels of competition .
It has an ancient historical center , derived from the time in which it was the Etruscans ' port , in the surroundings of Populonia .
While still attending the California Institute of the Arts , Hartman received the chance to intern as an in-between animator on the Don Bluth film , '' An American Tail '' .
Software The S5 product line is usually programmed with a PC based software programming tool called Step 5 .
When expanded , the universities are almost always referred to as '' Oxford and Cambridge '' , the order in which they were founded . A notable exception is Japan 's Cambridge and Oxford Society , probably arising from the fact that the Cambridge Club was founded there first , and also had more members than its Oxford counterpart when they amalgamated in 1905 .
Liu was formerly a civil servant in the Beijing tax bureau , and met her husband Liu Xiaobo while part of the Beijing literary scene in the 1980s .
The mill was built in 1861 , and purchased by brothers Charles and Frederick Schwamb in 1864 for the manufacture of circular and elliptical picture frames .
Fecundity is under both genetic and environmental control , and is the major measure of fitness .
Cagny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
From then on , Qin was taking its shape to become the most powerful state in China before it eventually brought all of the six other states together ( Qi , Chu , Han , Yan , Zhao , and Wei ) under Qin Shi Huang .
Hadith Qudsi ( or Sacred Hadith ) is a sub-category of hadith , which are sayings of Muhammad .
The cyclone continued tracking northwestward , making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach , Florida with winds of 35 mph ( 55 km/h ) .
Neil Shaka Hislop , CM ( born 22 February 1969 ) is a former professional football goalkeeper .
March 29 -- Pope Vigilius succeeds Pope Silverius as the 59th pope , when the latter is deposed by Belisarius at the order of Justinian .
The word use of Basic English is similar to full English , but the rules are much simpler , and there are fewer exceptions .
Survivor : All-Stars is the eighth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Another example is fans of the Twilight film series , coined '' Twi-Hards '' , and originating from '' Twilight '' and '' Die-hard '' , or '' Twilight '' and '' Try-hard '' .
They are scheduled to be held from August 5 to 21 , 2016 .
Camelin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In 1996 , he had a full season in the series and became the first Indian and the first Asian to win the Formula Asia International series .
Zutphen is also twinned with the English town Shrewsbury , in the Midlands county of Shropshire .
With the spread of universal education , the exposure of speakers of Austro-Bavarian to Standard German has been increasing , and many younger people , especially in the region 's cities , and larger towns speak standard German with only a slight accent .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tochigi S.C. .
Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .
Valeri Kuzmyich Nepomniachi , ( born 7 August 1943 in Slavgorod , Altai Krai ) is a former Russian football ( soccer ) player and current manager .
Oahu was apparently the first of the Hawaiian Islands sighted by the crew of HMS Resolution on 18 January 1778 during Captain James Cook 's third Pacific expedition .
These Assembly members are co-opted for a period of four years , and there is no limit to the number of terms an individual member can serve .
The 1971 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1971 , and lasted until November 30 , 1971 .
Fifteen of the original characters from Total Drama Island returned : Owen , Izzy , Duncan , Courtney , Bridgette , Gwen , Cody , Harold , Noah , Lindsay , DJ , Heather , LeShawna , Ezekiel , and Tyler .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
The set featured an oval-shaped TitanTron entrance and stage ( dubbed the '' OvalTron '' ) which made it stand out from the Raw set and its rectangular TitanTrons .
Accusations of plagiarism Sholokhov was accused of plagiarizing And Quiet Flows the Don , which made his international reputation .
After three years on the SmackDown brand , the WWE Championship switched brands during the 2005 WWE Draft Lottery , in which the WWE Champion John Cena was drafted to Raw while the World Heavyweight Champion Batista was drafted to SmackDown .
Where it is inclined , it is sometimes called a slant-four .
Peechelba Post Office opened on 2 September 1880 to the north of the township now , and was renamed Bundalong South in 1883 when a new Peechelba office opened .
He is notable as a performer of Australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .
The bridge was dedicated on October 24 , 1931 , and opened to traffic the following day .
Fifteen years after the Bounty mutiny , he was appointed Governor of New South Wales in Australia , with orders to clean up the corrupt rum trade of the New South Wales Corps , resulting in the so-called Rum Rebellion .
Kokernag Tehsil
In Catholic tradition , the basilica is the burial site of its namesake Saint Peter , who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus and , according to tradition , first Bishop of Rome and therefore first in the line of the papal succession . Tradition and some historical evidence hold that Saint Peter 's tomb is directly below the altar of the basilica .
After signing with WWE , she competed in their former developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling , where she became a two time Women 's Champion before being called up to the main roster .
In all , Marilyn caused $ 1.5 billion ( 1995 USD ) in damage , killing 13 people in its path .
This edition was started in January 2002 and has over articles and more than registered accounts .
Most of this comes in the form of snow during the winter .
This advertisement is visible everywhere from the park to Teppei 's 30-year-old refrigerator , as '' True love never runs smooth '' is the unofficial tagline of this TV series .
The Uses of a Liberal Education : And Other Talks to Students .
It falls on the Triceratops horn and its throat is impaled by it .
date unknown -- Alphonse I of Toulouse ( b. 1103 ) , Count of Toulouse
From its inception to version 8.0 , Mandrake named its flagship distribution Linux-Mandrake .
It was distributed under the name Sega Super 32X in Japan , Sega Genesis 32X in North America , Sega Mega Drive 32X in the PAL region , and Sega Mega 32X in Brazil .
-- )
Saint Martin was for many years a French commune forming part of Guadeloupe , which is an overseas région and département of France and is therefore in the European Union .
Dartmouth College is a private , Ivy League university in Hanover , New Hampshire , United States .
The recipient is announced during half-time of Chick-fil-A Bowl on December 31 in Atlanta , Georgia .
At the San Francisco International Airport , the animals escape after Chance panics and breaks free from his carrier .
Far right : southern solstice
They had two daughters , Brigitte and Samantha , and a son , Damon who later became Formula One World Champion , the only son of a former champion to do so .
The eruption lasted for what was thought as over 19 hours .
There are many different languages and cultures found in the India .
Today Kozani is the administrative , commercial , economic , and transport center of the region of West Macedonia .
This experience creates an absentmindedness where the manic individual 's thoughts totally preoccupy him or her , making him or her unable to keep track of time , or be aware of anything besides the flow of thoughts .
Hanna Miller '' American Pie , '' American Heritage , April\/May 2006 .
Much of the state of Florida is situated on a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico , the Atlantic Ocean , and the Straits of Florida .
He first meets his uncle , Mississippi riverboater Angus '' Pothole '' McDuck , and the Beagle Boys , a family of outlaws that remain his enemies for the rest of his life .
Spiro Agnew was born in Baltimore , Maryland .
His family was rich , and his father Euphorion was a member of the Eupatridae , the ancient nobility of Attica .
Around 1465 he worked at the lavabo of the Old Sacristy in San Lorenzo , Florence .
Gretzky 's trade to the Kings popularized ice hockey in the United States .
At the same time , Calvin was dismayed by the lack of unity among the reformers .
He is best known for his starring roles in 17 Again with Zac Efron , in Sonny With a Chance as Chad Dylan Cooper with Demi Lovato , and in Starstruck as Christopher Wilde .
Booted eagles have legs and feet feathered to the toes and build very large stick nests .
With secularization in 1848 , the buildings became a teachers ' school .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 23 , 1992 .
In mammals , the thorax is the region of the body formed by the sternum , the thoracic vertebrae , and the ribs .
The term '' security clearance '' is also sometimes used in private organizations that have a formal process to vet employees for access to sensitive information .
Sejanus began a series of purge trials of senators and wealthy equestrians in the city , removing those capable of opposing his power as well as extending the imperial ( and his own ) treasury .
The Black Parade Is Dead !
Earwigs tend to gather in shady cracks or openings or anywhere that they can remain concealed during daylight . Some people erroneously believe that earwigs burrow into people 's ears ; that is mostly a myth , although earwigs may crawl into ears and some can bite , as other insects do ( see above ) .
Any ( normally any account older than 4 days with at least 10 edits ) can mark a page as patrolled .
Traditionally , the candle and candle holders were made in the same place , so they were appropriately sized , but international trade has combined the modern candle with existing holders , which makes the ill-fitting candle more common .
The University of Nottingham is a public research university based in Nottingham , United Kingdom , with further campuses in Ningbo , China and Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The English language translation , World Canine Organisation , is not often used .
Ranging in size from the relatively small pigeon-sized jackdaws ( Eurasian and Daurian ) to the Common Raven of the Holarctic region and Thick-billed Raven of the highlands of Ethiopia , the 40 or so members of this genus occur on all temperate continents ( except South America ) and several offshore and oceanic islands ( including Hawaii ) .
She is said to appear in a mirror when her name is called three times or sometimes more , depending upon the version of the story , often as part of a game .
It is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe , about 5,000 years old .
Zebras arose within the Old World horses within the last 4 million years . Grevy 's zebras ( and perhaps also Mountain Zebras ) are with asses and donkeys in a separate lineage from the other zebra lineages .
The second part of the double album , Hypnotize , was released on November 22 , 2005 .
In England and Wales , the only part of the United Kingdom where the law had any effect , no prosecutions of common scolds have occurred for a considerable period .
The inhabitants were affected by the earthquake disaster on 8 October 2005 .
See WikiProject Chemistry .
T is the absolute temperature in kelvins .
With a head-to-tail length of 45 to 60 cm and a weight of 3 to 10 kg , it ranks among the smaller macaques .
Yeast-raised doughnuts contain about 25 % oil by weight , whereas cake doughnuts ' oil content is around 20 % , but they have extra fat included in the batter before frying .
Many countries and subnational political entities have libertarian political parties .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 93 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
In 1480 , Ivan III had finally broken the Russians free from Tatar control , allowing Moscow to become the center of power in Russia .
Neo is trained as a member of the rebellion .
In Metroid II : Return of Samus , Samus bonds with a Metroid , which later sacrifices itself to save her from Mother Brain in Super Metroid .
Report of Commissioners , Vol I , New Delhi , p 105 These massive casualties earned general Dyer the infamous epitaph of '' The Butcher of Amritsar '' in India .
The DudeJungle Jim
External links Archives Alvar Aalto Foundation Custodian of Aalto 's architectural drawings and writings .
Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbours becomes a live cell .
They found no evidence of any wrongdoing , indeed the Tribunal heard evidence as to the considerable hardship that FitzGerald went to - to the extent of selling of his family home - to repay the debt to the best of his ability .
Yatton is a village and civil parish within the unitary authority of North Somerset , which falls within the ceremonial county of Somerset , England .
Evolution The class developed during the Late Cambrian , and underwent pulses of diversification during the Ordovician period to become diverse and dominant in the Paleozoic and Mesozoic seas .
It can be distinguished from other members of the genus by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet , it has five claws on its fore feet and four on its hind feet .
Sea cucumbers are found on the sea floor worldwide .
Sankofa was put to death following a series of last minute legal maneuvers , including an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court , which declined to halt the execution in a 5-4 vote .
In computing , cache coherence ( also cache coherency ) refers to the consistency of data stored in local caches of a shared resource .
Alan Gray ( 23 December 1855 , York -- 27 September 1935 , Cambridge ) was a British organist and composer .
Luca Toni , ( born 26 May 1977 in Pavullo nel Frignano , Modena ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who is currently playing for Serie A club Juventus .
The Mail on Sunday was launched on 2 May 1982 , to complement the Daily Mail .
It was first announced on December 12 , 2006 .
Trams run from Starr Gate in the south to Fleetwood in the north .
Huckabee is the author of several books , a non-ordained Southern Baptist minister and a public speaker .
It also depends upon such environmental conditions as light intensity , humidity , winds and temperature .
Canada makes limited use of separation of powers in practice , although in theory it distinguishes between branches of government .
is a former Japanese football ( soccer ) referee , debuting in Japan 's professional J. League in 1996 .
'' Napalm B '' is the more modern version of napalm and , although distinctly different in its chemical composition , it is often referred to simply as '' napalm '' .
Home rule was granted in 1979 .
Khairpur is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Pargnan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hearst did not know of Bierce 's column and claimed to have pulled Brisbane 's after it ran in a first edition , but the incident would haunt him for the rest of his life and all but destroyed his presidential ambitions .
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The egg is widely used as a symbol of the start of new life , just as new life emerges from an egg when the chick hatches out .
The Temple of Artemis was located near the ancient city of Ephesus , about 50 km south from the modern port city of zmir , in Turkey .
This county has a total area of 7,754 km .
He is best known for his work in the World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , but was released from his contract on May 21 , 2010 .
Penin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was discovered by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
His father 's alcoholism and ill health kept him from training Arnold in the family mercantile business , but his mother 's family connections secured an apprenticeship for Arnold with two of her cousins , brothers Daniel and Joshua Lathrop , who operated a successful apothecary and general merchandise trade in Norwich .
Services opened to the public on 24 February 1906 from The Angel , Islington to Aldwych , with a ceremonial opening by the chairman of the Highways Committee .
One of the major producers of theses metals in Albany is Wah Chang Corporation who has a 110 a site that primarily focuses on the production of zirconium .
He was the first prime minister from the Australian Labour Party ( the spelling of ` Labour ' was changed to ` Labor ' in 1912 ) , and the first Labour Party prime minister in the world .
It flows west to east and crosses the Paktia Province Afghan-Pakistan border at about 80 km southwest of Jalalabad , and joins the Indus near Isa Khel after a course of more than 320 km ( 200 miles ) .
Deep in the shady sadness of a vale , Far sunken from the healthy breath of morn , Far from the fiery noon , and eve 's one star , Sat gray-hair 'd Saturn , quiet as a stone , Still as the silence round about his lair .
A few authors have proposed alternative indices to address some of the index 's shortcomings .
Mullah Mohammed Omar ( ; born c. 1959 ) , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The village is located within the Town of Argyle .
The song also reached # 1 on the worldwide chart .
She is best known as the wife of 2010 Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo .
Every Nintendo handheld system following the release of the original Game Boy Advance ( SP and Micro versions of the Game Boy Advance , as well as the Nintendo DS , DS Lite , and DSi ) has included a built-in light and rechargeable battery .
Auld started his junior career with the North Bay Centennials of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) at the tail end of the 1997 -- 98 season , appearing in six games without registering a win .
The Basic Law merely provides , in Article 52.1 , that '' the Bundesrat elects its President for one year '' .
However , recent fossil evidence from Queensland suggests that the Komodo dragon evolved in Australia before spreading to Indonesia .
He is most famous as the creator of the Artemis Fowl series , but he has also achieved success with other books .
the Soviet Republics of the former Soviet Union .
John Fitzgerald '' Jack '' Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 -- November 22 , 1963 ) , often referred to by his initials JFK , was the 35th President of the United States , serving from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
Apple develops its own operating system to run on Macs , Mac OS X , the latest version being Mac OS X v10 .6 Snow Leopard . Apple also independently develops computer software titles for its Mac OS X operating system .
The city changed hands several times .
The Flag of Sri Lanka , also called the Lion Flag , consists of a gold lion , holding a sword in its right fore paw , in front of a crimson background with four golden bo leaves , one in each corner .
A physical coefficient is an important number that characterizes some physical property of a technical or scientific object .
The park was the site of The Great Exhibition of 1851 , for which the Crystal Palace was designed by Joseph Paxton .
Working on one invention can lead to others too .
These little particles are accelerated around the Large Hadron Collider in opposite directions at high speeds by magnetism .
The measurements determine whether the soil is strong enough to build a road on .
A jointer plane ( including the smaller fore plane ) is between long , and is used for jointing and final flattening out of boards .
Ajaz Anwar is a distinguished painter of Pakistan .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
Amy Lee Grant ( born November 25 , 1960 in Augusta , Georgia ) is an American singer-songwriter , author , media personality and occasional actress , best known for her contemporary Christian music .
Martin Luther and Scripture Martin Luther and Scripture .
The project released the first beta of 64 Studio , version 0.9.0 code-named ` Toe Rag ' , on August 1 , 2006 .
Silas Marner : The Weaver of Raveloe is a dramatic novel by George Eliot .
Barons Court is a London Underground station in West Kensington , Greater London .
He had previously managed A.F.C. Bournemouth , West Ham United , Portsmouth , Southampton and Portsmouth in a second spell .
Outside of WWE , Jericho is the frontman of Fozzy , an American heavy metal band , and a star of the wrestling documentary Bloodstained Memoirs .
The also French Gault Millau restaurant guide gave him 17 points and 3 hoods and elected him Cook of the year in 1989 .
The Germanic languages constitute a sub-branch of the Indo-European ( IE ) language family .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy has been awarded 54 times to 23 different players since its beginnings in 1954 .
Her movie roles include work in Dogma , Jersey Girl , and Red State .
Mutafian , p. 61 Leo died in 1289 , and was succeeded by his son Hetoum II .
After crossing a bridge , they reached the gardens in front of the palace , and Moberly noticed a lady sketching on the grass who looked at them .
Annexation After her marriage , she was given the name Lakshmi Bai .
Dostoevsky is believed to have based the character of Alyosha on his friend , Vladimir Solovyov , a Russian philosopher and poet who led a generous life , to the point of giving away his clothes to people in the street .
The biblical story of Noah is contained in chapters 6 -- 9 of the book of Genesis , where he saves his family and representatives of all animals from the flood by constructing an ark/O. Noah 's Ark - Jewish Encyclopedia He is also mentioned as the '' first husbandman '' and in the story of the Curse of Ham .
The House of Balsic 's rule of Montenegro comes to an end .
During 1962 Markov published the novel '' Men '' which won the annual award of the Union of Bulgarian Writers and he was subsequently accepted as a member of the Union , a prerequisite for a professional career in literature during the Stalinist times in Bulgaria .
The electrical properties of the two pieces of glass are similar to each other but opposite to those of the two pieces of resin : the glass attracts what the resin repels and repels what the resin attracts .
Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer
Bonham Carter appeared on the list alongside fellow British actresses , Julie Andrews , Helen Mirren , Judi Dench and Audrey Hepburn .
Freddie Mercury ( born Farrokh Bulsara ( Gujarati : ) , 5 September 1946 -- 24 November 1991 ) was a British musician , best known as the lead vocalist and a songwriter of the rock band Queen .
There he meets a stubborn , rich , and spoiled girl named Lily , ( Ella Koon ) only caring about her looks and herself .
Cabarete ( D.M. )
In Europe , the game evolved into its current form in the 15th century .
Gordon arrives at Dawes ' location too late , and she perishes when the bomb detonates .
When completed , it will be Europe 's largest onshore wind farm .
Only the foundations of what was an historical site remain .
During the heyday of the taifas , in the 11th century and again in the mid 12th century , their emirs ( rulers ) competed among themselves , not only militarily but also for cultural prestige .
Brighton , Queensland , a suburb of Brisbane
Cristian Zaccardo , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , ( born December 21 , 1981 in Formigine , Modena ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer , who plays for Italian Serie A club Parma .
Australia 's first parliamentary elections were conducted for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843 , again with voting rights ( for males only ) tied to property ownership or financial capacity .
Also called Ayu by her fans , Hamasaki has been dubbed the '' Empress of Pop '' because of her popularity and widespread influence in Japan .
It was originally scored for a chamber group of flute/piccolo , clarinet ( B flat and C ) , two pianos , glass armonica , xylophone , two violins , viola , cello and double bass , but is usually performed today with a full orchestra of strings , and with a glockenspiel substituting for the rare glass armonica .
It was released on June 5 , 2007 , debuting at number 8 in the United States with more than 88,000 copies sold .
September 23 & ndash ; Christian Thomasius , German jurist ( b. 1655 )
John 13/14 July 1266 3 Aug. 1271 Died at Wallingford , while in the custody of his granduncle , Richard , Earl of Cornwall .
The 1960s and 1970s were a major boom period for the Olympic , as major wrestling events were held at the arena every other Friday night , as well as being the home to the roller-derby 's Los Angeles T-Birds .
It developed from a coachbuilder to a Belgian manufacturer of integral buses and coaches , known as Van Hool-Fiat .
-- )
The group consists of Black Francis ( vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Joey Santiago ( lead guitar ) , Kim Deal ( bass guitar , vocals ) , and David Lovering ( drums ) .
The Burgess Shale was discovered by palaeontologist Charles Walcott in 1909 , towards the end of the season 's fieldwork .
They released an eponymous tape before changing their name to the Bloodhound Gang , a reference to '' The Bloodhound Gang '' , a segment on the 1980s PBS kids ' show 3-2-1 Contact that featured three young detectives solving mysteries and fighting crime .
is an award-winning 1998 Japanese anime series directed by Shinichir Watanabe , written by Keiko Nobumoto , and produced by Sunrise .
During the Bangladesh Liberation War ( 1971 ) to gain independence from Pakistan , leaders of the tribal people sought allegiance with Pakistan government .
They were designed by the American architects Philip Johnson and John Burgee , built by Fomento de Construcciones y ContratasFCC history and commissioned in 1996 by the Kuwait Investment Office ( hence their initial name '' Torres KIO '' or '' KIO Towers '' ) .
Occasional specimens have a shiny appearance that give rise to the mineral 's name , which is from the Greek augites , meaning '' brightness '' , although ordinary specimens have a dull ( dark green , brown or black ) finish .
His 1950 paper on gene frequency clines is notable as the first application of a computer , the EDSAC , to biology .
Batista became aware of the plot while sneakily eavesdropping on fellow Evolution members and signed a contract guaranteeing him a match with the World Heavyweight Champion Triple H at WrestleMania 21 , thus leaving Evolution and officially turning into a fan favorite .
From his death bed , Howard returned to France via Switzerland and shared his vital data and secrets with the French government : the Germans were not opening a new front in the Alps and there was no need to move allied troops away from the Western Front .
The Klingon Hamlet ( full title : The Tragedy of Khamlet , Son of the Emperor of Qo ` noS ) The Klingon translation of Shakespeare 's most famous work , translated by Nick Nicholas and Andrew Strader supported by the KLI .
In New Orleans , Louisiana , wind gusts reached 70 mph ( 110 km\/h ) , many trees were damaged or uprooted and scattered street flooding was reported .
Certain human activities can produce brackish water , in particular certain civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce brackish water pools for freshwater prawn farming .
Neo fights Bane , and even reveals that he is Smith .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
Ferric refers to iron-containing materials or compounds .
Hurricane Nate was an Atlantic hurricane that threatened Bermuda but remained at sea during early September 2005 .
Frequently asked questions are listed questions and answers , all supposed to be commonly asked in some context , and pertaining to a particular topic .
PNG
Freak has an emergency at school and is taken to the hospital .
The Suru valley is inhabited by 25,000 by people of Dard and Tibetan descent .
The TU Dresden benefits from the strong research tradition in microelectronics and transport sciences in the Dresden area , but also from the establishment of new research fields such as Biotechnology .
Rose hips are commonly used as an herbal tea , often blended with hibiscus and as an oil .
In the arch of the door , the tympanum , is often a significant piece of sculpture , most frequently Christ in Majesty and Judgment Day .
Wynne is the county seat and largest city of Cross County , Arkansas , United States .
Montigné-le-Brillant is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Extradition is the surrender to another country of one accused of an offence against its laws , there to be tried , and , if found guilty , punished .
It is the main artery running north from Parliament Square , towards traditional Charing Cross , now at the southern end of Trafalgar Square and marked by the statue of Charles I , which is often regarded as the heart of London .
In November 1828 , Hume journeyed with Charles Sturt into western New South Wales , where they discovered the Darling River , the Murray River 's longest tributary .
Robot anime like the Gundam and The Super Dimension Fortress Macross series became instant classics in the 1980s , and the robot genre of anime is still one of the most common in Japan and worldwide today .
KCMU DJ Jonathan Poneman was impressed after seeing Soundgarden perform one night , later saying , '' I saw this band that was everything rock music should be . ''
August 13 & ndash ; King Alfonso XI of Castile ( d. 1350 )
Albany County was organized December 16 , 1868 from Laramie County in Dakota Territory , which at the time had jurisdiction over part of modern-day Wyoming .
After obtaining all the money available , the outlaws ordered Scott , along with his wife , family , maids and tellers to accompany them to Faithful Creek where they were locked up with the other hostages , who included the station 's staff and some passing hawkers and sportsmen .
David VI Narin , King of Georgia ( d. 1293 )
The de Wahl 's Rule is a rule of word formation , developed by the Balto-German naval officer and teacher Edgar de Wahl and applied in the artificial language Interlingue ( also called '' Occidental '' ) which was also his creation .
The name Alex is an acronym for Avian Language EXperiment , but Pepperberg later cited the name as meaning Avian Learning EXperiment to evoke further acceptance in her research field , a then touchy topic ( explained in her book , Alex & Me ) .
Avatar Airbender is an Intamin roller coaster themed after the TV series Avatar : The Last Airbender located at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America .
The Siege of Rostock ends .
The intestines of suckling lambs are preferred .
Meantime , Le Verrier by letter urged Berlin Observatory astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle to search with the observatory 's refractor .
Historically the Ohio Valley was territory of the Osage , Omaha , Ponca and Kaw , but they migrated west of the Mississippi River under pressure from Iroquois warriors from the northeast .
Kirby Sports Center , a sports arena in Easton , Pennsylvania , USA
After graduating from Starfleet Academy 's medical school , Beverly married Lieutenant Jack Crusher , who served under Captain Jean-Luc Picard on the USS Stargazer .
Cal student-athletes compete intercollegiately as the California Golden Bears .
He made several important contributions to economics , particularly in the study of income distribution and in the analysis of individuals ' choices .
Mrs. Hoover died of a heart attack in New York City on January 7 , 1944 .
Doohan 's characterization of the Scottish Chief Engineer of the Starship Enterprise was one of the most recognizable elements in the Star Trek franchise .
A press conference was held on February 24 , 2009 at the University of Phoenix Stadium to formally announce the event for Glendale , Arizona at the University of Phoenix Stadium ; this event marks the first time WrestleMania will be held in the state of Arizona .
The Reserve Officers ' Training Corps ( ROTC ) is a college-based , officer commissioning program , predominantly in the United States .
Some add tomatoes or spices in it .
Russia shares borders with the following countries ( from northwest to southeast ) : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland ( both via Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
Its eastern end is at the main gate of Marine Corps Base Hawaii ( MCBH ) .
MPs hold office until Parliament is dissolved and serve for limited terms of up to five years after an election , but historically terms end before their expiry and the sitting government typically dissolves parliament within four years of an election according to a long-standing convention .
Many of the thematic and stylistic differences arose because Tolkien wrote The Hobbit as a story for children , and The Lord of the Rings for the same audience , who had subsequently grown up since its publication . Some differences are in minor details ; for example , goblins are more often referred to as Orcs in The Lord of the Rings .
Among her godparents was her great-grandmother , Queen Victoria .
A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four (/O26/O) possible subsets , including the arrangement in which no dots are raised .
Manerbe is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Dawn will then proceed to its other target , Ceres , and will possibly continue to explore the asteroid belt on an extended mission using any remaining fuel .
Three storms hit Mexico within a very short space of time , the Pacific hurricanes Nora and Olaf , and the Atlantic Tropical Storm Larry .
The result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of Belgium ; the seasonal floods make the Delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture .
Several studies have concluded that many or most people experience sleep paralysis at least once or twice in their lives .
Apartheid ( , separateness ) was a system of legal racial segregation enforced by the National Party government in South Africa between 1948 and 1994 , under which the rights of the majority ` non-white ' inhabitants of South Africa were curtailed and minority rule by white people was maintained .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine ( DNA and RNA ) , thymine ( DNA ) and uracil ( RNA ) , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
They played three more seasons at the Arena , after which the Bruins became the main tenant of the famous Boston Garden , NHL hockey came to the U.S. on Dec. 1 , 1924 - NHL.com - History while the old Boston Arena facility -- the world 's oldest existing indoor ice hockey venue -- was eventually taken over by Northeastern University , and renamed Matthews Arena when the university renovated it in 1979 .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the 20th century refurbished one of these ancient reservoirs to store water for their own use .
Purple Hibiscus , her first novel , made the Orange Prize shortlist in 2004 , and because of the success of Half a Yellow Sun , critics have commented that Adichie may be in the '' fast track '' for literary success .
Had the race ended then , this would have given the driver 's title to Massa .
In plants , it occurs as a bystander mineral , sometimes in toxic proportions in forage ( some plants may accumulate selenium as a defense against being eaten by animals , but other plants such as locoweed require selenium , and their growth indicates the presence of selenium in soil ) .
Together with J. O. Westwood , he wrote '' A history of the British sessile-eyed Crustacea '' .
The overall survival rate for conjoined twins is approximately 25 % .
The cones from a handful of species , especially Juniperus communis , are used as a spice , particularly in European cuisine , and also give gin its distinguishing flavor .
British Rail Class 158 Express Sprinter is a diesel multiple unit ( DMU ) train , built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at its Derby Works .
When asked how he compares to other Final Fantasy protagonists , Hideo Minaba stated that due in part to being designed by a different character designer than before , he did n't feel he could be compared to any other Final Fantasy character . Vaan also made appearances in other video games ; despite having been created for Final Fantasy XII , Vaan was first introduced in the 2004 crossover board game Itadaki Street Special for the PlayStation 2 .
Although the dam was not dedicated until 1966 , it was able to begin blocking the flow of the river in 1963 .
Blockland has also been featured on Shack News .
R jiena ( ) is a town in Latvia .
The pox is related to the vaccinia virus , and got its name from the distribution of the disease when dairymaids touched the udders of infected cows .
The first saying in each section is in the language , the second one is in Spanish , the third one is in German , and the last one is in French .
The administrative region has two cities of equal importance , Metz and Nancy .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
something that is available to the general public ;
It then slowly weakened and dissipated on September 17 .
The track was released as the lead single from film 's soundtrack album on December 5 , 2006 in the United States , and appeared as a hidden track on international editions of Knowles ' second solo studio album , B'Day .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
In Greek mythology , Charon or Kharon ( ; Greek ) is the ferryman of Hades who carries souls of the newly deceased across the rivers Styx and Acheron that divided the world of the living from the world of the dead .
Some ( historic ) Quechua peoples :
Stephen '' Stevie Coogan '' Grammauta - a former Manhattan based capo and a longtime crime family member .
In the film , the adventures of bear brothers Kenai and Koda continue .
The hydroxide anion makes sodium hydroxide a strong base which reacts with acids to form water and the corresponding salts .
The ceremony has created spin-off teen awards on YouTube .
A major eruption of the South Pacific volcano Kuwae in Vanuatu has a subsequent global cooling effect ( the eruption released more sulfate than any other event in the past 700 years ) .
Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library ) is someone who uses mime as a theatrical medium or as a performance art , involving miming , or the acting out a story through body motions , without use of speech .
Junior members , for example in Hesse-Darmstadt and Baden , generally bore the style of Grand Ducal Highness .
Normally solutions of sodium azide in water contain trace quantities of hydrazoic acid in equilibrium with the azide salt , but introduction of a stronger acid can convert the primary species in solution to hydrazoic acid .
On December 16 , 1773 , after officials in Boston refused to return three shiploads of taxed tea to Britain , a group of colonists boarded the ships and destroyed the tea by throwing it into Boston Harbor .
Climate Commerce Major private employers in and around Martinsburg include Quad/Graphics , EcoLab , Orgill , Quebecor World , Sino-Swearingen , and FedEx .
The Bahrain International Circuit hosts a number of high profile series , including the FIA Formula One World Championship , the Australian V8 Supercar Championship Series , the GP2 Series , GP2 Asia , Chevrolet Lumina Series , Speedcar Series , Thunder Arabia and Radical .
Set in the modern-day Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo , The World Ends with You features a distinctive art style inspired by Shibuya and its youth culture .
An infill plane has a body of metal filled with very dense and hard wood on which the blade rests and the handles are formed .
Ham-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He has been teaching for over 30 years and continues to travel widely in Europe , America , Australia and Asia .
Ballmer has described characterizations of the incident as a '' gross exaggeration of what actually took place '' .
Major private employers in and around Martinsburg include Quad\/Graphics , EcoLab , Orgill , World Color , Sino-Swearingen , General Motors , and FedEx .
Edward F. Kelly , Emily Williams Kelly , Adam Crabtree , Alan Gauld , Michael Grosso , and Bruce Greyson .
At the 51st Grammy Awards in the same year , Coldplay won three Grammy Awards in the categories for Song of Year for '' Viva la Vida '' , Best Rock Album for Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends , and Best Vocal Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for '' Viva la Vida '' .
Warrigal Morning - music for the film Bush Christmas (/O1983/O)
It began sales on October 7 , 2003 .
It launched in North America on May 15 , 2008 , coinciding with the release of the DS version of The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian .
means it has spots .
The impetus for the reforms was corruption within the church , particularly simony and concubinage .
MySims , formerly The Sims Wii , is a video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts as a spinoff to Maxis ' The Sims franchise for the Nintendo DS and Wii in 2007 , then re-released for Microsoft Windows and Mobile phone in 2008 .
That contact resulted in an article in National Geographic and a hefty grant to continue work at Olduvai .
It was produced by Charles/Burrows/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television for NBC , having been created by the team of James Burrows , Glen Charles , and Les Charles .
Durban ( , from itheku meaning ` bay ' ) is the largest city in the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal and the third largest city in the country , forming part of the eThekwini metropolitan municipality .
The first volume covered the entries Aleph ( ) through Australia ( '' ) .
Breasta is a commune that can be found in Dolj County , Romania .
Robson said on 6 May 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time .
He worked as an animator on such titles as Cinderella , Lady and the Tramp , Sleeping Beauty , and One Hundred and One Dalmatians .
The Books of Samuel ( ) are part of the Hebrew Bible .
; Importance of civility During debates on articles ' talk pages and at articles for deletion , disparaging comments may fly about the subject of the article\/author and the author 's motives .
Under the terms of the mandate the Commission had to include at least one French person and one German resident of the Saar .
Founding members include singer-songwriter and guitarist Dave Matthews , bassist Stefan Lessard , violinist Boyd Tinsley , and drummer Carter Beauford .
ICDO =
The Bengal Presidency ( ) originally comprising east and west Bengal , was a colonial region of British India , which comprised undivided Bengal , which is present day Bangladesh and West Bengal , as well as the states Assam , Bihar , Meghalaya , Orissa and Tripura .
Use of the term '' Left '' became more prominent after the restoration of the French monarchy in 1815 when it was applied to the '' Independents '' .
He retained this position until 1999 , when he was succeeded by Johannes Rau .
Traction motors are used in electrically powered rail vehicles such as electric multiple units and electric locomotives , other electric vehicles such as electric milk floats , elevators and conveyors as well as vehicles with electrical transmission systems such as diesel-electric , electric hybrid vehicles and battery electric vehicles .
By the end of the series , he is fourteen ( fifteen years old if you count Chapter Fourteen ) .
Major success came in 1978 when Ipswich beat Arsenal at Wembley Stadium to win their only FA Cup trophy , the triumph was followed by a UEFA Cup victory in 1981 .
With a reign of more than 59 years , he is the longest-reigning monarch of Denmark , and he is frequently remembered as one of the most remarkable Danish kings , having initiated many reforms and projects .
Before it ceased operating , Nupedia produced 24 articles that completed its review process ( three articles also existed in two versions of different lengths ) , and 74 more articles were in progress .
A time deposit ( also known as a term deposit , particularly in Canada , Australia and New Zealand ; a bond in the United Kingdom ; fixed deposit in India and in some other countries ) is a money deposit at a banking institution that can not be withdrawn for a certain '' term '' or period of time ( unless a penalty is paid ) .
Brazilian
He was famously accused of corruption in an impeachment in 1787 , but was acquitted in 1795 .
The nickel carbonyl decomposes , depositing pure nickel onto the nickel spheres .
In 2003 , he appeared in the music video for singer Dido 's hit single '' White Flag '' , and was the voice of Leon ( Squall Leonhart ) in the video game Kingdom Hearts , but he did not reprise his role in the sequel .
Either formulation would help the Democratic-Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary , both of which were dominated by Federalists .
American ( or court ) handball , usually referred to simply as handball , is a sport in which players hit a small rubber ball against one or more walls using their hands .
Goldsmiths must be skilled in forming metal through filing , soldering , sawing , forging , casting , and polishing metal .
On June 17 , the UK Met Office ( UKMO ) issued a forecast of an above-average season . They predicted 20 tropical storms with a 70 % chance that the number would be between 13 and 27 .
Stephen Carr ( born 29 August 1976 in Dublin ) is an Irish footballer who plays for and captains Birmingham City .
The Yemen national football team is the national team of Yemen and is controlled by the Yemen Football Association .
Spivey , 2005 , pp .229 & ndash ; 232 For some reason the Games of previous millennia were discontinued and then revived by Lycurgus of Sparta , Iphitos of Elis , and Cleoisthenes of Pisa at the behest of the Oracle of Delphi who claimed that the people had strayed from the gods , which had caused a plague and constant war .
GParted and KDE Partition Manager are graphical programs using the parted libraries .
The Eastman School of Music is a music conservatory located in Rochester , New York . The Eastman School is a professional school within the University of Rochester .
There are nearly 20,000 known species of bees in seven to nine recognized families , though many are undescribed and the actual number is probably higher .
The book opens with a Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby facing the loss of his farm because of debts .
The northern , more mountainous part , called Sopraceneri , is formed by the two major Swiss valleys around the lake Maggiore : Ticino valley and Maggia valley .
Semi-fossilized resin or sub-fossil amber is known as copal .
Analogy is both the cognitive process of transferring information from a particular subject ( the analogue or source ) to another particular subject ( the target ) , and a linguistic expression corresponding to such a process .
Refractive cornea In the eyes of most terrestrial vertebrates ( along with spiders and some insect larvae ) the vitreous fluid has a higher refractive index than the air , relieving the lens of the function of reducing the focal length .
When the mission finally did lift off the pad , an O-ring seal failure destroyed the shuttle 73 seconds into the flight , killing Scobee and the other six members of the crew ; the tragedy , viewed live on national television , prompted several days of national mourning , as well as a major shakeup at NASA .
Robert Smith
Warwickshire ( or ) is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England .
Palm Springs is a village in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Electrostatic phenomena include many examples as simple as the attraction of the plastic wrap to your hand after you remove it from a package , to the apparently spontaneous explosion of grain silos , to damage of electronic components during manufacturing , to the operation of photocopiers .
To the North was the territory of the Votadini , which straddled the present day border between England and Scotland .
Females were not recovered until 1891 .
William de Braose , Fourth Lord of Bramber becomes the guardian of Arthur I , Duke of Brittany , and is possibly responsible for his death .
The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law ( LCIL ) at the Faculty of Law , Cambridge , England , was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu LauterpachtSir Elihu Lauterpacht QC at '' 20 Essex Street Barristers '' under the name The Research Centre for International Law .
This phenomenon , known as '' Mendel 's second law '' or the '' Law of independent assortment '' , means that the alleles of different genes get shuffled between parents to form offspring with many different combinations .
The SI second was later redefined more precisely as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 atom .
Her fellow Lost actor Josh Holloway also calls her '' Freckles '' , sharing the nickname his on-screen character Sawyer gave her .
For its guideline on plagiarism , see .
A crowd of around 8,000 men and women gathered outside around mid-morning , calling for the surrender of the prison , the removal of the guns and the release of the arms and gunpowder .
Introduction of the postage stamp .
Maglev , or magnetic levitation , is a system of transportation that suspends , guides and propels vehicles , predominantly trains , using magnetic levitation from a very large number of magnets for lift and propulsion .
In 2010 , a team of scientists examined numerous points among the feathers of an extremely well-preserved Anchiornis specimen to survey the distribution of melanosomes , the pigment cells that give feathers their color .
However a recent overview of all available sources from southern Germany concluded that the Bell Beaker Culture was a new and independent culture in that area , contemporary with the Corded Ware Culture .
Wiesenbronn is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany .
Relationships can also be established by marriage , such as husband , wife , father-in-law , mother-in-law , uncle by marriage , or aunt by marriage .
Its fruit is slightly larger than a lemon and has a more rounded shape .
The Thylacine was able to open its jaws to an unusual extent : up to 120 degrees .
Devilish changed their name to Tokio Hotel : '' Tokio '' , the German spelling of the Japanese city Tokyo , due to a love of the city , and '' Hotel '' due to their constant touring and living in hotels .
Rob won the final immunity challenge and took Amber into the final two with him .
The Hush Sound is an indie quartet originating in DuPage County , Illinois .
It is now one of the most densely settled areas in Alaska and includes the towns of Palmer , Wasilla , Big Lake , Houston , Willow and Talkeetna .
Agriculture is the single largest contributor to the regional net domestic product , while Information technology ( IT ) is a rapidly growing industry .
Like 70 Panopaea it orbits within the Eunomia asteroid family but it is not related to the shattered parent body .
Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938 .
The spin-off series Joey was created to follow up with the series after the finale .
On November 16 , 2006 Thomas signed a 2-year , $ 18 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays .
Wystan Hugh Auden ( 21 February 1907 -- 29 September 1973 , ) The first syllable of '' Auden '' rhymes with '' law '' ( not with '' how '' ) .
Udo Kawasser und Walter Pucher
It is situated at the foot of the South Downs , west of Brighton , and east of the county town of Chichester .
August 18 & ndash ; Charles Hart , English actor ( b. 1625 )
Aron Mohamed Winter ( VIN-ter ) ( born 1 March 1967 in Paramaribo , Suriname ) is a retired Dutch football midfielder and current head coach of Toronto FC .
Meanwhile , Big Mama explains to Tod that his friendship with Copper can not continue , as they were bred to be enemies , but he refuses to believe her .
In 1979 , A&M entered a distribution agreement with RCA Records ( which later became BMG ) in the USA , and with CBS Records ( whose successor Sony Music Entertainment later absorbed BMG ) in many other countries .
John Aaron Lewis ( LaGrange , Illinois , May 3 , 1920 - New York City , March 29 , 2001 ) was an American jazz pianist and composer best known as the musical director of the Modern Jazz Quartet .
In January 2002 , he took 7 wickets for 77 runs in the Test match against Bangladesh in Bangladesh , which are his career best figures so far in Test cricket .
Year 1446 ( MCDXLVI ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Her paternal grandparents were Charles Albert , King of Sardinia and Maria Theresa of Austria .
The Turkish national football team is the national association football team of Turkey , controlled by the Turkish Football Federation ( ) .
At age 19 she moved to Florida with her mother , where she attended The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale .
Population ( April 1 , census ) is 2096 .
Cormolain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
homepage = wjactv.com
The lively street is one of the city 's most important shopping areas , with a large number of hotels and large movie theaters ; it is also noted for the grand architecture prevalent among many of its buildings .
Weathering occurs in situ , or '' with no movement '' , and thus should not be confused with erosion , which involves the movement of rocks and minerals by agents such as water , ice , wind , and gravity .
Daniel Van Buyten ( ; born 7 February 1978 in Chimay ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender and also as an emergency striker for Bayern Munich , following a June 2006 transfer from Hamburg .
In 2003 he ranked 10th on Rolling Stone magazine 's '' Rolling Stone 's 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .
Another convention of G minor symphonies observed in Mozart 's No. 25 was the choice of E flat major for the slow movement , with other examples including Haydn 's No. 39 and Vanhal 's G minor symphony from before 1771 ( Bryan Gm1 ) .
Samuel Huntington ( January 5 , 1796 ) was a jurist , statesman , and Patriot in the American Revolution from Connecticut .
There being no capital punishment in Italy at the time , he was sentenced in Milan on August 29 , 1900 , to penal servitude for life on Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene , where numerous other anarchists had also been sent over the years .
Ingonish consists of four communities : Ingonish Ferry Ingonish Harbour Ingonish Beach Ingonish Centre Ingonish lies at the eastern entrance to Cape Breton Highlands National Park .
All the seeds made it through the opening round with the exception of Francesca Schiavone and Rennae Stubbs , who lost , winning just five games in what was Stubbs ' final Australian Open .
, the population included 97,461 foreigners , or about 20.9 % of the total population .
It sold over 100,000 copies in hardcover by the time paperback copies were released in April 2007 .
At its peak , Earl had sustained winds of 105 mph ( 170 km\/h ) and a minimum central pressure of 979 mbar .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
Arsenio Hall ( born February 12 , 1956 ) is an American actor , comedian , and former talk show host .
Arguments encapsulated in square brackets ( '' ( '' and '' ) '' ) are optional and override the command 's defaults .
After World War II , he studied law and economics at the universities of Halle and Leipzig ( 1946-1949 ) and joined the East German Liberal Democratic Party ( LDPD ) in 1946 .
The national language , Danish , is closely related to Swedish and Norwegian , with which it shares strong cultural and historical ties .
Just north of Selah , the freeway passes over Selah Creek on the Fred G. Redmon Bridge , the longest concrete arch in North America at the time of its opening , spanning long across the creek .
In the late 17th century , Hans Sloane , president of the Royal College of Physicians , visited Jamaica .
Seibu Railway Company
Canowindra is also popularly known as the Balloon Capital of Australia .
The name RPM variously refers to the . rpm file format , files in this format , software packaged in such files , and the package manager itself .
Green cleaning refers to cleaning without causing pollution .
For example , a simple stratum model of class might divide society into a simple hierarchy of lower class , middle class and upper class , with working class not specifically designated . Due to the political interest in the working class , there has been debate over the nature of the working class since the early 19th century .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern IrelandIn the United Kingdom and Dependencies , other languages have been officially recognized as legitimate autochthonous ( regional ) languages under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
Broken Arrow is a city located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma , primarily in Tulsa County but also with a small section of the city in western Wagoner County .
This rules out the possibility of Gandhara and\/or Kamboja having been great kingdoms in the late 4th century BCE .
Currently , J. League Division 2 is the second level of the Japanese football league system .
By obfuscating the data to be encoded , brute force attacks are made less effective as it is more difficult to determine when one has succeeded in breaking the code .
It was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs which connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .
The behaviorist school of thought maintains that behaviors as such can be described scientifically without recourse either to internal physiological events or to hypothetical constructs such as the mind .
The genus Smilodon was described by the Danish naturalist and palaeontologist Peter Wilhelm Lund in 1841 .
He then worked for two years as an assistant product manager at Procter & Gamble , where he shared an office with Jeffrey R. Immelt , who would later become CEO of General Electric .
Abercrombie was the former name of the parish of St Monans , although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches . The hamlet is centered around Abercrombie Farmstead .
The Museum of Modern Art ( stylized MoMA ) is an art museum located in Midtown Manhattan in New York City , United States , on 53rd Street , between Fifth and Sixth Avenues .
Music critic Ian MacDonald interpreted the lyric as an acknowledgment by the group that nothing they would do as individual artists would equal what they had achieved together , and they would always carry the weight of their Beatle past .
The Japan national football team is the national association football team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association .
She went to high school in Sydney .
Worship of Benzaiten arrived in Japan during the 6th through 8th centuries , mainly via the Chinese translations of the Sutra of Golden Light , which has a section devoted to her .
It is the first series in the Beverly Hills , 90210 franchise .
At 23 , Ullrich was the fourth youngest winner of the Tour since 1947 .
Data Summary : Lake Kinneret ( Sea of Galilee ) At 209 metres below sea level , it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth and the second-lowest lake in the world ( after the Dead Sea , a saltwater lake ) .
Without the addition of buttresses , bracing arches and iron ties over the succeeding centuries , it would have suffered the fate of spires on later great ecclesiastical buildings ( such as Malmesbury Abbey ) and fallen down ; instead , Salisbury remains the tallest church spire in the UK .
Merrill is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States , along the Floyd River .
Aloch is a town of Shangla District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The settings of YA stories are limited only by the imagination and skill of the author .
Joshua Treadwell McCown ( born July 4 , 1979 in Jacksonville , Texas ) is an American football quarterback for the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
On 2 June 2009 , the band announced through e-mails , and their website , that they would begin a tour of Europe , and the UK , beginning on 22 October 2009 , at Hartwall Arena , Finland , and ending on 4 December , at Pala Olimpico , Turin , Italy , and including two nights at London 's O2 Arena .
April 16 & ndash ; The Battle of Culloden , the final pitched battle fought on British soil , brings an end to the Jacobite Rising .
Kagawa Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on Shikoku island .
The new work included the extension of the military appearance of the house , though it never had any military significance .
In the Eastern hemisphere , piquance ( the sensation provided by , among other things , chili peppers ) and savoriness ( also known as umami ) have been traditionally identified as basic tastes as well .
Some societies display a fragmented sleep pattern in which people sleep at all times of the day and night for shorter periods .
The opposite phenomenon , polar night , occurs in winter when the sun stays below the horizon throughout the day .
The history and dissemination of whirling disease .
All surviving churches , except one timber church , are built of stone or brick , and in some cases show evidence of re-used Roman work .
He kept the job for a further year , acquiring a fascination and passion for collecting antique guns , clocks , watches , and classic cars .
If dwarfism is caused by a medical disorder , the person is referred to by the underlying diagnosed disorder .
There is potential for the Riverina to host several mineral deposit types including coal , petroleum , coal seam methane , gypsum , orogenic gold , Cobar style polymetallic systems , heavy mineral sands and possibly diamonds in these fold belt rocks and basins .
Once a subdivision , the original area of the district comprised what is today the Greater Faridpur region which includes the present day districts of Rajbari , Gopalgonj , Madaripur , Shariatpur and Faridpur .
A gene knockout ( abbreviation : KO ) is a genetic technique in which one of an organism 's genes is made inoperative ( '' knocked out '' of the organism ) .
The larger parties might be forced to respond and adapt to their challenges , and often the larger parties copy ideas from them .
In the final season , the team moves to the evil law firm , Wolfram & Hart .
Many of these were initially developed for Sega 's NAOMI arcade hardware , including Sega 's final first-party Dreamcast game , Sonic Team 's Puyo Pop Fever , released on February 24 , 2004 .
The direction of the angular velocity vector is perpendicular to the plane of rotation , in a direction which is usually specified by the right-hand rule .
In 1981 , the group signed with IRS Records subsidiary Faulty Products and recorded their second release , Wild in the Streets , the title track of which is a cover version of a Garland Jeffreys tune .
With the advent of the Civil War in 1861 , Auburn quickly emptied .
Xena wants Hercules to go because there is trouble and he needs to help .
Its capital is Honolulu on the island of Oahu .
Gammer ( real name Matt Lee ) is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Atlantic herring can be found on both sides of the Atlantic ocean .
In each leap year , the month of February has 29 days instead of 28 .
From 1971 to 1975 he worked as an architect , then became a professor at the Budapest College of Applied Arts ( Iparm vészeti F iskola ) .
According to his close friend and fellow author Ellen Glasgow , Cabell developed a friendship with a professor at the college which was considered by some to be '' too intimate '' and as a result Cabell was dismissed , although he was subsequently readmitted and finished his degree .
Vermelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
One of the new tracks will be a duet with one of Timbaland 's most successful artists , Nelly Furtado .
However , to prevent Choi-Yuk from despairing too much from not remembering her and Jophy , he promises that some day he will propose to her and they will get married .
Similar in appearance to mice of the genus Mus , spiny mice are small mammals with bare , scaled tails .
Gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 , 1955 , was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey , who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique .
The official reports quote 379 dead and over 1,000 injured .
A party must receive either five percent of the national vote or win at least three directly elected seats to be represented in the Bundestag .
According to the current Dalai Lama , however , the title originated with the third Dalai Lama , Sonam Gyatso ; the Mongolian term '' Dalai '' was nothing more than a literal translation of the Tibetan name '' Gyatso , '' implying that later interpretations used poetic license in applying oceanic qualities to the name .
Small lymphocytes consist of T cells and B cells .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
The orbital speed of a body , generally a planet , a natural satellite , an artificial satellite , or a multiple star , is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system , usually around a more massive body .
The UK is a developed country , with the world 's sixth largest economy by nominal GDP and the seventh largest by purchasing power parity .
hat H is the Hamiltonian operator .
Bury may also refer to :
The name of the group is an alphabetism derived from the first letter of each member 's name .
To score a hit , the push-button on the end of the weapon must remain fully down for 2-10 milliseconds , and must arrive with a force of at least 7.35 newtons .
In an isolated system with only two objects , the change in momentum of one object must be equal and opposite to the change in momentum of the other object .
This is commonly seen in real logic diagrams - thus the reader must not get into the habit of associating the shapes exclusively as OR or AND shapes , but also take into account the bubbles at both inputs and outputs in order to determine the '' true '' logic function indicated .
NOFX released a new album , Coaster , on April 28 , 2009 .
Jens Nowotny ( born January 11 1974 in Malsch ) is a retired German football defender .
It was launched on 2 November 1936 as the BBC Television Service , and was the world 's first regular public television service with a high level of image resolution .
ICANN is responsible for managing the Internet Protocol address spaces ( IPv4 and IPv6 ) and assignment of address blocks to regional Internet registries , for maintaining registries of Internet protocol identifiers , and for the management of the top-level domain name space ( DNS root zone ) , which includes the operation of root nameservers .
Mato Grosso do Sul ( In Brazilian Portuguese .
Screaming Life\/Fopp is a compilation album by the American grunge band Soundgarden .
The album was re-released in a remastered CD with bonus tracks in August 2003 in the US as Live at Wembley Stadium after the companion DVD .
He also served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times ( 1853 -- 1855 , 1859 -- 1866 , 1873 -- 1874 , and 1880 -- 1882 ) .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League .
After the defeat of the Howard government at the 2007 federal election , he was Shadow Minister for Families , Community Services and Indigenous Affairs until he resigned from Malcolm Turnbull 's shadow cabinet on 26 November 2009 in protest against Liberal Party support for an Emissions Trading Scheme ( ETS ) .
Bakot is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
There are hundreds of different kinds of tteok eaten year round . In Korea it is customary to eat tteok guk ( tteok soup ) on New Year 's Day and sweet tteok at weddings and on birthdays .
It is sex-linked : genetic red-green color blindness affects men much more often than women , because the genes for the red and green color receptors are located on the X chromosome , of which men have only one and women have two .
These dialects evolved during and after the colonial rule of Britain in India .
Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Half-hour series were mostly restricted to situation comedy or family comedy , and were usually aired with either a live or overdubbed laugh track .
A standardized value for acceleration due to gravity was therefore needed .
Renault were found guilty of breaching the same regulation as McLaren , but were not punished .
The firm was founded in 1807 by Adam and Charles Black in Edinburgh , and moved to the Soho district of London in 1889 .
In the time since , Warner Bros. has often elevated the stature of Reprise to the rank of secondary parent label , as many of its subsidiary labels ( such as Straight and Kinetic ) have had their records released in conjunction with Reprise .
Another early start was made by Hannah Ball , a native of High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire , who founded a school there in 1769 .
In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological Metis , a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus ( the Greek equivalent of Jupiter ) .
Paul 's '' Road to Damascus '' conversion to '' Apostle to the Gentiles '' is first recorded in , cf . .
This chair attack involves a wrestler placing their opponent so that they are horizontal with their head resting on a chair , then hitting their head from above with a second chair , squashing the head of the opponent between both chairs . This particular attack was spawned from the original con-chair-to , which was popularized by Edge & Christian and involved two wrestlers sandwiching an opponent 's head between two chairs .
He learned shoemaking from his father .
The site receives over one million new job listings each month , making it one of the top job boards in the world .
The continuum hypothesis , which tries to ascertain the relative cardinality of certain infinite sets , was eventually shown to be undecidable ( or independent ) from the generally accepted set of axioms of set theory .
Carol Thatcher and her twin brother , Sir Mark Thatcher , Bt , were born six weeks prematurely in 1953 .
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
There are several extinct volcanoes on Mars , four of which are vast shield volcanoes far bigger than any on Earth . They include Arsia Mons , Ascraeus Mons , Hecates Tholus , Olympus Mons , and Pavonis Mons .
Truttemer-le-Grand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Swedish Academy was founded in 1786 by King Gustav III .
In comparison , his adulthood , especially the week before his death , are well documented in the Gospels contained within the New Testament .
In many , but by no means all , species of molluscs , the epidermis of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin , and creates a shell .
History Origins and foundation The early history of Teotihuacan is quite mysterious , and the origin of its founders is debated .
Rete tubular ectasia is a disorder of the rete testis in which many benign cysts are present .
Similar to the 1980s professional wrestling boom , the Attitude Era was a surge in the popularity of professional wrestling in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s , as television ratings and pay-per-view buy-rates hit record highs .
Starting with version 4.2 , Xfwm integrates its own compositing manager .
Around 55 AD , a piled bridge was constructed , and the local Romans built a small trading settlement next to it- the town of Londinium .
Other villages , which today are considered to be too small to form villages of their own were independent empirial territories .
In the United Kingdom , the entire series aired on Sky1 and BBC Two , and on TV3 in Ireland .
Various religions and denominations group the commandments differently ; see the Division of the Commandments section for a detailed accounting .
It was the eponymous capital of Waset , the fourth Upper Egyptian nome .
Some have argued that the survival of Elasmotherium into historical times may be the source of the unicorn myth , as the animal 's description could be argued to fit with the Persian karkadann unicorn , and the Chinese zhi unicorn .
They have been important to humans throughout much of history .
Many people from Germany and abroad traveled to Berlin to take part in the Parade -- over a million attended in the years 1997 through 2000 and 800,000 in 2001 .
She is best known as one of the five members of the girl group Spice Girls , in which she was nicknamed '' Sporty Spice '' .
A furnace is a device used for heating .
On opposing sides already because of her job as a cop and Melaka 's thieving , Erin also blamed Mel for the death of their brother for a long time .
Super Mario 64 is a platform game , developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and published by Nintendo , for the Nintendo 64 .
It was preceded by Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection , which ran from 1994 to 2000 .
At the 2006 census , Beveridge and the surrounding area had a population of 1,192 .
'' Oh !
Instead , it is now known that the destruction in the city was focused on major civic structures along the Avenue of the Dead .
Onhaye is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Mr Whoppit , Campbell 's teddy bear mascot , was found among the floating debris and the pilot 's helmet was recovered .
Website of the Swedish Academy describing the prize ( Swedish language ) ) Doblougprisen ( Store norske leksikon )
Chemiré - en-Charnie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Seconds Before the Accident In 2000 , Alias released Seconds Before the Accident .
The club 's widest victory margins in the league have been their 7 -- 0 wins against Portsmouth in the Second Division in 1964 , against Southampton in the First Division in 1974 and against West Bromwich Albion in the First Division in 1976 .
Lieuche is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
At age 17 , Booth made his stage debut on August 14 , 1855 , in the supporting role of the Earl of Richmond in Richard III at Baltimore 's Charles Street Theatre .
His collections and library were gifted to the British Museum .
Many religions , whether they believe in the soul 's existence in another world like Christianity , Islam and many pagan belief systems , or in reincarnation like many forms of Hinduism and Buddhism , believe that one 's status in the afterlife is a reward or punishment for their conduct during life .
Johann Sebastian Bach ( or ) ( 31 March 1685 -- 28 July 1750 ) was a German composer , organist , harpsichordist , violist , and violinist whose ecclesiastical and secular works for choir , orchestra , and solo instruments drew together the strands of the Baroque period and brought it to its ultimate maturity .
By the second semester of her sophomore year , she withdrew from the school to focus on her musical career .
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull , the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second ( see frame rate ) and Knowles sang twice as quickly , but it was n't until 4:00 am that they completed work .
Although Baird 's electromechanical system was eventually displaced by purely electronic systems ( such as those of Philo Farnsworth ) , his early successes demonstrating working television broadcasts and his color and cinema television work earn him a prominent place in television 's invention .
Wife of Gerard Way , lead singer for My Chemical Romance , expecting the couple 's first child Their daughter , Bandit Lee Way , was born in California on May 27 , 2009 .
The onee-san will teach her proper ways of serving tea , playing shamisen , dancing , casual conversation and more .
International law requires nations to declare when they mine an area , in order to make it easier for civil shipping to avoid the mines .
Gandelu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The University of St. Andrews is founded by a papal bull .
Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae .
Bats are also a symbol of ghosts , death , and disease .
A plane crash strands the surviving passengers of Oceanic Flight 815 on a seemingly deserted tropical island , forcing the group of strangers to work together to stay alive .
It was afterwards divided into two portions , of which the eastern portion , which preserved the name , Zira , was made over to Sarbuland Khan , a servant of the Lahore Government , and the western portion , to which the name , ilaqa Ambarhar , was given was made an appanage of Kanwar Sher Singh , son of the Punjab sovereign .
The spill stemmed from a sea-floor oil gusher that resulted from the April 20 , 2010 explosion of Deepwater Horizon , which drilled on the BP-operated Macondo Prospect .
Songs for Polarbears is the debut album by the indie rock group Snow Patrol , released on 31 August 1998 in the UK and 12 October in the US .
league = Serie A
A tropical storm is an organized system of strong thunderstorms with a defined surface circulation and maximum sustained winds between 17 m ( 39 m ) and 32 m ( 73 m ) .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
Year 1426 ( MCDXXVI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The album 's title was inspired by the nickname of professional wrestler Boris '' The Great '' Malenko .
This particular Meowth , belonging to Team Rocket , the anime 's major antagonists , is one of the few Pokémon that have the ability to speak human language .
One of the wettest spots on Earth , with an annual average rainfall of 460 inches ( 11,700 mm ) , is located on the east side of Mount Waialeale .
Hamilton , Ohio , United States
The Human T-lymphotropic virus Type I ( HTLV-1 ) is a human RNA retrovirus that causes T-cell leukemia and T-cell lymphoma in adults and may also be involved in certain demyelinating diseases , including tropical spastic paraparesis .
As a 14-year-old , he won the 1997 World Junior Figure Skating Championships .
In the field of optics , transparency is the physical property of allowing light to pass through a material .
On 1 January 2006 Heuvelland had a total population of 8,217 .
Pierres is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Oliver Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland ( 1653 - 1658 ) .
All of this happens transparently to the callers .
Technical metadata correspond to internal metadata , business metadata to external metadata .
King Taejo moved the capital to Hanseong ( formerly Hanyang ; modern-day Seoul ) and built the Gyeongbokgung palace .
Comps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ryota Takasugi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ehime F.C. .
Ernie Kovacs : Between the Laughter (/O1984/O)
However , it is on record that Celestine V resigned by his own design after consultation with experts , and that Benedetto merely showed that it was allowed by Church law .
Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software GmbH was a German company that developed and published computer games .
In Ukrainian , a voiced velar plosive is rarely present , and when present it is written with the Ukrainian letter ge with upturn ( , ) .
The franchise uses the players of the Blueshirts , including those who had been transferred to other NHA teams for the second half of the 1916 - 17 NHA season .
Anyone can see a Platypus in the wild if they have luck and patience .
Alta is a city in Buena Vista County , Iowa , United States .
He tells them that one of his henchmen kidnapped Sunny while they were sleeping .
A fine lithographer , Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare , the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
The Republic of Kenya is a country in East Africa .
xiii-xiv .
The Dildo area has a long history , going as far back as 2000 BC when Maritime Archaic aboriginal people resided at Anderson 's Cove .
Evelyn , Lady Barbirolli OBE ( 24 January 1911-25 January 2008 ) was an English oboist , and wife of the conductor Sir John Barbirolli .
Political union
It tells the story of the Walker children , who sail a dinghy named Swallow , and the Blackett children , who sail a dinghy named Amazon .
Trochenbrod or Trochinbrod in Russian ( ) was a Jewish shtetl ( village ) with an area once located in western Ukraine , about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk , the nearest now existing villages are and .
He also managed Johnny B. Badd , One Man Gang , Norman the Lunatic , The Skyscrapers ( Sid Vicious , Dan Spivey and Mark Calaway ) , Marcus Bagwell , 2 Cold Scorpio , Joey Maggs , Craig Pittman , Jim Powers , Bobby Walker , Ice Train and Bobby Eaton while in Jim Crockett Promotions and WCW .
These generally short-lived systems may be either cold core or warm core , and in 1972 this type of subtropical cyclone was referred to as a '' neutercane '' .
Germanicus had managed to deal a significant blow to Rome 's enemies , quell an uprising of troops , and once again return lost standards to Rome , actions that increased the fame and legend of the already very popular Germanicus with the Roman people .
Modern scholars and readers have criticized the book for what are seen as condescending racist descriptions of the book 's black characters , especially with regard to the characters ' appearances , speech , and behavior , as well as the passive nature of Uncle Tom in accepting his fate .
At birth the joey , only a quarter of an inch long , crawls into the downward-facing pouch on the mother 's belly ( which is closed by a drawstring-like muscle that the mother can tighten at will ) and attaches itself to one of the two teats .
It was developed by Nintendo and was released on January 18 , 2008 in Europe as a budget-priced retail title .
Give 'Em Enough Rope is the second album by The Clash , released in 1978 .
The bushranger Daniel Morgan ( Mad Dog Morgan ) bailed-up the occupants at Peechelba Station on the eveing of 8 April 1865 .
An alternative to a lens is to line the inside of the eye with '' mirrors '' , and reflect the image to focus at a central point .
There are six black , fleshy filaments , the first pair near the head , the second on the thorax , and the third at the end of the abdomen .
La Chapelle-sur-Ch ézy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
During 1995 - 2003 , the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased ; overall unemployment worsened .
Voulpaix is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The unmanned spacecraft was developed by NASA Ames Research Center as part of the Pioneer spacecraft series ( 6-12 ) , and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on April 5 , 1973 .
The Northern Wars cemented Sweden 's rise as a Great Power .
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison ( July 25 , 1775 - February 25 , 1864 ) , wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison , was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband 's one-month term in 1841 , but she never entered the White House .
With growth came issues of urban sprawl , which has become the primary political issue in Auburn at the turn of the 21st century .
'' Hearts on Fire '' is a 2002 song by Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall .
In-game weather also plays a large part in the game .
Pouzauges is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Scooch represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki with their song '' Flying the Flag ( for You ) '' , finishing 23rd out of 24 entries after receiving 19 points in the final .
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Year 4 ( IV ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
However , many of those players never attempt to sign with a franchise or team .
Mary Isabel Catherine Bernadette O'Brien OBE ( 16 April 1939 2 March 1999 ) , known as Dusty Springfield , was a pop singer and entertainer .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening ( The Simpsons ) and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
They had been chosen the Best Dressed Criers at the National Town Crier Competition in Hastings in 2007 .
but is often also pronounced ( '' My Sequel '' ) .
A seedling is a young plant sporophyte developing out of a plant embryo from a seed .
Bismuth has been known since ancient times , so no one person is credited with its discovery .
In his book Systematics and the Origin of Species ( 1942 ) he wrote that a species is not just a group of morphologically similar individuals , but a group that can breed only among themselves , excluding all others .
In the verdict , Charter 08 was named as part of the evidence supporting his conviction .
History Axel Heiberg Island has been inhabited in the past by Inuit people , but was uninhabited by the time it was named by Otto Sverdrup , who explored it around 1900 .
It is the series ' first 3D game .
For other leagues with a similar name see : American Association ( disambiguation ) .
It is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic center .
The eight-fold star in the bottom part is taken from the coat of arms of the counts and princes of Waldeck , and was also the old coat of arms of the district Waldeck .
Cold War roots After World War II , the United States and the Soviet Union became involved in a Cold War of espionage and propaganda .
The piano which features on the track partly emulates that of Lennon 's '' Jealous Guy '' , with the three octave jumps in C major .
The Chicago Cubs ' baseball uniforms have had pin stripes since 1907 and they are recognized as the first Major League Baseball team to incorporate pin striping into a baseball uniform .
A fable is a succinct story , in prose or verse , that features animals , plants , inanimate objects , or forces of nature which are anthropomorphized ( given human qualities ) , and that illustrates a moral lesson ( a '' moral '' ) , which may at the end be expressed explicitly in a pithy maxim .
Landfall is distinct from a direct hit . A direct hit is where the core of high winds ( or eyewall ) comes onshore but the center of the storm may stay offshore .
In January 2005 , after convincing the authorities that he was shooting a documentary , Cohen managed to infuriate a crowd at a rodeo in Salem , Virginia .
The district of Doda is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils :
A branch of the Grand Union Canal connects to the River Nene in Northampton and has been upgraded to a '' wide canal '' in places and is known as the Nene Navigation .
In some Caribbean countries , cleaned Queen Conch ( Strombus gigas ) shells , or polished fragments , are sold , mainly to tourists , as souvenirs or in jewelry .
Conservation Fallout : Nuclear Protest at Diablo Canyon Specific protests included : August 6 , 1977 : The Abalone Alliance held the first blockade at Diablo Canyon Power Plant , and 47 people were arrested .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
Elizabeth gave birth to her first child , Prince Charles , on 14 November 1948 , less than one month after letters patent were issued by her father allowing her children to enjoy a royal and princely status to which they otherwise would not have been entitled .
This is opposed to the two-tier system of local government , which still exists in most of England , where local government functions are divided between county councils ( the upper tier ) and district councils .
See also Anglo-French relations Frangleterre Triple Entente Entente French colonial empire British military history Further reading 100th Anniversary commemorative website .
She currently plays Gabrielle Solis in the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
BIU 's offerings include non-degree courses and training modules in several topics .
Holland and Zeeland are occupied by John II , Duke of Brabant and Guy of Dampierre .
The Declaration was adopted by the UN General Assembly on December 10 , 1948 .
Neighbouring areas include Longsight and Levenshulme .
The convention was signed by 19 states .
Coudray is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Ashley Cole ( born 20 December 1980 in Stepney , London ) is an English professional footballer and currently playing as a left back for Chelsea and the English national football team .
The Great American Interchange was an important paleozoogeographic event in which land and freshwater fauna migrated from North America via Central America to South America and vice versa , as the volcanic Isthmus of Panama rose up from the sea floor and bridged the formerly separated continents .
A member of the Star Alliance , the airline has a fleet of 353 mainline jet aircraft and 319 regional jet and turbo-prop aircraft connecting 200 destinations in North America , Central America , the Caribbean , Hawaii , Europe and the Middle East .
Primus , a band that has never had a clear genre , have been called things such as '' thrash metal-funk meets Don Knotts , Jr. '' Living Colour have been cited by Rolling Stone as '' Black-funk-metal pioneers . ''
The company 's logo features the character Totoro ( a large forest spirit ) from Hayao Miyazaki 's film My Neighbor Totoro .
Bourecq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Princess Alexandra , The Honourable Lady Ogilvy , ( Alexandra Helen Elizabeth Olga Christabel ; born 25 December 1936 ) is the youngest granddaughter of King George V of the United Kingdom and Mary of Teck .
The old midways of 1920s-era amusement parks ( such as Coney Island in New York ) provided the inspiration and atmosphere of later arcade games .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
Two other mountains , the Pitons , form the island 's most famous landmark .
Epic Records is an American record label .
Pages which are normally appropriate for children to use may be vandalized with rude words or content which may be offensive .
Another environmentally-friendly or ecologically-friendly alternative is to lay tracks into grass turf surfaces ; this is known as grassed track ( or track in a lawn ) , first used in Liverpool in 1924 .
The district is administratively subdivided into two tehsils : Athmuqam Sharda Languages It is the northernmost district of Azad Kashmir .
Bony is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The title of Archduke ( feminine : Archduchess ) ( German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin ) denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King , used primarily by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc banknote and on numerous Swiss , German , and Russian postage stamps .
The current official music and words were codified in 1903 and have since been taught in schools and generally adopted by the public .
On November 16 , Howe launched his attack on the fort .
An international competition to choose the most original design had been won in 1961 by Siri .
They are currently based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Density differences cause additional problems to aviation .
While the proportion of wives working year-round in married couple households with children has increased from 17 % in 1967 to 39 % in 1996 , the proportion of such households among the general population has decreased .
Reviewing for Blabbermouth.net , Ryan Ogle says that the track shows Slipknot 's diversity , he went on to state it is '' well-written and melodious '' .
His younger brother , Gavin Hoyte , plays for Arsenal in the reserve team .
Popular tourist attractions include the Trapholt art museum and the gardens Geografisk Have .
The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation , and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water before the rescue group finally arrived to help the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain .
It is probable that his travels provided the inspiration for Daniel Defoe 's novel Robinson Crusoe .
The Southampton Tramways Company was formed to build a new tramway system .
These large gill chambers close tightly when the fish is above water , keeping the gills moist , and allowing them to function .
Bald Eagle , the national bird of the United States
By virtue of being the only twenty-fourth tropical storm to form in any Atlantic hurricane season , Gamma also holds the record for being the earliest twenty-fourth tropical storm , reaching tropical storm strength on November 18 .
Hemmings owns over 100 racehorses , with his horse Hedgehunter winning the 2005 Grand National at Aintree .
In the Panic of 1837 , hundreds of American businesses , including the Rothschild 's American agents , collapsed .
He met Robin Warren , a pathologist interested in gastritis , during internal medicine fellowship training at Royal Perth Hospital in 1981 .
In the Western Zones of occupation , which became West Germany in 1949 , the former Prussian territories were divided up among North Rhine-Westphalia , Lower Saxony , Hesse , Rhineland-Palatinate , and Schleswig-Holstein .
It is formed by two distinct building , the Fortress , built under Cosimo I de ' Medici ( 1552-53 ) , and the Cassero ( late 15th century ) , the latter used as military jail until 1959 .
The band did play together for one last time on December 10 , 2007 with Jason Bonham , John 's son playing on the drums .
The Zutons is an English indie rock band from Liverpool .
The Bastille was built as an irregular rectangle with eight towers , 70 meters ( 220 ft ) long , 30 meters ( 90 ft ) wide , with towers and walls 25 meters ( 80 ft ) high , surrounded by a broad moat .
The airport has up to 750 takeoffs and landings per day .
The history of the region is influenced by the city of Leipzig .
There were many minor provinces in the region between southern Liguria and northern Tuscany dominated by the Malaspina ; Tuscany in this time was a part of feudal Europe .
In Chinese history , the Yuan Dynasty followed the Song Dynasty and preceded the Ming Dynasty .
Historically Cheemas followed local Peer-E-Tariqat ( The head of a Sufi order ) , and Jathera ( Ancestor worship ) as well as previously , Buddhism .
In contrast , malodor , stench , reek , and stink are used specifically to describe unpleasant odors .
While these advices did not hold legal force , they usually were obeyed in practice .
He died on July 7 , 2006 , aged 71 .
The Royal Albert Hall is one of the UK 's most treasured and distinctive buildings , recognisable the world over .
June Hill Robertson McCarroll ( June 30 1867 -- March 30 1954 ) was a nurse ( later a physician ) with the Southern Pacific Railroad in the early twentieth century who is credited by Caltrans with the simple but revolutionary idea of delineating highways with a painted line to separate lanes of traffic .
Tensed is a city in Benewah County , Idaho , United States .
Copper ( I ) chloride is also an intermediate formed from copper ( II ) chloride in the Wacker process .
The 1995 Formula One season was the 46th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
The design principles Tanenbaum applied to MINIX greatly influenced the design decisions Linus Torvalds applied in the creation of the Linux kernel .
Her first starring role was in 1999 as Felicity Shagwell in Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me .
Others enjoy raising them for pleasure or for educational purposes .
Suu Kyi 's mother , Khin Kyi , gained prominence as a political figure in the newly formed Burmese government .
It is responsible for binding of protons and neutrons into atomic nuclei .
It also gained ownership of former railway assets in West Berlin held by the VdeR .
His parents ' marriage was in contravention of the Royal Marriages Act 1772 , which meant that Augustus d'Este was legally considered illegitimate .
They purchased the house when she became pregnant with the couple 's first child , son Billy Raymond Burton , who was born on 4 October 2003 .
Famous products of stonemasonry include the Taj Mahal , Cusco 's Incan Wall , Easter Island 's statues , the Egyptian Pyramids , Angkor Wat , Tihuanaco , Tenochtitlan the Iranian Persepolis , the Greek Parthenon , Stonehenge , and Chartres Cathedral .
On 15th March 2008 , the former Councils of Noosa Shire , Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City amalgamated to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council .
Following the Peruvian War of Independence , it became the capital of the Republic of Peru .
In the episode Bart cheats on an intelligence test and is declared a genius , so he is sent to a school for gifted children .
Tahlequah , OK : Heritage Printing , 1996 : 77 pronounced ) is a city in Cherokee County , Oklahoma , United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
Overview Liberia Petroleum Refining Company Oilers won the championship .
Both President Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , were born in Plains .
Harriet Taylor Mill ( 1807 -- 1858 ) , philosopher and women 's rights advocate
Her own daughter , Miuccia Prada , joined the company in 1970 , eventually taking over for her mother in 1978 .
Median household income in the Mid-West declined by 2.8 % to $ 44,657 .
The liquorice plant is a legume ( related to beans and peas ) , native to southern Europe and parts of Asia .
While each member of a set has only one membership , a member of a multiset can have more than one membership ( meaning that there may be multiple instances of a member in a multiset , not that a single member instance may appear simultaneously in several multisets ) .
The name Han comes from the Han Dynasty , which succeeded the short-lived Qin Dynasty that united China .
The name may also refer specifically to the Konkani people , ethnic group of the region ; most of whom speak the Konkani language .
Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines ( the crown group of the superorder Chelonia ) , characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield .
Biography Thomas Hardy was born at Higher Bockhampton , a hamlet in the parish of Stinsford to the east of Dorchester in Dorset , England .
Early journalism and travelogues Twain 's first important work , '' The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' , was first published in the New York Saturday Press on November 18 , 1865 .
Leu is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 5,468 people .
Overview Gabriel Fauré is regarded as the master of the French art song , or mélodie .
Technical Information for Carbon Dioxide Sensors It is also used in the manufacture of most lithium-ion battery cathodes , which are made of lithium cobalt oxide .
Lady Mary Grey ( 1545 - 20 April 1578 ) , sometimes spelled Marie , was the third and youngest daughter of Henry Grey , 1st Duke of Suffolk and Lady Frances Brandon .
The ballon Festival has n't been to Mansfield for several years .
Don Carlos is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi , also known as Don Carlo .
March 10 , 1997 - Monday Night Raw officially became Raw is War ; the show introduced production elements such as the TitanTron and the opening pyrotechnics display .
Morrison majored in English at Syracuse University ; it was there that he met Lou Reed , a fellow English student .
The Wire-crested Thorntail ( Discosura popelairii ) is a hummingbird which occurs in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Definition and scope Classical electrophysiological techniques Classical electrophysiology techniques involve placing electrodes into various preparations of biological tissue .
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system .
On November 6 , 1896 it was renamed Custer County after General George Armstrong Custer , who was killed at the Battle of Little Bighorn .
In 1922 , the territory of what is now the Republic of Ireland gained independence , leaving Northern Ireland as a continuing part of the United Kingdom .
Juanes later sold his escopetarra for US$ 17,000 at a Beverly Hills fundraiser held to benefit victims of anti-personnel mines , while the escopetarra given to the UN was exhibited at the June 2006 of the UN Conference on Disarmament .
Places in Berwickshire include Ayton , Coldingham , Coldstream , Duns , Earlston , Eyemouth , Foulden , Greenlaw , Lauder ( former seat of the county Commissariat ) , Mordington , St. Abbs , and Swinton .
Carr was awarded the Governor-General 's Award for non-fiction the following year for Klee Wyck .
He invented a system of latitude and longitude . He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the earth by using a measuring system using stades , or the length of stadiums during that time period ( with remarkable accuracy ) .
Its name , Casineria , is a latinization of Cheese Bay , the site near Edinburgh , where it was found .
Awards King has received many broadcasting awards .
Auchel is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Tropical Depression Six formed on August 25 .
Hard rock ( or heavy rock ) is a loosely defined genre of rock music which has its earliest roots in mid-1960s garage rock , blues rock and psychedelic rock .
The portrayals of Ash in the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu , Pocket Monster Zensho , and Ash & Pikachu , are very similar to the one in the anime .
Ohio State also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed '' fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( it has since dropped to seventh ) .
The description of the accident in '' A Day in the Life '' was not a literal description of Browne 's fatal accident .
Noncommercial or NonCommercial ( nc ) : Licensees may copy , distribute , display , and perform the work and make derivative works based on it only for noncommercial purposes .
where is the heat sink base thickness , is the heat sink material thermal conductivity and is the area of the heat sink base .
Examples This exchange of plants and animals transformed European , American , African , and Asian ways of life .
Most cases are due to infection with viruses , with bacteria , fungi , and parasites being the next most common causes .
Trafficking in people has been facilitated by porous borders and advanced communication technologies , it has become increasingly transnational in scope and highly lucrative within its barbarity .
Roy Harold Scherer , Jr. , later Roy Harold Fitzgerald ( November 17 , 1925-October 2 , 1985 ) , known professionally as Rock Hudson , was an American film and television actor , recognized as a romantic leading man during the 1950s and 1960s , most notably in several romantic comedies with Doris Day .
Karloff played Frankenstein 's monster in two other films , Bride of Frankenstein ( 1935 ) and Son of Frankenstein ( 1939 ) , which also featured Lugosi .
She is the first woman , the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest post-war German chancellor .
The image is oriented so that the upper left corner points toward north ( 46.4 ) on the celestial sphere .
However , separating the twins only got serious in the new spin-off .
It echoed the female empowerment sentiments of TLC 's massive hit '' No Scrubs '' , and featured the same producer ( Kevin She ` kspere Briggs ) and songwriter ( Kandi Burruss ) .
Zappas sponsored the first Olympic Games in 1859 , which was held in an Athens city square .
Super Mario Sunshine is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube . It was released in Japan in July 2002 , in North America in August 2002 , and in Europe and Australia in October 2002 .
