Franco Tancredi ( born 10 January 1955 in Giulianova ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for A.S. Roma and Italy .
In the deer family ( Cervidae ) , only the moose , Alces alces ( called an '' elk '' in Europe ) , is larger , and Cervus unicolor ( the sambar deer ) can rival the C. canadensis elk in size .
However , the trio achieved even greater success with the multi-platinum selling Enema of the State (/O1999/O) .
The city is the administrative center for the Highland council area , The Highland Council website .
Casimir III of Poland is succeeded jointly by his sister , Elisabeth of Kujavia , and her son , Louis I of Hungary , beginning the rule of Poland by the Capet-Anjou family .
Light emitted from beyond the horizon can never reach the observer , and any object that approaches the horizon from the observer 's side appears to slow down and never quite pass through the horizon , with its image becoming more and more redshifted as time elapses .
Publication history Uncle Ben first appeared in Amazing Fantasy # 15 ( August 1962 ) and was killed in the very same issue .
Modern Eastern Aramaic exists in a wide variety of dialects and languages .
A bunker is a defensive military fortification .
The name Centreville was replaced In 1887 by the more popular '' Chilliwhack . '' The area was incorporated in 1908 as a separate municipality , the City of Chilliwack .
The cathedral also has the largest cloister and the largest cathedral close in Britain ( 80 acres ) .
Verquin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The feud first started on the March 7 edition of Raw when Orton challenged Undertaker to a match at WrestleMania billed as '' Legend vs. Legend Killer '' match .
Mary Geneva Doud '' Mamie '' Eisenhower ( November 14 , 1896 - November 1 , 1979 ) was the wife of President Dwight D. Eisenhower , and First Lady of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .
It became a fully-fledged university in 1965 and currently comprises faculties of law , medicine , philosophy , mathematics and natural sciences , and economics .
The bank was the largest in Europe during the 15th century , seeing the Medici gain political power in Florence -- though officially they remained simply citizens , rather than monarchs .
Most software is produced in different versions , from low-priced software for single computers up to versions for companies with many desktop and server computers .
When preserved by being gutted and salted in brine , matured , then packed in oil or salt , they acquire a characteristic strong flavor .
It has been dubbed the '' Bathtub Racing Capital of the World '' and '' Harbour City '' .
Another city motto states : Never other weapons we shall take that those we elect ; and we claim for encouragement : we want Freedom or death .
Tsunami and inquiry into its causes 3.89.2-5 Campaigns of Demosthenes in western Greece .
The Jubilee line is colored silver\/grey on the Tube map .
In the spring of 190 , Rome was afflicted by a food shortage , for which the praefectus annonae Papirius Dionysius , the official actually in charge of the grain supply , contrived to lay the blame on Cleander .
The title '' La traviata '' means literally The Fallen Woman , or perhaps more figuratively , The Woman Who Goes Astray .
History of former grammar school , accessed 12 November , 2008 The first headmaster was Samuel Clegg .
The '' borough '' of the opera is a fictional village which shares some similarities with Crabbe 's , and later Britten 's , own home Aldeburgh , on England 's east coast , around 1830 .
Her first sound film was The Hole in the Wall ( ) , co-starring another newcomer , Edward G. Robinson , which was followed by The Lady Lies ( 1929 ) .
Back in Paris , Casals organized a trio with the pianist Alfred Cortot and the violinist Jacques Thibaud ; they played concerts and made recordings until 1937 .
The province is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
During her various visits to Northern Ireland , she in fact regularly met politicians of all hues , including David Trimble of the Ulster Unionist Party and John Hume of the Social Democratic and Labour Party .
The name of the mountain is said to have derived from the monks ' cowls ( the Kutten ) .
In March 2007 , Dell applied to trademark the term '' cloud computing '' in the United States .
Since the CD-RW discs need to be blanked either entirely or '' on the fly '' before recording actual data , writing too slowly or with too low energy on a high speed unblanked disc will cause the phase change layer to cool off before blanking has been achieved , preventing the actual data from being reliably written .
The storm died over the Yucatan Peninsula on November 1 as it was absorbed by a cold front .
Hovell explored and reported on the land surrounding Western Port and to the north of it , and near the coast to the east at Cape Paterson he discovered '' great quantities of very fine coal '' .
White Bird is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
For new proposals , see .
Some words will , when transformed with ROT13 , produce another word .
Media studies is an academic discipline and field of study that deals with the content , history and effects of various media ; in particular , the ` mass media ' .
The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 Disney film distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company starring Edward Hermann , Barbara Harris and Susan Clark .
Spurgeon ( 1911 ) , p. 565 '' It is called a '' book '' , as it is usually represented with pages , although it can be shown on a single page or banner .
Zeeland , in the Netherlands
Typically the United Kingdom suffers 450 drownings per annum or 1 per 150,000 of population whereas the United States suffers 6,500 drownings or around 1 per 50,000 of population .
It is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-esteem .
The total area is 156.61 km , giving a population density of 67.9 inhabitants per km .
Sakya
These stations focus primarily on marketing to African-Americans between the ages of 18 and 34 .
Reverse transcribing viruses with RNA genomes ( retroviruses ) , use a DNA intermediate to replicate , whereas those with DNA genomes ( pararetroviruses ) use an RNA intermediate during genome replication .
It is located by the village of Sandtoft , near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire .
Of the band 's original core trio , the album only features Robert Del Naja .
Medieval foreign policy was as much shaped by relations with Flemish textile industry as it was by dynastic adventures in western France .
The player selects the new character 's race , such as Orcs or Trolls for the Horde or Humans or Dwarves for the Alliance .
Juggling is a skill involving moving objects for entertainment or sport .
Autreppes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Asia The Song Dynasty Chinese historian and scholar Ouyang Xiu obtains his jinshi degree at the age of only 22 by passing the highest level examinations in the country ( his third attempt ) , leading him into a distinguished path as a scholar-official .
Noémie is a version used in French-speaking countries .
They were provided by Nicholas Briggs ( who performed the voices for the Cybermen in Big Finish audio stories as well as the Daleks in both the new series and the audio stories ) .
Gundaroo has become something of a dormitory for Canberra and is a fairly trendy village for tourists from Canberra and further afield because of its well preserved early and mid 19th century heritage .
They take 25 years to orbit Neptune at an average of 125 times the distance between Earth and the Moon .
He returned to the House of Commons in October 1974 as the Ulster Unionist Party MP for the Northern Irish constituency of South Down until he was defeated in the 1987 General Election .
Not all of the drivers were complimentary , with Giancarlo Fisichella expressing a particular dislike of the pit exit , which dips under the main circuit by way of a tunnel .
In the United States , they remain most popular in California , Colorado , and Washington .
Although Richard was not entirely without ability , he had no power base in either Parliament or the Army , and was forced to resign in May 1659 , bringing the Protectorate to an end .
His son with Kaputikyan , poet Hovhannes Shiraz , LM Ara Shiraz , is a sculptor .
The observatory is one of the largest in the Southern Hemisphere .
Born in London , he went to Sevenoaks SchoolSevenoaks School and then studied three dimensional design at Manchester Polytechnic and at the Royal College of Art , winning several prizes .
Franco Orsucci , Changing Mind : Transitions in Natural and Artificial Environments , p. 14 , ISBN 9812380272 .
Morphogenesis can take place also in a mature organism , in cell culture or inside tumor cell masses .
The Dalai Lama ( ; ) is a Buddhist leader of religious officials of the Gelug or '' Yellow Hat '' branch of Tibetan Buddhism .
In England , in the Anglo-Saxon period , Shires were established as areas used for the raising of taxes , and usually had a fortified town at their center .
Mikhail Nikolaevich Baryshnikov ( born January 27 , 1948 ) is a Soviet-born Russian American dancer , choreographer , and actor , often cited alongside Vaslav Nijinsky and Rudolf Nureyev as one of the greatest ballet dancers of the 20th century .
In the 1970s , he developed a plan to build human settlements in outer space , including a space habitat design known as the O'Neill cylinder .
Having been relegated to the England B team Sutton refused to play , and Hoddle never selected Sutton for an England squad again .
The marriage lasted a little over three years , and in October 2009 , Lavigne filed for divorce .
The event was first held in 1930 under the title of the British Empire Games in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
He made his debut at La Scala in the same year as the Chevalier danois in Gluck 's Armide .
Shadow Puppets ( 2002 ) , by Orson Scott Card is the sequel to Shadow of the Hegemon and the third book in the Ender 's Shadow series ( often called the Bean Quartet ) .
For the most recent season of Bowl Subdivision play , see 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season
Oklahoma State University - Tulsa & ndash ; Tulsa , Oklahoma
Tourism has only recently begun to be developed , with a number of hotels around the Guardalavaca area and Cayo Saetia .
Southbridge has a long history of manufacture of optical products , earning it the unofficial title '' Eye of the Commonwealth , '' in reference to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
It was first performed at Sadler 's Wells in London on June 7 , 1945 , conducted by Reginald Goodall and was the first of Britten 's operas to be a critical and popular success .
The University of Mississippi , also known as Ole Miss , is a public , coeducational research university located in Oxford , Mississippi .
Mauve is more gray and more blue than a pale tint of magenta would be .
A relatively small fraction of these topics are frequently censored by educational , governmental , corporate , parental , and other filtering schemes .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
Cheese is produced throughout the world in wide-ranging flavors , textures , and forms .
Recent efforts to preserve and increase the Cherokee language in Oklahoma and the Cherokee Indian reservation in North Carolina have been productive .
In the 9th century - during the First Bulgarian Empire - a fortress was built in Haskovo that soon was transformed into a town .
Some viruses can '' hide '' within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .
The highest point is Kamakou on east Moloka'i , at 4,970 feet .
Lady Agnes Georgiana Elizabeth Hay ( 12 May 1829 -- 18 December 1869 ) , wed to James Duff in 16 March 1846 , was the third child and second daughter .
In 1962 , he became first Briton to wear the maillot jaune as leader of the Tour de France ( after stage 12 ) and finished sixth overall ( his highest placing and the best by a Briton until Robert Millar 's fourth in 1984 , and later Bradley Wiggins ' fourth in 2009 ) , losing third spot after a crash .
Murray has performed in pop , country and adult contemporary styles .
For reference purposes , a particular permutation may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised , the positions being universally numbered 1 to 3 , from top to bottom , on the left , and 4 to 6 , from top to bottom , on the right .
In 1999 , the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force became the first LGBT civil rights organization to stop work on ENDA because of its lack of transgender-inclusion .
Images of the deity were kept in homes and he was depicted quite differently from the other gods .
Evolution Gymnotiformes are among the more derived members of Ostariophysi , a lineage of primary freshwater fishes .
When a pawn advances to the eighth rank , as a part of the move it is promoted and must be exchanged for the player 's choice of queen , rook , bishop , or knight of the same color .
( prounounced '' Zeh-vee-us '' as per the phonetics of the original Japanese ( katakana ) rendering , '' Zee-vee-us '' as per television advertising by the American licensor ) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game by Namco , released in 1982 .
Malan Island is an offshore mud volcano located in the Arabian Sea , 3 kilometres off the coast of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Planetesimals within the region which would become the asteroid belt were too strongly perturbed by Jupiter 's gravity to form a planet .
Emperor Tiberius orders his governor of Syria , Vitellius , to capture or kill Aretas , but he is reluctant to support Herod and abandons his campaign upon Tiberius ' death in 37 .
Digitel Mobile Philippines , Inc. , is a mobile telecommunication service provider in the Philippines doing business as Sun Cellular .
Afterwards , the strings are fine tuned using the tuning pegs ( sometimes , rosin is used on the part of the tuning peg that touches the qin body to stop it from slipping , especially if the qin is tuned to higher pitches ) .
The four constituent parts of the United Kingdom , i.e. , England , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and Wales ( whose status is described as either '' country '' , '' province '' , or '' principality '' ) , are also assigned codes , as well as three other geopolitical terms which are included for completeness :
A cupcake ( British English : fairy cake ; Australian English : patty cake or cup cake ) is a small cake designed to serve one person , frequently baked in a small , thin paper or aluminum cup .
Articles related to domestic cats .
Wu-Tang Clan , an American hip-hop group
Germany was still absent , having not been invited by the Organizing Committee .
A bottle cap is typically colorfully decorated with the logo of the brand of beverage .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 15 , 1990 .
In February 1961 , Monroe was admitted to the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic .
Specialized courts hear cases related to administrative , labour , social , fiscal , and patent law .
Coclois is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In the fall of 1993 , the franchise moved to Dallas , Texas , and is now known as the Dallas Stars .
Both towers and masts provide limited occupied floor space and are non-building structures , as opposed to regular buildings which have greater floor space for occupancy .
The uvula functions in tandem with the back of the throat , the palate , and air coming up from the lungs to create a number of guttural and other sounds .
The Whale Who Wanted To Sing At the Met is the bittersweet finale about a Sperm Whale with incredible musical talent and his dreams of singing Grand Opera .
These are sites of exceptional preservation , where ` soft ' parts of organisms are preserved as well as their more resistant shells .
Besides being one of France 's most popular and enduring singers , he is also one of the best-known singers in the world .
Influenza , commonly referred to as the flu , is an infectious disease caused by RNA viruses of the family Orthomyxoviridae ( the influenza viruses ) , that affects birds and mammals .
The film stars Jim Carrey as Count Olaf , a mysterious theater troupe actor who attempts to steal the inheritance of the three wealthy Baudelaire orphans played by Emily Browning , Liam Aiken , and Kara and Shelby Hoffman .
Salem is a city in Fulton County , Arkansas , United States .
Characters Wilbur is a rambunctious pig , the runt of his litter , who loves life , even that of Zuckerman 's barn .
Cichlids ( ) are fish from the family Cichlidae in the order Perciformes .
Luis , the fifteenth tropical cyclone , had formed from a tropical wave on August 27 .
The Israeli National Football Team ( ) is the national football team of Israel and is controlled by the Israel Football Association ( IFA ) .
To You we come , Angelic Pastor , In You we see the gentle Redeemer , The Holy Heir of true and holy Faith ; Comfort and refuge of those who believe and fight .
Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Charlottenburg is located in Berlin 's inner city , west of the Tiergarten park . Its historic core Alt Lietzow is situated near the river Spree within the Berlin-Warsaw glacial valley .
Gordini worked with Renault as an engine tuner and finally sold his firm to Renault which entered Renault-Gordini cars at the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 1962 until 1969 .
The Common Indian Toad or Common Asiatic/Asian Toad or Black-spined Toad Duttaphrynus melanostictus is a species of toad that is common in South Asia .
Reading , MA : Helix Books , p. 111 He later worked at the University of California , Los Angeles , at Vanderbilt University ( until 1964 ) , in the Department of Genetics of the University of Washington , Seattle ( until 1968 ) and then at the Mathematics Institute of the University of Oslo .
Jean Fouquet , French painter ( d. 1481 )
Yoo Sang-Chul ( born October 18 , 1971 ) is a retired South Korean football player who , as of 2005 was playing for Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i .
Coyle said that with this album '' The songs are all in the same vein , whereas the others have been quite random . ''
She is an older lady with white coloured hair .
Brabantio , a Venetian senator , Gratiano 's brother , and Desdemona 's father
A Stirling engine is a heat engine operating by cyclic compression and expansion of air or other gas , the working fluid , at different temperature levels such that there is a net conversion of heat energy to mechanical work .
In locomotives , the prime mover is thus the source of power for its propulsion .
She is chiefly known for paintings of flowers , rocks , shells , animal bones , and landscapes in which she synthesized abstraction and representation .
Massive Attack are a British trip hop group , founded in 1988 by Robert Del Naja , Grantley Marshall , and Andrew Vowles in Bristol , England .
The series is set in the year 2517 , after the arrival of humans in a new star system , and follows the adventures of the renegade crew of Serenity , a '' Firefly-class '' spaceship .
In Formula One racing the terms '' constructor '' and '' entrant '' have specific and differing meanings .
In particular , a nucleus is held together by the strong force , while a neutron star is held together by gravity .
By eliminating the more obvious traces of Hatshepsut 's monuments as pharaoh and reducing her status to that of his co-regent , Thutmose III could claim that the royal succession ran directly from Thutmose II to Thutmose III without any interference from his aunt .
Julianne Moore ( born December 3 , 1960 ) is an American actress and a children 's book author .
Located on the Pacific coast in the Ch bu region on central Honsh , it is the capital of Aichi Prefecture and is one of Japan 's major ports along with those of Tokyo , Osaka , Kobe , Yokohama , Chiba , and Moji .
John Henry Newton ( July 24 , 1725 -- December 21 , 1807 ) was an English sailor and Anglican clergyman .
They are not to be confused with the larger .
Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Small memories on or close to the CPU can operate faster than the much larger main memory .
The city is clustered around a large fortress and medieval old-town beside the River Forth .
The questions of what these characteristics are , what causes them and how this causation works , and how fixed human nature is , are amongst the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy .
From where they came , though , is a matter subject to a lot of controversy ( ie .
Peking Man ( ) , also called Sinanthropus pekinensis ( currently Homo erectus pekinensis ) , is an example of Homo erectus .
Los Angeles Dodgers ( )
The centro ( '' Downtown '' in American English or '' CBD '' - central business district - in other English use ) , place of foundation of the city , is the most bustling area , which concentrates most of the financial institutions of Curitiba .
Oxford Illustrated History of Opera , Chapter 1 ; articles on Peri and Monteverdi in The Viking Opera Guide .
Geographically Mansehra lies directly to the north , but the hilly terrain results in these winding roads , hence Baldheri is en route to Mansehra from Abbottabad city .
The purpose of the paleolithic cave paintings is not known .
Unlike the Short-beaked Echidna , which eats ants and termites , the Long-beaked species eats earthworms .
The 2005 UEFA Women 's Championship , also referred to as WOMEN 'S EURO 2005 ( trademark of UEFA ) , was a football tournament for women held from 5 June to 19 June 2005 in Lancashire , England .
Vortex ( California 's Great America ) , a stand-up roller coaster at California 's Great America in Santa Clara , California , United States
Later , they created their second song , entitled '' Hoe Down '' , this time with their friend Dani Artaud whom after that became a band member .
He had become interested in writing verse , and although he wrote several sonnets to Beatrice , he never mentioned his wife Gemma in any of his poems .
it was built in 1963 .
The Province of Lucca ( ) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
The natural minor scale is the sixth mode ( or Aeolian mode ) of the major scale .
Christapor Mikaelian ( Armenian : ) also known by his noms de guerre Hellen ( ) , Topal ( ) , and Edward ( ) , ( October 18 , 1859 - March 1 , 1905 ) was one of the three founders of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation along Stepan Zorian and Simon Zavarian , also part of Armenian national liberation movement .
On April 24 , at a house show in Paris , France , Melina lost the Women 's Championship in a Triple Threat match to James when James pinned Victoria , but on the orders of Jonathan Coachman she was entitled to a rematch on the same night , where she pinned James by putting her hands on the ropes to regain the title and become a two-time WWE Women 's Champion .
Spy Kids is the first film of the Spy Kids trilogy .
He earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28-page dissertation on non-cooperative games .
In the law of torts , an invitee is a person who is invited to land by the possessor of the land as a member of the public or one who is invited to the land for the purpose of business dealings with the possessor of the land .
In the Verkhovna Rada elections , the seats are divided among all parties that achieved a minimum 3 % nationwide vote tally , using the Hamilton method of apportionment .
In 2007 , Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand , who won the World Chess Championship tournament ahead of Kramnik .
A powerful striker whose main strength was his heading ability , he scored five times in double digits during his stint with the Bavarians , for a total of 127 goals in 288 league matches , in the German top division alone ; he retired in 1987 , at 34 .
The American Robin is the state bird of Connecticut , Michigan and Wisconsin .
The phrase '' Bush Doctrine '' was rarely used by members of the Bush administration .
Joseba Sarrionandia Uribelarrea ( Iurreta , Biscay , April 13 1958 ) is a Basque writer and member of the independentist Basque separatist group ETA .
The 1914 season is one of only two hurricane seasons on record that did not produce any hurricanes , the other being the 1907 season .
Sean Christopher Avery ( born April 10 , 1980 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Yucca moth lays its eggs in the yucca plant at the same time pollinating it .
A committee of baseball writers were to convene after the season to determine the '' most important and useful player to the club and to the league '' .
USB does not support cyclical networks and the standards connectors from incompatible USB devices are themselves incompatible .
The series was directed by Morio Asaka with music by K-Taro Takanami and character designs by Hisashi Abe .
According to USA Savate [ ] , '' savate ranks lower in number of injuries when compared to American football , hockey , football , gymnastics , basketball , baseball and inline skating '' .
The legacy of Suharto 's 32-year rule is debated both in Indonesia and abroad .
HMS Association (/O1697/O) , a Royal Navy ship which sank in 1707
Castillon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Louis was officially arrested on the 13th of August , 1792 , and sent to the Temple , an ancient fortress in Paris that was used as a prison .
In Kojiki and Nihonshoki only his name and genealogy were recorded .
The word iqama ( ) refers to the second call to Islamic Prayer , given immediately before the prayer begins .
Distribution Most émigrés initially fled from Southern Russia and Ukraine to Turkey and then moved to eastern European Slavic countries , such as the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia , and Poland .
The Korean peninsula had been ruled by Japan from 1910 until the end of World War II .
( Latin ) '' Star and Key of the Indian Ocean ''
A tree is a plant form that occurs in many different orders and families of plants .
In 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; however in 1952 he tied with Mark Taimanov and won the play-off match .
( Note that defensive is universal . )
In German and Spanish Gothic architecture it often appears as openwork screens on the exterior of buildings .
The Simpson Desert is underlain by the Great Artesian Basin , one of the largest inland drainage areas in the world .
Most western European countries changed the start of the year to January 1 before they adopted the Gregorian calendar .
The upgrade of 1871 was complementary to some of the larger fortifications being constructed during the same period on Middle Head , South Head , Georges Heights and Georges Head .
is a Japanese dumpling made from mochiko ( rice flour ) , related to mochi .
I wanted it to sound as though I 'd been performing it on stage all week . ''
Though Universal 's film unit did produce occasional hits , among them Airport , The Sting , American Graffiti , Earthquake , and a blockbuster that restored the company 's fortunes , Jaws , Universal in the 1970s was primarily a television studio .
Seoul Incheon International Airport 's terminal has 74 boarding gates altogether , with 44 in the main passenger building and 30 in Concourse A.
Paul Reubens ( born Paul Rubenfeld ; August 27 , 1952 ) is an American actor , writer , film producer , and comedian , best known for his character Pee-wee Herman .
Mende , France Wunsiedel , Germany Gallery Others websites Town web site Volterra history and Etruscan Museum Volterra Free Travel Guide Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Foundation of the legendary Order of the Rose Cross -- Rosicrucian Order -- an Esoteric Christian fraternity , according to the Rosicrucian Fellowship , The Rosicrucian Fellowship ( founded 1909 ) : The Rosicrucian Interpretation of Christianity and for the first time expounded in the major Christian literary work Divine Comedy ( Divina Commedia , written by Dante Alighieri between 1304 and 1321 ) , according to major masonic and occult writers .
The book was rejected by 28 publishers before Grisham found Wynwood Press , an unknown publisher , willing to give the book a modest 5,000-copy printing .
It usually serves a purpose such as a charitable gathering , a ceremony , or a celebration , and is often preceded or followed by speeches in honor of someone .
It is bordered on the west by the city of Troy ; on the north by Schaghticoke and Pittstown ; on the east by Grafton ; and on the south by Poestenkill and North Greenbush .
Informal activity '' to help develop friendly relations between member countries '' began in 1946 , and AIESEC was officially founded in 1948 .
It stipulated that the department was to be created no later than November 8 , sixty days following the date of enactment .
Accessed 6 January 2007 She classifies her work as Transpressionism , a movement she has introduced .
It follows the mission of the crew of the USS Enterprise-E as they are forced to deal with a threat to the United Federation of Planets from a Reman clone of Captain Picard named Shinzon who has taken control of the Romulan Star Empire in a coup .
The climate is hot in summer , mild in winter and dry , although rainstorms in catchment areas occasionally cause flooding of the Namoi River .
The Sympathetic Nervous System ( SNS ) is a branch of the autonomic nervous system along with the enteric nervous system and parasympathetic nervous system .
Mommy 's Little Monster is the first album by American punk rock band Social Distortion , released in 1983 ( though the CD erroneously notes 1982 ) .
Some of her charting singles include '' Crucify '' , '' Silent All These Years '' , '' God '' , '' Cornflake Girl '' , '' Caught a Lite Sneeze '' , '' Professional Widow '' , '' Spark '' , '' 1000 Oceans '' , and '' A Sorta Fairytale '' , her most commercially successful single in the U.S. to date .
During his life , his poems were not generally well received by critics ; however , his reputation grew and he held significant posthumous influence on many later poets , including Alfred Tennyson and Wilfred Owen .
Many preserved historical buildings are the evidence of the 770 years of its existence .
He headed a delegation traveled to Vietnam to seek the fullest possible accounting of missing veterans .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French ( which was restarted in December 2006 ) .
Then he earned his doctorate (/O1960/O) in astronomy and astrophysics .
Afterwards the name Pakistan was proposed by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933 .
The Glorious Revolution , also called the Revolution of 1688 , was the overthrow of King James II of England ( VII of Scotland and II of Ireland ) in 1688 by a union of English Parliamentarians with an invading army led by the Dutch stadtholder William III of Orange-Nassau ( William of Orange ) who , as a result , ascended the English throne as William III of England together with his wife Mary II of England .
Chappelle 's Show was an American comedy television series created by comedian Dave Chappelle and Neal Brennan , with Chappelle hosting the show as well as starring in various skits .
The joint style of William III and Mary II was '' William and Mary , by the Grace of God , King and Queen of England , France and Ireland , Defenders of the Faith , etc. '' when they ascended the Throne .
The historical population is given in the following table : Municipality of Sachseln website - Sachseln in numbers .
It may be practiced for hygiene , religious or therapeutic purposes or as a recreational activity .
George Best ( 22 May 1946 25 November 2005 ) was a Northern Irish professional football player , best known for his years with Manchester United .
Folk may refer to :
January 23 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England , then 18 years old , appears incognito in the lists at Richmond , and is applauded for his jousting before he reveals himself .
Tropical Storm Keith came a day later .
Dinitrogen pentoxide is the chemical compound with the formula N2O5 .
In preserved brains , it has a gray color , hence the name '' gray matter '' .
Soon after , Melina and Nitro began teaming with Joey Matthews , later known as Joey Mercury .
Industrial music bands like Test Department generated sounds from this instrument and used them in their industrial performances , linking ecology to industry , influenced by ethnic music and culture .
He was already successful as a junior , becoming champion of Estonia in 1982 and junior champion of the Soviet Union in 1984 .
At in 2007 , she defeated Melina to win her first WWE Women 's Championship and became the first former Diva Search contestant to win a WWE title .
The building has a mosque built around it , the Masjid al-Haram .
The two most significant landmarks in Catlettsburg are the flood wall and the Catlettsburg Refinery .
Japanese
For the first five years , the event would be won by drivers with either prior Formula One experience , or would enter the championship after winning the Canadian Grand Prix .
In 1829 , a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania court found the American anti-clerical writer Anne Royall guilty of being a common scold , the outcome of a campaign launched against her by local clergymen .
Usually an ox is over four years old due to the need for training and to allow it to grow to full size .
It is open weekday mornings without charge .
Between 1907 and 1912 , Rubinstein established himself as one of the strongest players in the world .
On October 28 , 2005 , Staal had his first career hat trick against the Philadelphia Flyers .
Then many people go to work or school .
An example of a vector space is that of Euclidean vectors which are often used to represent physical quantities such as forces : any two forces ( of the same type ) can be added to yield a third , and the multiplication of a force vector by a real factor is another force vector .
Grousset , Rene , The Empire of the Steppes , ( Rutgers University Press , 1991 ) , 161,164 ; '' .
During 1889 , at the Exposition Universelle in Paris , Debussy heard Javanese gamelan music .
He chose his pen name in honor of the famous Czech poet Jan Neruda .
Anderson also authored several works of fantasy , historical novels , and a prodigious number of short stories .
Méry - Corbon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
For example , Thorotrast , a ( incidentally-radioactive ) suspension previously used as a contrast medium in x-ray diagnostics , is a potent human carcinogen known because of its retention within various organs and persistent emission of alpha particles .
The county is also home to Barber-Scotia College , the Cabarrus College of Health Sciences ( a four year college ) , and a branch of Rowan-Cabarrus Community College .
Introduction to Sociology .
The Board voted against his idea , but it also voted against the idea that public money should be used to support students attending church schools .
Fender also produces Stratocasters under the Squier brand in China , Indonesia and India at lower cost than Fender-branded models .
San Marcos is home to Texas State University- San Marcos , and the Aquarena Center .
Mackintosh or Macintosh , a raincoat
He was the Titan of Mortal Life , while his son , Prometheus , was the creator of mankind .
The First Council of the Lateran confirms the Concordat of Worms and demands that priests remain celibate .
Stefano Fiore ( born April 17 , 1975 in Cosenza ) is an Italian football player who can play as an attacking midfielder or on the wing .
The Peace of Augsburg began to unravel as some converted bishops refused to give up their bishoprics , and as certain Habsburg and other Catholic rulers of the Holy Roman Empire and Spain sought to restore the power of Catholicism in the region .
Yo-Yo Ma ( ; born October 7 , 1955 ) is a French-born American cellist , virtuoso , orchestral composer of Chinese descent , and winner of multiple Grammy Awards , the National Medal of Arts in 2001 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2011 .
Flame ( robot ) , an experimental walking robot
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water , while other structures such as floodgates or levees ( also known as dikes ) are used to manage or prevent water flow into specific land regions .
Questions have been raised as to whether Daqiqi harbored some Zoroastrian beliefs , or was simply promoting Sassanian cultural trends in the wake of Samanid domination .
He has produced a six-volume monograph , The Maussolleion at Halikarnassos .
Curie ( Ci ) , a unit of radioactivity
Oxegen has attracted significant attention from outside Ireland , with many of those attending travelling from overseas and Northern Ireland also experiences a '' mass exodus '' to the festival .
The ` W2W ' ` Wear-to-Walney ' route , and the ` Two-Rivers ' ( Tyne and Wear ) route also terminate in Sunderland .
Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine .
Education and work Rau was born in the Barmen part of Wuppertal , Rhine Province , as the third of five children .
Pichilemu is located west of San Fernando , Chile , on the coast of the Pacific Ocean .
For the article about the British colonial administrator and Governor , see Douglas James Jardine Douglas Robert Jardine ( 23 October 1900 - 18 June 1958 ) was an English cricketer and captain of the England cricket team from 1931 to 1933-34 .
Towards the close of the year 1837 he returned to France , and on 21 December married Mlle Agathe Delamalle ( Garches , Hauts-de-Seine , 15 October 1819 - Paris , 13 July 1853 ) , daughter of the government prosecuting attorney at the court of Angers .
This was achieved by an accelerating relay ( often called a '' notching relay '' ) in the motor circuit which monitored the fall of current as each step of resistance was cut out .
The issue was whether the Independent Counsel could prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Gates was deliberately not telling the truth when he later claimed not to have remembered any reference to the diversion before meeting with Allen in October .
Jonny Kennedy born 16 February , 1990 in England is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
The year 1990 is considered by some people to be the year of the horse .
Muri bei Bern is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
His early work is often concerned with the figure in the landscape and comprises many paintings of groups of large , heavy figures in the landscape , imaginatively painted .
Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes , first Chief Justice of N.S.W.
Villegouge is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The word derives from the Greek language '' '' , which literally means '' the inhabited world '' , YourDictionary - ecumenical definition 1996-2010 LoveToKnow , Corp. .
Judgment Day (/O2009/O) , a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , took place on May 17 , 2009 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Doazon is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Apart from minor changes , the city boundary defined in the law is still the same as today , even though its character changed several times over the years .
It is best known for its spectacular skill at hunting birds , able to snatch a bird in flight , sometimes more than one at a time .
Most rolling stock , and every loco except for Lew , was scrapped at Pilton .
The skull of A. m. qinlingensis is smaller than its relatives , and it has larger molars .
These include the Nocturne , the Serenade for Tenor , Horn and Strings , the Canticles , the operas Peter Grimes and Albert Herring ( title roles ) , his adaption of The Beggar 's Opera ( Macheath ) , Owen Wingrave ( Sir Philip Wingrave ) , Billy Budd ( Captain Vere ) , The Turn of the Screw ( Quint ) , Death in Venice ( Aschenbach ) and the three Church Parables .
Hypochlorous acid is a weak acid with the chemical formula HClO .
Patau syndrome affects approximately one in 10,000 live births .
In 1979 , Palauans voted against joining the Federated States of Micronesia because of language and cultural differences .
That same night , Triple H also became a top contender to the WWE Championship by defeating five other men in an Elimination Chamber match , which featured wrestlers fighting in a ring surrounded by chains and girders .
It 's franchise area is county Mayo although it can be received in various parts of Connacht .
Lele soon falls in love with Alice and at the end of the season 2 Lele and Alice get married .
As of 2008 , there are 240 players , 97 builders and 15 on-ice officials in the Hall of Fame .
The character Frasier Crane ( played by Kelsey Grammer ) was featured in his own successful spin-off , Frasier , which also ran for eleven seasons and included guest appearances by all of the major , and some minor , Cheers characters , except for Kirstie Alley and the deceased Nicholas Colasanto .
The reason that Specialized was developed from Special English has to do with their respective intended usage .
Software , semiconductor , and computer industries have been innovative despite historically weak patent protection , he argued .
Since 1995 , the cities of Birmingham , Bristol , Leeds , Liverpool , Manchester , Newcastle , Nottingham and Sheffield have assembled together in the English Core Cities Group .
Graham eventually graduated from Wheaton College in Wheaton , Illinois with a degree in anthropology , in 1943 .
Other major cities on Vancouver Island include Nanaimo , Port Alberni , Parksville , Courtenay , and Campbell River .
Animals that have two sets of teeth , one followed by the other , are said to be diphyodont . Normally the dental formula for milk teeth is the same as for adult teeth except that the molars are missing .
For his actions in Warsaw von dem Bach-Zalewski was awarded on September 30 , 1944 , the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross by the Nazi regime .
There he learns about his parents and his connection to the Dark Lord , is sorted into Gryffindor House , becomes friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger , and foils Voldemort 's attempt to steal the Philosopher 's Stone .
Underpinning may be necessary for a variety of reasons :
This sequence also charts the historical development of self-awareness in AIs , with its continuing character , Jill , inspired in part by Robert A. Heinlein 's self-aware computer Mycroft Holmes ( '' High-Optional , Logical , Multi-Evaluating Supervisor '' ) in The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress .
The Christian Community ( ) is a Christian denomination .
Saint-Antoine-sur-l'Isle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Only the shell of the outer walls remained .
Japan Zone - Entertainment News from Japan : Meet the New Boss Sakai 's death Izumi Sakai died on May 27 , 2007 at age 40 in Keio University Hospital .
Indus River Dolphin ( or Bhulan ) , Platanista gangetica minor
Modern Talking 's first period of activity was from 1984 to 1987 .
Thomas Hitzlsperger ( born 5 April 1982 in Munich ) is a German footballer who plays for VfB Stuttgart as a midfielder and is their current captain .
Jacques Peletier du Mans , French mathematician ( d. 1582 )
The relative distance between two genes can be calculated by taking the offspring of an organism showing two linked genetic traits , and finding the percentage of the offspring where the two traits do not run together .
Insert the category-link at the bottom of new templates .
Kaloyan becomes Tsar of Bulgaria .
The Space Race became an important part of the cultural , technological , and ideological rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
The second theme , used from 1961 to -1962 , was an upbeat arrangement of the '' Theme from A Summer Place '' , by Max Steiner .
The population was 6,437 at the 2000 census .
Survivor South Africa
The dental pulp is the part in the center of a tooth made up of living connective tissue and cells called odontoblasts .
Gloria De Piero ( L )
It was named for the Americas , by analogy with europium .
Small groups of Frisians settled the surrounding lands and their settlements have been traced to England , Scotland , Norway , Germany , Belgium , France , and obviously in Denmark and the Netherlands .
See overview of theories on human evolution .
Burmese lyrics Burmese : IPA pronunciation MLC transcription kam .
There are four main features of the physical geography .
With Carlo Rosselli , Berneri organized the first column of Italian volunteers to fight in the Spanish Civil War against Francisco Franco 's attempted takeover , where he took part in the battles of Monte Pelado and Huesca ( in Aragon ) together with the Spanish anarchists of Francisco Ascaso Column and the Italians of the Matteotti Battalion .
The area of Hunza now forms the Aliabad tehsil of Hunza-Nagar District .
In the meantime , MOA has signed contracts to bring in Great Wolf Resorts as the waterpark operator , as well as Bass Pro Shops and a Kimpton Hotel .
The Epistle of Paul to Philemon , usually referred to simply as Philemon , is a prison letter to Philemon from Paul of Tarsus .
Opera is also not the only type of Western musical theater : in the ancient world , Greek drama featured singing and instrumental accompaniment ; and in modern times , other forms such as the musical have appeared .
Having an excellent soprano voice , he was accepted into the Royal Danish Theatre , but his voice soon changed .
You can tell the Siberian tiger by the fur around the neck , which makes it warm .
In Demonology , Leviathan is one of the seven princes of Hell and its gatekeeper ( see Hellmouth ) .
'' Boy ( I Need You ) '' , by Mariah Carey
When a computer is turned on , the computer 's BIOS finds the primary bootable device ( usually the computer 's hard disk ) and loads the initial bootstrap program from the master boot record ( MBR ) , the first 512 bytes of the hard disk , then transfers control to this code .
Neuville-Bourjonval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
References Bickley , Francis L. and Sayoni Basu , '' Nicolson nee Cory , Adela Florence pseud .
Ahmed Chagla attended the Sindh Madrassat-ul-Islam in Karachi and took lessons in classical Indian music in 1910 and western musical composition in 1914 .
There is a network of tunnels which are evidence of chalk-workings , though there is no evidence of extensive tunnels under the town center .
There are ( according to '' Setting A President '' ) 1,340 imaginary friends in Foster 's Home ; however , at the end of '' Emancipation Complication , '' Madame Foster states that there are 2,038 imaginary friends currently residing in the house , plus Bloo and Mr. Herriman , Madame Foster 's imaginary friend whom she never outgrew .
Archosauromorph reptiles -- especially archosaurs -- progressively replaced the synapsids that had dominated the Permian .
See the microformats project for further details .
King Louis-Philippe ( July Monarchy France )
date unknown -- King Eystein II of Norway ( b. c. 1125 )
International relations ( IR ) ( occasionally referred to as International Studies ( IS ) )
England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales have discrete systems of education .
Above the edit box , you will see a warning similar to : '' You are editing an old revision of this page .
He also served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times ( 1853 -- 1855 , 1859 -- 1866 , 1873 -- 1874 , and 1880 -- 1882 ) .
Silent Spring is a book written by Rachel Carson and published by Houghton Mifflin in September 1962 .
It was performed as a remix in a Destiny 's Child medley .
Taking of abalone is not permitted south of the mouth of the San Francisco Bay .
Java is a programming language originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems ( which is now a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation ) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform .
Batavian rebellion : The Batavians revolt , under the leadership of Gaius Julius Civilis .
Ulan Bator , the capital and largest city , is home to about 38 % of the population .
It is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .
When an association of animals ( or , by extension , people ) is described as a '' herd '' , the implication is that the group tends to act together ( for example , all moving in the same direction at a given time ) , but that this does not occur as a result of planning or co-ordination .
Shortly after graduating for the California Institute of the Arts Hartman was hired as a character designer for the animated series '' My Little Pony '' .
In other places , such as Alaska , borough designates a whole region ; Alaska 's largest borough , the North Slope Borough , is comparable in area to the entire United Kingdom .
Since the 1980s , having branched away from stand-up comedy , he has become a successful actor , playwright , pianist , banjo player , and juggler , eventually earning Emmy , Grammy , and American Comedy awards .
After destroying the mud men , they tried again by creating wooden creatures that could speak but had no soul or blood and quickly forgot their creators ; who destroyed the creatures by tearing them apart .
French literature is , generally speaking , literature written in the French language , particularly by citizens of France ; it may also refer to literature written by people living in France who speak traditional languages of France other than French .
Stream ciphers are often used for their speed and simplicity of implementation in hardware , and in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable length- for example , a secure wireless connection .
Tornadoes come in many shapes and sizes , but are typically in the form of a visible condensation funnel , whose narrow end touches the earth and is often encircled by a cloud of debris and dust .
Electromagnetic induction in physics and engineering
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Sh ka 3 .
Kandyse McClure -- Anastasia Dualla
In cultures which traditionally or currently use calendars other than the Gregorian , New Year 's Day is often also an important celebration .
Main villages of the Taluka are : Bakrani , Arija , Goth Pathan , Farid abad , Gerilo , Mihrabpur , Bakhu Dero , Mad bahu .
Interstate 90 ( I-90 ) is the longest Interstate Highway in the United States at .
Prior to the ban , asbestos was widely used in the construction industry . Many older buildings built before the late 1990s contain asbestos .
However , revisions could also be pruned in advance , by several actions each user could take to avoid long-term storage of more revisions .
The 2006 season finale '' Army of Ghosts '' \/O/ '' Doomsday '' featured a squad of four Dalek survivors from the old Empire , known as the Cult of Skaro , led by a black Dalek named '' Sec '' , that had survived the Time War by escaping into the Void between dimensions .
Matilda died of a fever at Hedingham Castle , Essex , England and is buried at Faversham Abbey , which was founded by her and her husband .
Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern .
He went on to form another band , Pirate , with high school friends , and met Powderfinger at a Pirate show .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Right whales were so named because early whalers considered them the '' right '' whale to hunt .
Several species occur on Hawaii , where gardenias are known as nau or n n .
The city lies on the Bolan Pass route which was once the only gateway to and from South Asia .
Consequently , it can now be found in numerous health food products ranging from cereal to energy bars .
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1929 -- 30 ( listed with their first team , asterisk ( \* ) marks debut in playoffs ) :
Kahn is nicknamed '' King Kahn '' or '' The Titan '' due to his formidable presence and influence .
You may also be looking for .
Miani or Meeanee is a village in Sindh , Pakistan , six miles north of Hyderabad .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth , New Jersey , as the College of New Jersey , the university moved to Newark in 1747 , then to Princeton in 1756 and was renamed Princeton University in 1896 .
On Christmas morning he leaves Max alone , tied up in a room in an old abandoned apartment that had almost been completely burnt down .
He was the first President of Ghana and the first Prime Minister of Ghana .
He completes 6 books that detail festivals found in the Roman Calendar .
Consensual adult incest is equally a crime in most countries , although it is seen by some as a victimless crime , and thus it is rarely reported .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
Development The character is described as both '' lethally charming ... good looking and utterly captivating '' , as well as '' flirtatious , cunning , clever and a bit of an action man '' .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 8,971 people , 3,556 households , and 2,364 families residing in the city .
This is the implement used to mix the powdered tea with the hot water .
Boyfriends ( film ) , a 1996 British film
The Marquess of Rockingham ( 1750-1761 ) The Most Hon.
The Castle was filmed in 11 days on a budget of approximately .
Jim Tucker is medical director of the Child and Family Psychiatry Clinic , and Associate Professor of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences at the University of Virginia .
Lavours is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Alternative Metal - What Is Alternative Metal - Alt-Metal History .
Charles '' Charlie '' Brown is the protagonist in the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
Lenzburg ( district ) , a district of the Canton of Aargau , of which Lenzburg is the capital
Chicago ( poker card game ) , a Swedish poker game ( or any one of several stud poker variants , including '' Chicago , '' '' Big Chicago , '' and '' Little Chicago '' )
His career in cinema started in 1914 , when a casual acquaintance offered him a part in a film .
Established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares in the Qionglai Mountains region .
Mountain Classification ( 1949 , 1952 )
The type specimen was found in the summer of 1876 in Montana , only about 100 miles from the site of the Battle of the Little Bighorn that June . Although it was not an articulated skeleton , Cope recovered most of the animal ( only the feet were entirely missing ) , including skull material and the base part of a long nasal horn .
Waldpolenz Solar Park , which is the world 's largest thin-film photovoltaic ( PV ) power system , was built by German developer and operator Juwi at a former military air base to the east of Leipzig in Germany .
Buchal Kalan is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Kallar Kahar TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal .
Retrieved Dec. 26 , 2008 .
Often referred to as S. R. Nathan , he was first sworn in on September 1 , 1999 .
South America has an area of 17,840,000 square kilometers ( 6,890,000 sq mi ) , or almost 3.5 % of the Earth 's surface .
Grove V , Vol .4 , '' Klenovsky , Paul '' In 1938 he presented a jubilee concert in the Royal Albert Hall .
GNU GRUB ( short for GNU GRand Unified Bootloader ) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project .
Richards , Tobe A . The Bluegrass Banjo Chord Bible : Open G Tuning 2,160 Chords .
It became the second single to be released from the album Standing on the Shoulder of Giants , peaking at number 4 in the UK charts .
Monstera is a genus of 22 ( -25 ) species of flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
A Microtiter plate ( spelled microtitre outside the United States ) or microplate or microwell plate , is a flat plate with multiple '' wells '' used as small test tubes .
The Dun Beal Gallimhe is erected by King Tairrdelbach mac Ruaidri Ua Conchobair of Connacht .
Unlike the first two series , it was not based on the original Dragon Ball manga .
The Balkan Peninsula may be defined as an area of southeastern Europe surrounded by water on three sides : the Adriatic Sea to the west , the Mediterranean Sea ( including the Ionian and Aegean seas ) to the south and the Black Sea to the east .
Joe Rogan ( born August 11 , 1967 ) is an American comedian , actor and longtime color commentator for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
It is spoken by approximately ten million people in six countries , including southern Germany , Switzerland , France , Austria , Liechtenstein , and Italy .
Thus even though there was always some amount of variety in the early Church 's liturgical worship , there was also a great deal of unity .
The Albion Hotel , once a Cobb and Co. stage coach stop , has tunnels situated underneath which were used during the gold rush to convey gold and money to and from the banks to minimise the chance of theft .
Kombu dashi stock is made by soaking kelp , or sea tangle , in water .
The somatosensory system is a diverse sensory system comprising the receptors and processing centres to produce the sensory modalities such as touch , temperature , proprioception ( body position ) , and nociception ( pain ) .
Recording began on 23 July 1969 , when The Beatles recorded a one-minute , 20-second master take that was extended via overdubs to two minutes and five seconds .
Battle of Kirina : Mandinka prince Sundiata Keita defeats Sosso king Soumaoro Kanté , beginning the Mali Empire .
In Brazil and Poland , white chicken eggs are generally regarded as industrial , and brown or reddish ones are preferred .
Meanwhile , Christmas visits his girlfriend , Lacy ( Charisma Carpenter ) , whom he discovers has left him for another man , who is actually abusive towards Lacy .
Saint-Laurent-d ` Arce is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Glossop is often cited as the smallest town in England to have had a Football League club , and the smallest town to have played in the English top flight .
Early career Sinclair was a juvenile player turned film editor who retained his celebrity in his native New Zealand long after the end of his Hollywood acting career .
Hideo shima ( , born March 7 , 1980 in Gunma , Japan ) is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Albirex Niigata .
Etymology The name '' Johor '' originated from the Arabic word Jauhar , ` gem/precious stone ' .
Saulty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line and tend to take aspects of the natural world as their subject matter , while haiku in English often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of Japanese haiku and may deal with any subject matter . Previously called hokku , haiku was given its current name by the Japanese writer Masaoka Shiki at the end of the 19th century .
homepage = wjactv.com
Convicts are often called prisoners or inmates .
Barcode scanners are relatively low cost and extremely accurate compared to key-entry , with only about 1 substitution error in 15,000 to 36 trillion characters entered .
Wikimedia Commons ( or simply Commons ) is an online repository of free-use images , sound and other media files . It is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation , from which uploaded files can be used across all Wikimedia projects in all languages , including Wikipedia , Wikibooks , Wikisource and Wikinews , or downloaded for offsite use .
It was originally to be titled Urchin , but it was retitled Ender 's Shadow prior to release .
Education Fresh Meadows is home to St. Francis Preparatory School , the largest Catholic high school in the United States .
Verbi a is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,570 people .
The City of Kitchener ( ) is a city in Southern Ontario , Canada .
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
In business management The investment decision ( also known as capital budgeting ) is one of the fundamental decisions of business management : Managers determine the investment value of the assets that a business enterprise has within its control or possession .
Gay Guitarist of the Month
In the 1960s , Geoffrey Chew and Steven Frautschi discovered that the mesons make families called Regge trajectories with masses related to spins in a way that was later understood by Yoichiro Nambu , Holger Bech Nielsen and Leonard Susskind to be the relationship expected from rotating strings .
The nearby Wellington Caves feature the Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock .
More recently , a 29-year-old man in Coos Bay , Oregon , who had been drinking heavily , swallowed a rough-skin newt for a dare ; he died later that day despite hospital treatment .
This could be a single organism , any organization or society , or any electro-mechanical or informational artifact .
It was the first Sun-like star , other than the Sun , found to have a planet orbiting it , a discovery that was announced in 1995 .
Contemporary scholars say that neither of them wrote it .
Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated musical feature film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 2 , 2004 , and was named after the popular country song '' Home on the Range '' .
The Japanese medical community observed that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed .
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was released on 25 October 2004 on the Studio !
Legacy Donkey Kong spawned the sequels Donkey Kong Jr. and Donkey Kong 3 , as well as the spin-off Mario Bros. . .
The capital of the island , Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , is also the largest city and capital of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands .
It contains two links by default : '' Add page to book '' and '' Books help '' .
The Yonge Line of the Toronto subway runs under and in open cuts beside Yonge Street from south of King Street to Finch Avenue .
Thomas Leo '' Tom '' Clancy Jr. ( born April 12 , 1947 ) His Who 's Who entry gives his date of birth as March 12 , 1947 .
In 1940 the headquarters of the Special Operations Executive moved to 64 Baker Street , Marks and Spencer office ; they were often called the '' Baker Street Irregulars '' after Sherlock Holmes ' gang of street urchins of the same name .
Vampires Suck was released on August 18 , 2010 in the United States and Russia , August 26 in Australia and will be released on October 15 in the United Kingdom .
Fallin 's mother and father both served terms as mayor of Tecumseh where she was raised .
It is the fourth largest of Connacht 's 5 counties in size and third largest in terms of population .
The House of Commons is a democratically elected body , consisting of 308 members known as Members of Parliament ( MPs ) .
A woman has a uterus or womb .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 202 ; Color Sample of Puce : Page 37 Plate 7 Color Sample H4 In French , puce literally means '' flea '' , and the usual coloration of a flea is dark reddish-brown or dark purplish-brown ; specifically , it is the color of the belly of a flea .
Over the next two centuries , the use of French grew to the extent that , by the Liberation in 1945 , all islanders had a working knowledge of French .
Most notably , Plante was the first NHL goaltender to wear a goaltender mask in regulation play on a regular basis .
Multimedia support : It is prepackaged with support for MP3 files and video-DVDs .
During that game , Toronto and Boston were tied after regulation time and over 100 minutes of overtime proceeded , with Thompson dueling Toronto 's goaltender Lorne Chabot .
( The ichthyosaur ) converged so strongly on fishes that it actually evolved a dorsal fin and tail in just the right place and with just the right hydrological design .
The last speaker of Tillamook died in 1970 , rendering the language extinct .
The Shahada is the Muslim declaration of belief in the oneness of God and acceptance of Muhammad as his prophet .
Currently , after many studies of the local water flows , almost all the rivers are subject to a canalization process .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
Quantum leap of kimchi According to the Jungbo Sallim geongje ( , 1765 ) , gochujang was made by adding powdered red chili peppers and glutinous rice powder to soybean paste , and aging this paste under the sun .
Science , 309:287 -290 PMID 16002615 Increased aridity during peak glaciation ( about 18,000 years ago ) may have also contributed to the extinction of the megafauna .
French submarine Curie ( Q 87 ) , a French submarine in the First World War
Nitro won the match and became ECW World Champion .
The Dutch Grand Prix ( Grote Prijs van Nederland ) was a Formula One automobile race held at Circuit Zandvoort , from 1952 to 1985 .
The terms weak and strong are relatively recent , while the terms negative and positive atheism are of older origin , having been used ( in slightly different ways ) in the philosophical literature and in Catholic apologetics .
In the United Kingdom , it is illegal for anyone other than a registered farrier to call themselves a farrier or to carry out any farriery work under the Farriers ( Registration ) Act 1975 .
Kitchen spatulas are usually made of plastic or metal , with a wooden or plastic handle to insulate them from heat .
The first tag in a pair is the start tag , the second tag is the end tag ( they are also called opening tags and closing tags ) .
Lor is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1795 , Chula Vista area became a part of a Spanish grazing lands for their cattle and horses known as Rancho del Rey or '' The King 's Ranch . ''
His bust stands upstage centre in the Royal Albert Hall during the whole of each Prom season , and is decorated by a chaplet on the Last Night of the Proms .
The Prime Argument/Asal Tartisma ( E ; T ) .
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder MediaPowerpuff Girls 10th Anniversary Interview With Creator Craig McCracken Cold Hard Flash : Flash Animation News , Videos and Links by animator Craig McCracken .
It was one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss on September 18 , 1978 .
Zeta ( letter ) , the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet
Greta Lovisa Gustafsson ( 18 September 1905 -- 15 April 1990 ) , better known as Greta Garbo , was a noted Swedish actress and recluse .
As of the 2000 census , the CDP population was 10,000 .
The main means of transportation are bicycles ( rented by locals to tourists ) and cidomo ( a small horsedrawn carriage ) .
His mother , an amateur pianist , taught him to play and music formed a part of family life .
Political biography Rau was a member of the All-German People 's Party ( GVP ) , which was founded by Gustav Heinemann .
D. B. Cooper is the name attributed to a man who hijacked a Boeing 727 aircraft in the United States on 24 November 1971 , received US $ 200,000 Adjusted for inflation , $ 200,000 in 1971 has the buying power of over $ 1,000,000 in 2008 .
In 1954 , the municipality was demoted to a provincial city within the Sichuan Province of the People 's Republic of China .
The Administrative Block is linked to the Senior Block , Science Block , Junior Block , CCA Block ( comprising the Hall , Auditorium , Canteen and CCA Hub ) and a bus stop .
Immediate attention is needed at portals listed in and .
The city serves as the county seat of Tulsa County , the most densely populated county in Oklahoma , and extends into Osage , Rogers , and Wagoner counties .
As the water boils , the resulting pressure forces a superheated column of steam and water to the surface through the geyser 's internal plumbing .
; exclude-isl Set to any value this excludes display of the group named Outlying Islands which links to Baker Island , Howland Island , etc./O.
Under Naismith , the team played only three current Big 12 schools : Nebraska ( six times ) , Missouri ( twice ) , and Kansas State ( once ) .
Dolls have been around since the dawn of human civilization , and have been fashioned from a vast array of materials , ranging from stone , clay , wood , bone , cloth and paper , to porcelain , china , rubber and plastic .
The International System of Units ( abbreviated SI from the French Bureau International des Poids et Mesures ) is the modern form of the metric system and is generally a system of units of measurement devised around seven base units and the convenience of the number ten .
Pierluigi Collina ( born 13 February 1960 ) is an Italian former football referee .
Afterwards he led the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra and the San Francisco Symphony ( from 1963 to 1970 ) .
is any illness resulting from the consumption of contaminated food .
She starred in the Las Vegas original cast of the musical '' Avenue Q '' , and spent time starring in the national tour as an understudy for the role of Christmas Eve .
Dupré entered the Paris Conservatoire in 1904 , where he studied with Louis Diémer and Lazare Lévy ( piano ) , Alexandre Guilmant and Louis Vierne ( organ ) , and Charles-Marie Widor ( composition ) .
Montecristo is a small Italian islet , approximately 4.3 kilometers ( 2.3 mi ) across at its widest point , located about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy ; south of Elba and west of Giglio .
This category is for all pages related to the children 's television program Teletubbies .
In 1963 , the U.S. Representative from Duluth , John Blatnik , introduced a bill to observe Leif Erikson Day nationwide .
Although a complete section of oceanic crust has not yet been drilled , geologists have several pieces of evidence that help them understand the ocean floor .
The United States convened a 13-nation conference of the International Opium Commission in 1909 in Shanghai , China in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .
The town lies close to the borders of both Hampshire and Berkshire ; the boundaries intersect on the western edge of the town where all three counties converge .
The use of the SOS signal was first introduced in Germany as part of a set of national radio regulations , effective April 1 , 1905 .
The following is a list of colleges and universities in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The Japanese Grand Prix is a race in the calendar of the FIA Formula One World Championship .
Plover is a city in Pocahontas County , Iowa , United States .
Subtropical Storm Nicole was the first subtropical storm to receive a name using the standard hurricane name list that did not become a tropical cyclone .
As logographic writing systems use a single symbol for an entire word , a syllabary is a set of written symbols that represent ( or approximate ) syllables , which make up words .
She was murdered with her family on July 17 , 1918 by forces of the Bolshevik secret police .
The chimps at Gombe kill and eat as much as one-third of the colobus population in the park each year .
One of their bombs explodes , killing Paco and his confederates and destroying the building , an allusion to the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion that killed three members of the Weather Underground in 1970 .
Jacqueline had a younger sister , Caroline Lee ( known as Lee ) , born in 1933 .
The Mediterranean Sea is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by the Strait of Gibraltar on the west and to the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea , by the Dardanelles and the Bosporus respectively , on the east .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
The interior of the temple contained the cella , which held the statues of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva , and which only the priests were permitted to enter .
In the USA ( and sometimes in Britain ) the season is regarded as beginning at the solstice and ending on the following equinox - in the Northern Hemisphere , depending on the year , this corresponds to the period between 21 or 22 December and 20 or 21 March .
The music video was nominated for two MuchMusic Video Awards in 2003 in the categories of Best international video -- group and People 's Choice : Favorite international group .
She was born in Juniper Hill in north-east Oxfordshire , the eldest of six children of Albert and Emma Timms , a stonemason and nursemaid respectively .
Baltimore Ravens ( -- present )
Vengerov took Israeli citizenship and served brief duty in the Israeli Army .
Since medieval times Jersey , Channel Islands , where the material was first produced , had been an important exporter of knitted goods and the fabric in wool from Jersey became well known . The fabric can be a very stretchy single knitted , usually light-weight , jersey with one flat side and one piled side .
Retrieved October 28 , 2006 Season 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 Buffyguide.com .
The Order of the Thistle , which pertains to Scotland , is the second-most senior in precedence .
Previously , the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 until his succession by Johnson .
The most extreme can attain wind speeds of more than 300 mph ( 480 km\/h ) , stretch more than two miles ( 3 km ) across , and stay on the ground for dozens of miles ( more than 100 km ) .
Suite may also refer to : Suite ( hotel ) , a type of hotel room Suite ( address ) , a kind of address or location in an office building , shopping mall , etc. .
Rembrandt is a city in Buena Vista County , Iowa , United States .
In December 2007 the Associated Press reported on a story concerning the Church of Satan , in which a teenager had sent an e-mail to High Priest Gilmore stating he wanted to '' kill in the name of our unholy lord Satan '' .
A game is won by the first player to have won at least four points in total and at least two points more than the opponent .
Because of this some botany texts now use the term underground stolon to refer to stolons that move under ground .
Halimede is about 62 kilometres in diameter ( assuming an albedo of 0.04 ) .
Jurandir de Freitas ( born 12 November 1940 - 6 March , 1996 ) , nicknamed Jurandir , was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Chipping Ongar is said to be a small market town , and a civil parish called Ongar , in the Epping Forest district of the county of Essex , England .
It falls from an altitude of 5,753 m ( 18,875 ft ) above sea level at its head at Indira Col on the China border down to 3,620 m ( 11,875 ft ) at its terminus .
The campus ' office of public affairs recognizes two official names for the university : '' California State Polytechnic University , Pomona '' and '' Cal Poly Pomona '' . However , '' Cal Poly '' has also been used to refer to Cal Poly Pomona , as both itself and California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo , California were one institution spanning two locations from 1938 to 1966 .
It became a daily in 1821 .
Films based on Premchand 's work Satyajit Ray filmed two of Premchand 's works Sadgati and Shatranj Ke Khiladi .
Read is perhaps best known for his role as George Hazard in the three North and South TV miniseries ( 1985 , 1986 and 1994 ) based on the John Jakes trilogy of novels of the same name , and for his co-starring role in the movie Beaches .
is a Japanese footballer , a midfielder for Leicester City and the Japanese national team .
The Belarusian alphabet is a variant of the Cyrillic alphabet , which was first used for the Old Church Slavonic language .
After a hiatus of five years , Genesis reconvened for the 1991 release of We Ca n't Dance , which was to be Collins 's last studio album with the group .
Zoé ( Little Big Adventure )
The very term liturgy is derived from the Greek leitourgia meaning '' public service '' and is formed by two words : '' laos '' ( people ) and '' urgos '' ( work ) , literally '' work of the people '' .
Breadalbane is also located nearby to the start of the Federal Highway which branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and heads directly towards Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory , and the capital city of Australia where the Commonwealth Federal Parliament sits .
He argues that feelings and emotions are not , as is commonly supposed , features of the individual , but rather responses of the individual to his situation in society .
Nishimura attended Kokushikan University in Setagaya , Tokyo from 1997 to 2000 , winning the All-Japan Prime Minister Cup .
The tracks '' Sheila '' and '' In Spite of Me '' were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey .
The term Midwest has been in common use for over 100 years .
Previously he was elected to Congress in 1916 and 1918 , and again from 1922 through 1930 .
Launched at 18:00 on16 August 2002 , it had been codenamed Network X during the consulation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
Madison , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Thil is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Their sound is heavy metal mixed with blues rock influences , with songs including '' Bad Boy for Love '' , '' Rock 'n' Roll Outlaw '' , '' Nice Boys '' , '' We Ca n't Be Beaten '' and '' Scarred for Life '' .
Bowell thus became the second of just two Canadian Prime Ministers to hold that office while serving in the Senate rather than the House of Commons .
Rij-Rousseau was born in Candé .
Filming began on October 31 , 2005 and the season premiered on February 2 , 2006 on CBS .
The authorship is attributed either to the Apostle John , son of Zebedee or to John of Patmos .
Digital circuits are a common form of ASIC , but an analog circuits were manufactured beginning in the latter half of the 1990s .
In 1890 Godwin Smith published the Life of Jane Austen , initiating a '' fresh phase in the critical heritage '' , in which Austen reviewers became critics .
However , by 1862 this had been changed in the libretto to the name Beckmesser .
Cercis canadensis L. ( Eastern Redbud ) is a large shrub or small tree native to eastern North America from Southern Ontario , Canada south to northern Florida , United States .
The Soviet government administered northern part of Korea , above 38th Parallel , and the U.S. military administered souther part of Korea , below the 38th Parallel .
Apposition eyes work by gathering a number of images , one from each eye , and combining them in the brain , with each eye typically contributing a single point of information .
Intercity transportation includes a Via Rail train station and a Greyhound Lines of Canada intercity bus depot .
Xenophon Xenophon , writing in the fourth century BC makes a passing reference to division of labour in his ` Cyropaedia ' ( aka Education of Cyrus ) .
Brett has also continued to raise money for ALS ( amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ) , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease .
On March 2 , 1899 , President William McKinley established Mount Rainier National Park as America 's fifth national park .
After moving to the United States Rihanna was introduced to various styles of musical genres although did n't get the chance to experiment with other types of music on her debut album .
The British Rail Class 57 diesel locomotives were introduced by Brush Traction between 1997-2004 .
The High Court of Australia is the highest court in the Australian court hierarchy and the final court of appeal in Australia .
Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss ( The Boss ) , ( 16 August 1929 in Essen -- 14 August 2003 ) was a German football player .
The Miserable Mill is the fourth novel in the book series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket .
Because of its German ownership , the hall was seized as enemy property during World War I/O. The hall with over 130 pianos was sold at an auction to Debenhams for a fraction of its value and was re-opened as Wigmore Hall in 1917 .
The cubic metre ( US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 ) is the SI derived unit of volume .
Autopsies are either performed for legal or medical purposes .
Near to Anchorage , they are a popular destination for outdoor activities .
Carlos Eduardo Marangon , best known as Edu Marangon or as Edu ( born 2 February 1963 ) is a retired Brazilian football player and manager .
In foods , xanthan gum is most often found in salad dressings and sauces .
Sara Rue was born Sara Schlackman in New York City , the daughter of Joan Schlackman ( née Rue ) , a municipal employee and former actress , and Marc Schlackman , a stage manager .
The king comes back in at this moment and thinks Haman is assaulting the queen ; this makes him angrier than before and he orders Haman hanged on the gallows that Haman had prepared for Mordechai .
Bancigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Norwood is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Nitride compounds often have large band gaps , thus nitrides are usually insulators , examples include boron nitride and silicon nitride .
' , a novel by Alasdair Gray
It is the inaugural game in Sega 's flagship Sonic the Hedgehog video game series , and was the first title developed by Sonic Team .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
In Welsh , lol means '' nonsense '' - e.g. , if a person wanted to say '' utter nonsense '' in Welsh , they would say '' rwtsh lol '' .
In this company milieu King Louie eventually came into being , given life through the voice and personality of popular performer Louis Prima .
Jeffrey Scott '' Jeff '' Buckley ( November 17 , 1966 - May 29 , 1997 ) , raised as Scotty Moorhead , was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Van Buren was also the only President who spoke English as a second language .
Yuki Takita ( born May 16 , 1967 in Saitama , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player .
The Meridian Speedway lies within city limits directly south of Old Town Meridian .
The Ares V was designed to have a payload capacity of over 414,000 lb ( 188 metric tons ) to Low Earth orbit ( LEO ) , and 157,000 lb ( 71 metric tons ) to the Moon .
The valley extends for approximately 45 miles ( 72 km ) in Riverside County southeast from the San Bernardino Mountains to the saltwater Salton Sea , the largest lake in California .
She won as many as 25 medals , among which 11 team gold medals and 9 individual gold medals . At the olympiad of Dubai 1986 she won all the ten games she played .
Charente-Maritime is a department on the west coast of France named after the Charente River .
This alliance installed the main elements of the French welfare state and the Fourth Republic , but it did not survive the Cold War .
She met George Herbert Walker Bush , a student at Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts at age 16 during a dance over Christmas vacation .
On May 27 , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) began issuing Tropical Weather Outlooks for the low while it was located about 120 miles ( 195 kilometers ) south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
About 360,000 died from all causes ; some 280,000 were wounded .
For the second consecutive year , WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history , as well as for the Citrus Bowl , grossing US$ 5.85 million in ticket sales .
Etymology of rose The first recorded use of rose as a color name in English was in 1382 .
As always her travels led to books : China 's Millions ( 1928 ) , Red Star in Samarkand ( 1929 ) .
January 27 -- Constance of Sicily marries Henry ( the future Henry VI , Holy Roman Emperor ) .
The highest peak is Jbel Toubkal , with an elevation of in southwestern Morocco .
Mount Athos is a mountain and peninsula in Macedonia , Greece .
With over 602,000 residents Milwaukee proper is the 22nd-largest city in the country .
This design was very influential for racing engines as it featured for the first time dual overhead camshafts ( DOHC ) and four valves per cylinder , a layout that would become the standard until today for racing inline-four engines .
Some countries have laws to punish blasphemy , See Blasphemy law .
Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy ( GCCF ) in Great Britain in 1966 and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of geneticist Pat Turner .
The former national airline of Jamaica operated scheduled services from Kingston and Montego Bay to 13 destinations in the Caribbean , Canada , the United States .
An actor or actress ( see terminology ) is a person who acts in a dramatic production and who works in film , television , theatre , or radio in that capacity .
They grow very quickly , at more than a metre a year , and can reach 65 metres in 50 years , with an average life-span of 400 years .
Most of the tract , also called Shaksgam , is composed of the Shaksgam Valley . Most of the tract was administered as a part of Shigar , a valley in the Baltistan region .
'' Thick Woods '' ) is one of the states of Brazil , the third largest in area , located in the western part of the country .
It is named in honor of the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta ( 1745 1827 ) , who invented the voltaic pile , possibly the first chemical battery ( see Baghdad Battery ) .
Fruitland is a city in Muscatine County , Iowa , United States .
The book includes a field guide to help people identify the common animals and plants on the reef .
Stowe 's puritanical religious beliefs show up in the novel 's final , over-arching theme -- the exploration of the nature of Christianity and how she feels Christian theology is fundamentally incompatible with slavery .
Central Arizona College , Coolidge
On Rotten Tomatoes , the general consensus is '' This inferior rehash of The Jungle Book should have gone straight to video . ''
In 1844 Fontane enlisted in the Prussian army and set out on the first of numerous journeys to England which fostered his interest in Old English ballads , a form he began to imitate .
Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson , the third president of the United States .
He was deified by the Roman Senate and succeeded by his younger brother Domitian .
Strike may refer to :
Initially , there was a debate as to whether the capital of newly-formed Aomori Prefecture should be at Hachinohe or Hirosaki ; however , due to strong rivalry between the former Nanbu domain and former Tsugaru Domain , the Meiji government decided to build a new town called Aomori is a central location , and to designate it as the capital of the prefecture .
Thiruvananthapuram also provides a key link in the movement of goods and passengers to and from southern parts of Tamilnadu into Kerala , the state border being just 30 km away from the city center .
Cazalis is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Village is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
The 1978 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1978 , and lasted until November 30 , 1978 .
Monophysitism ( from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' ) , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
Opus Dei is Latin for '' Work of God '' , hence the organization is often referred to by members and supporters as '' the Work '' .
Southwestern College , Phoenix
The five districts had formed the division of Karachi which was abolished .
NGC Asia has six different channels feeds .
Harrow School , commonly known simply as '' Harrow '' , is an English independent school for boys situated in the town of Harrow , in north-west London .
The techniques used for navigation in the air will depend on whether the aircraft is flying under the visual flight rules ( VFR ) or the instrument flight rules ( IFR ) .
The Handloom and Powerloom products such as Cotton Sarees , Bed Spreads , Carpets , Lungies , Printed Fabrics , Towels , Dhotis are marketed here in bulk .
The Africanis is a group of South African dogs not recognized as a breed .
Wokingham is a market town and civil parish in Berkshire in South East England about 33 m west of central London .
Eleanora Luisa Gonzaga ( 13 November 1686 -- 16 March 1741 ) was the Duchess of Rovere and Montefeltro as the wife of Francesco Maria de ' Medici .
May 7 & ndash ; Fourteen-year-old Marie Antoinette arrives at the French court .
In 1838 he herded cattle overland from Sydney to Adelaide , on the way proving that the Hume and the Murray were the same river .
For the 2009 album by Thrice , see Beggars ( album )
Pareto efficiency , or Pareto optimality , is a concept in economics with applications in engineering and social sciences . The term is named after Vilfredo Pareto , an Italian economist who used the concept in his studies of economic efficiency and income distribution .
The National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) did not officially name the storm until the next day , shortly before Vince became a hurricane .
Boy Friend , a 1961 Indian film starring Shammi Kapoor
In 1877 , Woods stopped teaching and was appointed the county clerk for the Tuapeka County Council .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a request for adminship that did not succeed .
The Indus bounds it on the north-west , dividing it from the North-West Frontier Province , while the Haro flows through from east to west .
Porcupines are rodents with a coat of sharp spines , or quills , that defend or camouflages them from predators .
The Australian Parliament is bicameral , consisting of the Queen , a 76-member Senate and a 150-member House of Representatives .
It was initially thought that Abu Dhabi United Group is a part of Abu Dhabi Investment Authority , a sovereign wealth fund owned by Abu Dhabi .
In April 1935 , Plath 's brother Warren was born .
Some of these adjustments include the creation of the Winter Games for ice and snow sports , the Paralympic Games for athletes with physical disabilities , and the Youth Olympic Games for teenage athletes .
is often quoted by Japanese people about the cherry-blossoms-watching custom of hanami .
Real tennis is still played by enthusiasts or '' realists '' on 47 or some say 49 existing courts in the United Kingdom , Australia , the United States , and France .
Riefenstahl 's prominence in the Third Reich along with her personal friendship with Adolf Hitler thwarted her film career following Germany 's defeat in World War II , after which she was arrested but released without any charges .
The name is an acronym formed from the initial Hebrew letters of the Masoretic Text 's three traditional subdivisions : The Torah ( '' Teaching '' , also known as the Five Books of Moses ) , Nevi'im ( '' Prophets '' ) and Ketuvim ( '' Writings '' ) -- hence TaNaKh .
From 1826 to 1918 , the region was part of the small duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha ( see Thuringia ) .
Listed in order of their appearance in the New Testament , the General Epistles are :
The , or , is a division of Japanese history running from 1603 to 1868 and is the premodern era .
He has given a talk for Duke University 's Program in Genetics and Genomics as part of their Distinguished Lecturer Series .
Unsafe abortion is a major cause of injury and death among women worldwide .
The airport was renamed John F. Kennedy International Airport in 1963 , one month after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
Unity and justice and freedom Are the pledge of fortune ; Flourish in this fortune 's blessing , Flourish , German fatherland .
Other remains originally attributed to Stegosaurus are now considered to belong to different genera . This is the case for Stegosaurus marshi , which was described by Lucas in 1901 .
Version of 2003-JAN-17 .
July - Sergius II becomes Patriarch of Constantinople Robert II , King of France marries for the third time , with Constance Taillefer d'Arles .
She studied piano with her mother at home , composing short works of her own and then began studying at the Paris Conservatory where she met Louis Durey , Francis Poulenc , Darius Milhaud , Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger .
It is black with yellow spots or stripes to a varying degree ; some specimens can be nearly completely black while on others the yellow is dominant .
The neutral point of view policy espoused in Wikinews distinguishes it from other citizen journalism efforts such as Indymedia and OhmyNews .
Carrie Marie Underwood ( born March 10 , 1983 ) is an American country singer-songwriter and actress who rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of American Idol , in 2005 .
Mainstream scholars of the Holocaust consider the idea that the Nazis manufactured soap on an industrial scale to be part of WWII folklore .
Aire-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
There is also a running club that meet at the Burgess Hill School for Girls every Wednesday evening .
Anochetus goodmani has been discovered and described by Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. in 2008Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. , 2008 , A revision of Malagasy species of Anochetus Mayr and Odontomachus Latreille ( Hymenoptera : Formicidae ) .
The Disneyland Resort Line , previously known as Penny 's Bay Rail Link , provides service to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort which was opened on 12 September 2005 .
In 1930 Wilf Batty , a farmer , killed the last known wild Thylacine in Mawbanna , in the northeast of the state .
Production The film 's original title was going to be Lilo & Stitch : A New Ohana .
The last stable release of Linspire was version 6.0 , which was released in October 2007 .
However , the aardvark is not closely related to the pig ; rather , it is the sole recent representative of the obscure mammalian order Tubulidentata , in which it is usually considered to form a single variable species of the genus Orycteropus , the sole surviving genus in the family Orycteropodidae .
Gary Doherty ( born 31 January 1980 , County Donegal , Republic of Ireland ) is a footballer who plays for Charlton Athletic .
Windows Millennium Edition , or Windows Me ( pronounced as an abbreviation , ) , is a graphical operating system released on September 14 , 2000 by Microsoft , and was the last operating system released in the Windows 9x series .
The London Gazette is the official newspaper of the British government for England and Wales in which all official notices are published .
On January 1 , 2006 Villers-la-Ville had a total population of 9,572 .
The first release from the album was '' Vegas '' on limited edition vinyl and the first charted single released from the album was '' Acceptable in the 80s '' , a tribute to the style and culture of the decade .
In 1915 , Robert Innes , Director of the Union Observatory in Johannesburg , South Africa , discovered a star that had the same proper motion as Alpha Centauri . He suggested it be named Proxima Centauri .
His father was an aircraft parts inspector , and his mother was an employee of a telephone company .
, as well as a children 's picture book , Lu and the Swamp Ghost , with co-author Patricia McKissack and illustrator David Catrow .
Lucca also hosts the annual Lucca Comics and Games festival , Italy 's largest festival for comics and related subjects .
Oklahoma had 549 incorporated places in 2006 , including three cities over 100,000 in population and 40 over 10,000 .
BMI is used by governments today even though it came about 150 years ago .
Throughout the series Bebop crew members ' pasts catch up with them , and the series regularly turns to the history of the main characters in flashbacks .
School library The school library has over 20000 books available to students .
Ilisagvik College , Barrow
Vojvodina has six official languages , and there are more than 26 ethnic groups in the region .
Abstractions may be formed by reducing the information content of a concept or an observable phenomenon , typically to retain only information which is relevant for a particular purpose .
Brescia Calcio is a football club based in Brescia , Italy .
After reconvening to record the Abbey Road album , The Beatles began recording Maxwell 's Silver Hammer at Abbey Road Studios on 9 July 1969 .
He was the tenth and last President of Czechoslovakia ( 1989 - 92 ) and the first President of the Czech Republic ( 1993 - 2003 ) .
Tibor made expeditions across the whole of south America , Asia and Africa .
When Matilda 's father abdicated and retired to a monastery the same year , this was joined with Boulogne and the similarly large English honor Matilda inherited . On Eustace III 's death , Matilda and her husband became joint rulers of Boulogne .
In organic chemistry , acetyl is a functional group , the acyl with chemical formula COCH3 .
In the same year , Italy 's share in dollar value of table wine imports into the U.S. was 32 % , Australia 's was 24 % , and France 's was 20 % .
Coe was awarded with the first Prince of Asturias Award in sports category in 1987 .
A young English clerk is dealing with a crowd of hotel guests , all urgently trying to leave Venice .
There was a series of Benedictine archbishops , including Saint Oswald , Wulfstan , and Ealdred , who traveled to Westminster to crown William in 1066 .
Attached to the mosque are two flags , taken to stand for flags of Afghanistan .
Quinine also played a significant role in the colonization of Africa by Europeans .
Lance Edward Armstrong ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 ) is an American former professional road racing cyclist who is best known for winning the Tour de France a record seven consecutive times , after having survived testicular cancer .
As the harpsichord evolved into the fortepiano , and in the end to the modern piano , the increased volume and the richer sound of the new instrument allowed the keyboard instrument to better compete with a full orchestra .
Hotonnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Neuville-sur-Ailette is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
WordGirl is an American children 's animated television series , produced by the Soup2Nuts animation unit of Scholastic Entertainment for PBS Kids .
In May 2004 she performed as part of '' The Big Session '' and sang an adaptation of Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band .
Fontaine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The critics contend that Antruz dialect is unintelligible to most Goans , let alone other Konkanis , and that Devanagari is used very little as compared to Roman script in Goa or Kannada script in coastal Karnataka Prominent among the critics are Konkani Catholics in Goa , who have been at the forefront of the Konkani agitation in 1986 - 87 and have for long used the Roman script including producing literature in Roman script .
West utilized the sounds created by the 808 and manipulated its pitch to produce a distorted , electronic sound , an effect he referred to as '' heartbreak '' .
When sorrows like sea billows roll ;
The Dominicans , another mendicant order founded during the same period but by St. Dominic in Toulouse and Bologna , were particularly influential in the building of Italy 's Gothic churches .
They released their debut album , Swan Songs , on September 2 , 2008 , and their live CD\/DVD Desperate Measures , on November 10 , 2009 .
PART IV -- THE END
Evidence at Ugarit shows that the destruction there occurred after the reign of Merenptah , and even the fall of Chancellor Bay .
He suggests that millions of species , and humanity itself , are threatened .
Paul Maurice Kelly Note : requires user to input song title e.g. TO HER DOOR ( born 13 January 1955 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter , guitarist and harmonica player .
The once thriving Jewish community has been in slow decline since the mid 20th century .
Caldwell County is part of the Hickory & ndash ; Lenoir & ndash ; Morganton Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Its population of 18,520 ( 2006 CensusCensus 2006 - Table 14A - Towns 10,000 population and over ) makes it the second largest town in Kildare and the seventeenth largest in the Republic of Ireland .
During the peak of the age of sail , beginning in the early 17th century , it has been customary ( and later a legal requirement ) for ships to carry flags designating their nationality ; Articles 90 -- 94 of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea these flags eventually evolved into the national flags and maritime flags of today .
Shenzhen 's novel and modern cityscape is the result of the vibrant economy made possible by rapid foreign investment since the late 1970s , when it was a small fishing village .
During the peak of the age of sail , beginning in the early 17th century , it has been customary ( and later a legal requirement ) for ships to carry flags designating their nationality ; Articles 90 -- 94 of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea these flags eventually evolved into the national flags and maritime flags of today .
Jasper , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
SDS developed from the Student League for Industrial Democracy ( SLID ) , the youth branch of a socialist educational organization known as the League for Industrial Democracy ( LID ) .
After the adults come out of winter dormancy , they migrate to their spawning pools .
Rage formed in 1984 under the name , Avenger .
Sweden .
The New Year 's Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic ( in German : Das Neujahrskonzert der Wiener Philharmoniker ) is a concert of classical music that takes place each year in the morning of January 1 in Vienna , Austria .
Originally called the '' Magic Cube '' , ` Driven mad ' Rubik 's nut weeps on solving cube ... after 26 years of trying , Daily Mail Reporter , January 12 , 2009 .
However , Kelly has said , '' Song writing is mysterious to me .
Mars has two small moons , Phobos and Deimos , which are thought to be captured asteroids .
Guido d'Arezzo , the most notable music theorist of the Middle Ages and inventor of modern music notation , was born there around the year 991 .
Late on August 13 , it was '' beginning to look like Irene-junior as it undergoes southwesterly mid-level shear beneath the otherwise favorable upper-level outflow pattern '' .
He lives in Chiswick , London , UK .
In the end , the only answer Iznogoud gets is the solution to the equation . As in every Iznogoud story , Iznogoud is ultimately unsuccessful , and the Caliph continues his reign .
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens , but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation , for example gamma rays and alpha particles , which they emit .
The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles ( or parallels ) of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .
'' The Frieze of Life '' themes recur throughout Munch 's work but find their strongest outpouring in the mid-1890s .
Saint-Ferme is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In the year 1800 Ireland joined up with Great Britain and they all were then called The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
The spiny mice , Acomys spp .
The album , contains 11 cover songs which Wynonna states '' are a real cross-section of all the different genres I grew up with .
Lotus is a genus that includes bird 's - foot trefoils and deervetches and contains many dozens of species distributed world-wide .
Lassus died in Munich on 14 June 1594 , the same day that his employer decided to dismiss him for economic reasons ; he never saw the letter .
Roads have long been built , and more recently railways , through passes .
Neo-druidism or neo-druidry ( referred to simply as Druidry by some adherents ) is a form of modern spirituality or religion that generally promotes harmony and worship of nature , and respect for all beings , including the environment .
The amount of energy needed to digest cooked meat is less than raw meat , and cooking gelatinizes collagen and other connective tissues as well , '' opens up tightly woven carbohydrate molecules for easier absorption . ''
It inhabited subtropical open woodlands in Australia during the Late Miocene and may have been carnivorous .
By 1947 Theremin had remarried , to Maria Guschina , his third wife , and they had two children : Lena and Natalia .
Disney Studios began production of a sequel , The Aristocats II , in December 2005 , set to release in 2007 , but production was canceled in early 2006 .
Massaging the dog 's throat or covering its nose in order to make it breathe through its mouth can often shorten episodes .
The current president of the University , Stephen Jones , is the great-grandson of the founder and the fourth member of the Jones family to serve as president .
As of the 2000 United States Census , the village had a total population of 772 .
Once this work was completed , the interior rooms were rebuilt .
Today 's Madison Square Garden is more than just the arena .
The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War , having fought on the losing side .
As of 2009 , Rise Against has released five studio albums , two EPs , and one DVD .
Following his retirement , Edwards pursued a media career as a television presenter mainly working for the BBC as a sports commentator and on programs such as Songs of Praise until he gave up this program , due to his loss of faith , in February 2007 .
Instead of calling the person who made the edits a '' vandal '' , discuss your concerns with them .
In the summer of 1868 , Grieg wrote his Piano Concerto in A minor while on holiday in Denmark .
Edwin Uehara ( born 21 July 1969 ) is a former Peruvian-Japanese footballer .
Famously , Dante had by this time fallen in love with another , Beatrice Portinari ( known also as Bice ) , whom he first met when he was nine years old .
Different musical notes are made in seclusion , rather than in a linear sequence , giving a sound texture similar to pointillism .
Six of the twelve founding members were never relegated from the Prva HNL - Dinamo Zagreb , Hajduk Split , Osijek , Rijeka , Vara din and NK Zagreb .
The group included Tim Staffell as singer and bassist , and , later , drummer Roger Taylor , who also went on to play for Queen .
Brand New Eyes is the third album by American Alternative rock band Paramore , released September 29 , 2009 through Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
The practice has much earlier roots , however , being attested as far back as the Code of Hammurabi and the Code of Ur-Nammu , and also in animist tribal societies , such as the trial by ingestion of '' red water '' ( calabar bean ) in Sierra Leone , where the intended effect is magical rather than invocation of a deity 's justice .
During this time he sold millions of albums through an exclusive distribution deal with Wal-Mart and has sporadically released new singles .
It is a nocturnal creature and spends most of its waking hours among the branches of trees looking for food .
Deming was also instrumental in introducing SPC methods to Japanese industry after the war had ended .
In Japan , the Princess 's name has always been Peach .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Michael Tilson Thomas ( born December 21 , 1944 ) is an American conductor , pianist and composer .
In Brooklyn , New York , the '' Annual Sakura Matsuri Cherry Blossom Festival '' takes place in May , at Brooklyn Botanic Garden .
The urban fashion brand name Evisu is named after Ebisu .
A year later he declares himself as Emperor Napoleon III , ending the Second Republic .
Hopkin was educated at Barry Grammar School and St John 's College , Cambridge , where he was a student of John Maynard Keynes .
The four Gospels included in the New Testament have little to say about Mary Magdalene .
Year 36 ( XXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Fluorine-containing compounds range from potent toxins such as sarin to life-saving pharmaceuticals such as efavirenz , and from inert materials such as calcium fluoride to the highly reactive sulfur tetrafluoride .
Fra Angelico ( c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) , born Guido di Pietro , was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having '' a rare and perfect talent '' .
Year 1434 ( MCDXXXIV ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The family includes over 435 languages ; Burmese has the most speakers ( over 32 million ) , assuming the exclusion of Chinese .
In 1744 , coincident with the death of Anders Celsius , the Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus ( 1707 - 1778 ) reversed Celsius 's scale upon receipt of his first thermometer featuring a scale where zero represented the melting point of ice and 100 represented the boiling point .
Fearne Cotton ( born 3 September 1981 ) is an English television and radio presenter who is known for presenting a number of popular TV programs such as Top of the Pops and the Red Nose Day telethon .
According to McCartney , on the night of the session an unusual man appeared at the gate of McCartney 's home and identified himself as Jesus Christ .
A language is a system of signs ( symbols , indices , icons ) for encoding and decoding information .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
The only other significant storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena , which passed just to the south of Hawaii , the first storm to directly threaten Hawaii for several years .
Many foreigners moved to Livorno ; Armenians , Dutch , English , Greeks and Jews were among those who relocated to live and trade .
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ( Dutch : Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij , literally Royal Aviation Company ; usual English translation : Royal Dutch Airlines ) is the national airline of the Netherlands and is part of Air France-KLM .
Mobile is the principal municipality of the Mobile Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) , a region of 411,721 residents which is composed solely of Mobile County and is the second largest MSA in the state .
Found exclusively in fresh water , these mostly nocturnal fishes are capable of producing electric fields for navigation , communication , and , in the case of the electric eel ( Electrophorus electricus ) , attack and defense .
The same system is available in 37 mm size for law enforcement agencies .
Kelly Michelle Lee Osbourne ( born 27 October 1984 ) is an English media personality , fashion designer , singer , actress , and model , best known for being the daughter of Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne .
Without warning , their rope breaks .
Neuroscience Letters 283:49 -- 52 Ashwell , K.W.S. , Hardman , C.D. , and Paxinos , G. 2004 .
, Newton , North Carolina , United States
Section 122 allows the Parliament to provide for the representation in Parliament of any territory surrendered by the States , or placed by the Queen in the authority of the Commonwealth .
Microsoft Office for Mac 2011 was released on October 26 , 2010 , and features a Mac version of Outlook to replace the Entourage email client . This Mac version of Outlook is intended to make the Mac version of Office work better with Microsoft 's Exchange server and with those using Office for Windows .
He won the Tour de France in 1978 , 1979 , 1981 , 1982 and 1985 .
A deep sea octopus that has been nicknamed Dumbo ( Grimpoteuthis )
The link between the Swanage Railway and the main line at Wareham has been used for materials deliveries , special excursions , locomotive and stock movements only- work is continuing to provide the infrastructure necessary to enable regular services via Wareham to be implemented .
Shogi , also known as Japanese chess , is a two-player board game in the same family as Western chess , chaturanga , and Chinese Xiangqi , and is the most popular of a family of chess variants native to Japan .
The sport is now known as Japanese Kickboxing and most recently K1 Rules or Oriental Rules to differ from other combat sports that also adopted the name of '' Kickboxing '' .
Castres is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Montfiquet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Each player uses a racket that is strung to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over a net into the opponent 's court . Tennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society at all ages .
Kirby , Ontario
The study of postage stamps and their use is referred to as philately .
She teaches at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and became the Artistic Director of Spitalfields Festival in London in 2006 , taking over from Jonathan Dove .
The Wigmore Hall also publishes on its own record label Wigmore Hall Live recordings of concerts by prominent artists .
in Japan , is a video game developed and published by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Pronounced '' not a zoo , '' the word emphasized that the park was more than animal displays found in a typical city zoo .
K stutis , the Grand Duke of Lithuania , is taken prisoner by former Grand Duke Jogaila whilst meeting him to hold negotiations .
Hernando de Soto was born to parents who were hidalgos of modest means in Extremadura , a region of poverty and hardship from which many young people looked for ways to seek their fortune elsewhere .
Upon completion , the airport will have 2 passenger terminals , 4 satellite concourses , 128 gates , and 4 parallel runways .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Sericulture has been practiced for at least 5,000 years in China , Korea , and Japan .
Disturbed at his son 's participation in what he considered a '' useless '' endeavor , Landis 's father tried to discourage him from racing his bike by giving him extra chores .
July & ndash ; Mary de Ferrers is ordered to surrender land and Liverpool Castle to Edmund , second son of Henry III .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
From 1870 to 1874 Gounod lived in England , becoming the first conductor of what is now the Royal Choral Society .
Magnetic tape is a medium for magnetic recording generally consisting of a thin magnetizable coating on a long and narrow strip of plastic .
The Boys ( UK band ) , a punk rock band
Complex organisms became gradually more common in the millions of years immediately preceding the Cambrian , but it was n't until this period that mineralised -- hence readily fossilised -- organisms became common .
As Speaker of the House , Pelosi is second in the line of presidential succession , following Vice President Joe Biden , which makes her the highest-ranking female politician in United States history .
Three Days Grace , which was originally called Groundswell , was a post-grunge band that formed in 1992 in Norwood , Ontario .
In quantum mechanics , the double-slit experiment ( often referred to as Young 's experiment ) demonstrates the inseparability of the wave and particle natures of light and other quantum particles .
The Lachlan River was substantially explored by John Oxley in 1817 .
Bloomington is a city in McLean County , Illinois , United States and the county seat .
One species of land snail , the Giant African Snail , can grow to be 15 i from snout to tail , and weigh 1 k/O. The largest living species of sea snail is Syrinx aruanus which has a shell that can measure up to 90 c in length , and the whole animal with the shell can weigh up to 18 k.
'' Golden Balls - UKGameshows '' , UKGameshows.com Twelve of these balls are randomly drawn from the machine and four '' Killer '' balls are added by Amanda Grant , the '' Balls Assistant '' .
The city is home to several attractions : the Hudson River Museum , the Sherwood House , Cross County Shopping Center , Yonkers Raceway , a harness racing track that has renovated its grounds and clubhouse and added legalized video slot machine gambling in 2006 in a '' racino '' called Empire City .
Saint-Pierremont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Known as '' Japanese horseradish '' , its root is used as a spice and has an extremely strong flavour .
Calcio Como s.r.i. are an Italian football club , based in Como .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
They also possess movable quadrate bones , making it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase .
Omaroseonee Manigault-Stallworth ( born February 15 , 1974 ) , usually known simply as Omarosa , is a two-time participant on Donald Trump 's television reality show The Apprentice .
A firework is a low explosive pyrotechnic device used primarily for aesthetic and entertainment purposes .
Hirotsugu Nakabayashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
Second , the study of the academic tools , methods and approaches that have been and are being used , including the historical method .
Le Gué - de-Velluire is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Rezovski Creek ( 're - zov-ski po - ` tok ) is a melt-water stream located on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
As such , the term gained popularity within neoliberal or free-market economics as a description of processes such as downsizing in order to increase the efficiency and dynamism of a company .
Harcourt is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Dactyl , being only 1.4 k in diameter , is about one-twentieth the size of Ida .
Lost City ( hydrothermal field ) , a field of hydrothermal vents in the Atlantic Ocean
The character , created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , is voiced by Dante Basco and is portrayed by Dev Patel in the 2010 film The Last Airbender by M. Night Shyamalan .
Traction motor refers to an electric motor providing the primary rotational torque of a machine , usually for conversion into linear motion ( traction ) .
In 2002 , the Mirror changed its masthead logo from red to black , in an attempt to dissociate itself from the term '' red top '' , a term for a sensationalist mass-market tabloid .
Training Day is a 2001 police drama film directed by Antoine Fuqua , written by David Ayer and starring Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke .
During the presidential election campaign , the major-party candidates ran on a platform of change and reform in Washington .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
Ambulocetus ( or the '' ` walking whale ' '' ) was an early cetacean that could walk as well as swim .
Humberside ( and its county council ) was abolished on 1 April 1996 and Hull was made a unitary authority area .
Chick Webb died on June 16 , 1939 , and his band was renamed '' Ella Fitzgerald and her Famous Orchestra '' with Ella taking on the role of bandleader .
Sucevi a is a commune in Suceava County , Romania .
Wade then led the Golden Eagles to the Final Four , the school 's first appearance in the Final Four since winning the 1977 national championship .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
By the early 1590s , he was convinced that Scottish witches were plotting against him .
Poland would be briefly resurrected- if in a smaller frame- in 1807 , when Napoleon set up the Duchy of Warsaw . After his defeat and the implementation of the Congress of Vienna treaty in 1815 , the Russian-dominated Congress Kingdom of Poland was created in its place .
Keratins are also found in the gastrointestinal tracts of many animals , including roundworms ( which also have an outer layer made of keratin ) .
Or , alternately , she killed Lamia 's children and the grief turned her into a monster .
Balloons can sometimes be modeled to form shapes of animals .
Keeler discovered two asteroids , one in 1899 and one in 1900 , although the second was lost and only recovered about 100 years later .
The twenty-ninth novel in her series , The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers was released in hardcover by the Penguin Group in January 2007 .
Linkin Park helped raise money to benefit victims of Hurricane Charley in 2004 and later hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Nonthaburi ( ) is one of the central provinces ( changwat ) of Thailand .
For a general article on the state , see State ( polity ) .
The earliest known sauropodomorph , Saturnalia , was small and slender ( 1.5 metres , or 5 feet long ) , but by the end of the Triassic they were the largest dinosaurs of their time , and in the Jurassic\/Cretaceous they kept on growing .
The novelty is that bees are specialized as pollination agents , with behavioral and physical modifications that specifically enhance pollination , and are generally more efficient at the task than any other pollinating insect such as beetles , flies , butterflies and pollen wasps .
Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere , in Asia ( where the greatest species diversity is found ) , Europe and eastern North America ; they are not native to western North America .
At he age of 11 his family moved to Sydney and he attended Newington College ( 1950-1955 ) , commencing as a preparatory school student in Wyvern House .
The Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa lies immediately to the east .
Bruno Conti ( born 13 March 1955 in Nettuno , province of Rome ) is an Italian ex-football player and former coach of the Serie A club Roma from 14 March 2005 to 30 June 2005 .
He won the Thorvaldsen Medal ion 1963 .
The simplest '' eyes '' , such as those in unicellular organisms , do nothing but detect whether the surroundings are light or dark , which is sufficient for the entrainment of circadian rhythms .
The houses had no back doors and the inhabitants could not go out without climbing down from their roofs .
Entrance to the bunker was obtained through a concrete passageway which was well screened by a grassy slope ; a stairway led to a virtual maze of corridors and hallways leading to various sections .
Asparagus officinalis is a spring vegetable , a flowering perennial plant species in the genus Asparagus .
The Canadian Women 's Hockey League ( CWHL ) is one of two major women 's ice hockey leagues in Canada . The league was founded in 2007 .
It was originally scored for a chamber group of flute\/piccolo , clarinet ( B flat and C ) , two pianos , glass harmonica , xylophone , two violins , viola , cello and double bass , but is usually performed today with a full orchestra of strings , and with a glockenspiel substituting for the rare glass harmonica .
It was canceled in May 1984 , but NBC would continue to air reruns until September 1985 .
The Common Desktop Environment ( CDE ) is a desktop environment for Unix and OpenVMS , based on the Motif widget toolkit .
The Great Seal of the State of Vermont is the official seal of the U.S. state of Vermont , used to emboss and authenticate official documents .
Americans of Finnish origin yield at 800,000 individuals , though only 39,770 speak the language at home .
The college 's name was subsequently changed to Utah State Agricultural College and became the Utah State University of Agriculture and Applied Science in 1957 .
Melky Astacio Cabrera ( born August 11 , 1984 , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is an outfielder for the Atlanta Braves , a Major League Baseball team .
This disease can be contracted by kissing or having oral sex .
Flamenco pa tos is a Festival of Flamenco organisated by Gomaespuma Foundation .
Premature infants are at greater risk for short and long term complications , including disabilities and impediments in growth and mental development .
There is a huge statue erected in honor of all the Netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 .
Hampden has hosted prestigious sporting events , including three Champions League finals and a UEFA Cup final .
Wadi Halfa ( ) is a town in the northern Sudanese state of Northern on the shores of Lake Nubia ( the Sudanese section of Lake Nasser ) .
The Let It Be film included a scene in which George Harrison is shown helping Ringo Starr work the song out on piano .
The Japanese Paleolithic age covers a period starting from around 100,000 to 30,000 BC , when the earliest stone tool implements have been found , and ending around 12,000 BC , at the end of the last ice age , corresponding with the beginning of the Mesolithic J mon period .
Females are smaller than males and are blue-grey with a brown tinge , pale gray below , although arid zone females are colored more like males .
Later rock paintings and engravings showing hippos being hunted have been found in the mountains of the central Sahara dated 4,000 - 5,000 years ago near Djanet in the Tassili n ` Ajjer Mountains .
Tribe incertae sedis
Upon Vezina 's death , the trophy was donated to the League by the Canadiens former owners , Leo Dandurand , Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich .
Northlake '' The City of Friendly People '' is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
His father held various jobs , and his mother was a nurse .
Montezuma 's Cattleheart ( Parides montezuma ) is a North American and South American butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Kalpa ( Vedanga ) '' proper practice '' , '' ritual '' , one of the six disciplines of Vedanga in Hinduism ;
Instead , Hahn signed with Deutsche Grammophon in 2003 after her contract with Sony expired in the year before .
Finally , there is a map of the island in the centre of the disc .
Every year , on the first of March , women held a festival in honor of Juno called the Matronalia .
Under Japan 's present constitution , the Emperor is the '' symbol of the state and the unity of the people , '' and is a ceremonial figurehead in a constitutional monarchy ( see Politics of Japan ) .
The regency of Anna Amalia and the reign of Charles Augustus formed a high point in the history of Saxe-Weimar .
Britain 's most popular long-distance cycle route - The ` C2C ' Sea to Sea Cycle Route - traditionally starts ( or ends ) when the cyclist dips their wheel in the sea on Roker beach .
One end of the device is fitted with a single male type-A USB connector .
Using its dichromatic color vision , it can detect predators from a far distance and then alert other prairie dogs to the danger with a special , high-pitched call .
Bonham Carter will play the villainous Red Queen , alongside notable actors such as Johnny Depp , Alan Rickman , Anne Hathaway , and Christopher Lee , in her partner Tim Burton 's 2010 film , Alice in Wonderland , and Enid Blyton in the first ever adaptation of her life entitled Enid Blyton .
which slowly organized over the following day .
Elected at the inaugural 1901 federal election , Barton resigned from the position of Prime Minister of Australia in 1903 and became a judge of Australia 's High Court .
James Maury '' Jim '' Henson ( September 24 , 1936 -- May 16 , 1990 ) was an American puppeteer .
Camden County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Born as Betty Kay Ageloff in New York City , Aberlin had a regular role on The Smothers Brothers Show .
According to Chris Crawford , the requirement for player interaction puts activities such as jigsaw puzzles and solitaire '' games '' into the category of puzzles rather than games .
In moral and political philosophy , autonomy is often used as the basis for determining moral responsibility for one 's actions .
All 143 passengers and crew on board lost their lives .
The series is written by Hidenori Kusaka and illustrated by Mato for the first 9 volumes .
Troy ( Hittite : Wilusa or Truwisa ; Greek : , Ilion , and , Troia ; Latin : Tr ia and lium ; Tr ia is the typical Latin name for the city .
He currently plays for Ehime F.C. .
The AVG was largely the creation of Claire L. Chennault , a retired U.S. Army Air Corps officer who had worked in China since August 1937 , first as military aviation advisor to Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek in the early months of the Sino-Japanese War , then as director of a Chinese Air Force flight school centered in Kunming .
Prelude Anti-tobacco sentiment existed in Germany in the early 1900s .
After the creation of Pakistan , Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani organizations .
Like all papillomaviruses , HPVs establish productive infections only in the stratified epithelium of the skin or mucous membranes .
Built during the Safavids period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as the masterpiece of Persian Architecture .
Malthus wrote during the time of the Manchester School of thought .
History Superchunk was formed in 1989 in the town of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , by Mac McCaughan ( guitar and vocals ) , Laura Ballance ( bass ) , Chuck Garrison ( drums ) , and Jack McCook ( guitar ) .
He is the author of Banker to the Poor and a founding board member of Grameen America and Grameen Foundation .
The Blanford 's Fox ( Vulpes cana ) , is a small fox found in certain regions of the Middle East .
Controversially , Article 9 of the treaty can be seen as an implicit defense pact , and other articles ( A7 and A16 ) point at increasing military cooperation , including the sharing of '' military know-how '' ( A16 ) , namely , Chinese access to Russian military technology .
The story repeated itself in 1978 -- with a balanced attack that saw Boston have eleven players with 20 + goal seasons , still the NHL record -- as the Bruins made the Final once more , but lost to a Canadiens team that had recorded the best regular season in modern history .
A trademark is typically a name , word , phrase , logo , symbol , design , image , or a combination of these elements .
It is also the county through which the Danube River enters Romania .
Stefani recorded her first solo album Love .
He is the spokesperson of the United Opposition and also one of its candidates running for the position of Senator of the Philippines .
The province was established in 146 BC following the Third Punic War , by annexing the remaining Carthaginian territory not confiscated after previous defeats by the Romans .
Mosleh Zamani ( also referred to as Moslah Zamani ) was a 23-year old Iranian Kurd who was executed on December 17 , 2009 for having an '' illicit relationship with his girlfriend '' when he was 17 years old .
The re-making of such a beloved classic was met with disapproval by Variety Magazine and horror by top critic Roger Ebert and so Cannon opted to make Cobra instead .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
Among the students of Hilbert were : Hermann Weyl , the champion of chess Emanuel Lasker , Ernst Zermelo , and Carl Gustav Hempel .
Since technetium is unstable , only minute traces occur naturally in the Earth 's crust as a spontaneous fission product of uranium .
Takeshi Oki is a Japanese football coach and a former player .
Mitarashi : Covered with a syrup made from shouyu ( soy sauce ) , sugar and starch .
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy , London began competing for Ring of Honor , where although he never won a title , began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves .
Eventually the development of separate , underground water and sewage systems eliminated open sewage ditches and cesspools .
Halley 's returns to the inner solar system have been observed and recorded by astronomers since at least 240 BC , and perhaps as early as 466 BC .
Count Gottfried von Bismarck ( 1962 -- 2007 ) son of Prince Ferdinand von Bismarck , great-great-grandson of Otto von Bismarck
Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins both won Oscars for their roles as Clarice Starling and Dr. Hannibal Lecter , respectively .
He is Artemis 's twin brother , and son of Zeus .
