, was first published in 1976 ; the title story had appeared in the Best American Short Stories 1967 collection .
It brands itself as '' Australia 's first inland city '' , although this is a claim that the city of Bathurst also makes .
Balloon loops can be useful for passenger trains and unit freight trains , such as coal trains .
Yathrib was soon renamed Madinat un-Nabi , literally '' the City of the Prophet '' , but un-Nabi was soon dropped , so its name in English is Medina , meaning '' the city '' .
Before World War II , he was a stage actor .
The World Meteorological Organization retired four names in the spring of 2005 : Charley , Frances , Ivan , and Jeanne .
History DeSoto County was created in 1887 .
It was the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the season , making the 2005 season the first to record so many storms .
Every Second Counts is the fourth studio album released by the Plain White T 's .
A famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century .
While most of them produced significant texts , none of the texts has survived in complete form .
It flows through the western part of Russia , and is widely viewed as the national river of Russia .
Coupesarte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This music video reveals her hardships during training ; it also showed many behind the scenes clips of her promotion of '' Timeless '' , including never-before-seen footage of her with Xiah .
The senior campus - also known as the '' Morven '' campus - is the oldest campus of Collingwood School .
Eastern Christianity refers collectively to the Christian traditions and churches which developed in the Balkans , Eastern Europe , Asia Minor , the Middle East , Northeastern Africa , and India over several centuries of religious antiquity .
The geographical position of Bratislava in Central Europe has long made it a natural crossroads for international trade traffic .
The only vehicles in Ford 's current North American product line that have been in production longer than the Taurus are the Ford Ranger , Ford Mustang , and Ford F-150 .
However , most Protestant versions exclude these passages as apocryphal , retaining only the text available today in the Hebrew\/Aramaic manuscripts .
Storms Tropical storms are one of Arizona 's main sources of rainfall , and they infuse the monsoon over the southwestern United States .
According to science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein , '' a handy short definition of almost all science fiction might read : realistic speculation about possible future events , based solidly on adequate knowledge of the real world , past and present , and on a thorough understanding of the nature and significance of the scientific method . ''
At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England .
The lake and the mountains attract many tourists , both during the winter and the summer .
The Badeshi people of the Bishigram Valley and the Tirat Valley number approximately 1,500 .
His father abdicated in his favor , thereby transferring to him the title of Emperor of the French , in 1815 .
As of now he is in a band called Isinglass playing drums since 2006 .
In smaller communities , an imam could also be the community leader .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
He also worked at Stonehenge , and Persepolis , and many other sites .
Fusarium wilt is a soil-borne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants .
The queen punishes the knight by sending him out on a quest to find out what women really want '' more than anything else , '' giving him a year and a day to discover it and having his word that he will return .
Brother of Poseidon , Zeus and Hera , and consort to Persephone .
The Nepal national football team is the national team of Nepal and is controlled by the All Nepal Football Association .
In 1868 , Atlanta became the fifth city to serve as the state capital .
In 2006 , there were approximately 116,011,000 households in the United States .
Brown 's time as Chancellor was marked by major reform of Britain 's monetary and fiscal policy architecture , transferring interest rate setting powers to the Bank of England , by a wide extension of the powers of the Treasury to cover much domestic policy and by transferring responsibility for banking supervision to the Financial Services Authority .
The polka dot jersey ( ) is the jersey awarded for the best climber during the mountain stages of the Tour de France cycle race .
Recurring themes include Stan 's desire to see Steve mature properly , Roger 's desires to establish a life outside of the house , Francine 's desire of breaking out of an overly structured lifestyle , Hayley 's desire to rebel against her father 's politics and Steve 's desire to finally become one of the cool kids .
Each series lasts for around three months , and there are usually fewer than 15 participants .
Panama City is a city and the county seat of Bay County , Florida , United States .
Spanish , as a mother tongue , is spoken by more than 333 million people ( second only to Chinese ) .
Albert Brooks guest starred as Jacques , a French bowling instructor , with him being credited as '' A. Brooks '' .
Valya Mladenova Balkanska ( ) ( born 8 January 1942 ) is a Bulgarian folk music singer from the Rhodope Mountains known for singing the song Izlel e Delyu Haydutin , part of the Voyager Golden Record selection of music included in the two Voyager spacecraft launched in 1977 .
In the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Rite Eastern Catholic churches , the prayer is very common in the Greek form indicated above , or in translations from it .
The concert featured six rock bands , among them are Cui Jian 's ADO and Tang Dynasty ( ) .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
Key components of games are goals , , , and interaction .
Lauda , who had survived a near-fatal crash at the German Grand Prix earlier in the season , withdrew from the race stating that his life was more important than the championship .
Disk ' O 2004 2008 Zamperla Disk ' O flat ride , riders spin around on a frisbee traversing a track .
Belbin and Agosto qualified for the 2002 Olympics by placing second at U.S. championships , but were not able to go because Belbin was not an American citizen .
Fert , Albert , Jean-Luc Duvail , and Thierry Valet .
Grandville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Tibor Sekelj ( in Hungarian : Székely Tibor ) ( 14 February 1912 -- 23 September 1988 ) was an explorer , esperantist , writer and lawyer of Jewish descent .
It is a by-product of the making of nitric acid from potassium nitrate and hydrochloric acid .
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
The decisive defeat of the Byzantine army and the capture of the Emperor Romanos IV Diogenes played an important role in undermining Byzantine authority in Anatolia and Armenia .
In 1931 , the printed recollections of 87-year-old Mrs. Sarah A. Cooke Myers , who at the age of 19 was present , suggest a dignified silence followed Lincoln 's speech : '' I was close to the President and heard all of the Address , but it seemed short .
He would have come into contact with sons of noblemen from northern Germany sent to the highly selective school to prepare for careers in diplomacy , government , and the military .
In addition , Kwan played the role of student Diane in the Los Angeles production of musical Bare , a Pop Opera as well as a starring role in the one-woman play , Faces of America and the online series Fear of a Punk Planet .
While Dhaka ( city ) occupies only about a fifth of the area of Dhaka district , it is the economic , political and cultural center of the district and the country as a whole .
It is a general term that includes human anatomy , animal anatomy ( zootomy ) and plant anatomy ( phytotomy ) .
Pluto has two known smaller moons , Nix and Hydra , discovered in 2005 .
Songieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
Faker was formed in Sydney , Australia , in 1998 .
Scene 4 ( Scherzo ) : Among a crowd , Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major .
The first game at the new Yankee Stadium was a preseason exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs played on April 3 , 2009 , which the Yankees won 7 4 .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny , when the British Crown took over all three presidencies .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
In telecommunications , dirty paper coding ( DPC ) is a technique for efficient transmission of digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the transmitter .
Salama Moussa 's writings continue to be in demand , perhaps even more than before .
Shogo Shiozawa is a Japanese football player who currently playing for Sagawa Printing S.C. .
Julio Cesar Lugo ( born on November 16 , 1975 , in Barahona , Dominican Republic ) is a major league shortstop , who is currently a free agent .
The locomotives were built at the BR Works in Darlington and Doncaster over the period 1953 -- 1962 .
It is the first in Eastern Visayas to be classified as a Highly Urbanized City .
His play Remember Ronald Ryan won him the 1995 Victorian Premier 's Literary Award .
Familly is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The Gilf Kebir is known for its prehistoric ( Neolithic ) petroglyphs
Adenosine-5 ' - triphosphate ( ATP ) is a multifunctional nucleotide used in cells as a coenzyme .
Sled dogs have been known to travel over in a 24 hour period while pulling each .
His career has included nineteen expeditions to the Himalayas , including four to Mount Everest and the first ascent of the south face of Annapurna .
A fixed pulley has a mechanical advantage of 1 .
This led to mass immigration of these refugees into industrial cities of the United States as well as to other locations around the world .
Hyperthyroidism is the term for overactive tissue within the thyroid gland causing an overproduction of thyroid hormones ( thyroxine or '' T4 '' and\/or triiodothyronine or '' T3 '' ) .
The University of Virginia was founded opened in 1825 , and was Jefferson 's project .
The original name of the town is Oranienbaum , which means '' orange tree '' in German ( in modern German , the word is Apfelsinenbaum ) .
He 's a Galaxy British Book Awards winner and one of only two authors to sell two million copies on a first printing .
Effects within the tropics TUTTs sometimes brings a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances in the deep tropics and cyclones and thus hinder their development .
She lived through six reigns : - Queen Victoria ( grandmother ) , Edward VII ( uncle ) , George V ( cousin and brother-in-law ) , Edward VIII ( first cousin once removed and great-nephew ) , George VI ( first cousin once removed and great-nephew ) and Elizabeth II ( first cousin twice removed and great-great-niece ) .
Run ( also known as Pulo Run or Puloroon ) is one of the smallest islands of the Banda Islands which are a part of Indonesia .
Dubai has a free trade in gold and , until the 1990s , was the hub of a '' brisk smuggling trade '' of gold ingots to India , where gold import was restricted .
Pujols-sur-Ciron is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The 1992 Winter Paralympics were the first Winter Games to use the same facilities as the Winter Olympics .
The town of Bucyrus , Ohio ( known as the '' Bratwurst Capital of America '' ) has held the three-day Bucyrus Bratwurst Festival annually since 1967 .
In the 19th century , the lightning rod became a decorative motif .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
More delicate than parsley , it has a faint taste of liquorice .
If Storm 91C is considered a tropical or subtropical cyclone , it holds several records .
His mother Eleanor ( née Wilson ) died shortly after his birth .
The city of Bonifacio is split into two sections .
Among other post offices where Flora worked was that at Grayshott in Hampshire and Yateley in Hampshire , and she later moved to Bournemouth .
The latex also includes codeine and non-narcotic alkaloids , such as papaverine , thebaine and noscapine .
Also notable is '' Midnight '' , which utilizes the technique of two-hand tapping at great speed , resulting in a Latin-American effect .
General information How Stuff Works : '' How Caffeine Works '' Erowid Caffeine Vaults Highly Caffeinated : The Caffeine Information Archive '' National Geographic January 2005 : Caffeine Caffeine Zone : Social and Medical info on caffeine and its effects .
However , because of Parliament 's pressure , he later approved their marriage .
Transportation The main road that runs through the San Gabriel Mountains is the Angeles Crest Highway , State Route 2 .
Misora displayed musical talent from an early age after singing for her father at a World War II send-off party in 1943 .
'' Rowdy Blues '' , a 1929 song credited to Kid Bailey , is disputed to have Brown on backup , or Brown himself using the name of Kid Bailey . Both '' M & O Blues '' and '' Future Blues '' appear on the album Son House & The Great Delta Blues Singers ( 1994 ) , recorded between 1928 and 1930 , on the Document Records label .
LPRC Oiler is a football ( soccer ) club from Liberia based in Monrovia .
Kristen Stewart - AskMen.com Her mother , Jules Mann-Stewart , is a script supervisor originally from Maroochydore , Queensland , Australia .
In addition to being sold throughout the United Kingdom , Barr 's Irn-Bru is also available in many key markets throughout the world and can usually be purchased where there is a significant community of people from its native Scotland .
It is the lowest positive power of two that is adjacent to neither a Mersenne prime nor a Fermat prime .
The Center opened on July 1 , 2006 with a performance of the New York Philharmonic .
In theory , mixing equal amounts of all three pigments should produce grey , resulting in black when all three are applied in sufficient density , but in practice they tend to produce muddy brown colors .
Woodrick Tracy '' Woody '' Harrelson ( born July 23 , 1961 ) is an American actor and comedian .
The next year she won her first major tournament , the 2007 European Speed Skating Championships in Collalbo , with an outdoor world record samalog score 162.954 points .
The Cluniac ( Clunian ) Reform was a series of changes within medieval monasticism , focused on restoring the traditional monastic life , encouraging art , and caring for the poor .
Nathan Rees MP ( born 12 February 1968 ) , an Australian politician , was the 41st Premier of New South Wales and parliamentary leader of the New South Wales division of the Australian Labor Party from September 2008 to December 2009 , and is the current member for the Electoral district of Toongabbie since 2007 .
Its largest tributary is the Kunar river , which starts out as the Mastuj River , flowing from the Chiantar glacier in Chitral , Pakistan and once it flows south into Afghanistan it is met by the Bashgal river flowing from Nurestan .
He was Bhavana Sangama 's eldest son , belonged to the kuruba clan and was founder of the Sangama dynasty , the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara .
Meowth loves round objects , as well as shiny , glittering things .
The Razakar force was composed of mostly pro-Pakistani Bengalis and Urdu-speaking migrants living in erstwhile East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
Metropolis was cut substantially after its German premiere , and much footage was lost over the passage of successive decades .
It is the point that protrudes the farthest to the southeast along the northeast-to-southwest line of the Atlantic coast of North America .
On April 19 , 2009 , Lifetime Movie Network aired Natalee Holloway , a television film based on Beth Holloway 's book Loving Natalee . Starring Tracy Pollan as Beth Holloway-Twitty , Grant Show as George '' Jug '' Twitty , Amy Gumenick as Natalee Holloway and Jacques Strydom as Joran van der Sloot , the film retells events leading up to the night of Holloway 's disappearance in 2005 , and the ensuing investigation in the aftermath .
It was discovered on 29 September 1884 by Johann Palisa and named after a nymph from Greek mythology .
The apron is commonly part of the uniform of several work categories , including waitresses , nurses , and domestic workers .
Numerous modifications for Oolite have expanded the gameplay by adding in new missions , new equipment , new ships , new trading locations and new open-ended career opportunities such as courier or hitman .
The lyrics are concerned with human existence , emotion , and mental states .
The Prime Meridian is the meridian ( line of longitude ) at which the longitude is defined to be 0 .
Alban Maria Johannes Berg ( February 9 , 1885 -- December 24 , 1935 ) was an Austrian composer .
His brothers or half-brothers are Gawain , Agravain , Gaheris , and Gareth .
He is a part of the rosters of Super Smash Bros. .
In 1949 he was appointed as Organist of Chelmsford Cathedral and Professor of Harmony and Counterpoint at Trinity College , London .
Located close to the border with Germany , it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin department .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,569 .
Cartoon Planet - Zorak ( Note : In the show 's end credits he 's credited as Clay )
In his first Pro Bowl , Roethlisberger played three series in the second quarter , going five of nine for 42 yards and one TD , and he led the AFC team in rushing with an 18-yard scramble .
They are Kama River ( 1805 km ( 1120 mi ) ) and Chusovaya River ( 592 km ( 367 mi ) ) .
FEC is accomplished by adding redundancy to the transmitted information using a predetermined algorithm .
Females are attracted to lights , but males are not .
Jan Piast , Duke of Ziebice ( d. 1428 )
In 1919 he became a political organizer for the Mainz branch of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , the ( SPD ) .
She thinks Stitch is not cooperating properly , until she finds out that Stitch is dying .
West Punjab was a province of Pakistan from 1947 to 1955 .
It replaced the canceled Future Combat Systems , manned ground vehicles program .
There followed a period of great religious and political upheaval , which led to the English Reformation , the royal expropriation of the monasteries and much of the wealth of the church .
School of Rock is a 2003 American comedy film from Paramount Pictures , starring Jack Black .
Until 1996 similar two-tier systems existed in Scotland and Wales , but these have now been replaced by fully unitary systems .
The bridge replaced a centuries-old ferry service to carry vehicular traffic , cyclists , and pedestrians across the Forth ; rail crossings are made by the adjacent and historic Forth Bridge .
Construction started soon after the release of the study , and the first line was opened in 1979 .
Since coal and petroleum often contain sulfur compounds , their combustion generates sulfur dioxide unless the sulfur compounds are removed before burning the fuel .
Moon has spoken vehemently against '' free sex '' and homosexual activity .
The word fortification can also refer to the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
Akacool.com .
Production Camembert is made from unpasteurised cow 's milk , and is ripened by the moulds Penicillium candida and Penicillium camemberti for at least three weeks .
He is best known as the author of the Inheritance Cycle , which consists of the books Eragon , Eldest , Brisingr , and Inheritance .
Toulenne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
After her time on Buffy , Benson began production on a series of animation films for the BBC with co-creator Christopher Golden and animation studio Cosgrove Hall .
The karate gi appears to have been developed from the Judo uniform .
The Free City was created on 10 January 1920 , against the wishes of the local population page 284 .
In 1892 , Ali bin Said leased the city to Italy .
The majority of the world 's PET production is for synthetic fibers ( in excess of 60 % ) with bottle production accounting for around 30 % of global demand .
A shared services company known as BellSouth Services was created to provide centralized functions such as engineering and information technology to Southern Bell and South Central Bell .
It is the central London railway terminus for suburban First Capital Connect services from Hertford , Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth and was , until March 2009 , a terminus for trains on the Thameslink line , also run by First Capital Connect .
Annales des empereurs du Japon , pp .
Orphaned at the age of three , he was brought up in Cambridge by his grandfather , from whom he received his first musical education .
Nielsen Media Research , the preeminent media research company in the world , began as a division of ACNielsen , a marketing research firm .
The plans , by Boston-based landscape architect Warren H. Manning , called for estate-sized lots along winding scenic roads and denser commercial development centering on three '' villages '' knowns as English Village , Mountain Brook Village and Crestline Village .
A tabbed interface allows users to access the Norton Protection Center and the program settings without separate tray icons and windows open .
Basically , you do n't even need to be present at all to have a long set of problems thrust into each article you wrote , contacts to users you know and debates stating how wrong your opinions are ( or rather , would be ) .
In current usage , the term is primarily pejorative , Ruth Perry , (/O1992/O) , '' A short history of the term ` politically correct ' '' , in Beyond PC : Toward a Politics of Understanding , by Patricia Aufderheide , 1992Schultz , Debra L. (/O1993/O) .
The first Komodo dragon was exhibited in 1934 at the Smithsonian National Zoological Park , but it lived for only two years .
Nicky Hofs ( born May 17 , 1983 , in Arnhem ) is a Dutch football midfielder , who currently plays for AEL Limassol .
The Teen Choice Awards is a teen awards show presented annually by Fox .
Hariri was assassinated on 14 February 2005 when explosives equivalent to around 1000 kg of TNT were detonated as his motorcade drove past the St. George Hotel in the Lebanese capital , Beirut .
In tetrapods , the tarsus is a cluster of articulating bones in each foot situated between the lower end of tibia and fibula of the lower leg and the metatarsus .
October 15 & ndash ; Abd al-Kader declares a jihad against the French .
The term '' rheumatism '' is still used in colloquial speech and historical contexts , but is no longer frequently used in medical or technical literature ; there is no longer any recognized disorder simply called '' rheumatism . ''
He was named Poet Laureate of Colorado in 1977 .
Andrew Chan , Si Yi Chen , Michael Czugaj , Renae Lawrence , Tach Duc Thanh Nguyen , Matthew Norman , Scott Rush , Martin Stephens and Myuran Sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests , faced the death penalty or life in prison if convicted .
Once the railway line was extended under the street in 1865 to join the two , Princes Bridge was closed .
Disney Interactive dealt with mass-market , global development , publishing and distribution of interactive entertainment software based on its intellectual property ( including Disney characters and other franchises ) .
Balto ( 1919 & ndash ; March 14 1933 ) was a Siberian Husky sled dog who led his team on the final leg of the 1925 serum run to Nome , in which diphtheria antitoxin was transported from Anchorage , Alaska to Nenana , Alaska by train and then to Nome by dog sled to combat an outbreak of the disease .
Brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .
Siminicea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Overview It was performed in 16 teams , and Boca Juniors won the championship .
It is the main city of the region of East Frisia ; in 2006 , the city had a total population of 51,692 .
Minnesota Vikings ( -- present )
These early competitions , also known as the Stoke Mandeville Games , have been described as the precursors of the Paralympic Games .
He may be considered to be the primary figure among the Russian Symbolist composers .
The world church is governed by a General Conference , with smaller regions administered by divisions , union conferences and local conferences .
Od , a replacement for '' God '' in some minced oaths
It is the largest city in the district and the location of Rheine Air Base .
Saint-Martin-Boulogne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Married twice , Chaney had two sons , Lon Ralph Chaney ( born July 3 , 1928 ) and Ronald Creighton Chaney ( born March 18 , 1930 ) , both now deceased . He is survived by a grandson , Ron Chaney , who attends film conventions and discusses his grandfather 's life and film career .
Haminu Draman ( born 1 April 1986 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Lokomotiv Moscow as a midfielder .
Silver itself is not toxic but most silver salts are , and some may be carcinogenic .
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein ( & ndash ; ) was a Russian pianist , conductor and composer .
Prior to 1883 , local mean time was used throughout North America , resulting in an inordinate number of local times .
He later founded the French Fifth Republic in 1958 and served as its first President from 1959 to 1969 .
Hypophosphorous acid is a phosphorus oxoacid and a powerful reducing agent with molecular formula H3PO2 . Inorganic chemists refer to the free acid by this name ( also as '' HPA '' ) , or the acceptable name of phosphinic acid .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet ( 204 m ) elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
The Amazilia Hummingbird ( Amazilia amazilia ) is a species of hummingbird , a family of small near passerine birds .
It uses taxonomic ranks , including , among others , ( in order ) Kingdom , Phylum , Class , Order , Family , Genus , Species ( various mnemonic devices have been used to help people remember the list of '' Linnaean '' taxonomic ranks .
They were the third variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five classes ( Class 313\/314\/315 \/O/ 507\/508 ) .
For example , Pelamis platurus has a venom more potent than any other terrestrial snake species in Costa Rica , but despite its abundance in the waters off its western coast , few human fatalities have been reported .
The shoots are dimorphic , with growth divided into long shoots typically 10-50 cm long and bearing several buds , and short shoots only 1-2 mm long with only a single bud .
Graham served as the president of Northwestern College , in Minnesota , from 1948 to 1952 .
He then returned to North Rhine-Westphalia , where he became Minister of Economy and Infrastructure in 1998 and Finance Minister in 2000 .
It was also nominated for '' Best Xbox 360 Game '' at the Spike Video Game Awards 2010 .
The best-known species is Cycas revoluta , widely cultivated under the name '' Sago Palm '' or '' King Sago Palm '' due to its palm-like appearance although it is not a true palm .
AFC Door Wilskracht Sterk ( ` Strong Through Willpower ' ) is a Dutch football club from Amsterdam .
Fife was a local government region divided into three districts -- Dunfermline , Kirkcaldy and North-East Fife .
Portable media player
The men 's division , by contrast , had no similar dress code .
In one application , it is actually a benefit : the password-hashing method used in OpenBSD uses an algorithm derived from Blowfish that makes use of the slow key schedule ; the idea is that the extra computational effort required gives protection against dictionary attacks .
Born in Babenhausen , near Augsburg , Germany , Jochum studied the piano and organ in Augsburg until 1922 .
'' Google is watching .
'' Slaughter And ` Submission ' , Creator Of Dutch Film Vows Sequel Despite Muslim Death Threats - CBS News
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Khani Thathiara , Shadial , Chamhad , Fateh Bandi , Sarbangala , Chamak Mera , Bagh Darah , Bermgali , Bisala , Mohal , Baln Seri , Bain Noora , Bain Gojra , Bothiala , Jattal , Baghati , Thana , Kasaki Khurd , Kasaki Kalan , Daroparh and Bhoraj .
European mistletoe , Viscum album , figured prominently in Greek mythology , and is believed to be The Golden Bough of Aeneas , ancestor of the Romans .
The proceeds of both the Euroa and Jerilderie robberies were distributed amongst the gang 's family , friends and supporters .
The population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of laborers who were hired for labor from India in the 19th century .
As such , this nutritional approach included skimmed milk , whole-grain bread , brown rice , and potatoes prepared without fat , on the premise that such foods supported a diet with the same macronutrient composition as the Paleolithic diet .
Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines ( the crown group of the superorder Chelonia ) , characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield .
They can be small circular pieces of metal , usually steel , with plastic backings , and for plastic bottles a plastic cap is used instead .
Raphael Jose Botti ( born 23 February 1981 ) , commonly known as Botti , is a Brazilian professional footballer .
In the score , Holst pokes fun at the works of Verdi , Wagner 's Parsifal and Debussy .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
Boy ( 1980s band ) , a 1980s American rock group
Gilbert had collected several specimens at King George Sound in Australia , this potoroo being one of them .
The geographical distribution of Turkic-speaking peoples across Eurasia ranges from the North-East of Siberia to Turkey in the West ( see picture in the box on the right above ) .
In 1963 , Al Davis was brought to the team as head coach and general manager , and from 1963 until 2002 the team had only seven losing seasons .
The soundtrack was released on May 20 , 1997 .
Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits ( sometimes named Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen or Popeyes Chicken & Seafood ; often referred to as just Popeyes ) is a chain of fried chicken fast food restaurants , owned since 1993 by the Sandy Springs , Georgia-based AFC Enterprises , which was originally America 's Favorite Chicken Company .
In other words , H. floresiensis share a common ancestor with modern humans , but split from the modern human lineage and followed a distinct evolutionary path .
Salisbury Cathedral is famous for the beauty and simplicity of its Lancet Gothic , known in England as the Early English Style .
St. Jean , Flamands and Grand-Cul-de-Sac beaches are also popular and attractive beaches which have hotels and other establishments on them .
May 10 -- Annular solar eclipse in the South Pacific , visible in Australia .
After the general election in November 2006 , Mr John Shimmin MHK , Mr Stephen Rodan MHK ( Minister for Health and Social Security ) and Mr David Cannan MHK ( former Minister for the Treasury ) sought nomination as Chief Minister , but none received the necessary majority of votes in Tynwald .
On the afternoon of September 18 , 1870 , members of the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition traveled down the Firehole River from the Kepler Cascades and entered the Upper Geyser Basin .
The surrounding seas , especially at the end of the peninsula , can be dangerous .
Mamluk sultan Baibars of Egypt invades the weakening kingdom of Makuria to the south .
It was developed by Nintendo and was released on January 18 , 2008 in Europe as a budget-priced retail title .
On the day before its official release , 4.2 million units of Halo 3 were in retail outlets .
Colima , Colima , the state capital of the same name
A film adaptation of Eragon was released in the United States on December 15 , 2006 .
In aviation , the undercarriage or landing gear is the structure ( usually wheels , but sometimes skids , floats or other elements ) that supports an aircraft on the ground and allows it to taxi .
He is the cousin of Achilles , the most remembered Greek warrior , and is the elder half-brother of Teucer .
At present she is head of the Laboratory of Ephemeris Astronomy of this institute .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
BBC Staff ( 2003-12-08 ) The term was borrowed from an earlier stage of the Troubles when the center of Belfast was fortified against attacks , the perimeter of which was known as the ring of steel .
Monterey was the first widely promoted and heavily attended rock festival , attracting an estimated 55,000 total attendees with up to 90,000 people present at the event 's peak at midnight on Sunday .
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1820s 1830s 1840s 1850s 1860s 1840 Atlantic hurricane season I. On June 19 , a tropical storm hit near Lake Charles , Louisiana .
This is followed by the perfect numbers 496 and 8128 .
Christopher Columbus built a small fort near present-day La Vega , in 1494 .
Telramund , a strong and seasoned warrior , agrees enthusiastically .
The track is 5.073 km ( 3.15 miles ) Track changes ahead of Singapore Grand Prix - Formula1 .
The history and dissemination of whirling disease .
In early 1978 , Bryan Adams teamed up with Jim Vallance ( formerly of Canadian band Prism ) to form a song-writing duo .
Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Andranik tried several times to seize Shusha .
Safin began his professional career in 1997 , and held the No. 1 world ranking for a total of 9 weeks between November 2000 and April 2001 . He won his first Grand Slam title at the 2000 U.S. Open after defeating Pete Sampras , and won the 2005 Australian Open , defeating Australian Lleyton Hewitt in the final .
In 1971 Cox released his album Nitro Function with Char Vinnedge ( from Luv 'd Ones ) and Robert Tarrant .
The hydrate will also decompose with heat .
The town , an example of the medieval fortified town known as a bastide , was founded by Philip the Bold in 1281 .
OD is a both a word and a two letter abbreviation and can mean any of the following :
The ability to run largely-unmodified linux packages is the main difference compared to other Linux based mobile operating systems such as Android and webOS .
Geography The district is named after the two major rivers in the district - the Spree river forms a large bend within the district ; the Oder river constitutes the eastern border .
Mumia Abu-Jamal ( born Wesley Cook on April 24 , 1954 ) is an American who was found guilty of and sentenced to death for the December 9 , 1981 murder of Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner .
All remaining responsibilities are retained by the six States ( previously separate colonies ) .
Rocks have been used by humans and other hominids for more than 2 million years .
The Nasrid dynasty rose to power after the defeat of the Almohad dynasty in 1212 at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa .
A forerunner of the theory was proposed by the Danish linguist Holger Pedersen , but did not involve glottalized sounds .
These include all four original provinces , New Brunswick , Nova Scotia , Ontario , and Quebec , as well as the fifth province , Prince Edward Island , and Alberta .
Three years later , this change would be the reason why Michael Collins orbited the Moon , while Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on its surface .
Gerd Zewe ( born 13 June 1950 in Stennweiler , West Germany ) is a former German football player and manager .
She is best known for her long-running role as Bart Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons . Cartwright voices other characters for the show , including Nelson Muntz , Ralph Wiggum , Todd Flanders , Kearney and Database .
Although some counties were left without lieutenants during the 1590s , following the defeat of the Spanish Armada , the office continued to exist , and was retained by James I even after the end of the war against Spain in 1604 .
Sir Joseph Cook , GCMG ( 7 December 1860 & ndash ; 30 July 1947 ) was an Australian politician and the sixth Prime Minister of Australia .
It separates Long Island ( including the boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn ) from the island of Manhattan and the Bronx on the North American mainland .
This work was accomplished together with the efforts of Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies , and recognized in the 2007 Nobel prize for medicine or physiology .
Phoronids ( ` Phoronida ' ) , commonly known as horseshoe worms , are a relatively small animal phylum : twenty species are known , in two genera , Phoronis and Phoronopsis .
Courmelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The rheas are species of ratites ( flightless birds , with unkeeled sterna ) in the genus Rhea , native to South America .
The network was launched in June 2005 as a result of discussion held the previous year at the International Conference for Renewable Energies in Bonn , Germany .
Horatio Gates Spafford ( October 20 , 1828 , Troy , New York - October 16 , 1888 , Jerusalem ) was a prominent American lawyer , best known for penning the Christian hymn It Is Well With My Soul , following a family tragedy in which four of his daughters died .
On July 14 , 2007 , Younha appeared on the Korean GomTV MSL Grand Finals ( a StarCraft tournament ) and performed in the opening ceremony .
She died of postnatal complications less than two weeks after the birth of her only child , a son who briefly reigned as Edward VI .
The disadvantage of using deadweight anchors in conditions where a mushroom anchor could be used is that it needs to be around ten times the weight of the equivalent mushroom anchor .
Eros was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker probe , which orbited it , taking extensive photographs of its surface , and , on February 12 , 2001 , at the end of its mission , landed on the asteroid 's surface using its maneuvering jets .
The origins of Grace go back to a mid-level area of low pressure that formed on October 23 to the south of Bermuda .
A Dolphin Reference BookA Glossary of Karst Terminology , 1970 .
The Hadean is the geologic eon before the Archean .
On 12 July 2006 , Kyle MacDonald made his final trade with the town of Kipling after a successful series of trades from one red paperclip .
The combination of industry and cultures , jazz , blues , and rock and roll led to an outpouring of musical creativity in the 20th century , including new music genres such as the Motown Sound and techno from Detroit and house & blues music from Chicago .
September 9 -- Queen Elizabeth II will become the longest reigning British monarch .
Gosport may refer to :
The process of rechewing the cud to further break down plant matter and stimulate digestion is called '' ruminating '' .
The Conn Smythe Trophy has been awarded 45 times to 39 players since the 1964 -- 65 NHL season .
Inactive users may wish to remove themselves from the list ; however , the list is also cleared semi-regularly so that it stays current .
The numerous sponsored activities range from extreme sports like mountain biking , BMX , motocross , windsurfing , snowboarding , skateboarding , kayaking , wakeboarding , cliff-diving , surfing , skating , freestyle motocross , rally , Formula 1 racing , and breakdancing to art shows , music , and video games .
is a music video game ( rhythm action game ) developed by Nintendo SPD .
Aimée Ann Duffy ( born 23 June 1984 ) , better known as Duffy , is a Welsh singer-songwriter and occasional actress .
is a Japanese footballer , who currently plays for the J. League team Gamba Osaka .
Ohis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
As a toddler , he witnessed the burning of New Ulm , Minnesota , by Taoyateduta ( Little Crow ) and his Sioux warriors in the Dakota War of 1862 .
Derby County Football Club is a professional English Football league club based in Derby , England , currently playing in the Football League Championship .
It is also one of the major cities in the Caribbean .
List of Union Councils District & Tehsil Abbottabad Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Band Pir Khan , Bandi Dhundan , Samesar and Tarnawal .
The is a home video game console released by Nintendo .
Vermont pancakes usually have oatmeal or buckwheat flour added to the wheat flour , and require more baking powder to rise .
He dedicated himself to reestablishing the Social Democratic Party , and he became chairman of the Laubach branch .
Herbert ` Ertl ' Erhard ( 6 July 1930 -- 3 July 2010 ) , also known as Herbert Erhardt , was a German footballer .
The town ` s history , however , reaches back to ancient Roman times - this can be experienced by visiting the Bergkamen Municipal Museum , which has a large Roman department , and the nearby archeological site , the '' Roemerlager '' .
In 1837 , Charles Babbage was the first to conceptualize and design a fully programmable mechanical computer , his analytical engine .
The New Testament teaches that the resurrection of Jesus , which Easter celebrates , is a foundation of the Christian faith .
Benny Urquidez , a kickboxer , choreographer and actor known as '' The Jet ''
The best-known of them are the three stories revolving around the adventures of an abandoned '' man cub '' Mowgli who is raised by wolves in the Indian jungle .
Bourideys is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Hurwicz , who had graduated from Warsaw University in 1938 , at the time of Nazi invasion on Poland was in London , moved to Switzerland then to Portugal and finally in 1940 he emigrated to the United States .
Plumbing is usually distinguished from water and sewage systems , in that a plumbing system serves one building , while water and sewage systems serve a group of buildings or a city .
Gracile australopiths shared several traits with modern apes and humans , and were widespread throughout Eastern and Northern Africa by a time between 3.9 and 3.0 million years ago .
mathfrak { P } 46 contains most of the Pauline epistles , though with some folios missing .
It is famous for its architecture , evocative of Solomon 's Temple of the Old Testament , and its decoration that has been frescoed throughout by the greatest Renaissance artists including Michelangelo , Raphael , Bernini , and Sandro Botticelli .
Nathaniel Hawthorne ( born Nathaniel Hathorne ; July 4 , 1804 -- May 19 , 1864 ) was an American novelist and short story writer .
latitude : Arctic , boreal , temperate , subtropical , tropical .
Undisclosed alternative accounts should not be used to edit project discussions ( e.g. policy debates and proceedings ) .
On 1 July 1933 the London County Council Tramways passed to the London Passenger Transport Board ( LPTB ) , known as London Transport .
That same year , Weber went to Salzburg , to study with Michael Haydn ; and later to Munich , to study with the singer Johann Evangelist Wallishauser , and organist J. N. Kalcher .
Amyntas II 393 BCE
It is approximately 55 kilometres southeast of Islamabad , the capital of Pakistan and 220 km to the north west of Lahore , capital of Punjab .
Since 2007 he was co-chairman of The Left .
In humans malaria is caused by P. falciparum , P. malariae , P. ovale , P. vivax and P. knowlesi .
See more about the AIESEC Experience .
The Persian King Shapur II , having failed on the battlefield , now proposed to Valens in 375 that Armenia which he called the perpetual source of trouble , be evacuated or that Roman forces be withdrawn from the Western part of Caucasian Iberia ruled by Sauromaces .
He tells poor jokes and stories ( but finds them hilarious himself ) , is a would-be anarchist ( although deep-down he is quite conservative ) and frequently acts like a child when he does n't get his way .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
FaroeseWhile the spelling Faeroese is also seen , Faroese is the spelling used in grammars , textbooks , scientific articles and dictionaries between Faroese and English .
He made a total of 12 caps with the national team .
Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof ( born May 15 , 1991 ) is a German fashion model and winner of the third cycle of Germany 's Next Topmodel .
These clauses are joined together using conjunctions , punctuation , or both .
The Phoenix Park Murders were the fatal stabbings on 6 May 1882 in the Phoenix Park in Dublin of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Thomas Henry Burke .
Each Webkinz stuffed animal and Webkinz accessory comes with an 8-character code .
He has hosted television coverage of high profile events for many years .
It revolves around Tinker Bell , a fairy character created by J. M. Barrie in his play Peter Pan , or The Boy Who Would n't Grow Up , and featured in the 1953 Disney animated film , Peter Pan and its 2002 sequel Return to Never Land .
Description The Volga is the longest river in Europe .
The Authie river flows through the town , which once divided the commune into two parts , one in the Pas-de-Calais and the other in the Somme department .
Kane then confronted Chris Jericho , declaring himself to be to be the co-captain for Team SmackDown at Bragging Rights , Jericho then agreed to Kane 's co-captaincy . The match was won by Team SmackDown .
Mizoram ( '' land of the Mizo people '' ) is one of the Seven Sister States in North Eastern India , sharing borders with the states of Tripura , Assam , Manipur and with the neighbouring countries of Bangladesh and Myanmar .
For the similarly-titled work by Antonio Vivaldi , see The Four Seasons ( Vivaldi ) .
It was so named because it can dissolve the so-called '' royal metals , '' or noble metals , gold and platinum .
During his Ascension Day sermon on May 4 , 1497 , bands of youths rioted , and the riot became a revolt : dancing and singing taverns reopened , and men again dared to gamble publicly .
He married his wife Adrienne in 1972 and has four children .
It laso wiped out the roman city of Pompeii .
For every 100 females , there are 102.1 males .
The ASALA 's eight point manifesto was published in 1981 .
The Verkhovna Rada of the 14th convocation officially changed the numbering of sessions , proclaiming itself the Verkhovna Rada of the third convocation .
Morpheus , Phobetor and Phantasos appear in the dreams of kings .
The atmosphere of the show was darker , and during its third and fourth seasons it performed better in the U.S. Nielsen Ratings than its parent series , though Buffy 's highest ratings records in Season Two and Three still topped any of Angel 's seasons ratings .
Cetate , Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County , Romania .
In spite of a last ditch effort to form a United Bengal , when India gained independence in 1947 , Bengal was partitioned along religious lines . The western part went to India ( and was named West Bengal ) while the eastern part joined Pakistan as a province called East Bengal ( later renamed East Pakistan , giving rise to Bangladesh in 1971 ) .
T ` rdat ( , sometimes Latinized as Tiridates ) , of the Chosroid Dynasty , was the king of Iberia ( Kartli , eastern Georgia ) from c. 394 to 406 .
Garret FitzGerald ( born 9 February 1926 ) was Taoiseach of Ireland , serving two terms in office ( July 1981 to February 1982 ; December 1982 to March 1987 ) .
The most notable storm of 1979 was Hurricane David , a Category 5 storm on the Saffir -- Simpson Hurricane Scale that killed over 2,000 people , mostly in the Dominican Republic , and caused nearly 1.5 billion dollars in damage ( 1979 USD ) .
The award has drawn criticism in recent years because several players with experience in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) have won the award , such as Hideo Nomo in 1995 , Kazuhiro Sasaki in 2000 , and Ichiro Suzuki in 2001 .
Waggle dance is a term used in beekeeping and ethology for a particular figure-eight dance of the honey bee .
German Pancakes '' or Dutch baby pancakes served in American pancake houses are shaped like a bowl and come in a range of sizes .
In 2005 , this province had a population of approximately 2,000,000 out of which 91.2 % resided in urban areas and 8.8 % in rural vicinities .
Pushkin and his wife Natalya Goncharova , whom he married in 1831 , later became regulars of court society .
Kozo Tashima ( born November 21 , 1957 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Havana is the largest city in Cuba and the country 's capital .
Nintendo later released the Nintendo Channel , which allows Wii owners to download game demos or additional data to their Nintendo DS in a process similar to that of a DS Download Station .
Pau is a commune on the northern edge of the Pyrenees , capital of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in France .
They then forced the villagers together in the main square of the village .
Hausen bei Brugg ( prior to 2003 : Hausen ) is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The first settlement of the area stretches back to the Stone Age era .
and was developed in its modern form by Gustav Cassel in 1918 .
Cape Verde 's official language is Portuguese .
To test the strength of Soviet chess masters , Krylenko organized the Moscow 1925 chess tournament .
The county is part of the Tallahassee , Florida , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Embry is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The club was overshadowed by its city rival Hapoel Haifa .
In 1981 , some 1,900 anti-nuclear activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
This is often referred to as gameplay .
He returned in 1910 with his sons , daughter , and wife , establishing a quarry on the flanks of Fossil Ridge .
U Thant ( ; MLCTS : u : san/O. ; ; vintage news video ; January 22 , 1909 -- November 25 , 1974 ) was a Burmese diplomat and the third secretary-general of the United Nations , from 1961 to 1971 .
A concrete bridge , featuring two lanes ( one for each direction ) was built in 1958 to accommodate heavier flow .
Julius Streicher was not a member of the military and did not take part in planning the Holocaust , or the invasion of other nations .
All of the band members use pseudonyms and wear their own unique mask , most of which are based on the common hockey goaltender design .
Markus Babbel ( born September 8 , 1972 in Munich ) is a German former international footballer and current manager .
In 2007 , Geoffrey Robertson QC alleged that Phillip 's remains are no longer in St Nicholas Church , Bathampton and have been lost : '' ... Captain Arthur Phillip is not where the ledger stone says he is : it may be that he is buried somewhere outside , it may simply be that he is simply lost .
Players obtain items by driving through item boxes , which can be used for either defense , offense , or for powering up the engine .
Year 36 ( XXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
After the English Civil War and the regicide of Charles I , its existence was initially declared in An Act declaring England to be a Commonwealth by the Rump Parliament , on May 19 , 1649 .
This is the color called cerise in Crayola crayons ( see the List of Crayola crayon colors ) .
May 11 & ndash ; Moscow Uprising of 1682 : A mob takes over the Kremlin and lynches the leading boyars and military commanders .
Due to the political interest in the working class , there has been debate over the nature of the working class since the early 19th century .
The London Borough of Newham is a London borough in east London , within Greater London .
Adams was the Massachusetts delegate appointed to the committee to draft the Articles of Confederation , the plan for the colonial confederation .
Utah is a rugged and geographically diverse state that is located at the convergence of three distinct geological regions : the Rocky Mountains , the Great Basin , and the Colorado Plateau .
Various touch sensors , mostly bristles called setae , respond to different levels of force , from strong contact to very weak air currents .
Tea may be either in a tea bag or loose , in which case a tea strainer will be needed , either to hold the leaves as they steep or to catch the leaves inside the teapot when the tea is poured .
Most of the land is considered within the Alps ( Lepontine Alps ) , but a small area is part of the plain of the River Po which drains the north of Italy .
The district includes the following 25 municipalities and has an area of :
Whatever the case , the result was the execution of Silius , Messalina , and most of her circle .
In 2000 , he was announced the driver for Herzog Motorsports in the Nationwide Series .
In general , the Riverina is an alluvial plain formed by deposition carried from the Great Dividing Range by streams between 30,000 to 15,000 years ago .
The term aseptic meningitis refers loosely to all cases of meningitis in which no bacterial infection can be demonstrated .
The original project code name for the service was twttr , inspired by Flickr and the five-character length of American SMS short codes .
The Proms continue today , and still present newly commissioned music alongside pieces more central to the repertoire and early music .
In the late eighth century , the Vikings began to raid the coast , and by the middle of the ninth century , the monastery had been abandoned .
The band released their first live DVD Edgy In Brixton in the UK on October 1 , 2007 , which was recorded at the Brixton Academy in London .
Petri Pasanen ( born 24 September 1980 in Lahti ) is a Finnish footballer who plays for Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga .
These weather patterns are driven by the strongest sustained winds of any planet in the Solar System , with recorded wind speeds as high as 2100 km/h .
The total area is 22.68 km & sup2 ; which gives a population density of 237 inhabitants per km .
A notable type of promise is an election promise .
Note that the existence of any such particle is known only at the point of emission and the point of detection .
It did not become very popular , and since the beginning of the 1970s the text was no more sung , because of the line '' Germany , our unified fatherland '' .
The total area is 10.01 km which gives a population density of 1258 inhabitants per km .
Espiet is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
They are also able to perceive finer detail and more rapid changes in images , because their response times to stimuli are faster than those of rods .
Genealogical data can be represented in several formats , for example as a pedigree or ancestor chart .
In the US , practical research into using tularemia as a bioweapon took place in 1954 at Pine Bluff Arsenal , Arkansas , an extension of the Camp Detrick program .
The tire expert 's testimony rested on such unscientific '' observation and experience '' , and so the Eleventh Circuit reasoned the district court should have made a different ruling based on their legal reasoning over Rule 702 without the Daubert gloss .
However , parts of the Avalon Peninsula experienced tropical storm conditions .
One year later , the family moved once again , to a two-room hut on their own land at nearby Eleven Mile Creek .
Microsoft Office Online is the Microsoft Office tools and assistance Web site .
Dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the anticoagulant medication he was taking after the heart surgery .
John Purdue , a Lafayette business leader and philanthropist ( buried at Purdue ) , sought to help establish a '' land grant '' college in Indiana .
Naismith was not initially hired to coach basketball , but rather as a chapel director and physical education instructor .
Ethan Zohn , Lex van den Berghe , and Tom '' Big Tom '' Buchanan competed in , where they placed 11th , 9th , and 5th respectively .
According to a global study collaboratively conducted by the World Health Organization and the Guttmacher Institute , most unsafe abortions occur where abortion is illegal .
Up until 1979 , most seasons saw only the highest-scoring driver in each race for each constructor contributing points towards the Championship .
As a result of the efforts of historian Joseph Wulf , the Wannsee House , where the conference was held , is now a Holocaust Memorial .
Traveling from one end of this line to the other end takes about one hour , and this line is colored red on the rail map .
The Legend of Zelda : Phantom Hourglass is the fourteenth game in Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda series .
Saint-Josse , or Saint-Josse-sur-Mer is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Nevada National Security Site ( N2S2 ) , previously the Nevada Test Site ( NTS ) , is a United States Department of Energy reservation located in southeastern Nye County , Nevada , about northwest of the city of Las Vegas .
Many of these works were held at the Galerie nationale du Jeu de Paume prior to the museum 's opening in 1986 .
He earned 6 caps for the Italy national football team , and played in both the 1962 and 1966 World Cups .
Modern history Rebel forces entered and took the city in 1990 , forcing then President of Somalia Mohamed Siad Barre to flee in 1991 to Kenya .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
She has been a member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2002 , and was President of the Confederation in 2007 .
music was rolled out , arranged by Steve Kaplan .
Libbie Hyman named them Rhynchocoela , a name used primarily in North America but gradually abandoned since the 1980s .
Many small organisms such as rotifers , copeopods and platyhelminths use such organs , but these are too small to produce usable images .
They spend a lot of time in water , so they have a thick fur coat that keeps them warm even in freezing water .
Located along the Murrumbidgee River and Muniong Mountain range , Gundagai is south-west of Sydney , the state capital and largest city in Australia .
Ellipsis ( plural ellipses ; from the , élleipsis , '' omission '' ) is a mark or series of marks that usually indicate an intentional omission of a word in the original text .
Welded tuff is a pyroclastic rock , of any origin , that was sufficiently hot at the time of deposition to weld together .
Ekwok is a city in Dillingham Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Richard Strauss died on 8 September 1949 , in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany at the age of 85 .
Year 1618 ( MDCXVIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Condette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the mid-seventies Merckx figured in television commercials for cigarettes , for which he was criticized and which he now regrets .
Saint-Inglevert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units ( EMU ) were built by BREL York in two batches in 1987 - 88 and 1990 .
An agreement with the Swiss government signed on March 19 , 1993 , affirmed the already long-standing policy of full independence of the Committee from any possible interference by Switzerland .
At an elevation of 877 m , it is the highest point in the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Here the free good is produced as a by-product of something more valuable .
A calendar blue moon occurs in most of the Eastern Hemisphere .
After releasing their debut album Prayers of Steel and their Depraved to Black EP in 1985 , the band changed their name to Rage because there was another band in England that also carried the moniker .
After tribal council , Jamie and Bobby Jon made up from last episode . Judd won reward .
It is a component of KOffice , the KDE office suite .
Northern Rhodesia was a territory in south central Africa , formed in 1911 .
For the current tornado season , see Tornadoes of 2010
government website .
Fallen sold more than 15 million copies worldwide and helped the band win two Grammy Awards .
Fertility differs from fecundity , which is defined as the potential for reproduction ( influenced by gamete production , fertilisation and carrying a pregnancy to term ) .
Recques-sur-Hem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Modern inline-four motorcycle engines first gained their popularity with Honda 's SOHC CB750 in the 1970s .
He spent the early months of World War II doing research on reaction kinetics , and then became a member of the Air Ministry Research Establishment , working on radar .
Dirac made fundamental contributions to the early development of both quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics .
Aizelles is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Otto Heinrich Warburg ( October 8 , 1883 , Freiburg im Breisgau -- August 1 , 1970 , Berlin ) , son of physicist Emil Warburg , was a German physiologist , medical doctor and Nobel laureate .
In The Valley of Gwangi , Gwangi is billed as an Allosaurus , although Ray Harryhausen based his model for the creature on Charles R. Knight 's depiction of a Tyrannosaurus .
The Superb Bird of Paradise is distributed throughout rainforests of New Guinea .
Henry VI ( 6 December 1421 21 May 1471 ) was King of England 1422 -- 1461 and again from 1470 to 1471 , and King of France from 1422 to 1453 .
The song '' Baila Esta Cumbia '' was an instant success in the U.S. and crossed over later on to Mexico .
It is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom and belongs to the FreeMove Business alliance .
Wolverine feed on almost every type of food that they can find : mice , rats , birds , bird eggs , reindeer and other large prey .
Einstein proposed that spacetime is curved by matter , and that free-falling objects are moving along locally straight paths in curved spacetime .
Gaelic football is the most popular of the Gaelic games and is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end .
The articles in the English language are the and a\/an .
Like many Egyptian gods , the worship of Bes was exported overseas , and he , in particular , proved popular with the Phoenicians and the ancient Cypriots .
several dozen with internet chat ability
Belo Horizonte ( , Beautiful Horizon ) is the capital of and largest city in the state of Minas Gerais , located in the southeastern region of Brazil .
Simeon I succeeds Vladimir as king of Bulgaria .
Hisao Kami ( born 28 June 1941 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
The city is the county seat of Elmore County , one of the fastest growing counties in the state .
Dolores Hope , DC \* SG ( born May 27 , 1909 ) is an American singer , philanthropist and the widow of actor Bob Hope .
West Berlin was a political exclave that existed between 1949 and 1990 .
The question of whether plate tectonic activity existed in the Archean is an active area of modern research .
It is best known as the location of Claude Monet 's garden and home .
A stolon is a plant propagation strategy and the complex of individuals formed by a mother plant and all its clones produced from stolons form a single genetic individual .
Petrochemicals are chemical products derived from petroleum .
Geoffrey of Monmouth and Jeff de Hosson produce the Historia Regum Britanniae .
Gerard Kitchen O'Neill ( February 6 , 1927 -- April 27 , 1992 ) was an American physicist and space activist .
There is also a significant community of British and Americans residents .
The state 's most populous city is Philadelphia .
Wikipedia has many policies about articles .
The crater Vogel on Mars
It was adopted in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Ceylon , The Rt Hon D.S. Senanayake .
Many NHL teams with a named captain select more than two alternate captains and rotate the '' A '' among these players throughout the season .
A tragedy typically ended with the death or destruction of a fictional or historical hero , whereas a comedy focused on the lives of middle to lower class characters and ended with their success .
Although it is branded as part of Virgin Group , the group 's share in it is only 51 % , the remaining 49 % being held by Stagecoach Group .
Mayes County ( northeast )
Liu 's human rights work has received international recognition . In 2004 , Reporters Without Borders awarded him the Fondation de France Prize as a defender of press freedom .
The Triassic is usually separated into Early , Middle , and Late Triassic Epochs , and the corresponding rocks are referred to as Lower , Middle , or Upper Triassic .
Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool , released in 1993 .
By this time , Hughes ' earlier work had been published in magazines and was about to be collected into his first book of poetry .
When Ellen brings the apprentice to Grimes at the pub that evening , Grimes immediately sets off to his hut , despite the fact that the Borough is weathering a terrible storm .
Qom is one of the 30 provinces of Iran with 11,237 km , covering 0.89 % of the total area in Iran .
Technically the term Pilgrimage of Grace refers specifically and inclusively to the uprising around York , though sometimes it is used in relation to the risings in general which took place around Northern England ; first from Lincolnshire , twelve days before the actual Pilgrimage of Grace .
In addition , the Fédération Cynologique Internationale sponsors and regulates the World Dog Show and international dog shows .
Riggins is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
Apache ( ) is the collective term for several culturally related groups of Native Americans in the United States originally from the American Southwest .
In the 1940s , the club , the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium and the Ciudad Deportiva were rebuilt following the Spanish Civil War .
One approach to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .
This made them fairly easy to control ; simply sending the text to the printer was usually enough to generate a page of output .
It is made from a mixture of goat 's and sheep milk , although some halloumi can be bought that also contains cow 's milk .
Douglas Clayton Durdle ( born 1 September 1972 ) is an English professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Doug Williams . He is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under the ring name Douglas Williams .
The satellite has been given the provisional designation S\/2003 ( 130 ) 1 .
FIFA 10 ( FIFA Soccer 10 in North America ) is the 17th title in Electronic Arts ' FIFA series of football video games .
Early life Yves Mathieu Saint-Laurent was born in Oran , Algeria , which at the time was the capital of a French département .
Warren Hastings PC ( 6 December 1732 -- 22 August 1818 ) was the first Governor-General of India , from 1773 to 1785 .
When everybody is out , the teachers take a register to find out if anyones missing .
Through Prince Paul , Johnson is a descendant of King George II , and through George 's great-great-great grandfather James I\/VI , a descendant of all of the previous British royal houses .
Billy Collins ( born William James Collins March 22 , 1941 ) is an American poet , appointed as Poet Laureate of the United States from 2001 to 2003 .
Despite having a very low energy-to-weight ratio and a low energy-to-volume ratio , their ability to supply high surge currents means that the cells maintain a relatively large power-to-weight ratio .
Pakistan 's Supreme Court upholds ban on a Shahi disciple 's book Many attempts were made on Shahi 's life , including a petrol bomb attack , thrown into his Manchester residence , Attempts made on Gohar Shahi and an attack with a hand grenade during the discourse at his home in Kotri , Pakistan .
He acquired much favor with the Emperor Hadrian , who adopted him as his son and successor on 25 February 138 , after the death of his first adopted son Lucius Aelius , on the condition that Antoninus would in turn adopt Marcus Annius Verus , the son of his wife 's brother , and Lucius , son of Aelius Verus , who afterwards became the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus .
In 2002 , Bangladesh introduced the death penalty for throwing acid and laws strictly controlling the sales of acids .
Ian Samuel '' Sam '' Totman ( born 26 April 1979 in London , UK ) is a guitarist and main songwriter for the power metal band DragonForce .
Sarajevo is the capital of the country of Bosnia and Herzegovina and its sub-entity , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , as well as of the Sarajevo Canton .
Of a Revolution , better known as O.A.R. , is an American rock band consisting of Marc Roberge ( vocals , guitar ) , Chris Culos ( drums , percussion ) , Richard On ( guitar , backing vocals ) , Benj Gershman ( bass guitar ) , and Jerry DePizzo ( saxophone , guitar , backing vocals ) .
b = n ^ frac { 1 } { log_b ( n ) } .
A city gate is a gate which is , or was , set within a city wall .
He lands on a green Yoshi , and Mario and the rest of the Yoshi gang must journey through the game 's six worlds to rescue Baby Luigi and the stork back from Baby Bowser and Kamek .
The Evangelical Christian Church ( Christian Disciples ) as a new group within the Restoration tradition was reorganized in 2001 . The Evangelical Christian Church 's national office in Canada is in Waterloo , Ontario .
Ten Boom co-wrote her autobiography , The Hiding Place , which was later made into a movie of the same name .
Rather less productive is the semi-arid San Juan Valley , south of the Central Cordillera .
The Dual Monarchy had existed for 51 years when it dissolved on October 31 , 1918 following military defeat in the First World War .
She died shortly after the birth of Kagu-tsuchi , and Izanagi followed her to the underworld , but failed to bring her back to the living world .
Takamoto was born on April 29 , 1925 in Los Angeles , California .
He previously was a professor of economics where he developed the concepts of microcredit and microfinance .
Around a black hole there is an undetectable surface which marks the point of no return , called an event horizon .
Distances can be measured on a map using compasses with two spikes .
See also Encarta List of encyclopedias List of online encyclopedias Malayalam Britannica References Further reading Lee , Timothy .
A megalith is a large stone that has been used to construct a structure or monument , either alone or together with other stones .
When Ho Chi Minh died , the granite Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum was built here to display his embalmed body .
Examples of monosaccharides include glucose ( dextrose ) , fructose ( levulose ) , galactose , xylose and ribose .
FDP uses about 10 to 20 animals to find the dose producing toxicity signs but not death , and from there predicts the lethal dose .
Because light can travel through a vacuum , it was assumed that the vacuum must contain the medium of light .
The archipelago has the status of overseas collectivity within France .
The Khatris had to leave their ancestral homes and move to India after partition .
Bonjour ( Apple 's implementation of Zeroconf )
The 1956 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVI Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in Melbourne , Australia , in 1956 , with the exception of the equestrian events , which could not be held in Australia due to quarantine regulations .
Dieffenbachia is a genus of tropical plants in the Family Araceae noted for their patterned leaves .
In typical Irish rural style its most plentiful business premises are public houses of which there are 4 .
As his sometimes turbulent relationship with Dodd developed , he found himself performing a variety of important tasks at Dodd 's Studio One hit factory , going on to record nearly thirty songs for the label .
Auburn is a college town and is the home of Auburn University .
The city is agricultarally an economic infux as a centre for sugarcane and cotton crops .
All departments are listed by their present-day name and only departments with past or present cabinet-level status are listed .
Petroleum ( L. petroleum , from rock + oleum oil ) or crude oil is a naturally occurring , toxic , flammable liquid consisting of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons of various molecular weights , and other organic compounds , that are found in geologic formations beneath the Earth 's surface .
The Cyrillic letter lje ( , ) is a ligature of and and represents a palatal lateral , a sound similar ( but not equal ) to the palatalized alveolar lateral represented by the digraph .
The Irvine Company 's Valencia operation later split from the company and became Sunkist .
Many of the cities in the Looniverse have net-based names : Net .
The party was founded on November 30 , 1967 by Zulfikar Ali Bhutto who was also its first chairman .
The Earth 's terrain varies greatly from place to place .
In July 2008 , he moved to Hannover 96 .
Jennifer mainly works alongside her sister , Suzanne Todd , also a producer .
It forms an enclave in the state of Lower Saxony and is located at the mouth of the River Weser on its eastern bank , opposite the town of Nordenham .
Ebert wrote that Pete Postlethwaite and Miriam Margolyes were '' the only actors in the film who seem completely at home '' and said , '' In one grand but doomed gesture , writer-director Baz Luhrmann has made a film that ( a ) will dismay any lover of Shakespeare , and ( b ) bore anyone lured into the theater by promise of gang wars , MTV-style . ''
Lilo Pelekai ( voiced by Daveigh Chase )
In 2001 , she began her current relationship with director Tim Burton whom she met while filming Planet of the Apes .
During this period ( now under the editorship of Ian Pye , who replaced Neil Spencer in 1985 ) , they were split between those who wanted to write about hip hop , a genre that was relatively new to the UK , and those who wanted to stick to rock music .
During World War I , he gradually moved to the right , expressing his support of the monarchy and Germany 's expansionist goals .
Raise any less-obvious reasoning as a note on the talk page , with any additional links that support your edits .
The International Association for Handicapped Divers ( or '' IAHD '' ) is a non-profit organization with its headquarters in Middenmeer , the Netherlands .
Adoption of the euro as a national currency is required of all new countries joining the European Union , and the Cypriot government adopted the currency on 1 January 2008 .
Both districts were merged in the communal reform of 1994 .
When Clarkson was six years old , her parents divorced after seventeen years of marriage .
Puiseux-en-Retz is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
There are several unrelated rainbow flags in use today .
Jean-Pierre Cassel ( October 27 1932 - April 19 2007 ) was a French actor .
She performed in her first opera in 1928 , as Eurydice in a school production of Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice in Magdeburg , Germany .
Galicia has two official languages : Galician ( Galician : Galego ) and Spanish ( known in Spain as castellano , '' Castilian '' ) . Galician is recognized in the Statute of Autonomy of Galicia as the lingua propia ( a term comparable to '' mother language '' ) of Galicia .
He also passed the presidential insignia to Wa sa , thus ending the 45-years long episode of the Polish government in exile .
Fairfield is a town in Sauk County , Wisconsin , United States .
He eventually washed ashore -- possibly in Ezo ( , ancient Hokkaid ) -- and was cared for by the Ainu Ebisu Saburo ( ) .
He moved on to minor acting roles before being praised for his role of Sam in Life as a House .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap , which cover more than 80 % of the island ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the sun , with its bottom part sunk in the ocean ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
If the white notes are played beginning from the sixth step of that C scale , from any A to an A an octave above , then an A natural minor scale ( the '' relative minor '' of C ) is produced .
The Italian Wikipedia ( ) is the Italian-language edition of Wikipedia .
Ricciardo started karting at the age of nine and entered numerous karting events since .
HDNet interview Based on sales , Boyz II Men is the most successful R&B male vocal group of all time .
In the highland regions of southwestern New Guinea it is known as the Mungwe in the Daribi and Chimbu languages .
Like an Amoeba , it has no regular outline , although the lower surface is somewhat concave , and the upper surface is always flattened .
Darkness , in contrast with brightness , is a relative absence of visible light .
The United Kingdom has had a continuous presence in the far South Atlantic since 1833 when it reasserted sovereignty over the Falkland Islands .
Athanasius of Alexandria , a young deacon and companion of Bishop Alexander of Alexandria , was among these assistants .
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed , in much the same way as chewing-gum ; it is even used by Wrigley 's ( ` Eclipse exotic Breeze ' ) in which it states '' with cardamom to neutralize the toughest breath odors '' .
Consecrated as a bishop in 1608 , he later entered politics , becoming a Secretary of State in 1616 .
The Choir today The current Musical Director , David Hill , was appointed in 1998 .
The resulting altimeter readings are known as flight levels .
Nagios is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring software application .
Blackfriars station , also known as London Blackfriars , is a London Underground and National Rail station in the City of London , England .
A jack plane is around long , continues the job of roughing out , but with more accuracy than the scrub .
Dutchess County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York , in the state 's Mid-Hudson Region of the Hudson Valley .
The official language for all Flemish institutions is Dutch .
Samuel Alken ( 1756-1815 ) , English artist
The didgeridoo is played with continuously vibrating lips to produce the drone while using a special breathing technique called circular breathing .
Awana ( derived from the first letters of Approved workmen are not ashamed as taken from 2 Timothy 2:15 ) is an international evangelical nonprofit organization founded in 1950 , headquartered in Streamwood , Illinois .
There are smaller businesses .
Others may try to promote their own point of view , failing to recognize the importance of the NPOV policy .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
The Nagar Valley ( Urdu .
Monts-en-Bessin is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Everything seems to go wrong for Butters as bad luck and punishment seem to follow him .
In addition , petroforms and inukshuks are rock art made by aligning or piling natural stones .
Their hats were especially distinctive ; made of cloth , they were floppy with three points , each of which had a jingle bell at the end .
Azincourt ( historically , Agincourt in English ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
A public memorial to him was placed in the Cloister of St Bartholomew-the-Great , West Smithfield , London , and was unveiled in 1991 by the Lord Mayor of London .
January 13 & ndash ; Council of Troyes : The Order of the Knights Templars is ordained by the Pope .
However , the extinct aurochs\/urus is a completely separate species from the still-extant wisent .
Fairfield is the county seat of Wayne County , Illinois , United States , the site of Frontier Community College , Fairfield Community High School , Fairfield Memorial Hospital , and Airtex ; an auto parts manufacturing facility .
Ayers is married to Bernardine Dohrn , a fellow former leader of the Weather Underground .
In early 1612 , the year of the trials , each justice of the peace ( JP ) in Lancashire was ordered to compile a list of the recusants in their area- those who refused to attend the services of the Church of England , a criminal offence at that time .
The police set up a camp near two shepherd huts at Stringybark Creek in a heavily timbered area .
Hammondsworth ( England ) , and New York : Penguin Books .
The most noteworthy event recorded during his reign was the construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout Japan , indicating the broad reach of imperial power at the time .
In spite of this , Cole continued to occasionally refer to him as '' Little Bastard '' .
The fuselage also proved versatile as it provided generous interior space that allowed fitting for either a transport or luxury airliner role .
Schismatic as an adjective means pertaining to a schism or schisms , or to those ideas , policies , etc. that are thought to lead towards or promote schism .
Cantor function
Yoshiteru Yamashita is a Japanese football player who was capped 3 times for the Japanese national team .
The Circus Surprise is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Vladimir Vagin .
General epistles ( also called Catholic Epistles ) are books in the New Testament in the form of letters .
Work on a layered model of network architecture was started and the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) began to develop its OSI framework architecture . OSI has two major components : an abstract model of networking , called the Basic Reference Model or seven-layer model , and a set of specific protocols .
Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity .
Vidia craftily tells her that capturing the sprinting thistles would prove her worth .
Although most modern palaeobotany textbooks cite the continuation of glossopterids into later parts of the Triassic and , in some cases into the Jurassic , these ranges are erroneous and are based on misidentification of morphologically similar leaves such as Gontriglossa , Sagenopteris , or Mexiglossa .
The English country house is generally accepted as a large house or mansion , once in the ownership of an individual who also usually owned another great house in town allowing one to spend time in the country and in the city .
Abbas I ends the Uzbek raids on his lands .
In the cleansing rite after his return , he begot Amaterasu ( the sun goddess ) from his left eye , Tsukuyomi ( the moon god ) from his right eye and Susanoo ( tempest or storm god ) from his nose .
About the same time , in August 882 , Carloman became sole king owing to his brother 's death , but the kingdom was in a deplorable condition partly owing to incursions from the Norman raiders , and his power was very circumscribed .
The popularity of rhythm games has created a market for speciality input devices .
There are sizable Swedish communities in Minnesota , Ohio , Maryland , Philadelphia and Delaware , along with small isolated pockets in Pennsylvania , San Francisco , Fort Lauderdale , and New York .
Damage to schools alone was estimated at # 100 million .
The many historical and spiritual sites around the lake , especially its main town Tiberias , are visited by millions of local and foreign tourists annually .
Laon ( ) is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Dynamic equivalence ( also known as functional equivalence ) attempts to convey the thought expressed in a source text ( if necessary , at the expense of literalness , original word order , the source text 's grammatical voice , etc. ) , while formal equivalence attempts to render the text word-for-word ( if necessary , at the expense of natural expression in the target language ) .
The most notable hurricane of the season was Hurricane Flora .
The attack is notable for requiring only a handful of known plaintexts to perform ; previous methods of cryptanalysis , such as linear and differential cryptanalysis , often require unrealistically large numbers of known or chosen plaintexts .
Our sibling project has the goal of creating a dictionary .
The Key lime ( Citrus aurantifolia ) is a citrus species with a globose fruit , 2.5 - 5 cm in diameter ( 1 - 2 in ) , that is yellow when ripe but usually picked green commercially . It is smaller , seedier , has a higher acidity , a stronger aroma , and a thinner rind than that of the Persian lime ( Citrus x latifolia ) .
Mitsuyuki Yoshihiro is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ehime F.C. .
The founding of the ANC was in direct response to perceived injustice against black South Africans at the hands of their white , mostly Afrikaner government .
The name of the collection is Egérie and it is the first one to include watches for women .
The Orion constellation was called Frigg 's distaff or Freyja 's distaff ( Frejerock ) .
It is more likely that he was trained by Giuliano 's father Francesco di Luca Verrocchio , who was a rich and successful goldsmith and knew Andrea as a youth .
Largny-sur-Automne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In addition to his political achievements , Earl Grey famously gives his name to an aromatic blend of tea .
Until 2006 , the Central Bank bombing was the deadliest LTTE bombing of the civil war .
The forward thrust is proportional to the mass of the airstream multiplied by the change in velocity of the airstream .
His father , Dick Zimmer , was a Republican congressman from New Jersey from 1991 through 1997 .
Hylochoerus meinertzhageni Giant Forest Hog
The Raw is War logo and name were retired in September 2001 , following the September 11 attacks and sensitivity over the word war , and because the Monday Night Wars were '' over '' .
The games were last held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil in 2007 .
Throughout his 18 year career , O'Neal has used his size and strength to overpower opponents for points and rebounds .
The stomach needs only to push food into the small intestine when the intestine is not busy . While the intestine is full and still digesting food , the stomach acts as storage for food .
Futurama was originally produced as four seasons ; Fox broadcast it out of the intended order resulting in five seasons .
South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer , with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch , Franschoek , Paarl and Barrydale .
Rolling Stone link
The total area is 22.77 km , which gives a population density of 791 inhabitants per km .
The Myspace Bus An inactive bus was parked at the festival grounds , provided by Myspace , in which the artists and bands were available to meet .
He is Member of Parliament for North Shropshire , being first elected at the 1997 general election and has won at all general elections there since .
Construction of the wind farm , which is budgeteted for # 600 million , is scheduled to start in early 2009 and expected to finish in 2011 .
Micheline Anne-Marie Calmy-Rey ( born 8 July 1945 ) is a Swiss politician who is head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs -- i.e. , the Swiss foreign minister .
Extreme Rules ( 2009 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on June 7 , 2009 at the New Orleans Arena in New Orleans , Louisiana .
The two men may perform anal sex , with the woman masturbating or fellating the receiving man .
The Garuda ( Sanskrit : , eagle ; P li ; , ; Tamil : karutan ; Thai\/Lao\/Khmer : khrut ) is a large mythical bird or bird-like creature that appears in both Hindu and Buddhist mythology .
This hold up is still considered to be the largest ever gold robbery in Australia 's history .
Claude Lévi-Strauss ( ; born 28 November 1908 ) is a French anthropologist .
According to Maerz and Paul in their Dictionary of Color , the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in English was in 1858 .
Initially working as hairdresser , by season two she works as a secretary for Joey 's agent Bobbie , having impressed Bobbie with her brash manner .
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue (/O1988/O)
He was buried in a cadaver tomb in Saint Denis Basilica .
Her works address sociopolitical topics , in terms of artistic style Reichel uses mirroring and distortion .
Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon .
As the Union armies advanced through the Confederacy , thousands of slaves were freed each day until nearly all ( approximately 4 million , according to the 1860 census ) were freed by July 1865 .
Like Poseidon , Neptune was worshipped by the Romans also as a god of horses , under the name Neptunus Equester , a patron of horse-racing .
Depending on its processing and thermal history , polyethylene terephthalate may exist both as an amorphous ( transparent ) and as a semi-crystalline material .
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was inspired by a poem '' Snowed Under '' was the only b-side played live during 2004 , 2005 and early 2006 , because of its appearance on the CD+DVD version of Hopes and Fears , as well as in the Japanese version of it .
Carmen : A Hip Hopera is a 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend .
The treaty , however , never came into force because Japan failed to ratify it .
The Snowball Earth hypothesis posits that the Earth 's surface became entirely or nearly entirely frozen at least once , some time earlier than 650 million years ago .
They are also part of the chain of holders of the office of Caliph , as recognized by most Muslims , the only period in which the Shia Imamate and the Caliphate were united to any degree , excepting the Caliphate of Ali himself .
The familiar diamond-shaped roller pantograph was invented by John Q. Brown of the Key System shops for their commuter trains which ran between San Francisco and the East Bay section of the San Francisco Bay Area in California .
, and the 8th largest in the Netherlands CBS Statline - Bevolking ; ontwikkeling in gemeenten met 100 000 of meer inwoners .
Their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a Playboy spread .
Discovery and observations Metis was discovered in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe and was provisionally designated as .
All songs arranged by Sam Totman , Herman Li , Vadim Pruzhanov , ZP Theart and Adrian Lambert .
The Australian Antarctic Division administers the area primarily by maintaining three year-round stations ( Mawson , Davis and Casey ) , which support various research projects .
John Gager 's book entitled Curse Tablets and Binding Spells from the Ancient World , explains that scholars from Antiquity , like Christian philosopher Clement of Alexandria ( ca .
The Class 37s are known to railway enthusiasts as '' Tractors '' , a nickname derived from the similarity of the sound of the locomotive .
Matthew Thomas Connolly ( born 24 September 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a defender .
It is a national television company in Canada .
Shaftesbury , as a founder of the Whig movement , exerted great influence on Locke 's political ideas .
In 1972 , he negotiated Irish membership of the European Economic Community ( EEC ) , a process that was completed in 1973 .
Manchester lies within one of the UK 's largest metropolitan areas ; the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester had an estimated population of 2,600,100 , the Greater Manchester Urban Area a population of 2,240,230 , and the Larger Urban Zone around Manchester , the second-most-populous in the UK , had an estimated population in the 2004 Urban Audit of 2,539,100 .
Craig Alexander Newmark ( born 6 December 1952 ) is an Internet entrepreneur best known for being the founder of the San Francisco-based international website Craigslist .
LEAGUE = NL
A clip of a new song '' Prom Dress '' was released on the Popjustice website on December 8 , 2009 .
Paolo Pulici ( born 27 April 1950 at Roncello ) is a former Italian international footballer who played in the 1970s .
The town is a destination on the A129 , linking it to the neighbouring towns of Brentwood and Wickford .
The track does not necessarily have to be a complete circuit , as shuttle roller coasters exhibit . Most roller coasters have multiple cars in which passengers sit and are restrained .
Baker 's father asked Clayton to listen to his daughter playing her signature '' One Dime Blues '' .
Only then , on 13 March 1938 , did Seyss-Inquart join the National Socialist party .
Ulf Kirsten ( born December 4 , 1965 in Riesa , East Germany ) is a former German football ( soccer ) striker , the first player in history to reach a total 100 caps playing with two different national teams .
Clunes station , featuring in the movie ` Mad Max ' , was opened in the same year .
Stefano Fiore ( born April 17 , 1975 in Cosenza ) is an Italian football player who can play as an attacking midfielder or on the wing .
March 19 & ndash ; Ashikaga Yoshikatsu , Japanese shogun ( d. 1443 )
Kim Dae-Eui ( ; born 30 May 1974 ) is a South Korean football player who plays for Home United FC as a winger and attacker .
Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata entered into the history of Argentine football with a famous team known as '' El Expreso '' ( The Express ) .
It is paired with Ottawa , the capital of Canada .
Longitudinal and cross-sectional schematic view of Rabies virus
The Tours of Belgium and Luxembourg will continue as such .
He then attended the Darmstadt University of Technology , where he received his diploma in physics in 1966 and his Ph.D. in 1969 .
By comparison , in the Julian calendar , 300 out of every 400 years were common years .
Lisa Lampanelli ( born Lisa Lampugnale ; July 19 , 1961 ) , often referred to as Comedy 's Lovable Queen of Mean , is an American stand-up comedian and insult comic .
The Victoria Falls or Mosi-oa-Tunya ( the Smoke that Thunders ) is a waterfall located in southern Africa on the Zambezi River between the countries of Zambia and Zimbabwe .
The band is credited as one of the '' Big Four '' thrash metal bands , along with Metallica , Anthrax and Megadeth .
She decided to become a professional wrestler after talking to Empire Wrestling Federation ( EWF ) superstar Mike Henderson in 2000 .
Letts is a city in Louisa County , Iowa , United States .
Arp Schnitger ( born July 2 , 1648 in Schmalenfleth , buried July 28 , 1719 ) was a highly influential German organ builder .
He was also a recurring character on the popular NBC soap opera Days of our Lives ( 1988 - 1989 ; see [ ] ) .
Compression of a gas naturally increases its temperature , often referred to as the heat of compression .
S.A. ( corporation ) , a type of corporation in various countries
Yudhoyono was inaugurated as president on 20 October 2004 .
Vessels carry one or more temporary anchors which may be of different designs and weights .
Landsberg Prison is a penal facility located in the town of Landsberg am Lech in the southwest of the German state of Bavaria , about 30 miles ( 65 km ) west of Munich and 35 kilometers south of Augsburg .
The heterodox Christian therefore remains in the tradition and attempts to stimulate constructive dialog around issues with which they disagree .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
After being rejected by many American record labels they signed with Columbia\/CBS Records Canada and began recording their first album March 20 , 1980 with Mike Reno on lead vocals , Paul Dean as the guitarist , Scott Smith as the bassist , Doug Johnson on keyboards and Matt Frenette on drums .
Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States .
English translation For our country , For our forefathers , United let us march .
Krassimir Guenchev Balakov ( born 29 March 1966 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer and a key member of the Bulgarian national team that finished fourth in the 1994 FIFA World Cup .
Lilongwe is served by Malawi Railways and Axa Bus company , and local buses and minibuses run between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban centres , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .
The 2006 film Ten Canoes captures life in Arnhem Land through a story tapping into the aboriginal mythic past ; it was co-directed by one of the indigenous cast members .
Chimay a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
This is an article on the subjects of international law .
He was previously Speaker of the National Assembly ( 1993-1997 ) and a Federal Minister ( 1985-1986 , 1989-1990 ) .
Das Rheingold , considerably shorter than its three successors , consists of four scenes performed without a break .
The New York Times Accessed December 23 , 2008 Prior to this , Tresca had supported the Bolsheviks , reasoning that a Communist state was preferable to a capitalist state , regarding Soviet Communists as allies in the fight against Fascism .
Robert William '' Robbie '' Savage ( born 18 October 1974 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
While many cities in England are quite large in size , such as Birmingham , Manchester , Liverpool , Leeds , Newcastle , Bradford , Nottingham and others , a large population is not necessarily a prerequisite for a settlement to be afforded city status .
A sea anchor is an unrelated device : a drogue used to control a drifting vessel .
The Christmas tree is a decorated artificial or living tree , a popular tradition associated with the celebration of Christmas .
He studied at The Queen 's College , Oxford , from 1973 to 1976 , where he received a first-class degree in Physics .
The band is famous for '' Script Ohio , '' during which the band marches single-file through the curves of the word '' Ohio '' , much like a pen writes the word , all the while playing the French march '' Le Regiment de Sambre et Meuse .
The Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) , originally the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America , is a United States non-profit business and trade association to advance the business interests of movie studios .
In 1668 he died , just before of the birth of his fifth son , Willam Augustus , who became the new Duke of Saxe-Eisenach from his birth , under the guardianship of his uncle John George .
Homer grows hair , and is given a promotion at work which allows him to hire a secretary named Karl .
In 1899 , he exhibited with the Nabis at Durand-Ruel 's .
Unofficial mottoes include : '' The glory of God is intelligence '' Nussbaum , Martha .
At one point on December 4 it was thought that Epsilon had briefly weakened into a tropical storm , but later re-analysis showed that it had remained a hurricane .
Panofsky , 122 , note 1 The roof beams in rooms in the Vatican Virgil , from about 400 CE , are shown converging , more or less , on a common vanishing point , but this is not systematically related to the rest of the composition .
In Formula One , in the so called '' Turbo Era '' of until , Renault , Honda , BMW , and Ferrari produced engines with a capacity of 1500 c able to generate 1000 t. Renault was the first manufacturer to apply turbo technology in F1 .
Founded as Verdi Football Club in July 1913 , the club changed its name in December of the same year .
Tennis Borussia Berlin is a German football club based in Berlin-Westend .
It is situated 175 k south of Perth 's central business district ( CBD ) .
Dynamic equivalence ( also known as functional equivalence ) attempts to convey the thought expressed in a source text ( if necessary , at the expense of literalness , original word order , the source text 's grammatical voice , etc. ) , while formal equivalence attempts to render the text word-for-word ( if necessary , at the expense of natural expression in the target language ) .
He played baseball as the second baseman for the provincial champion Rosedales in Manitoba .
He was a former Italian international .
He wears boots , gloves , a kerchief , and a ten-gallon hat .
They are also called mud dragons .
In 1976 , after Iceland threatened to close a major NATO base in retaliation , a compromise between the two states was agreed that eventually allowed a maximum of 24 British trawlers access to the disputed 200 nautical mile ( 370 km ) limit .
Patrick Mercer ( C )
In restaurants , pizza can be baked in an oven with stone bricks above the heat source , an electric deck oven , a conveyor belt oven or , in the case of more expensive restaurants , a wood - or coal-fired brick oven .
William Morris '' Billy '' Hughes , CH , KC ( 25 September 1862 -- 28 October 1952 ) , Australian politician , was the seventh Prime Minister of Australia from 1915 to 1923 .
King has conducted some 40,000 interviews with politicians , athletes , entertainers , and other newsmakers .
On the same day , with representatives of the Royals and Dodgers present , Robinson formally signed his contract with the Royals .
See also Source text Primary source Tertiary source References Jules R. Benjamin .
Anthony Frank '' Birdman '' Hawk ( born May 12 , 1968 ) , better known as Tony Hawk , is an American professional skateboarder .
Among its most prominent figures were Joseph Bates , James White , and Ellen G. White .
Tulsa Community College & ndash ; Tulsa , Oklahoma
The term is derived from the Latin word sacramentum , which was used to translate the Greek word for mystery .
Saudi citizens have also contributed significantly to mosques in the Islamic world , especially in countries where they see Muslims as poor and oppressed .
William Amherst , 1st Earl Amherst , Governor-General of India from August 1823 to February 1828
In 2003 , the album was ranked number 417 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time .
Although very uncommon and only used in modern classical music , a triple flat can sometimes be found .
April 21 -- Manfred Von Richthofen , aka '' The Red Baron '' , World war one 's most successful fighter pilot , dies in combat at Morlancourt Ridge near the Somme River .
Loyall is a city in Harlan County , Kentucky , United States .
As they leave , he locks all the bedroom doors to prevent the intruder from escaping .
It has the second oldest unbroken tradition although the May Queen of All London Festival at Hayes Common in Bromley is a close contender .
Octavio Paz Lozano ( March 31 , 1914 April 19 , 1998 ) was a Mexican writer , poet , and diplomat , and the winner of the 1990 Nobel Prize for Literature .
This has been suggested as one possible origin for the practice of traffic in Britain driving on the leftWays of the World : A History of the World 's Roads and of the Vehicles That Used Them , M. G. Lay & James E. Vance , Rutgers University Press 1992 , Page 199 .
Cunnilingus is the act of a man or another woman performing oral sex using the mouth , lips , and tongue to stimulate the female sex organs .
It was the second most intensive storm on the planet in 1989 , when Voyager 2 flew by the planet .
Ukraine timeline , BBC News
The four smaller inner planets , Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars , also called the terrestrial planets , are primarily composed of rock and metal .
Ichtegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders 15 km southwest of Bruges .
Mattel held a distribution arrangement with Bluebird Toys for Polly Pocket items in the early-1990s .
Scored in the 88th minute , the live footage of the goal still regularly features on national television , and the audio commentary ( '' Tor Tor Tor Tor Tor Tor , I werd ' narrisch '' - '' Goal goal goal goal goal goal , I 'm going crazy '' ) is immediately recognized by Austrian football fans .
The basalt image originally was stationed at Medinet-Habu , as part of the cultic celebration of the Pharaonic '' Sed-Festival , '' but was transferred at some point to Herakleopolis and the temple of Herishef .
The word '' globe '' comes from the Latin word globus , meaning round mass or sphere .
Apple iPod touch First Impressions Review Officially , Apple requires iTunes to be installed on either a Mac OS X or Windows operating system based computer for configuring the iPod Touch .
To prevent another overwhelming audition season , minimum age of eighteen was later set during the 2006 season .
The album was preceded by a duet with Mariah Carey on the Phil Collins ' classic '' Against All Odds ( Take a Look at Me Now ) '' and the original song , '' My Love '' ( the song that bagged their second ` Record of the Year ' award ) .
He also placed third at the 2006 International Finger Style Guitar Championship in Winfield , Kansas .
The Godfather is a 1972 American crime film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay by Puzo , Coppola , and Robert Towne ( uncredited ) .
It is situated in the northeast of Berlin .
Alexander made the hire while Dodd was still a student at Tennessee .
She had also recently lost her parents , Larry and Jenny Carney , when their Arkansas home was destroyed by a 1996 tornado .
Virgin Records is a British record label founded by English entrepreneur Richard Branson , Simon Draper , and Nik Powell in 1972 .
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) is a term used to refer to the standard framework of guidelines for financial accounting used in any given jurisdiction ; generally known as Accounting Standards .
The Blue-Throated Hummingbird , Lampornis clemenciae , is a species of hummingbird , a member of the Trochilidae family of birds .
Beginning with a few pages he had removed from the earlier novel , Twain began work on a manuscript he originally titled Huckleberry Finn 's Autobiography .
Destruction is a German thrash metal band .
The clockwork mechanism in a room below weighs 5 tons .
In contrast , the bulk of the continental crust is much older .
The Union Council of Salhad is named after what was the main village of the area , but has now effectively become a suburb of Abbottabad city .
In 2007 , it ranked # 76 on '' The Top 100 Canadian Albums '' by Bob Mersereau and # 33 on The Top 102 New Rock Albums of All Time by 102.1 The Edge ( in 2009 ) .
Its population as of July 2008 is estimated at 466,741 by the United States Census Bureau 's American Community Survey .
The following month , Orton was a participant in the annual elimination match of Team SmackDown against Team Raw at Survivor Series .
Upon hearing of the Spanish-American War , Burnham rushed home to volunteer his services , but before he could get to the fighting the war was already over .
On November 19 , 2001 , Linkin Park Underground , Linkin Park 's exclusive fan club , was launched .
The SS was formed in 1925 as a personal guard unit for Nazi leader Adolf Hitler ( '' Die Schutz-Staffel der NSDAP '' Squadron of the NSDAP ) .
Christopher Allen Lloyd ( born October 22 , 1938 ) is an American actor known for his gruff , eloquent voice .
He later continued studying in Vienna with Abbé Vogler ( Georg Joseph Vogler ) , founder of three important music schools ( in Mannheim , Stockholm , and Darmstadt ) ; another famous pupil of Vogler was Giacomo Meyerbeer , who became a close friend of Weber .
These treaties ended the Thirty Years ' War ( 1618 -- 1648 ) in the Holy Roman Empire , and the Eighty Years ' War ( 1568 -- 1648 ) between Spain and the Dutch Republic .
A natural vegetation limit with altitude is given by the presence of the chief deciduous trees- oak , beech , ash and sycamore maple .
Pre-NHL career Gardiner played junior ice hockey with the Winnipeg Tigers of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League ( MJHL ) for three seasons , from 1921 to 1924 .
They tend to live in herds and will eat less coarse , easily digestible plants and leaves .
In 2000 , Fey began performing in sketches , and she and Jimmy Fallon became co-anchors of SNL 's Weekend Update segment .
Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the East Coast of North America from Florida to presumably Newfoundland in 1524 .
Park Chung-hee ( 30 September 1917 -- 26 October 1979 ) was a Republic of Korea Army general and the President of South Korea ( the Republic of Korea ) from 1961 to 1979 .
He has played forty times for the Polish national football team .
Since that time , Wario has developed into the protagonist and antihero of the Wario Land and WarioWare series , spanning handheld and home console markets , in addition to his numerous appearances in spin-offs in the Mario series .
Basil is impressed by Dorian 's beauty and becomes infatuated with him , believing his beauty is responsible for a new mode in his art .
The city is known for its amphitheatre , which was restored in 1978 .
Cameron Michael Neely ( born June 6 , 1965 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player . He played right wing for the Vancouver Canucks and Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League from 1983 to 1996 .
Excavations , begun in 1954 under the direction of Dr. Charles Camp and Dr. Samuel Welles of the University of California , Berkeley , were continued by Camp throughout the 60s .
It is her seventh solo studio album and the follow-up to her 2003 album What the World Needs Now Is Love and her holiday-themed 2006 release A Classic Christmas .
Originally from Ohio , Keenan spent his high school and college years in Michigan .
The Federal Council was instituted by the 1848 Federal Constitution as the '' supreme executive and directorial authority of the Confederation '' .
In total , 53 tornadoes formed in six states as a result of Katrina .
Alfredo Eduardo Barreto de Freitas Noronha , better known as Noronha ( 25 September 1918 27 July 2003 ) , was a Brazilian football player .
Although STE is regulated for use in the aerospace industry , other industries have used it as a basis for developing their own controlled English standards .
Lorenzo made landfall in central Mexico south-southwest of Tuxpan as a Category 1 hurricane with 75 mph ( 120 km/h ) winds on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Macogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In one sense , secularism may assert the right to be free from religious rule and teachings , and the right to freedom from governmental imposition of religion upon the people within a state that is neutral on matters of belief .
He is best known for his 2005 album Illinois , which hit number one in the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart , and for the song '' Chicago '' .
In many of these countries serfdom was abolished during the Napoleonic invasions of the early 19th century .
Fundamentalism as a movement arose in the United States , starting among conservative Presbyterian theologians at Princeton Theological Seminary in the late 19th century .
Saint-Ciers-d'Abzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
or dimensions of the photosensor for digital cameras .
One percent of children born with this syndrome live to age 10 , typically in less severe cases of the mosaic Edwards syndrome .
August 5 & ndash ; Emperor Charles V and Francis I of France sign the Treaty of Cambrai , or the '' Ladies ' Peace '' .
When the rioters entered the Bastille , they collected cartridges and gunpowder for their weapons and then freed the seven prisoners ( which they had to do by breaking down the doors , since the keys had already been taken off and paraded through the streets ) .
The route from Tsim Sha Tsui Station to Shek Kip Mei Station opened in December 1979 .
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of the J-League .
The Soviets and Americans never went to combat , but there were important civil wars in Korea and Vietnam , and smaller civil wars elsewhere , along with large-scale preparations for war through an arms race , a Space Race , military coalitions , force deployments , economic aid to states deemed vulnerable , espionage , propaganda , and intellectual debates .
Photography has many uses for business , science , manufacturing ( f.i. Photolithography ) , art , and recreational purposes .
He received a scholarship to the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia where he studied from 1993 to 1996 and began singing in student opera productions in the repertory that is still his specialty today , Rossini and the bel canto operas of Bellini and Donizetti .
Theobromine is an isomer of theophylline , as well as paraxanthine .
Encyclopedia2 .
Many English composers of Butterworth 's time set Housman 's poetry , including Ralph Vaughan Williams .
James Dennis Alan '' Denny '' Hamlin ( born November 18 , 1980 ) is an American race car driver .
He added that this time around '' They 've got a different set of problems ... because you 've got 13 dwarves , a whole band of them ... You 're trying to represent a whole race ... You 're trying to do for dwarves what ` The Lord of the Rings ' did for hobbits '' .
Connected with 54-floor Emirates Office Tower by a retail boulevard , the two towers form the Emirates Towers complex . At a structural height of 309 metres ( 1,014 ft ) , Emirates Towers Hotel is the smaller of the two of the sister towers .
In 1814 , during the War of 1812 , the mansion was set ablaze by the British Army in the Burning of Washington , destroying the interior and charring much of the exterior .
Juelz Santana , Fullmetal ( June 11 , 2007 ) .
Marin Alsop ( born October 16 , 1956 ) is an American conductor and violinist .
Stacy London ( born May 25 , 1969 ) is an American fashion consultant and media personality known primarily for her role as co-host on What Not to Wear , a reality program that features makeovers .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
Alan White ( born 14 June 1949 ) is an English rock drummer known for his work with the progressive rock band Yes .
A school union is two or more school departments that share a superintendent but nothing else ; each town has an independent school board .
A traveler 's cheque ( also traveller 's cheque , travellers cheque , traveller 's check or traveler 's check ) is a preprinted , fixed-amount cheque designed to allow the person signing it to make an unconditional payment to someone else as a result of having paid the issuer for that privilege .
Yellowstone National Park has a mountainside containing obsidian located between Mammoth Hot Springs and the Norris Geyser Basin , and deposits can be found in many other western U.S. states including Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , Texas , Utah , OregonOregon Obsidian Sources and Idaho .
Music : In Theory and Practice , Vol .
Virgin Killer is the fourth studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20 , 1986 and was given the temporary designation S/1986 U 7 .
As the city 's demographics stabilized , labor unionization brought new protections and affluence to the working class , the city 's government and infrastructure underwent a dramatic overhaul under La Guardia .
After a short period of freedom she was again arrested for making inflammatory speeches .
Others are breeding Labradoodle to Labradoodle over successive generations , and trying to establish a new dog breed .
Byzantium was rebuilt by Septimius Severus , now emperor , and quickly regained its previous prosperity .
Most companies are formed of three to five platoons although the exact number may vary by country , unit type , and structure .
The most notable storm of 1979 was Hurricane David , a Category 5 storm on the Saffir- Simpson Hurricane Scale that killed over 2,000 people , mostly in the Dominican Republic , and caused nearly 1.5 billion dollars in damage ( 1979 USD ) . Hurricane Frederic , which caused $ 2.3 billion ( 1979 US dollars and became the most expensive hurricane in United States history when it made landfall near the border between Mississippi and Alabama .
Infamous while he lived , Caravaggio was forgotten almost immediately after his death , and it was only in the 20th century that his importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered .
Thueyts
Ottobrunn is also the German Headquarter of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company ( EADS ) , although technically , most of the EADS grounds belongs to the neighbouring community Taufkirchen .
My Name Is Earl is an American Comedy series created by Greg Garcia that was originally broadcast on the NBC television network from September 20 , 2005 to May 14 , 2009 in the United States .
British Journal of Psychology , Volume : 95 Part : 2 Page : 161-177 psychiatry , Greyson , Bruce (/O2003/O) , '' Near-Death Experiences in a Psychiatric Outpatient Clinic Population '' , Psychiatric Services , Dec. , Vol .
Tony Blair 's Labor government was elected in 1997 , and was committed to bringing back London-wide government .
He played his entire career for the club Ajax Amsterdam , which he later coached , and was a member of the Netherlands national team both as a player and as manager .
The SFU bought some land and built the first Murrayfield which was opened on 21 March 1925 .
Just before the Armistice of Mudros was signed , Andranik was on the way from Zangezur to Shushi , to control the main city of Karabakh .
The city of Gyeongju was united with the nearby rural Gyeongju County in 1995 and is now an urban- rural complex .
She plays poker each week with them and also runs the onboard theater troupe , being a skilled actress and director .
Of these , the lizards form a paraphyletic group ( since '' lizards '' excludes the sub-clade of snakes ) .
For convenience , Egyptologists arbitrarily choose to pronounce her name as '' ee-set '' .
In recent years , the county was declared a disaster area in September 1979 due to damage from Hurricane Frederic , in July 1997 due to Hurricane Danny , in September 1998 from Hurricane Georges in September 2004 due to damage from Hurricane Ivan and again in August 2005 due to damage from Hurricane Katrina .
Villefranche-de-Rouergue ( Vilafranca in Occitan ) is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France .
When the Empire discovers the Rebel base on Hoth , Luke leads his squadron to cover the evacuation .
Rio de Janeiro represents the second largest GDP in the country ( and 30th largest in the world ) , estimated at about 140 billion reais ( IBGE\/2007 ) , and is the headquarters of two major Brazilian companies - Petrobras and Vale , and major oil companies and telephony in Brazil , besides the largest conglomerate of media and communications companies in Latin America , the Globo Organizations .
In addition to downloading data linked to by .
Wikipedia : Citing sources explains process and standards for citing references in articles .
M * A * S * H Starting in 1972 , Swit played Major Margaret '' Hot Lips '' Houlihan in the television series M * A * S * H . She inherited the star-making role from similarly large-mouthed actress Sally Kellerman , who portrayed Houlihan in the feature film .
Licensed to Jackson , Kentucky , United States , the station is currently owned by Intermountain Broadcasting Co. , Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
In April 1959 , Simpson set off to live in the Breton fishing port of Saint-Brieuc , France , hoping to win enough local amateur races to get noticed by a professional cycling team .
Napalm 877 was used in flamethrowers and bombs by American and Allied forces to increase the deadliness of its predecessors .
Based on the materials used in the heating plates , hair irons can be classified as ceramic and traditional metal flat irons .
After obtaining his PhD in mathematics , Husserl began analyzing the foundations of mathematics from a psychological point of view .
Graduating from Shaker Heights High School in 1943 , he briefly attended Ohio University in Athens , Ohio , where he was initiated into the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity .
The joint Allied intervention began in August 1918 .
They installed a 1200 m long wire above the town 's roofs , which they were given permission for on 6 May 1833 .
Overview It was contested by 16 teams , and Bohemian F.C. won the championship .
It featured the 1957 World Championship of Drivers 1974 FIA Yearbook , Grey section , pages 118-119 which commenced on January 13 , 1957 and ended on September 8 after eight races .
This is the usual way to specify division in most computer programming languages since it can easily be typed as a simple sequence of ASCII characters .
Ambush marketing laws planned for rugby , cricket World Cups - Sports - International Herald Tribune For most events of any significance , one brand will pay to become the exclusive and official sponsor of the event in a particular category or categories , and this exclusivity creates a problem for one or more other brands .
However it was partly due to the ongoing civil war that Pizarro was able to triumph .
The explosion caused two deaths and two injuries . 70 miners were trapped .
During its first years , the town was called Glade Spring Depot to differentiate it from the community centered around Glade Spring Presbyterian Church , two miles to the southwest on the old stage road , now U.S. Route 11 . The post office was moved from Old Glade to Glade Spring Depot in 1856 due to the arrival of the railroad .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny , when the British Crown took over all three presidencies .
Charizard , known in Japan as , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
They were armored herbivorous dinosaurs , living from the early Jurassic until the end of the Cretaceous .
She is best known for playing Bella Swan in The Twilight Saga .
Sarasota is a city located in Sarasota County on the southwestern coast of the state of Florida in the United States .
Information about its origin and reign is scarce .
The same is true of the synonyms technical terms , terms of art , shop talk and words of art , which do not necessarily refer to technology or art.Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of LawMcGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern MedicineWest 's Encyclopedia of American Law Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
The city of Karditsa is the capital of Karditsa peripheral unit .
September 13 -- Battle of Ad Decimum : Belisarius defeats the Vandals under Gelimer .
An economic system is the system of production , distribution and consumption of goods and services of an economy .
Sorbo is the spokesman and chair of A World Fit For Kids ! , a non-profit organization that trains teenagers to become mentors to younger children .
Accommodation ( in British usage ) or accommodations ( in American usage ) , lodging in a dwelling or similar living quarters afforded to travellers in hotels or on cruise ships , or prisoners , etc./O.
A skateboard is propelled by pushing with one foot while the other remains on the board , or by pumping one 's legs in structures such as a pool or half pipe .
It is the largest police department in the Midwest and the second largest local law enforcement agency in the United States behind the New York City Police Department . It has over 13,500 sworn officers and over 1,925 other employees .
Talais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For example our Sun has the spectral type G2V , which might be interpreted as '' a ` yellow ' two tenths towards ` orange ' main sequence star '' .
Leroy & Stitch , a follow up to Lilo & Stitch , was released in 2006 .
The exact number is unknown to outsiders and is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 , mostly in the resort town of Atami .
Unexpectedly , increased wind shear did not cause Harvey to weaken significantly , although the storm 's motion did become erratic .
Thus a function is analytic in an open disc centered at b if and only if its Taylor series converges to the value of the function at each point of the disc .
Warner quickly returned to MVP form in 2001 .
He joined the orchestra of an opera company , with which he toured South America in 1886 .
A throne is the official chair or seat upon which a monarch is seated on state or ceremonial occasions .
Many amateurs enjoy playing in large groups or in one-to-a-part chamber groups , and there is a wide variety of music for such groupings including many modern works .
Shawn Lane ( March 21 , 1963 -- September 26 , 2003 ) was an American musician .
Catherine married Henry VIII on 28 July 1540 , at Oatlands Palace in Surrey , almost immediately after the annulment of his marriage to Anne of Cleves was arranged .
Kota Hattori is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
.
The 2008 UEFA Cup Final was the 37th final of the UEFA Cup , UEFA 's second tier club football tournament .
Sablons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
According to contemporary reports , John travelled from Spalding in Lincolnshire to Bishop 's Lynn , in Norfolk , was taken ill and decided to return .
July 13 & ndash ; Arthur Capell , 1st Earl of Essex , English statesman ( b. 1631 )
The album was received with mostly positive reviews .
Choi Sung-Kuk ( born 8 February 1983 ) is a South Korean football Forward , who plays for Suwon Bluewings in K-League .
After his '' release '' from the sharashka in 1947 , Theremin volunteered to remain working with the KGB until 1966 .
For example , saltwater is hypertonic to the fish that live in it .
It is often known as a continent which consists of the continents of Africa and Eurasia ( further divided into Asia and Europe ) .
The crust of the Earth is composed of a great variety of igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary rocks .
The following year , they made Barton Fink ; set in 1941 , a New York playwright ( the eponymous Barton Fink played by John Turturro ) moves to Los Angeles to write a B-movie .
In mechanics , and physics , Hooke 's law of elasticity is an approximation that states that the extension of a spring is in direct proportion with the load added to it as long as this load does not exceed the elastic limit .
January 24 & ndash ; California Gold Rush : James W. Marshall finds gold at Sutter 's Mill , in Coloma , California .
In 2008 , Vengerov announced that he was interrupting his violin career to focus on teaching and conducting .
Claude Stanley Choules ( born 3 March 1901 ) is , at age , one of the last three confirmed World War I veterans in the world , and is the last living witness to the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow .
The Associated Press is an American news agency .
The season was fairly active , with eleven storms forming , of which nine reached hurricane strength .
The Essendon Football Club ( nicknamed The Bombers ) is an Australian rules football club which plays in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
A competition to compose music for the poem was held in 1876 by The Saturday Advertiser and judged by three prominent Melbourne musicians , with a prize of ten guineas .
In Athens , Theseus , Hippolyta and the lovers watch the six workmen perform Pyramus and Thisbe .
The memorial was held on July 7 , 2009 , at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , preceded by a private family service at Forest Lawn Memorial Park 's Hall of Liberty .
Reviews were mixed , with some criticizing the repetitiveness of the music and lackluster ideas , while others praised a more human Manson following his divorce , and a return to the sound of the well-received Mechanical Animals .
An eyelash or simply lash is one of the hairs that grow at the edge of the eyelid .
, the complete English version , Encarta Premium , consisted of more than 62,000 articles , Encarta 2009 Information numerous photos and illustrations , music clips , videos , interactivities , timelines , maps and atlas , and homework tools , and was available on the World Wide Web by yearly subscription or by purchase on DVD-ROM or multiple CD-ROMs .
The show was created by Steven Bochco and David Milch and inspired by Milch 's relationship with Bill Clark , a former member of the New York City Police Department who eventually became one of the show 's producers .
Zeno ( crater ) , a lunar impact crater , named for Zeno of Citium
From the 1850s through to 1893 , when gold mining eventually came to an end , Clunes was an important gold production location in Victoria .
She writes in Chuchu and Ciao magazines .
At SummerSlam , Angle and Guerrero were booked in a match , in which Angle defeated Guerrero after he forced Guerrero to submit to the Ankle lock .
Coffee is a brewed beverage prepared from roasted seeds , commonly called coffee beans , of the coffee plant .
The only known recorded host plant for the White-dotted Cattleheart is Watson 's Pipevine ( Aristolochia watsonii ) .
The viola also sometimes uses treble clef for very high notes .
He studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939 , and also studied mathematics at University College , Exeter ( B. Sc .
The capital is the city of Saitama .
The Vanuatu national football team is the national team of Vanuatu and is controlled by the Vanuatu Football Federation .
Boy ( s ) or The Boy may also refer to :
A poorly built amphitheatre in Fidenae collapses , killing 20,000 of the 50,000 spectators .
It stars Drake Parker ( Drake Bell ) and Josh Nichols ( Josh Peck ) .
Wind shear can be broken down into vertical and horizontal components , with horizontal wind shear seen across fronts and near the coast , and vertical shear typically near the surface , though also at higher levels in the atmosphere near upper level jets and frontal zones aloft .
Isolde , listening to the hunting horns , believes several times that the hunting party is far enough away to warrant the extinguishing of the brazier -- the prearranged signal for Tristan to join her .
The Emu is common over most of mainland Australia , although it avoids heavily populated areas , dense forest , and arid areas .
