April 16 & ndash ; Joseph Black , Scottish physicist and chemist ( d. 1799 )
The Anguidae is a large and diverse family of lizards native to the northern hemisphere .
Harry Catterick ( 26 November 1919 -- 9 March 1985 ) was an English football player and manager . As a player Catterick played for Everton and Crewe Alexandra , in a career that was interrupted by World War II , but he is most notable as a manager .
Edwardstone is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
In November 2004 , he scored pole position in the Macau F3 Grand Prix , where he broke the lap record , but finished second in the race .
Export customers included Denmark and Finland .
Canned spaghetti , kits for making spaghetti , and spaghetti with meatballs became popular , and the dish has become a staple in the U.S.
During his teens , Kurt studied Gabelsberger shorthand , Goethe 's Theory of Colours and criticisms of Isaac Newton , and the writings of Immanuel Kant .
Encryption can be used to protect data '' at rest '' , such as files on computers and storage devices ( e.g. USB flash drives ) .
In a suspended deck bridge , cables suspended via towers hold up the road deck .
An occluded front is formed during the process of cyclogenesis when a cold front overtakes a warm front . When this occurs , the warm air is separated ( occluded ) from the cyclone center at the Earth 's surface .
Evaluate expression , add leading zero to non-negative result ( 10 .
The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River , which then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .
Her paternal grandfather was French .
Lines are marked at distances of 13 m , 20m and 45 m from each end-line .
Jan van Eyck ( or Johannes de Eyck ) ( before c. 1395 - before July 9 , 1441 ) was a Flemish painter active in Bruges and considered one of the best Northern European painters of the 15th century .
Until its closure in 1994 , it was the easternmost point of the Central line , and from 1961 until its closure in 1994 it held the distinction of being the London Underground station farthest from Central London .
Comet Borrelly or Borrelly 's Comet ( official designation : 19P\/Borrelly ) is a periodic comet , which was visited by the spacecraft Deep Space 1 in 2001 .
Australian Skeptics
Ascoli Calcio 1898 is an Italian football club based in Ascoli Piceno , Marche .
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society ( FHI ) is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem , in Berlin , Germany .
hack ( pronounced '' dot-hack '' ) is a Japanese multimedia franchise that encompasses two projects ; Project .
In gardening , annual often refers to a plant grown outdoors in the spring and summer and surviving just for one growing season .
Characteristics of the Schwabacher are : The small letter o is rounded on both sides , though at the top and at the bottom , the two strokes join in an angle .
It was the 28th and final event to be promoted under the In Your House banner .
There is also a wide range of shops , mainly located around the Gotthardstrasse .
The city is the capital of both the Arica Province and the Arica and Parinacota Region .
' , an epic poem by Nikos Kazantzakis
A peace treaty is an agreement between two hostile parties , usually countries or governments , that formally ends an armed conflict .
Cher ( Berrichon : Char ) is an administrative department located in the center of France .
The first Stars team also included high-scoring winger Bill Goldsworthy and other quality players such as Barry Gibbs , Jude Drouin , J. P. Parise , Danny Grant , Lou Nanne , Tom Reid and Dennis Hextall .
O Lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us : as our trust is in thee .
The character , created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , is voiced by Mae Whitman .
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition ; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness , of hope and of yearning .
Gillard had been spoken of as a potential future leader of the party for some years but , until 2005 , she stayed out of leadership contests .
Troy VII has been identified with the Hittite Wilusa , the probable origin of the Greek , and is generally ( but not conclusively ) identified with Homeric Troy .
Lamont is a city in Buchanan County , Iowa , United States .
The state borders Delaware and Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , New York and a water border with Canada to the north , and New Jersey to the east .
The final version was Outlook for Mac 2001 , which was fairly similar to Outlook 2000 and 2002 apart from being exclusively for Exchange users .
The reason for this was a feud over the cannabis market of Copenhagen .
While hurricanes are relatively uncommon in Canada , they do approach or strike from time to time .
He is a six-time Grand Slam singles champion , an Olympic gold medalist , and the youngest-ever winner of the men 's singles title at Wimbledon at the age of 17 .
Chester Burton Atkins ( June 20 , 1924 -- June 30 , 2001 ) , better known as Chet Atkins , was an American guitarist and record producer who created , along with Owen Bradley , the smoother country music style known as the Nashville sound , which expanded country 's appeal to adult pop music fans as well .
The preparation of matcha starts several weeks before harvest , when the tea bushes are covered to prevent direct sunlight .
Unlike most things in the Solar System which move in a round and flat path , the scattered disc is much more erratic .
The heat is transferred to the water in a pressurized boiler , ultimately boiling the water and transforming it into saturated steam .
There have been some studies where dogs were trained to alert impending seizures by using reward-based conditioning -- with partial success .
Troy ( Hittite : Wilusa or Truwisa ; Greek : , Ilion , and , Troia ; Latin : Tr ia and lium ; Tr ia is the typical Latin name for the city .
It has the smallest area of all the Great Lakes and is the only one that does not border Michigan .
They do this by being oxidized themselves , so antioxidants are often reducing agents such as thiols , ascorbic acid or polyphenols .
The organization sets the policies that govern development , operates key infrastructure and controls trademarks and other intellectual property .
Hermann Diels popularized the term pre-socratic in Die Fragmente der Vorsokratiker ( The Fragments of the Pre-Socratics ) in 1903 .
Blockton is a city in Taylor County , Iowa , United States .
The US survey foot is defined so that 1 metre is exactly 39.37 inches ; the international foot is exactly two parts per million shorter .
Cape York Peninsula supports a complex mosaic of intact tropical rainforests , tropical and subtropical grasslands , savannahs , and shrublands tropical savannahs , heath lands , wetlands , wild rivers and mangrove swamps .
IRC Server Request FAQ It is distinct from an IRC bot that connects outbound to an IRC channel .
They include 298 Baptistina , 422 Berolina , 2093 Genichesk , 2259 Sofievka ( the largest , with a 21 km diameter ) , 2952 Lilliputia , 3533 Toyota , 3850 Peltier , 3875 Staehle , 4278 Harvey , 4396 Gressmann , and 4750 Mukai .
It is located at the south end of the Willamette Valley , at the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette rivers , about 50 miles ( 86 km ) east of the Oregon Coast .
Dordrecht ( population 118,390 in 2008 ) is a city and municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland , the Netherlands , and the fourth largest city of the province .
Many disease processes such as diabetes , heart disease , autoimmunity , and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways , further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology , as well as medicine .
El Escorial was , at once , a monastery and a Spanish royal palace .
For the next season they announced a customer deal to receive Ferrari V10 engines while they worked with new sponsors Petronas to construct their own engines .
January 31 & ndash ; Maronite nationalist leader Karam leaves Lebanon aboard a French ship for Algeria .
There is a species of the hammerhead shark that is more aggressive and large in size : the Great Hammerhead . These sharks tend to be more aggressive and eat the squid , octopus , and other hammerhead sharks .
The Tragedy of Macbeth ( commonly called Macbeth ) is a play by William Shakespeare about a regicide and its aftermath .
The second part , the last four chapters , covers the rise and fall of the Independent State of Croatia , and the active support of the Roman Catholic clergy .
Kingsport is the northwest terminus of Interstate 26 .
Honors In 1970 , Virginia Commonwealth University , also located in Richmond , named its main campus library '' James Branch Cabell Library '' in his honor .
User accounts offer a number of preference settings , including the selective display of images .
She taught English and reading in high schools for 13 years , and also taught emotionally disturbed adolescents at a psychiatric hospital .
When he became pope in 1978 , John Paul II was already an avid sportsman .
They sometimes moderate peace negotiations between planets and , if necessary , use their formidable fighting skills to quickly end unrest .
It may be very hard to reintroduce EW species into the wild , even if their natural habitats were restored .
The technology has existed since the Roman use of Hypocaust heating .
It is a term most often applied in the arts ( i.e. , music , literature , and performance ) .
This branch of microbiology is amongst the most widely studied and followed branches due to its great importance to medicine .
A new album , titled Ur jordens djup , was released March , 2007 .
Jefferson Parish is considered part of the Greater New Orleans Area .
Dietrich 's most lasting contribution to film history was as the star of a series of six films directed by von Sternberg at Paramount between 1930 and 1935 : Morocco , Dishonored , Shanghai Express , Blonde Venus , The Scarlet Empress , and The Devil is a Woman .
Although he spent the majority of his life in England , he was born in Wales , where he also died .
Fanning is the younger sister of Dakota Fanning , also an actress .
The is the smallest of the six original and distinct breeds of dog from Japan .
Lumley starred for several years with the Owen Sound Mercurys and later with the Owen Sound Orphans ( who were called that because they could not find a sponsor ) and then the Barrie Colts .
They speak Igbo , which includes various Igboid languages and dialects ; today , a majority of them speak English alongside Igbo as a result of British colonialism .
However , they reunited around 1994 and recorded a reunion album , Oddities , Abnormalities and Curiosities , in the following year , then a tour followed .
It depicts a small plastic crucifix submerged in a glass of the artist 's urine .
White House glamour Renovation Nancy Reagan became the First Lady of the United States when Ronald Reagan was inaugurated as president in January 1981 .
Sir Hugh Stephen Orde , OBE , QPM is currently Chief Constable and President of the Association of Chief Police Officers , representing the 44 police forces of England , Wales and Northern Ireland . Between 2002-2009 he was the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) .
Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This species is a very large kangaroo with short , red-brown fur , fading to pale buff below and on the limbs .
The trains have special equipment on board to monitor the condition of the track and overhead wire , including special instrumented bogies and observation blisters .
It is located in the centre of Switzerland .
It covers some of the most arid parts of the continent ; with a total land area of , it is the fourth largest of Australia 's six states and two territories .
Shotton is the co-author of John Lennon : In my Life ( 1983 , republished later as The Beatles , Lennon and Me ) , which told the story of their friendship , from the age of six until Lennon 's death .
It is Mary 's '' strong , original opinions '' and her resistance to '' conventional wisdom '' that mark her as a genius .
An important class are the simple acyclic alcohols , the general formula for which is CnH2n +1 OH .
Paradise Room
The moons were provisionally designated S/2005 P 1 ( Hydra ) and S/2005 P 2 ( Nix ) .
Mar del Plata is an Argentine city located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean , 400 k south of Buenos Aires .
Palak , one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan
A four-seam fastball is a variant of the fastball .
Dirt sheet an insider newsletter ( or website ) in the professional wrestling business .
Courboin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Conventionally , the string with the highest pitch ( the thinnest ) is called the first string , and the string having the lowest pitch is called the sixth .
To the North , a low ridge separates it from the upper Thames Valley , holding back the soft Jurassic sedimentary deposits ( Greensand , Gault and Kimmeridge Clay ) behind a hard corallian limestone escarpment ridge , in what is technically a hanging valley ; but local usage sometimes extends the vale to cover all the ground between the Cotswolds ( on the north ) and the White Horse Hills .
The metropolitan state is the state that owns the colony .
The Southern Vampire Mysteries is a series of books written by The New York Times bestselling author Charlaine Harris , first published in 2001 .
For example , a descriptive system widely adopted in Australia is based on structural characteristics based on life-form , plus the height and amount of foliage cover of the tallest layer or dominant species .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' was written as a poem in the 1870s by Irish-born , Victorian-raised immigrant Thomas Bracken of Dunedin , a freemason .
Groups influenced by Pythagoras Influence on Plato Pythagoras or in a broader sense , the Pythagoreans , allegedly exercised an important influence on the work of Plato .
Java Embedding Plugin ( JEP ) enables Java on Mac OS X with non Safari browsers .
The North East MRT Line ( NEL ) is the third Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore and the world 's second longest fully-underground , automated and driverless , rapid transit line after Singapore 's Circle MRT Line .
If you need help , check out Questions , ask me on my talk page , or place on your talk page and ask your question there .
In late Roman times , the provincial boundaries were reorganized to form the Diocese of Macedonia , consisting of most of modern mainland Greece right across the Aegean to include Crete , southern Albania , and parts of modern-day Bulgaria and the Republic of Macedonia .
It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken , a legendary sea monster .
Mary Shelley ( née Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin ; 30 August 1797 -- 1 February 1851 ) was a British novelist , short story writer , dramatist , essayist , biographer , and travel writer , best known for her Gothic novel Frankenstein : or , The Modern Prometheus (/O1818/O) .
The Free State of Thuringia ( , ) is a state of Germany , located in the central part of the country .
It was the 11th and final event under the No Way Out name and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
Parachutes has spawned the hit singles '' Shiver '' , '' Yellow '' , '' Trouble '' , and '' Do n't Panic '' .
Jack Vance 's Dying Earth books show considerable stylistic resemblances to Cabell ; Cugel the Clever in those books bears a strong resemblance , not least in his opinion of himself , to Jurgen .
In 1996 it was the scene of the worst mass murder event in post-colonial Australian history .
Na'od succeeds his nephew Amda Seyon II as Emperor of Ethiopia .
By 2006 , 20 % of PSNI officers were Catholic , compared with just 8.3 % of the old RUC .
The closest inhabited place is Tongareva ( Penrhyn Island ) , to the southwest .
Rehearsing and performing Morse 's compositions at the University of Miami brought some attention to his credibility as a composer and player .
John Fullerton MacArthur , Jr. ( born June 19 , 1939 in Los Angeles , California ) is a United States evangelical writer and minister , noted for his radio program entitled Grace to You and as the editor of the Gold Medallion Book Award winning MacArthur Study Bible .
It is a main exporter of wood , as well as a significant producer of both coffee and cocoa , it is also an important cattle breeder .
Along the way , she meets Natsu Dragneel , a teenage boy looking for a dragon named Igneel .
The city is the county seat of Clay County .
In addition to its fine gray sand , its principal characteristic is that its surrounded by cliffs which are 50 metres high .
Personal life Bremer is married to author Frances Winfield , with whom he has two adult children and four grandchildren .
BBC News ' '' On this day '' He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time magazine (/O1999/O) .
He demonstrated the world 's first color transmission on 3 July 1928 , using scanning discs at the transmitting and receiving ends with three spirals of apertures , each spiral with a filter of a different primary color ; and three light sources at the receiving end , with a commutator to alternate their illumination .
A close friend , singer Miriam Makeba , then persuaded her to go to Liberia .
A young girl describes her special relationship with her grandfather over four seasons .
Nevertheless , the published volumes of the series included Masoch 's best-known stories , and of them , Venus in Furs ( 1869 ) is the most famous today .
An extensive slave trade begins in modern Cameroon , as the Portuguese sail up the Wuori River .
The Vistula ( ; ) , is the longest and one of the most important rivers in Poland at 1,047 km ( 651 miles ) in length .
Industrial production of selenium often involves the extraction of selenium dioxide from residues obtained during the purification of copper . Common production begins by oxidation with sodium carbonate to produce selenium dioxide .
Sometimes the silhouette of the animal was incised in the rock first .
It is the dominant form of Islam in Oman and Zanzibar .
That film opens with a ten minute scene in which three men wait for a train .
It is located about 43 kilometres south of Gunnedah Breeza is located in the Liverpool Plains agricultural region , and the area around Breeza in particular is called the '' Breeza Plains '' .
It is different from an armistice , which is an agreement to cease hostilities , or a surrender , in which an army agrees to give up arms .
The shortest or earliest meaningful interval of time that theoretical physics can describe and consequently the youngest the known universe can be measured , after the Big Bang went off .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in NWFP North West Frontier Provience , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Vestavia Hills is named for the 20 acre ( 8.09 hectare ) estate of former Birmingham mayor George B. Ward .
The female cones are barrel-shaped , 7-13 cm long and 5-9 cm broad , and disintegrate when mature ( in 12 months ) to release the winged seeds .
Shche ne vmerla Ukrayiny i slava , i volya , Shche nam , brattia molodii , usmikhnet ` sia dolia .
Megalithic describes structures made of such large stones , utilizing an interlocking system without the use of mortar or cement .
It is totally surrounded by Marine Corps Base Quantico on three sides and the Potomac River on the fourth .
The City of Edmonton is the seat of the provincial government -- the capital of Alberta .
At the live show , prior to the reading of the votes , Rob proposed to Amber for her hand in marriage , which she accepted .
Griswold served as Bishop of Chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997 .
Morena Baccarin ( born June 2 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian actress better known for her roles as Inara Serra in the sci-fi television series Firefly , Adria in Stargate SG-1 , and as Anna in V.
jpg International Finance Centre , taken from Queen 's Pier the day before the closure of Queen 's Pier .
It rarely exceeds a height of 5 meters ( 15 feet ) .
Hare 's severely mistreated slaves soon escaped to work under better conditions for Clunies-Ross .
Three months earlier , on April 12 , 1954 , Bill Haley & His Comets recorded '' Rock Around the Clock '' .
Monolithic kernels In this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .
It also has great historic importance , the evidence of which is seen in Northumberland 's Castles and the two World Heritage Sites of Durham Cathedral and Hadrian 's Wall .
brand to join the new ECW brand , leaving the color-commentator position on SmackDown !
It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest , and Niger to the west .
Several theories offer competing explanations of what happened after his famed jump , but the F.B.I. believe he did not survive .
A 1996-1999 survey of over 13,000 people reported a much higher figure , with almost 39 % of people reporting hallucinatory experiences , 27 % of which were daytime hallucinations , mostly outside the context of illness or drug use .
Forbes was born and educated in Bermuda , the son of Francis Forbes M.D./O. At the age of 19 he traveled to London , England to enter Lincoln 's Inn .
In 1936 , Robinson won the junior boys singles championship in the annual Pacific Coast Negro Tennis Tournament and earned a place on the Pomona annual baseball tournament all-star team , which included future Hall of Famers Ted Williams and Bob Lemon .
Laigné-en-Belin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In April 2003 , Gackt co-wrote and co-starred in the movie Moon Child , featuring Hyde ( vocalist of L'Arc ~ en ~ Ciel ) and Taiwanese-American singer Leehom Wang .
, which also refers to the human practice of eating insects .
At the fourth iteration , a subtractive principle may be employed , with the base placed before the higher base : IIII or IV '' 4 '' , VIIII or IX '' 9 '' , XXXX or XL '' 40 '' , LXXXX or XC '' 90 '' , CCCC or CD '' 400 '' , DCCCC or CM '' 900 '' .
A tropical wave , which had previously spawned Tropical Depression Six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near Hispaniola on July 23 , 2003 .
iWork is an office suite of desktop applications created by Apple for the Mac OS X and iOS operating systems .
The highest temperature ever recorded in Pakistan , , was recorded here on 26 May 2010 .
Dimitar Ivanov Berbatov ( ; born 30 January 1981 in Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United in the Premier League and the Bulgarian national team .
Elements which refract electromagnetic radiation outside the visual spectrum are also called lenses : for instance , a microwave lens can be made from paraffin wax .
Butterfly gardening is often aimed at inviting those butterflies and moths to lay eggs as well .
He discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry .
Mouillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
When they entered the White House in 1969 , the Nixons began inviting families to non-denominational Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House .
The Yes Album , the band 's third album
He served as mayor of Williamsburg , Virginia , from 1768 to 1769 .
Three contestants compete in three rounds : the Jeopardy !
In his international career , playing for Argentina , he earned 91 caps and scored 34 goals .
Ringing Bell (/O1978/O) ( Chirin no Suzu or Bell of Chirin )
These sites include temple platforms , called marae , house sites , and graves .
Google '' [ believes ] that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' , and it hopes that '' knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
Historian William E. Barton argues that :
The acronym CSU may refer to : A propeller 's constant speed unit which regulates engine speed by automatically changing pitch .
Jurong is a constituency and town of Singapore , located in the western part of the mainland , in the West Region .
Black tea has a longer shelf life than green tea .
Voting was open until 23:59 on 11 July 2010 , with entrants going into a draw to win a prize .
It is bounded on the west by California 's Central Valley and on the east by the Basin and Range Province .
Harry Leroy '' Roy '' Halladay III ( born May 14 , 1977 ) , nicknamed '' Doc '' , is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies .
Herne , Kent , England , near the town of Herne Bay , Kent
Rise to power He studied at the Viseu Seminary from 1900 to 1914 and considered becoming a priest , but changed his mind .
She is best known for winning the 2004 French Open mixed doubles event with her countryman Richard Gasquet , and also for reaching the singles quarterfinal at the 2006 U.S. Open , losing to the eventual champion Maria Sharapova .
The Classical Guitar , Its Evolution , Players and Personalities Since 1800 ( 5th ed . )
But in 1980 , Grade 9 was added to the high school .
The lake has a total area of 166 km , and a maximum depth of approximately 43 m ( 141 feet ) .
Domenico Fontana ( 1543 - 28 June 1607 ) was a Swiss-born Italian architect of the late Renaissance .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
At the Juno Awards of 1999 , Rufus Wainwright earned Wainwright the Juno Award for Best Alternative Album .
All perfect numbers are also Ore 's harmonic numbers , and it has been conjectured as well that there are no odd Ore 's harmonic numbers other than 1 .
The Short-beaked Echidna has been included in several postal issues : it was one of four native species to appear on Australian postage stamps in 1974 , when it was on the 25-cent stamp ; it appeared on a 37-cent stamp in 1987 , and in 1992 it was on the 35-cent stamp .
As the mineral known as hematite , Fe2O3 is the main source of the iron for the steel industry .
Fruit maturity is not always apparent from the outside as the fruits remain green until they are over-mature or rotting .
The anticipated 1940 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XII Olympiad and originally scheduled to be held from September 21 to October 6 , 1940 , in Tokyo , Japan , were canceled due to the outbreak of World War II .
Following the war , Winifred Wagner was sentenced to probation by a war court for her support of the Nazi party .
The band was formed in 1982 and released its first 7 '' EP entitled , Hit Squad for God in 1983 .
It includes the energy in all of the chemical bonds , and the energy of the free , conduction electrons in metals .
The musicians operated as a cooperative society , deciding by a majority vote such issues as who would become a member , which music would be performed and who among them would conduct .
By 1967 , The Mike Douglas Show was broadcast to 171 markets and 6,000,000 viewers each day , mostly women at home .
The Way of St. James is a tree of routes that cross Western Europe and arrive at Santiago through Northern Spain .
In his next to last film performance , Ledger plays the Joker in The Dark Knight , directed by Christopher Nolan , the sequel to the 2005 film Batman Begins , first released , in Australia , on 16 July 2008 , nearly six months after his death .
The Flag of the State of Alabama was adopted by Act 383 of the Alabama state legislature on February 16 , 1895 .
Purcell also had a strong influence on the composers of the English musical renaissance of the early twentieth century , most notably Benjamin Britten , who created and performed a realisation of Dido and Aeneas and whose The Young Person 's Guide to the Orchestra is based on a theme from Purcell 's Abdelazar .
In 1968 Baader and his girlfriend Gudrun Ensslin were convicted of the arson bombing of a department store in Frankfurt am Main .
Richard Roxburgh ( born 23 January 1962 ) is an Australian AFI Award-winning actor who has starred in many Australian films and has appeared in supporting roles in a number of Hollywood productions , usually as villains .
probable & ndash ; Heinrich Kramer , German churchman and inquisitor ( d. 1505 )
It also operates Canada 's largest independent gasoline station network and a chartered bank in Canadian Tire Bank , and it owns Mark 's Work Wearhouse , a leading specialty apparel retailer of work and casual clothing , and PartSource , retailing auto parts and accessories .
In September 1890 , the of the Sac and Fox , Iowa , and Pottawatomie reservations in the eastern part of Oklahoma Territory were opened to settlement .
Flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton the texture of flannel .
The Tampa Bay Lightning are a professional ice hockey team based in Tampa , Florida .
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
His fascination with mathematics developed early -- at the age of three , he could calculate how many seconds a person had lived .
The club plays in Ligue 1 , the top division in French football , and are one of the most successful clubs in the country having won seven league titles and five Coupe de France trophies .
It is a concept album centering on a character known as '' The Patient '' .
Driven by politics rather than any theological disagreement , the schism was ended by the Council of Constance ( 1414 - 1418 ) .
The remains of an ancient barrier reef similar to the Great Barrier Reef can be found in The Kimberley , a northern region of Western Australia .
The ending of the film Death Becomes Her (/O1992/O) is set in this year .
This is what happened with the first unified cruiserweight champion , Evander Holyfield .
'' I write for the Guardian , '' said Sir Max Hastings in 2005 , '' because it is read by the new establishment '' , reflecting the paper 's then growing influence .
As of 2000 , the population was 23,501 .
Note : If looking for a specific term or person relating to Star Trek , please be sure to check : Category : Star Trek lists as well as : Category : Star Trek terminology and : Category : Star Trek devices .
Native to cold temperate coastal areas of Japan , Korea and China , in recent decades it has become established in New Zealand , the United States , France , Great Britain , Spain , Italy , Argentina and Australia .
It earned $ 10.5 million from advertisers , while its host was paid more than $ 500,000 .
It was powered by a Paxman RPH Series 1 engine , capable of delivering 500 b at 1,250 rpm .
, sometimes referred to under its Latin form Sudermannia or Sudermania , is a historical province or landskap on the south eastern coast of Sweden .
The Wehrmacht ( Defence Force ) was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Papa Smurf is the leader of the community .
Ecologically , marine ostracods can be part of the zooplankton or ( most commonly ) they are part of the benthos , living on or inside the upper layer of the sea floor .
Distributed in the lowland forests of northeastern Australia , New Guinea and nearby islands , members of this genus are monogamous and sexually monomorphic .
'' Calendar & ndash ; Portugal & ndash ; 1295 '' ( Julian calendar ) ,
Famke Janssen as Jean Grey / Phoenix : A former member of the X-Men who sacrificed herself to save her comrades , her former self , Jean Grey , died when she did this .
The Rupal drains into the Astore River , which eventually reaches the Indus near Jaglot .
It was the last planetary satellite to be discovered by direct visual observation ( as opposed to photographically ) and was the first new satellite of Jupiter since Galileo Galilei 's discovery of the Galilean satellites in 1610 .
She also attended Hillcrest Grammar School , Davenport and Dane Bank College in Crewe ( studying drama ) .
Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov ( born 21 August 1929 , Moscow ) is a prominent Soviet/Russian philologist and Indo-Europeanist probably best known for his glottalic theory of Indo-European consonantism and for placing the Indo-European urheimat in the area of the Armenian Highlands and Lake Urmia .
Footprint Travel Guides , 2004 .
Amritsar is home to Harmandir Sahib , also known as the Golden Temple , the spiritual and cultural center of the Sikh religion .
No high school facilities exist in the town , children travel 365 km to the nearest high school , do home school , or attend boarding schools .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
In the feud , Cena lost his United States Championship to Cabinet member Orlando Jordan following interference from JBL .
Feathers and turquoise ( or any sort of blue shade ) are worn during the ceremony to symbolize wind and rain respectively .
Girls Aloud are a girl group that were created on the ITV1 talent show Popstars : The Rivals in 2002 .
They have a son named Preston Charles , born 16 November 2006 .
In Britain , Ireland , and many Commonwealth nations , the qualifying medical degree is instead the Bachelor of Medicine , Bachelor of Surgery ( MBBS , BMBS , BM BCh , BM , MB BCh BAO , or MBChB ) and is considered equivalent to the M.D. degree in the U.S. system .
Around the inside of the dome is written , in letters high : ( '' ... you are Peter , and on this rock I will build my church .
'' It was not read , '' Habicht relates -- '' there is not a single mention of the author , not a single quotation from it , not a whisper before Stephanus Byzantius in the sixth century , and only two or three references to it throughout the Middle Ages '' .
The President of the United States is customarily sworn in by the Chief Justice of the United States , and the British sovereign is always crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury .
Roman finances become strained following the Danubian insurrection and Varus ' defeat in Germany , where three Roman legions were destroyed .
Nassogne is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Tajwal is located in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil , it is bounded by the following union councils , Nathia Gali to the north , Palak to the east , Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south , as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west .
Darling '' is a song of The Beatles composed by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and appearing as the fourth song on the Abbey Road album in 1969 .
When the Florentine Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family and later followed the history of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
Clarence Hervey : An eccentric , idealistic young man , who is clever , witty , and gallant , and in Belinda 's first impression of him is thus worded : '' a most uncommonly pleasing young man . ''
Early life Bernini was born in Naples to a Mannerist sculptor , Pietro Bernini , originally from Florence .
Much of the controversy about Ayers during the decade since 2000 stems from an interview he gave to The New York Times on the occasion of the memoir 's publication .
After the war , in 1900 , he enrolled at Wittenberg University in Springfield , Ohio .
Spirochaetes are distinguished from other bacterial phyla by the location of their flagella , sometimes called axial filaments , which run lengthwise between the bacterial inner membrane and outer membrane in periplasmic space .
In many wrasses the opposite is true -- most fish are initially female and become male when they reach a certain size .
Towns and municipalities The district Jerichower Land consists of the following subdivisions : Statistisches Landesamt Sachsen-Anhalt Free towns Free municipalities Burg bei Magdeburg Genthin Gommern Elbe-Parey Verwaltungsgemeinschaften 1 .
Hers is a voice that can raise chills up the spine , and , when she is in a mood like this , the sense of foreboding will rivet your attention .
According to The Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) , the term '' Celsius ' thermometer '' had been used at least as early as 1797 .
The short novel expressed Sacher-Masoch 's fantasies and fetishes ( especially for dominant women wearing fur ) . He did his best to live out his fantasies with his mistresses and wives .
Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American soccer club based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson , California , that participates in Major League Soccer .
A major and minor scale sharing the same key signature are said to be in a relative relationship . The relative minor of a particular major key , or the relative major of a minor key , is the key which has the same key signature but a different tonic ; this is as opposed to parallel minor or major , which shares the same tonic .
He was also named as one of two strikers in the UEFA Team of the Tournament .
Mike Rodriguez ( born April 20 , 1989 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer . He currently plays for Ecuadorian giants Barcelona SC .
Wood remained in sole charge of the Proms ( with one or two exceptions ) until 1941 when he shared the conducting with Basil Cameron and , in the following season , with Sir Adrian Boult as well .
The peace treaty was recorded in two versions , one in Egyptian hieroglyphs , the other in Akkadian , using cuneiform script ; fortunately , both versions survive .
David Gordon Mundell ( born 27 May 1962 in Dumfries ) is the Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland and a member of the Shadow Cabinet of the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The complete octet ( eight electrons ) in the outer atomic shell makes it stable and resistant to bonding with other elements .
A new Drake & Josh TV film tentatively entitled '' Drake and Josh : Best Christmas Ever '' began production in July 2008 , and premiered on December 5 , 2008 , officially ending the series . The Title was later changed to '' Merry Christmas Drake & Josh '' .
Thus a multicore CPU is possible where each core is an independent processor containing multiple parallel pipelines , each pipeline being superscalar .
Nikisch studied under Felix Otto Dessoff , Johann von Herbeck , and Joseph Hellmesberger , Jr. at the Vienna Conservatory , where he won prizes for composition and performance on violin and piano .
See the article on taupe to see additional shades of taupe .
The name Iris was retired in the spring of 2002 by the World Meteorological Organization and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Created by Edgar Rice Burroughs , Tarzan first appeared in the novel Tarzan of the Apes ( magazine publication 1912 , book publication 1914 ) , and then in twenty-five sequels , three authorized books by other authors , and innumerable works in other media , authorized or not .
Miller left the group to go to San Francisco where the psychedelic scene was flourishing .
Peter Dennis Blandford '' Pete '' Townshend ( ; born 19 May 1945 ) is an English rock guitarist , vocalist , songwriter and author , known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for The Who , as well as for his own solo career .
She attended St Hugh 's College , Oxford University and appeared on University ChallengeUniversity Challenge in 1968 , as captain of the college team .
These breakdown processes characteristically happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
FC Porto is an internationally lauded team , with a national record of six international titles , becoming European and World Champions twice each in the 1987 and 2004 seasons .
His date of birth is not known for certain : according to his Palestinian passport , he was born on 1 January 1929 , but he claimed to have actually been born in 1938 .
It is also used of a split within a non-religious organization or movement or , more broadly , of a separation between two or more people , be it brothers , friends , lovers , etc./O.
The following releases Unity and Soundchaser were met with enthusiastic response from critics and fans alike .
Turner was listed on Rolling Stones list '' The Immortals - The Greatest Artists of All Time '' .
Beef is one of the principal meats used in the cuisine of Middle east , Australia , Argentina , Europe and the United States , and is also important in Africa , East Asia , and Southeast Asia .
Real Oviedo , S.A.D. ( Asturian : Real Uviéu ) is a historically important Spanish football team from Oviedo .
Universities are located in Bari , Lecce and Foggia , with branches in Taranto and Brindisi .
He currently presents the BBC 's Formula One coverage and BBC Sports Personality of the Year .
is a Japanese football player who , as of 2006 was playing for Kashima Antlers .
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska monastery .
( WINNER ) This cast-mate won first place and the C$ 1 million .
Howard William Morenz ( September 21 , 1902 - March 8 , 1937 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Saffron is widely used in Iranian ( Persian ) , Arab , Central Asian , European , Indian , Turkish , and Cornish cuisines .
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkana is the capital .
Unlike many other metro systems around the world , '' main line '' MTR stations do not have toilet facilities available for public use , although their installation has been contemplated .
He is known especially for his first published novel , Madame Bovary ( 1857 ) , and for his scrupulous devotion to his art and style .
Cetology is the branch of marine science associated with the study of cetaceans .
Keynes currently resides in Highbury , London .
Together they ruled over this land with a unique culture and language , contributing to the growth of some of the oldest extant literature in the world .
It is 12 miles outside of the city center of Columbia and is part of the Columbia Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The Santa Clause 3 : The Escape Clause is a 2006 American film , the sequel to The Santa Clause and The Santa Clause 2 .
The wolves play an important part in the book .
The Tropic of Capricorn is so named because about 2,000 years ago the sun was entering the constellation Capricornus ( capricorn is Latin for goat horn ) at the December solstice .
When Wilbur wants a play with a lamb , the lamb 's father ( known as a ram ) says that sheep do n't play with pigs because it 's only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham .
Although there is some heat loss due to conduction , there is a net increase in energy ( and therefore temperature ) inside the greenhouse .
This category is for basketball players who have played for the Indiana Pacers .
The success of Club Penguin led to New Horizon being purchased by The Walt Disney Company in August 2007 for the sum of 27 billion dollars , with an additional 5 million dollars in bonuses should specific targets be met by 2009 .
He currently plays for Urawa Red Diamonds as a striker Takahara was born in Mishima , Shizuoka .
Bjelke-Petersen appointee Albert Patrick Field was expelled from the Labor Party before taking his seat and would therefore have been ineligible under the new constitutional amendment .
He occupies a grand place in both the history of philosophy and the history of mathematics .
When playing Game Boy or Game Boy Color games on the Game Boy Advance , the L and R buttons can be used to toggle between a stretched widescreen format and the original screen ratio of the Game Boy .
Central Japan Railway Company
Like other reptiles , turtles are ectotherms -- varying their internal temperature according to the ambient environment , commonly called cold-blooded .
Waterfront is the land by the side of a body of water ( E.g. Lake or Ocean ) .
The Battle of Kosovo ( , ) was a battle fought in 1389 on St Vitus ' Day , June 15 , Some sources attempt to give the date as June 28 in the New-Style Gregorian calendar , but that was not adopted for another two centuries .
However , Hera was not completely fooled and demanded that Zeus give her the heifer as a present .
After the Conservatives lost the 1880 election and Disraeli 's death the year after , Salisbury emerged as Conservative leader in the House of Lords , with Sir Stafford Northcote leading the party in the Commons .
A tank 's chassis ( hull ) comprises the bottom part of the tank , which includes the tracks , engine , driver 's seat , and crew compartment .
Pavarotti was also noted for his charity work on behalf of refugees and the Red Cross , amongst others .
Tran Hung Dao leads Vietnamese forces in victory over an invading Mongol army of the Yuan dynasty .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
November 29 & ndash ; Robert Ferrers , 3rd Baron Ferrers of Wemme ( b. 1373 )
George Washington spoke at the school in its first year and was so impressed that he recommended that his nephews go there , which they did .
Theodor '' Theo '' Waigel ( born April 22 , 1939 ) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria .
Football is one of four Gaelic games run by the Gaelic Athletic Association , the largest sporting organization in Ireland with more than 800,000 members .
Deficiencies of other B vitamins result in symptoms that are not part of a named deficiency disease .
The term '' Bronx Cheer '' is used sarcastically because it is not a cheer ; it is used to show disapproval .
Denmark has long controlled the approach to the Baltic Sea ; before the digging of the Kiel Canal , water passage to the Baltic Sea was possible only through the three channels known as the '' Danish straits '' .
The 2010 budget of the ICRC amounts to about 1156 million Swiss francs .
The festival is held in an area named the Theresienwiese ( field , or meadow , of Therese ) , often called Wiesn for short , located near Munich 's center .
New York University ( NYU ) is a private , nonsectarian , research university in New York City .
He was born at Bolingbroke Castle in Lincolnshire , hence the other name by which he was known , Henry ( of ) Bolingbroke ( ) .
For the artificial intelligence androids of the 1990s science fiction series Space : Above and Beyond , see Silicate ( AI ) A silicate is a compound containing an ion in which one or more central silicon atoms are surrounded by electronegative ligands .
He spent his formative years at St. Petersburg 's famous Smena football academy before joining FC Spartak Tambov , a second division club .
However , during the trial , Honecker became ill with terminal cancer and was subsequently released from prison .
Several distinct dog breeds are used as sled dogs , however , dog drivers have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs .
The provincial capital of Sindh is Karachi .
Definition is an exact word\/pharse of the meaning , nature , or limits of something .
Waldauer , C. , Zahka , W.J. and Pal , S. 1996 .
The office used to be called the Minister of Transport and has been merged with the Department for the Environment at various times .
The genus was originally described by Linnaeus in his 18th century work Systema Naturae .
In 1944 , the ICRC received its second Nobel Peace Prize .
Thomas , Johnston and Davis retired in 1978 , and Thomas and Johnston later enjoyed cameos in the Brad Bird-directed films The Iron Giant ( Warner Bros. , 1999 ) and The Incredibles ( Pixar , 2004 ) .
March & ndash ; In England , John Wycliffe tries to promote his ideas for Catholic reform by laying his theses before parliament and making them public in a tract .
A Fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes ( usually for royalty or important people ) .
Like other metropolitan cities of India , Kolkata continues to struggle with urbanisation problems like poverty , pollution and traffic congestion .
Representation usually refers to representative democracies , where elected officials nominally speak for their constituents in the legislature .
It was the first cycle to gain partnership with cosmetics magnate CoverGirl and ran weekly commercials during the show named Beauty Tip of the Week with Jay Manuel and Elsa Benitez as well as the CoverGirl of the Week contest .
Travecy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A juniper berry is the female seed cone produced by the various species of junipers .
Visual Works picked Final Fantasy VII the theme for their next film and was aided by the Square staff in order to develop it .
It is situated towards the end of a narrow strip of land lying between the Adriatic Sea and Italy 's border with Slovenia , which lies almost immediately south , east and north of the city .
He is thought to be the only Australian ever to have been exiled from his country .
Chicago and Tokyo were eliminated after the first and second rounds of voting , respectively , while Rio de Janeiro took a significant lead over Madrid heading into the final round .
Upon flowering , plants average less than in height .
The Venusian twins had other superpowers , that they would sometimes use to help out Superman , Wonder Woman and other heroes , she said .
Yoshiyuki Matsuyama ( born July 31 , 1966 ) is a former Japanese football player .
However , at least three reporters telegraphed the words of the Gettysburg Address with the words '' under God '' included .
Flax seeds produce a vegetable oil known as flaxseed or linseed oil , which is one of the oldest commercial oils , and solvent-processed flax seed oil has been used for centuries as a drying oil in painting and varnishing .
Lisa finds Mr. Bergstrom 's teaching methods inspiring and discovers an entirely new love for learning .
It usually contains a single seed ( rarely two seeds ) , enclosed in a tough , leathery shell , and borne in a cup-shaped cupule .
Deanna Troi was born on March 29 , 2336 , near Lake El-Nar , Betazed .
Zeus then commanded Hermes to kill Argus , which he did by lulling all one hundred eyes to sleep .
More than 12,500 out of an estimated total of 22,000 species have been classified .
The Qur ` an frequently refers to Jesus with the matronymic Jesus son of Mary ( Isa bin Maryam ) .
In 2002 , Hwang and colleagues utilized the work of Norell et al . , including new characters and better fossil evidence , to determine that birds ( avialans ) were better thought of as cousins to the dromaeosaurids and troodontids .
Edward I , who had coerced recognition as Lord Paramount of Scotland , the feudal superior of the realm , steadily undermined John 's authority .
Alfred the Great succeeds as king of Wessex after Ethelred 's death .
Mr. Men is a series of 48 children 's books by Roger Hargreaves commencing in 1971 .
It is the southernmost of the Nordic countries , southwest of Sweden and south of Norway , and bordered to the south by Germany .
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics , ( NUTS , for the French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques ) , is a geocode standard for referencing the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes .
Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race , which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951 .
Thus Theorem 1 of takes the form , '' Every positive integer , except 1 , is a product of one or more primes , '' and Theorem 2 ( their '' Fundamental '' ) asserts uniqueness . By convention , the number 1 is not itself prime , but since it is the product of no numbers , it is often convenient to include it in the theorem by the empty product rule .
It is located from the center of Paris .
Camellia sinensis , the tea plant , is of major commercial importance because tea is made from its leaves .
Cheers maintained an ensemble cast , keeping roughly the same set of characters for the entire run .
Marigné-Laillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
As a reward for their loyalty to the British Crown , they were given a large land grant on the Grand River .
Psychological Bulletin , 109 , 5 -- 24 Frequent and regular aerobic exercise has been shown to help prevent or treat serious and life-threatening chronic conditions such as high blood pressure , obesity , heart disease , Type 2 diabetes , insomnia , and depression .
Rose breeding for commercial purposes started in the 19-th century .
Progressive rock eventually stuck as a label for a specific genre of rock music , while '' art rock '' was used to refer to a wider , more subjective and harder-to-categorize collection of bands .
Made of six to twelve sails covered in reed matting or cloth material , these windmills were used to grind grain or draw up water , and were quite different from the later European horizontal-axis versions .
Hermine formed out of the remnants of the 2010 Pacific hurricane season 's Tropical Depression Eleven-E in the Bay of Campeche .
September 20 & ndash ; Unhappy with Pope Urban 's critical attitude towards them , the majority of the cardinals meet at Fondi and elect Clement VII as antipope and establish a rival papal court at Avignon .
The Bruins sought players not protected by the other teams , and in like fashion to the aforementioned signing of Willie O'Ree , the team signed Tommy Williams from the 1960 Olympic-gold medal winning American national men 's hockey team -- at the time the only American player in the NHL -- in 1962 .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
It was well received internationally , however , with a gross of $ 113.5 million , bringing its total gross to $ 161.2 million .
Cowbirds are birds belonging to the genus Molothrus in the family Icteridae .
Winchester Castle is built .
Frigg appears primarily in Norse mythological stories as a wife and a mother .
Encryption is also used to protect data in transit , for example data being transferred via networks ( e.g. the Internet , e-commerce ) , mobile telephones , wireless microphones , wireless intercom systems , Bluetooth devices and bank automatic teller machines .
The ring particles are made almost entirely of water ice , with some contamination from dust and other chemicals .
Today , it remains one of the island 's major commercial districts in addition to being the seat of government .
There were two winners per season for the first three seasons , all of which aired on MTV .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
The first national issue of paper money consisted of overprinted notes from fifteen private banks and the Queensland government , issued between 1910-1914 in denominations of 1 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 and 100 pounds .
A cute and somewhat gamine cat-face smile can be expressed like this : :3
The Fraser Institute criticized this study citing problems with potential exclusion of lucrative forms of begging and the unreliability of reports from the panhandlers who were polled in the Bose\/Hwang study .
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman , directed by Christopher Nolan .
On June 22 , 2007 , Friday Night SmackDown !
Events The Concordat of Worms condemns Pierre Abélard 's writings on the Holy Trinity .
Gilbert then sailed for Sydney , in the middle of June 1840 took ship to Port Essington in the north of Australia , and in March 1841 sailed to Singapore calling at Timor on the way .
He was buried in Westminster Abbey , but when the Royalists returned to power in 1660 , his corpse was dug up , hung in chains , and beheaded .
Currently , key lengths of 128 bits ( for symmetric key algorithms ) and 1024 bits ( for public-key algorithms ) are common .
Market capitalization ( often market cap ) is a measurement of size of a business enterprise ( corporation ) equal to the share price times the number of shares outstanding ( shares that have been authorized , issued , and purchased by investors ) of a publicly traded company .
Channes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The underground line is expected to be completed by 2018 .
Aiglun is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
But as Sheridan Morley perceptively remarked in 2000 , when reviewing Cressida : '' Gambon 's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor Richardson '' .
Originally an agricultural and market town , Chelmsford has been an important center for industry since the 19th century .
Bornholm 's geography as an island and moderate climate makes Bornholm an ideal location for sailing and other water based sports .
Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is an English association football club based at Boundary Park , on Sheepfoot Lane in Oldham , Greater Manchester .
Usually the bride 's father would pay , as buying the right to give his daughter away .
Alois Hitler ( born Alois Schicklgruber ; 7 June 1837 - 3 January 1903 ) was the father of Adolf Hitler .
Adobe Illustrator is a vector graphics editor developed and marketed by Adobe Systems .
Glossary , A place of our own During the toddler stage , the child also learns a great deal about social roles , develops motor skills , and first starts to use language .
Renneval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Afton is a city in Union County , Iowa , United States .
In classical antiquity , Illyria ( Ancient Greek : or ; Polybius .
The area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the Amazon River and the Rio Negro , near Brazil 's inland city of Manaus .
Overview It was contested by 15 teams , and Al-Ahly ( Tripoli ) won the championship .
Between 1862 and 1877 , the Bradshaw Trail was the main route between Southern California and the gold fields of La Paz and other places in western Arizona .
At the time , Dordrecht was often referred to in English as Dort .
The Caucasus Mountains is a mountain system in Eurasia between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea in the Caucasus region .
His first published drawing was for the satirical magazine Punch , at the age of 16 .
Eschatology is literally understood as the last things or ultimate things and in Muslim theology , eschatology refers to the end of this world and what will happen in the next world or hereafter .
Damage was heaviest where the hurricane made landfall .
The effects on the skin include wheals , hives , itching , and necrosis of the skin , which scabs and falls off .
The introduction by emanation of further divine beings , which are nevertheless identifiable as aspects of the God from which they proceeded ; the progressive emanations are often conceived metaphorically as a gradual and progressive distancing from the ultimate source , which brings about an instability in the fabric of the divine nature ;
Fjuckby ( ; UN/LOCODE : SE UPP ) is a village in Uppsala Municipality , Uppsala County , Sweden , located about 15 km north of the central city Uppsala along European route E4 .
A variety of tags can be added to articles to note the problem .
Note that wave heights in the scale are for conditions in the open ocean , not along the shore .
On November 6 , 1969 , Colson was appointed as Special Counsel to President Nixon .
Heliocheilus julia is a North American moth in the family Noctuidae .
Foot binding ( , literally '' bound feet '' ) was a custom practiced on young girls and women for approximately one thousand years in China , beginning in the 10th century and ending in the first half of 20th century .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
On 6 February 1952 , they had just returned to their Kenyan residence Sagana Lodge , after a night spent at Treetops Hotel , when word arrived of the death of Elizabeth 's father .
Dommiers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
And Holocaust historian Robert Melvin Spector concludes that the Nazis '' did indeed use human fat for the making of soap at Stutthof , '' albeit in limited quantity .
There are some 300 species of Danainae worldwide , but only four are found in North America : the Monarch Butterfly ( Danaus plexippus ) ; the Queen ( Danaus gilippus ) ; the Tropical Milkweed Butterfly ( Lycorea cleobaea ) ; and the Soldier Butterfly ( or '' Tropic Queen '' ; Danaus eresimus ) .
Resident in Essen since the 16th century , the Krupp family dynasty and Essen shaped each other . In 1811 , Friedrich Krupp founded Germany 's first cast-steel factory in Essen and laid the cornerstone for what was to be the largest enterprise in Europe for a couple of decades .
The US controlled islands between Japan and southeast Asia , especially the Philippines .
Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its quadruple daily Hong Kong to London route due to this disruption in air traffic services .
He wrote the screenplay for the 1996 film Romeo + Juliet and co-wrote the 2001 film Moulin Rouge !
It also reacts with the other halogens to make bismuth ( III ) halides .
See also 24-cell Polychoron References H. S. M. Coxeter , Regular Polytopes , 3rd .
Carly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Mitchie wrote the song in the beginning of the movie , and was later heard ( in an acoustic version on piano ) , but not seen , by Shane , who set out to search for the girl behind the amazing voice .
Jean de Meun completes the French allegorical work of fiction , Roman de la Rose , with a second section ; the first section was written by Guillaume de Lorris in 1230 .
This is a list of the history of the tallest buildings in the United States .
While some Hmong returned to their villages and attempted to resume life under the new regime , thousands more made the trek across the Mekong River into Thailand , often under attack . This marked the beginning of a mass exodus of Hmong from Laos .
IMI University Centre students who study for their Certificate , Diploma , Higher Diploma and\/or BA Degree at IMI will receive two qualification : Swiss IMI award and the British MMU award .
Pollination is the process by which pollen is transferred in plants , thereby enabling fertilization and sexual reproduction .
Stamford Bridge is a football stadium in Fulham , in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , West London , and is the home of Chelsea Football Club .
Shortly before his departure from the US in January 1918 , he re-wrote and renamed Urbs Dei , significantly altering the first verse to concentrate on the huge losses suffered by British soldiers during the intervening years .
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) .
Pasta is a generic term for foods made from an unleavened dough of wheat or buckwheat , flour and water , sometimes with other ingredients such as eggs and vegetable extracts .
The Italian Grand Prix was one of the inaugural Formula One championship races in 1950 , and has been held every year since then .
Army National Guard of United States ; Air National Guard of the United States : enlistment in If so recognized , they become part of the National Guard of the United States .
Of Mice and Men is a novella written by Nobel Prize-winning author John Steinbeck .
Convert and Two-point conversion , in American football , an opportunity to score one or two extra points following a touchdown
It is made from glutinous rice flour , sugar and cinnamon .
Bellignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
As it moved slowly westward , Hurricane John continued to strengthen considerably in an increasingly favorable environment well south of the Hawaiian Islands ; on 22 August John was designated a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale ( the highest classification for hurricanes ) and later that day ( by Hawaii Standard Time ) reached its peak winds of 175 miles per hour ( 280 km\/h ) .
The Books of the Bible are listed differently in the canons of Judaism and the Catholic , Protestant , Greek Orthodox , Slavonic Orthodox , Georgian , Armenian Apostolic , Syriac and Ethiopian churches , although there is substantial overlap .
It is used in a wide variety of applications , such as laptop sleeves , orthopedic braces ( wrist , knee , etc. ) , electrical insulation , liquid and sheet applied elastomeric membranes or flashings , and car fan belts .
Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The six millionth van was created in March 2010 .
In addition to the six other live tracks , it includes '' Hunted Down '' .
The Niagara Falls are voluminous waterfalls on the Niagara River , straddling the international border between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of New York .
He is currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
On 15 December 1940 , the remains of Napoléon II were transferred from Vienna to the dome of Les Invalides in Paris .
Castel San Pietro is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Mersey is formed from three tributaries : the River Etherow , the River Goyt , and the River Tame .
In metals , thermal conductivity approximately tracks electrical conductivity according to the Wiedemann-Franz law , as freely moving valence electrons transfer not only electric current but also heat energy .
Existing dollar units today are the Bahamian dollar , the Barbados dollar , the Belize dollar , the Bermuda dollar , the Brunei dollar , the Canadian dollar , the East Caribbean dollar , the Guyanese dollar , the Hong Kong dollar , the New Taiwan dollar , the Singapore dollar , the Trinidad and Tobago dollar , and the United States dollar .
Humans have constructed defensive works for many thousands of years , in a variety of increasingly complex designs .
Isabella of France ( c. 1295 22 August 1358 ) , known as the She-Wolf of France , A sobriquet appropriated from Shakespeare 's Henry VI , Part 3 , where it is used to refer to Henry 's Queen , Margaret of Anjou was the Queen consort of Edward II of England and mother of Edward III .
Information technology The school offers the subjects of Information Technology ( IT ) for Forms 1 to 3 , Computer and Information Technology ( CIT ) for Forms 4 and 5 , and Computer Applications ( CA ) for Forms 6 and 7 .
.
The Royal Hotel is on the site of another inn owned by Robinson and the plaque on the wall indicates present day understanding that this was the inn where Ben Hall 's gang had their spree .
See Roller coaster elements for the various parts of a roller coaster and the types of thrill elements that go into making each roller coaster unique .
The Lord Mayors and Provosts of Belfast , Cardiff , Edinburgh , Glasgow , City of London and York all have the further right to be styled '' The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor '' ( or Provost ) , although they are not members of the Privy Council as this style usually indicates .
These included Cameo , Zapp , The Gap Band , The Bar-Kays , and The Dazz Band all found their biggest hits in the early 1980s . However , by the latter half of the 80s , funk had lost its commercial impact .
Texas Stadium ( 1971 -- 2008 )
Koji Nishimura is a Japanese football player currently playing for Nagoya Grampus .
The Woolly Flying Squirrel ( Eupetaurus cinereus ) is the sole species placed in the genus Eupetaurus .
Outreau is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Rachel hosts the show herself , with her daughter Leah and nephew Alex also starring to provide support .
In his '' middle '' compositional period after 1901 , a change of direction led him to produce three purely instrumental symphonies .
Psychedelic pop is a musical style inspired by the sounds of psychedelic folk and psychedelic rock , but applied to a pop music setting .
There has also been a suggested link between undiagnosed BDD and a higher-than-average suicide rate among people who have undergone cosmetic surgery .
China 's Shanghai Jiao Tong University placed Ohio State as the 61st ranked university in the world in their 2007 Academic Ranking of World Universities .2007 Ranking of World Universities .
His last recorded album was Reality (/O2003/O) , which was supported by the 2003 -- 2004 Reality Tour .
The Book of Revelation is the final book of the New Testament corpus .
Mar del Plata has a wide range of services in this sector .
Convective banding became better organized , and late on September 12 it developed into Tropical Depression Ten while located about south-southwest of Manzanillo , Colima .
Romulus and Remus are Rome 's twin founders in its traditional foundation myth .
Audruicq ( in Dutch : Ouderwijk ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Phylogenetic position is disputed : their closest relatives may be the mites ( Acari ) or the Novogenuata ( the Scorpiones , Pseudoscorpiones and Solifugae ) .
The Canons were not intended to be a comprehensive explanation of Reformed doctrine , but only an exposition on the five points of doctrine in dispute .
A psychrometer is a device that measures relative humidity .
The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a remote volcanic zone on the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada , stretching 31 k from the Pemberton Icefield to the Squamish River .
National Hurricane Center forecaster James Franklin remarked , '' Confidence at the later ranges [ of the forecast track ] was unusually low '' , due to wide divergences between computer models .
The universe may be called '' Creation '' , in the sense that it is the creation of God .
This season was also the first to have a tiebreaker challenge : in the previous season , the person with the most previous votes was voted out in such a situation , but in Samburu 's first tribal council , Carl Bilancione and Lindsey Richter each received four votes .
It is located at in Flathead County in the U.S. state of Montana .
The Kalabhras dynasty ( ) ruled over the entire Ancient Tamil country between the 3rd and the 6th century C.E. in an era of South Indian history called the Kalabhra interregnum .
Nor Khachakap ( ; formerly , Saral ) is a village in Lori Province , Armenia .
For this reason , UDP is sometimes referred to as Unreliable Datagram Protocol .
Steam ship -- a Steam Ship is a ship propelled by a steam engine or steam turbine .
The scheduled Berlin Games of 1916 were canceled following the onset of World War I.
The Pillows ( styled as the pillows ) are a Japanese alternative rock band .
It was directed by James Wong , produced by Stephen Chow and released by 20th Century Fox .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Patrick M. Byrne ( born 1962 , Fort Wayne , Indiana , United States ) is the president , CEO , and chairman of the board of directors of Internet retailer Overstock.com .
Montes Taurus is a rugged , jumbled mountainous region on the Moon .
Sinovenator ( meaning '' Chinese - hunter '' , derived from the Latin word venator = hunter and the Greek word = China , Chinese ) is a genus of troodontid dinosaur from China .
It is the world 's most widely used system of measurement , both in everyday commerce and in science .
Events By place Asia Minor Following their agreement to work together to defeat Antigonus , Seleucus invades Asia Minor from Babylonia , while Ptolemy attacks Syria and Lysimachus moves into the western part of Asia Minor .
The anticipated 1944 Summer Olympics , which were to be officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad , were cancelled due to World War II .
San Diego Gas & Electric , Sundesert Nuclear Power Plant Collection In 1981 , some 1,900 activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
On December 15 , 1966 , Walt Disney died of lung cancer , and Roy Disney took over as chairman , CEO , and president of the company . One of his first acts was to rename Disney World as '' Walt Disney World , '' in honor of his brother and his vision .
The city has been recently changing into a predominantly service provider economy .
It explains the source , derivation , and meaning of words according to the philology of its period , using such earlier authorities as Harpocration and Helladios .
Although composed very rapidly ( during June 2-22 , 1874 ) , the work did not appear in print until 1886 ( five years after the composer 's death ) , when an edition by the composer 's great friend Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov was published .
Writers of the encyclopedia did not hide their Jewish-nationalistic political views .
The Council meets at least twice every six months ; usually in the Justus Lipsius building , the headquarters of the Council of the European Union in Brussels .
It was written by the colonists , later together known to history as the Pilgrims , who crossed the Atlantic aboard the Mayflower . Almost half of the colonists were part of a separatist group seeking the freedom to practice Christianity according to their own determination and not the will of the English Church .
Ponce ( ; ) is both a city and a municipality in the southern part of Puerto Rico .
This conclusion has mostly been based on the Turkana Boy fossil discovered in 1984 .
His father ( Thomas ) worked as a stonemason and local builder .
His name is derived from the French chausseur , meaning shoemaker .
Nancy Reagan also became stepmother to Maureen Reagan ( 1941 - 2001 ) and Michael Reagan ( born 1945 ) , the children of her husband 's first marriage to Jane Wyman .
To this day , wild edible dormice are consumed in Slovenia , where they are considered a rare delicacy and dormouse trapping an ethnic tradition .
Director of the Graduate Centre for Medieval Studies at Reading , 1986-1989
The Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games will be the first edition held in South America , the third edition held in the southern hemisphere ( the first of those three outside of Australia ) , and the first games in a lusophone country .
According to Washington Mutual Inc. 's 2007 SEC filing , the holding company held assets valued at $ 327.9 billion .
Pinellas County , together with Hillsborough County , Hernando County , and Pasco County , composes the Tampa-St .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
Austen 's parents , George Austen ( 1731 - 1805 ) , and his wife Cassandra ( 1739 - 1827 ) , were members of substantial gentry families .
At night they look for food , mainly eating larger insects like grasshoppers and beetles , snails , eggs , young nestlings , small mice , and spiders , as well as berries , fruit , and nuts like acorns and beechnuts .
The trial was held on 19 August 1612 before Sir Edward Bromley , a judge seeking promotion to a circuit nearer London , and who may therefore have been keen to impress King James , the head of the judiciary .
The trees are generally called lime in Britain and linden in parts of Europe and North America ( where they are also known as basswood ) .
At a Reference Group meeting in Belgrade it was decided that the existing rules will remain in place , and that the number of participants in the final will simply be lowered from twenty-five to twenty-four .
An extinct language is a language which no longer has any speakers .
The trophy was first awarded at the conclusion of the 1953 - 54 NHL season .
It is also known as Postfix notation and is parenthesis-free as long as operator arities are fixed .
Instant Messaging may be done in a Friend-to-friend network , in which each node connects to the friends on the friends list .
Offenbach is a Kreis ( district ) in the south of Hesse , Germany and is part of the Frankfurt\/Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region .
Linspire , Inc. offered users a '' free Linspire '' ( purchase price discounted to $ 0 ) by using the coupon code '' Freespire '' until September 9 , 2005 .
Kyneton has a horse racing club , the Kyneton District Racing Club , which schedules around sixteen race meetings a year including the Kyneton Cup meeting in November ( always the day after the Melbourne Cup ) .
The program 's goal was to defoliate forested and rural land , depriving guerrillas of cover ; another goal was to induce forced draft urbanization , destroying the ability of peasants to support themselves in the countryside , and forcing them to flee to the U.S. dominated cities , thus depriving the guerrillas of their rural support base and food supply .
July 22 & ndash ; Alessandro de ' Medici , Duke of Florence ( d. 1537 )
Some other former islands , including Bennelong Island , Garden Island and Berry Island , have subsequently been linked to the shore by land reclamation .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture ( whether distinct or hidden ) which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong , for example , if a particular subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture , it may be described as a counterculture .
Brad Richards , who had 26 points , won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the Stanley Cup playoffs ; the Lightning had won all 31 contests in which he had scored a goal since the opening of the season .
Richard Wayne Penniman ( born December 5 , 1932 ) , known by the stage name Little Richard , is an American singer , songwriter , pianist and recording artist , considered key in the transition from rhythm and blues to rock and roll in the 1950s .
The film is an abridged modernization of Shakespeare 's play , designed to appeal to a younger modern audience while retaining the original Shakespearean dialogue .
This eventually led to their expulsion from the synagogues .
Tens of thousands of participants come from all over the world to fight in a brutal battle where more than one hundred metric tons of over-ripe tomatoes are thrown in the streets .
Paris was soon consumed with riots , chaos , and widespread looting .
Immune system Abnormalities in the immune system have often been invoked as being causes of Crohn 's disease .
The industry of the town was initially tied to the abundant fruit growing operation ... there was once a canning factory and a basket factory in Forest .
StEG built the Oravi a-Bazia line -- Romania 's oldest railroad track .
When the last Duke of Cleves died in 1609 that dukedom was inherited by Brandenburg and after a short siege Soest was incorporated into it .
The green algae include unicellular and colonial flagellates , most with two flagella per cell , as well as various colonial , coccoid , and filamentous forms , and macroscopic seaweeds .
Those who stayed now live in Beirut , Aley , Byblos , and Bhamdoun .
The site is situated at the foot of the Rohri Hills where a fort ( Kot Diji Fort ) was built around 1790 by Talpur dynasty ruler of Upper Sindh , Mir Suhrab who reigned from 1783 to 1830 .
Development of Windows Vista
Infection of the urethra is urethritis , said to be more common in females than males .
The familiar decimal notation for real numbers can also be viewed as an example of a power series , with integer coefficients , but with the argument x fixed at .
Avant-garde ( ) means '' advance guard '' or '' vanguard '' .
Support for a large number of SATA\/RAID\/SCSI \/O/ NIC drivers ( thanks to the DriverPacks project ) .
Annabeth and Percy ask Tantalus to send somebody on a quest to find the Golden Fleece , which he does , sending Clarisse .
In the 1981 season , Hicks led the NFL in interceptions ( 9 ) and return yards ( 239 ) , and went on to make a big impact in the Super Bowl against the Cincinnati Bengals .
The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for their debut album , Parachutes ( 2000 ) .
Parker became Indiana 's oldest living person on April 7 , 2005 ( age 111 years , 352 days ) ( following the death of then almost-112-year-old Minnie Kearby , who was just six days older at the time ) and the state 's all-time recordholder on January 19 , 2007 ( age 113 years , 274 days ) , surpassing Mary Parr .
Nicolas Desmarest ( 16 September 1725 -- 20 September 1815 ) was a French geologist .
The Kingdom of Bhutan ( ) is a landlocked nation in South Asia , located at the eastern end of the Himalaya Mountains and is bordered to the south , east and west by the Republic of India and to the north by People 's Republic of China .
The school has received the top award of MOE 's Masterplan of Awards , the School Excellence Award .
The district showed the fundamental problem of the whole empire : A strong influence of foreign rulers and mircro-sized territories .
The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom and each of the other Commonwealth realms .
Audincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
This work provided evidence in favour of the atomic theory proposed by John Dalton : that inorganic chemical compounds are composed of atoms combined in whole number amounts .
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman , GCB ( 7 September 1836 -- 22 April 1908 ) was a British Liberal Party statesman who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1905 to 1908 .
In 1948 , Yun was appointed by Rhee as mayor of Seoul .
James Henry Hammond ( November 15 , 1807 - November 13 , 1864 ) was a politician from South Carolina .
On 21 July 2003 , Archer was released on licence , after serving half of his sentence , from HMP Hollesley Bay , Suffolk .
Nine types of wood are commonly placed into a traditional Wiccan balefire .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Nectar produced outside the flower is generally made to attract predatory insects .
Takashi Kuwahara ( born May 5 , 1948 in Fujieda , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football coach and former football player .
This evidence , combined with the small size of other primitive relatives such as Microraptor and the troodontid Anchiornis , indicates that the common ancestor of dromaeosaurids , troodontids , and birds - which is called the ancestral paravian - may have been very small , at around 65 cm in length and 600 to 700 grams of mass/O.
The Illusionist is a 2006 period drama written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Jessica Biel , and Paul Giamatti .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
Religions with a cyclic history often depict Hell as an intermediary period between incarnations .
However , the 2004 season exceeded these conventional limits slightly , as Tropical Storm Otto formed on the day before the last day of the season and lasted three days into December .
Jews had come to be loathed in the Roman Empire after the Jewish-Roman wars , and this led to the criminalization of the Jewish Sabbath .
In the United States , Independence Day , commonly known as the Fourth of July , is a federal holiday commemorating the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4 , 1776 , declaring independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain .
Originally named Joe Robbie Stadium , it has also been known as Pro Player Park , Pro Player Stadium , Dolphin Stadium , Dolphins Stadium and Land Shark Stadium .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency defines food waste for the United States as being : '' Uneaten food and food preparation wastes from residences and commercial establishments such as grocery stores , restaurants , and produce stands , institutional cafeterias and kitchens , and industrial sources like employee lunchrooms '' .
This wall was constructed during the reign of King Kirthi Sri Rajasingha , to protect it from wild elephants which might have damaged the tree .
Valeyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Vergeletto is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It lies in the northeast of the country .
` Infinite ' was me trying to figure out how I wanted my rap style to be , how I wanted to sound on the mic and present myself .
George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review , arguing that comedy should touch as well as amuse , '' I go to the theater to be moved to laughter '' .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
West Virginia is a state in the Appalachian and Southeastern regions of the United States , bordered by Virginia to the southeast , Kentucky to the southwest , Ohio to the northwest , Pennsylvania to the northeast and Maryland to the east .
Saint-Germain-du-Pert is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Persian lime ( Citrus latifolia ) , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime ( named after John T. Bearss , who developed this seedless variety about 1895 in his nursery at Porterville , California ) , is a citrus fruit sold simply as a '' lime '' in the United States .
In a nutshell , deuterocanonical means '' second canon '' .
In 2005 , Franklins started setting up franchise opportunities under the '' Franklins Family Supermarkets '' brand ( similar to the '' Pick 'n Pay Family Supermarkets '' brand ) .
Leeds Metropolitan University is a university with two campuses in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Darling was initially appointed as Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 1997 , moving to become Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in 1998 . Spending four years at the department , he spent another four years as Secretary of State for Transport , also becoming Secretary of State for Scotland in 2003 .
The reaction is used for thermite welding , often used to join rail tracks .
Built on of ranchland , the project would utilize thin-film PV panels designed and manufactured by OptiSolar in Hayward and Sacramento .
He left the army when he was nineteen , as he entered Heilongjiang University and earned a bachelor 's degree in English studies .
The Ottoman Empire captures Thessalonica from the Venetians .
Recommendations : Do not subst : this template as contact details may change in the future .
After Melinda 's demise , Bruce removed his old orange buff and was then given a new purple buff , thus officially joining Casaya and headed back to camp with them .
Some countries use the word rheumatism to describe fibromyalgia syndrome .
Craig Leo Stansberry ( born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia ) is a Major League Baseball third baseman who is currently in the San Diego Padres organization .
She conceptualized the idea of machine-independent programming languages , which led to the development of COBOL , one of the first modern programming languages .
After this success , for which he won a BAFTA , his work includes such controversial films as The Cook , The Thief , His Wife and Her Lover , which also starred Helen Mirren .
Joseph John '' Joe '' Cole ( born 8 November 1981 in Islington , London ) is a professional footballer who plays for Chelsea of the English Premier League and plays for the England national team .
Caulaincourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
John Lounsbery ( March 9 , 1911 - February 13 , 1976 ) started in 1935 and , working under Norm ` Fergy ' Ferguson , quickly became a star animator .
In the same year , they held a joint concert with Korean R&B singer Kim Jo-Han .
The German-speaking Community of Belgium ( , DG ) is one of the three federal communities in Belgium .
Clubhouse Games , known in Europe as 42 All-Time Classics [ ] and in Japan as , is a compilation video game consisting of card , board , and parlor games developed by Agenda and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
The University of Cincinnati , commonly referred to as UC or Cincy , is a public research university in Cincinnati , Ohio , and a part of the University System of Ohio .
The Transrapid originated as one of several competing concepts for new land-based high speed public transportation developed in Germany .
A carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide or radiation , that is an agent directly involved in causing cancer .
In 1981 King was trying out for the position as a guitarist in a band .
His grandfather Boutros Ghali had been Prime Minister of Egypt from 1908 until he was assassinated in 1910 .
Pirelli is also the official tyre supplier of the World Rally Championship replacing BF Goodrich for the 2008 season , with all cars using Pirelli tyres and having Pirelli decals on the cars .
Brens is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The bridge has a speed limit of for passenger trains and for freight trains .
In addition to miniatures , the production crew made a single , full-size X-wing for scenes in the Rebels ' Yavin IV base hangar ; combined with cardboard cutouts and careful editing , the Rebels appear to have dozens of fighters .
During this period , he became involved with a group called Shalom Tigers , in which bandmates Bono and Larry Mullen Jr. were also involved .
The M6 motorway runs from junction 19 of the M1 in Catthorpe , near Rugby via Birmingham then heads north , passing Manchester , Preston , Carlisle and terminating at Gretna .
Other naked-eye comets may be brighter and more spectacular , but will appear only once in thousands of years .
This contrasts with the theory of subrecursive hierarchies , formal methods and formal languages that is common in the study of computability theory in computer science .
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Times also praised the film , saying that '' for all of its familiar qualities , this movie marks something of a departure for the Disney studio , and its movement is in an interesting direction .
List of Cascade volcanoes
They have a simple '' pinhole '' eye open to the environment .
Disney Press has released several books based on the shows including The Suite Life of Zack & Cody : Tipton Caper , The Suite Life of Zack & Cody : Tipton Trouble , and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody : Circle of Spies novels based on the television episode and the video game . A calendar for the show , Disney The Suite Life of Zack and Cody 2008 Calendar has been released .
November 27 & ndash ; Philip van Artevelde , Flemish patriot ( b. 1340 ) ( killed in battle )
, '' Knut Is n't Cute Anymore '' , '' Goodbye Knut '' and '' Panda in Berlin '' .
Khalid was received by his elder brother Walid bin Walid and was first among the three men to enter Islam .
Lautner was born in Grand Rapids , Michigan , the son of Deborah , who works for a software development company , and Daniel Lautner , a commercial airline pilot .
Crannes-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Need for Speed ( NFS ) is a series of racing video games published by Electronic Arts EA and developed by several studios including Canadian based company EA Black Box .
Moorslede was home to the 1950 World Cycling Championship , won by Briek Schotte .
Waltzing Matilda , Waltzing Matilda '' You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' And he sang as he watched and waited till his billy boiled , '' You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
Its founding was financed in large part by Ohio State alumnus Leslie Wexner with a gift of twenty-five million dollars in the 1980s .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of seven fantasy novels for children by C. S. Lewis .
Its forum was located where the main square of Sopron is found today .
Therefore it is considered the most Silesian city , in terms of character , in Germany today .
The Wehrmacht ( Defence Force ) was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
The system is not difficult to learn and remember , but in some modern editions ( Immanuel Bekker ) the work is rearranged alphabetically .
Protocol III of the CCW restricts the use of all incendiary weapons , but a number of states have not acceded to all of the protocols of the CCW .
From 1883 until 1893 he was Director of Music at Wellington College .
On July 10 , 2007 Linspire released Linspire 6.0 , based on Freespire 2.0 .
Three people were killed in Nicaragua , one from drowning and two others from electrocution .
According to 2005 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city was 2,998 .
Run in the heat of a central European summer , it also held the distinction of being the only current Grand Prix venue that had never seen a wet race up until the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix . The first Grand Prix saw 200,000 people spectating , although tickets were expensive at the time .
Dogma is an established belief or doctrine .
On June 24 , 2010 , Byfuglien was traded by Chicago , along with Brent Sopel , Ben Eager and Akim Aliu to the Atlanta Thrashers for a 1st and 2nd round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft , Marty Reasoner , Joey Crabb and Jeremy Morin .
Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden situated on the shores of Lake Sarnen ( Sarner See ) , Switzerland .
In November 1863 , when the military cemetery at Gettysburg was dedicated , Everett was the featured speaker .
Alternative rock artist Beck has written and recorded a song called '' Asshole '' , one of his most acclaimed compositions .
Mercury ( II ) iodide ( HgI2 ) is a chemical compound with an appearance of red-orange crystals .
Falafel ( ; ) is a ball or patty made from ground chickpeas and\/or fava beans .
In addition , Kuala Lumpur is home to the tallest twin buildings in the world , the Petronas Twin Towers .
Kanye West 's song '' Stronger '' from the album Graduation prominently features a sample of '' Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger '' .
However , in 1957 La Vecchia Signora signed two forwards ; John Charles and Omar Sivori , along with them Boniperti would be a part of what was referred to as '' the Magical Trio '' .
Violence is the expression of physical or verbal force against self or other , compelling action against one 's will on pain of being hurt .
In 2007 the Grand Prix moved back to the newly redesigned Fuji Speedway . After a second race at Fuji in 2008 , the race returned to Suzuka in 2009 .
The column itself consists of four solid blocks of sandstone , three of which are decorated by cannon barrels captured from the enemies of the aforementioned three wars .
Cardholders may enjoy 3 days of unlimited rides on the MTR ( except Airport Express , East Rail Line First Class , Lo Wu and Lok Ma Chau stations ) refundable deposit of HK$ 50 and choice of either a single ( HK$ 220 ) or round ( HK$ 300 ) trip on the Airport Express .
Sallenelles is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Students from Pennsylvania in grades PreK-12 can attend PA Cyber for no cost .
All RNA viruses use their own RNA replicase enzymes to create copies of their genomes .
Victorinus had previously served as procurator of Galatia , giving him some experience with eastern affairs .
Lost Boys ( 1992 ) is the first horror novel and short story by author Orson Scott Card .
LVs are usable as raw block devices just as disk partitions are : mountable file systems can be created on them , or they can be used as swap storage .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Vaas is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Garhi Ismail Zai is a town and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Tujunga Wash consists of two forks , both beginning in the San Gabriel Mountains .
Her name in Greek is , which means '' she whose words excel '' .
Christina Applegate as Kim Powell
However for now the spectral classification based on the two above coarse resolution spectroscopic surveys from the 1990s is still the standard .
This work , published in 1830 as the Book of Mormon , served as a foundation for Smith 's small Church of Christ .
_ Cloud _ ( film )
It was noted that , during his tenure under Khrushchev , he was the second most powerful man in the Soviet Union .
Greek warfare , meanwhile , originally a limited and formalized form of conflict , was transformed into an all-out struggle between city-states , complete with atrocities on a large scale .
William McKinley , Jr. ( January 29 , 1843 - September 14 , 1901 ) was the 25th President of the United States ( 1897 - 1901 ) , and the last veteran of the American Civil War to be elected to that office .
Duck is the common name for a number of species in the Anatidae family of birds .
Lawrencium ( , ) is a radioactive synthetic element with the symbol Lr ( formerly Lw ) and atomic number 103 .
Desperate Spaces premiered on January 1 , 2008 .
Hollyoaks is a long-running television serial-drama , first broadcast on Channel 4 on 23 October 1995 .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
Most commonly , though , the best solution for Wikipedia and users alike is to simply create a registered account and edit with it .
The term 135 ( ISO 1007 ) was introduced by Kodak in 1934 as a designation for cartridge film wide , specifically for still photography .
All That We Needed is a 2005 album by the Plain White T 's .
A radioactive metallic transuranic element of the actinide series , curium is produced by bombarding plutonium with alpha particles ( helium ions ) and was named for Marie Curie and her husband Pierre .
Females are smaller than males and are blue-grey with a brown tinge , pale gray below , although arid zone females are colored more like males .
Ancient Central America
Of the twenty languages with the largest numbers of native speakers according to SIL Ethnologue , twelve are Indo-European : Spanish , English , Hindi , Portuguese , Bengali , Russian , German , Marathi , French , Italian , Punjabi , and Urdu , accounting for over 1.7 billion native speakers .
Hippos have been clocked at 30 k over short distances .
The amount of magma erupted can be so large that the top of the volcano may collapse , resulting in a caldera .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee is assisted by the Norwegian Nobel Institute , established in 1904 .
Christians believe that Jesus is the savior of the world and the son of God ; Jews do not .
The Bundesverdienstkreuz ( Federal Cross of Merit , officially Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland , Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany ) is the only general state decoration of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Typical of most cave art , there are no paintings of complete human figures , although there is one possible partial '' Venus '' figure that may represent the legs and genitals of a woman .
It is believed that it consists of a single track and connects the Kremlin , chief HQ ( General Staff - ` Genshtab ' ) , Lubyanka ( FSB Headquarters ) and the Ministry of Defense , as well as numerous other secret installations .
Batu Khan and the Golden Horde sack the Ruthenian city of Kiev .
The Lorentz factor or Lorentz term appears in several equations in special relativity , including time dilation , length contraction , and the relativistic mass formula .
Many religions state that those who do not go to heaven will go to another place , Hell , which is eternal in religions such as Christianity .
Experimental chemistry Gas phase chemistry Initial experiments aiming at probing the chemistry of seaborgium focused on the gas thermochromatography of a volatile oxychloride .
Romana I The White Guardian originally assigns Romana to assist the Doctor during the quest for the Key to Time , a series of linked serials which constitute the whole of Season 16 ( 1978-79 ) .
The name of the state means literally '' holy spirit '' after the Holy Ghost of Christianity .
Also located in Punta Gorda is the Charlotte County campus of Edison State College , which has four campuses in southwest Florida .
The fire changed direction late on 7 February with the cool change , and headed back towards Eaglehawk ; it was contained around lunchtime on 8 February , though it was still burning within containment lines later that day .
In biology , a signal or biopotential is an electric quantity ( voltage or current or field strength ) , caused by chemical reactions of charged ions .
In the upper part of the town are the cathedral , the town hall and the Medici Fortress ( Fortezza Medicea ) , from which the main streets branch off towards the lower part as far as the gates .
Bodies which fulfill the first two conditions but not the third ( such as Pluto , Makemake and Eris ) are classified as dwarf planets , provided they are not also natural satellites of other planets .
Non - '' Brighamite '' traditions within the Latter Day Saint movement , such as the Community of Christ , generally disavow the term Mormonism .
After Wessel 's death , he was officially credited with having composed the music , as well as having written the lyrics , for the Horst-Wessel-Lied .
This greatly reduces the time to detection for slow growing viruses such as cytomegalovirus , for which the method was developed .
Byrne was also impressed by that band 's release strategy as a means of valuing music .
Michael Curtiz , a noted director during the golden era of the Hollywood studio system whose famous productions included The Adventures of Robin Hood in 1938 , Yankee Doodle Dandy in 1942 , and in the same year , Casablanca , was hired to helm the project .
The first written mentioning of Kalev appears in 1641 in the Leyen Spiegel by Heinrich Stahl .
Father-daughter incest was for many years the most commonly reported and studied form of incest .
Its first concerts were led by conductor composer Henry Hadley , who led the Seattle Symphony Orchestra from 1909 to 1911 .
Finally , a single Federal Patents Court in Munich adjudicates disputes relating to industrial property rights .
Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes ; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic , and those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material .
Entities other than the cache may change the data in the backing store , in which case the copy in the cache may become out-of-date or stale .
When Anastasia was born , her parents and extended family were disappointed to have a fourth daughter , because they wanted a son who would be heir to the throne .
The district was created on June 12 , 1994 by merging the former districts of Anklam , Greifswald and Wolgast .
It was first established on October 22 , 1849 and underwent several revisions to its design and award criteria over the years of its existence .
Sophia and Sofia may refer to :
He is a former two time World Tag Team Champion with his former tag team partner , Cody Rhodes .
Anklam-Land Bargischow Blesewitz Boldekow Bugewitz Butzow Ducherow Iven Krien Krusenfelde Liepen Medow Neetzow Neu Kosenow Neuendorf A Neuendorf B Neuenkirchen Pelsin Postlow Putzar Rossin Sarnow Spantekow1 Stolpe Wietstock 3 .
Just two years after Pulitzer took it over , the World became the highest circulation newspaper in New York , aided in part by its strong ties to the Democratic Party .
Who 's Next is the fifth studio album by the English rock band The Who , released in August 1971 .
Schedule I and part II of Schedule II provide absolute protection - offences under these are prescribed the highest penalties .
He later changed his name to '' Hawthorne '' , adding a '' w '' to dissociate from relatives including John Hathorne , a judge during the Salem Witch Trials .
Galileo Galilei ( ; 15 February 1564 - 8 January 1642 ) , commonly known as Galileo , was an Italian physicist , mathematician , astronomer and philosopher who played a major role in the Scientific Revolution .
Trio may refer to :
Mnemonically ` Template link expanded ' .
There were 329 households out of which 10.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.6 % were married couples living together , 6.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.8 % were non-families .
The album features five hit singles : '' Superman 's Dead , '' '' Automatic Flowers , '' '' Clumsy , '' '' 4am '' and '' Carnival '' .
Among the crowd was Joe DiMaggio , who was reported to have been infuriated by the spectacle .
Conservation As of the species ' most recent review in 2008 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is listed by the IUCN as vulnerable , with a downward population trend .
Guerrero responded to Bischoff 's actions by forming the Latino World Order ( LWO ) , which was a take-off of Bischoff 's New World Order .
The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March and the Yass Arts-and-Crafts Festival in November .
In the game you have option of playing as selected celebrities and professionals from the show .
Supreme Commander is a real-time strategy computer game designed by Chris Taylor and developed by his company , Gas Powered Games .
His total of 669 passes attempted was 104 more than the next most prolific passer in the World Cup that year , Germany 's Bastian Schweinsteiger .
He steps into the adjoining river and is healed by the waters while Poseidon 's trident appears above his head , revealing him to be the son of Poseidon .
The tourist line is operated by the Szczecin 's Association of the Enthusiasts of Public Transport .
In 1839 , the Texas Congress formed a commission to seek a site for a new capital to be named for Stephen F. Austin .
Vivid Cerise ( Basis for Fluorescent Cerise ) ( Hex : # DA1D81 ) ( RGB : 218 , 29 , 129 )
Dacians under Decebalus engage in two wars against the Romans from this year to AD 88 or 89 .
John Christian Watson ( 9 April 1867 -- 18 November 1941 ) , commonly known as Chris Watson , Australian politician , was the third Prime Minister of Australia .
It enables that user to see how fast he or she is typing over a period of time by taking an average over that period .
However , team owners could not agree to a plan on how to align the clubs in the NFC .
The water hemisphere has only one-eighth of the world 's land , including Australia , New Zealand , Antarctica , a small part of Southeast Asia and the southern part of South America .
Berzelius had an effect on biology as well .
The first known literature of South India are the poetic Sangams , which were written in Tamil between 2500 to 2100 years ago .
Katharine Hope McPhee ( born March 25 , 1984 ) is an American pop and R&B singer , songwriter , actress , model , and television personality .
From the late 1990s to late 2000s , Prague was a popular filming location for international productions and Hollywood , Bollywood motion pictures .
The Audi A3 is a small family car produced by the German automaker Audi since 1996 .
Pulaski is a village in Brown , Oconto , and Shawano Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Association football , usually known simply as football or soccer , has been included in every Olympiad except 1896 and 1932 as a men 's competition sport .
His father , W.G.R.M. '' Ran '' Laurie , was a medical doctor who also won an Olympic gold medal in the coxless pairs ( rowing ) at the 1948 London Games .
This eye is known as the parietal eye , visible as a pale scale on the top of the head .
About 300-600 seeds ( 10 pods ) are required to produce 1 kg ( 2.2 lb ) of cocoa paste .
Final Straw is the highly acclaimed third album by Snow Patrol , released in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland in 2003 and in the United States in 2004 .
Brighton is a city in East Sussex .
Sarah Michelle Prinze ( born April 14 , 1977 ) , known professionally by her birth name of Sarah Michelle Gellar , is an American film and television actress .
The carrying capacity of an ecosystem is reduced over time if more than the amount which is '' renewed '' ( refreshed or regrown or rebuilt ) is consumed .
Travertine ( in other languages : Chinese : , Persian : , German : Travertin ) is a form of limestone deposited by mineral springs , especially hot springs .
He emphasised the need to relaunch a breeding program .
If inhaled , it irritates the airway and may eventually lead to pulmonary edema .
Stallone did , however , go on to receive much acclaim for his role in the crime drama Cop Land ( 1997 ) in which he starred alongside Robert De Niro and Ray Liotta , but the film was only a minor success at the box office .
Gunnedah ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
They had two children : a son , Caractacus ( born December 1967 ) , a musician and recording engineer , and a daughter , Boudicca ( born 1970 ) , a video producer .
Onaway is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
Kraken Mare is believed to be the largest of numerous seas and lakes in Titan 's north polar region .
Darren Stuart Middleton ( born 4 October 1971 ) is an Australian lead guitarist for alternative rock band Powderfinger .
The monsoon trough is that portion of the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) which extends into or through a monsoon circulation , as depicted by a line on a weather map showing the locations of minimum sea level pressure , and as such , is a convergence zone between the wind patterns of the southern and northern hemispheres .
Ruth Elizabeth Harkness ( 21 September 1900 -- 20 July 1947 ) was an American fashion designer and socialite , who traveled to China in 1936 and brought back the first live giant panda to the United States - not in a cage , or on a leash , but wrapped in her arms .
Since then the mill has benefited from a DEFRA grant and substantial work has been completed .
The Province of Trieste is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
Steven Vincent '' Steve '' Buscemi ( ; born December 13 , 1957 ) is an American actor , writer and film director .
Originally , this referred only to the average color of the French mole , Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 205 ; Discussion of Color Taupe , Page 183 but like the colors pink and lavender , the name expanded ( in the case of taupe beginning in the 1940s ) to encompass a wide range of varying shades .
ISBN 0-385-51449-2 -- Online excerpts : Opus Dei : An Introduction , Chapter I : A Quick Overview of Opus Dei , Chapter 7 : Opus Dei and Secrecy Berglar , Peter ( 1994 ) .
Alexander Mackenzie , PC ( January 28 , 1822 - April 17 , 1892 ) , a building contractor and newspaper editor , was the second Prime Minister of Canada from November 7 , 1873 to October 8 , 1878 .
Successfully hitting the arrows in time with the music fills the '' Dance Gauge '' , or life bar , while failure to do so drains it .
Nauvoo ( ) is a small city in Hancock County , Illinois , United States .
The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel written by philologist and Oxford University professor J. R. R. Tolkien .
Mary Shelley ( née Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin ; 30 August 1797 -- 1 February 1851 ) was a British novelist , short story writer , dramatist , essayist , biographer , and travel writer , best known for her Gothic novel Frankenstein : or , The Modern Prometheus ( 1818 ) .
Examples The most familiar examples are insects such as ants , bees , and wasps ( order Hymenoptera ) , as well as termites ( order Isoptera ) , all with reproductive queens and more or less sterile workers and/or soldiers .
The color of the day system is not known by most of the public but it is written about a lot by newspapers , and by writers and can sometimes be seen on episodes of television shows such as NYPD Blue and recently .
Called '' the heart of American show business , '' vaudeville was one of the most popular types of entertainment in North America for several decades .
The main cast features Sammul Chan from the original series with the new addition of Kenneth Ma , Ella Koon , and Selena Li .
The Junior Dance Festival , Blackpool Sequence Dance Festival which incorporates the British Sequence Championships , and British National Dance Festival are also held annually in Blackpool .
Summary of Five Epochs of Civilization World History looks for common patterns that emerge across all cultures .
Pakistan 's government claims they had no part in the espionage , but refuses to turn Khan over for questioning by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
The New Testament mentions singing hymns during the Last Supper : '' When they had sung the hymn , they went out to the Mount of Olives '' .
In the same year he met Bakunin in Locarno ( Switzerland ) spending a month with him discussing Bakunin 's ideas and objections to Marx and Engels ' authoritarianism , conquering Cafiero in the end to his cause .
Tymoshenko was the Prime Minister of Ukraine from 24 January to 8 September 2005 , and again from 18 December 2007 to 4 March 2010 .
Frozen fog ( also known as ice fog ) is any kind of fog where the droplets have frozen into extremely tiny crystals of ice in midair .
Heat and Velocity were not picked up by the USA Network when WWE moved its programming over to that network in October 2005 , leaving Americans no way to watch WWE weekend shows on television .
For example , if the Atlas V version is 552 , this means that the fairing is five meters , has five solid rocket boosters , and has two Centaur engines .
It was first published as one half of an Ace Double in 1966 , bundled with Mankind Under the Leash by Thomas M. Disch .
In number theory and algebraic number theory , the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic ( or Unique-Prime-Factorization Theorem ) states that any integer greater than 1 can be written as a unique product ( up to ordering of the factors ) of prime numbers .
Seven teams each played 48 games .
Its teeth were blade-like for cutting rather than pointed for gripping as with water dwelling crocodiles .
It was chosen by the state 's first governor , Henry Hastings Sibley , and was adopted in 1861 , three years after admission of Minnesota to the union .
June 20 Dutch troops attack Royal Navy ships in London and Chatham and burn them .
Phonevision field-tests ran for 90 days in Chicago .
Derivative words in English include policy , polity , police and politics .
Piper has completed work on two stand-alone television productions . In the first , a BBC adaptation of Philip Pullman 's historical novel The Ruby in the Smoke broadcast in December 2006 , Piper played protagonist Sally Lockhart , a Victorian orphan .
The primary cause of rickets is a vitamin D deficiency . Vitamin D is required for proper calcium absorption from the gut .
The electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty ; however , its use is in decline .
For instance , Wikipedia is considered bad in China , so often no one in China can read it or add to it .
Dzigarkhanyan was given the title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1985 .
Bryan Owen '' Pete '' Young ( born March 19 , 1968 in Meadville , Mississippi ) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , 152 of whom were foreign nationals , and 28 Indonesian citizens .
Verneil-le-Ch étif is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Camouflage is a method of crypsis -- avoidance of observation -- that allows an otherwise visible organism or object to remain indiscernible from the surrounding environment through deception .
Indian River County is a county located in the Treasure Coast region in the U.S. state of Florida .
Navassa became significant again with the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914 .
Alternatively , the Arctic Ocean can be seen as the northernmost lobe of the all-encompassing World Ocean .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
He scored his first goal against Genoa C.F.C. and scored a total of eight goals throughout his first season with the nerazzurri .
Main sights The city walls ( 5th century BC ) .
The family Eomyidae is alternatively referred to as a member of the superfamily Geomyoidea or as a separate superfamily ( Eomyoidea ) within the shared infraorder Geomorpha .
Image : Abby of Melk .
Lanark is the county town of Lanarkshire , Scotland
It is bounded by ( from the east and clockwise ) the districts of Harburg , Rotenburg and Cuxhaven , the Elbe River , and the city state of Hamburg .
Article 11 of the Rome Statute .
The greater Cranbourne area consists of Cranbourne , Cranbourne North , Cranbourne East , Cranbourne South , Cranbourne West .
Crush 40 , formerly known as Sons of Angels , is a Japanese-American hard rock band formed in 1998 that is best known for their contributions to the soundtracks of several video games , predominantly the Sonic the Hedgehog series .
He was very famous in his time but today his subject matter and technique receive relatively little attention compared to the popularity of the Impressionists .
He is a forward and currently plays for J-league side JEF United Ichihara Chiba , and has been a member of the Japanese national football team since 2005 .
John 3:16 ( chapter 3 , verse 16 of the Gospel of John ) is one of the most widely quoted verses from the Christian Bible , TopVerses.com and has been called the most famous Bible verse .
'' Historical and Legal Aspects of the International Status of Taiwan ( Formosa ) '' WUFI
Labor Party Some members of the Democratic Party ( e.g. Dennis Kucinich ) could arguably be considered social democrats ; however , the party overall does not advocate social democracy .
The European discovery of New South Wales was made by Captain James Cook during his voyage along the east coast of Australia in 1770 .
American Standard Code for Information Interchange , ASA X3.4-1963 , American Standards Association , June 17 , 1963 a major revision in 1967 , USA Standard Code for Information Interchange , USAS X3.4-1967 , United States of America Standards Institute , July 7 , 1967 and the most recent update in 1986 .
Some countries such as Sweden , Norway , Switzerland , the Philippines and the United States do not use the term '' ministry '' for their sectors of government public administration , and instead call them '' departments '' .
Most of the code ( 71 % ) was written in the C programming language , but many other languages were used , including C + + , assembly language , Perl , Python , Fortran , and various shell scripting languages .
P. rubra ( Common Frangipani , Red Frangipani ) , native to Mexico , Central America , Southern India and Venezuela , produces flowers ranging from yellow to pink depending on form or cultivar .
As such , a full Concorde Agreement was not in place for the season , with the Memorandum and other individual teams acting as a stop-gap solution .
Voyager 1 's Saturn flyby occurred in November 1980 , with the closest approach on November 12 , 1980 when it came within of the planet 's cloud-tops .
It has not yet been officially named , but '' LaFayette '' has been proposed by a group of astronomers in reference to the frigate used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the insurgents .
, the panelists were not allowed to formally confer with each other , though later in the series , there was no chastising of the panelists for whispering ideas to each other .
Benedict of Nursia , early monasticist ( approximate date )
The rump of the SED that remained was renamed as the Party of Democratic Socialism ( PDS ) at a special party congress in December 1989 .
They consisted of four carriages - a second class driving trailer , a second class trailer , a second class motor car ( with guard 's / luggage compartment above which the Stone Faiveley AMBR pantograph was mounted ) and a composite ( 1st and 2nd class ) driving trailer .
In the central nervous system , the analogous structures are known as tracts .
Near the tracks , a large market ( Central Market ) and a railroad station rose on the north side of the Mall .
This is made up of sections of actual wall , of trenches and of natural defensive barriers such as hills and rivers .
July 10 & ndash ; The most severe of several early fires of London burns most of the city to the ground , Over 3,000 people die .
Linda Lingle ( born Linda Cutter ; June 4 , 1953 ) was the seventeenth Governor of Hawaii .
The area was first surveyed in 1855 and was described as , '' the best soil on the island ... well watered , with a mild climate '' by surveyor James Scott , for whom the town is named .
The scientific consensus is that the current population expansion and accompanying increase in usage of resources is linked to threats to the ecosystem .
His habilitation work was entitled , ' ( published in English translation in 1989 as The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere : an Inquiry into a Category of Bourgeois Society ) .
Their diet is similarly variable , with herbivorous , omnivorous , and insectivorous species all being known .
'' Simpson and Delilah '' is the second episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on October 18 , 1990 .
Windows Vista ships in eight editions .
Rouessé - Vassé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The Generic Universal RolePlaying System , or GURPS , is a tabletop role-playing game system designed to allow for play in any imaginary setting .
'' Bart the Genius '' is the second episode of The Simpsons first season , which originally aired on the Fox network on January 14 , 1990 .
Matlock is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
Kofi Atta Annan ( ; born 8 April 1938 ) is a Ghanaian diplomat who served as the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1 January 1997 to 31 December 2006 .
The county is crossed in the south side by the Mure River and in the north side by the Cri ul Alb River .
History of clean tech Pernick and Wilder explain that , in the 1970s , clean technology was considered '' alternative , '' the province of back-to-the-land lifestyle advocates , altruistic environmentalists , and lab scientists on research grants .
Consequently , it handles most of the country 's major exports , such as oil , cocoa and coffee , timber , metals and fruits .
He is credited with the first successful cultivation of tobacco as an export crop in the Colony of Virginia and is known as the husband of Pocahontas , daughter of the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy .
A power outage or system hang such as a BSOD can mean a significant loss of any data queued in such cache .
Andris Nelsons ( born November 18 , 1978 ) is a Latvian conductor .
Notes References G. H. Hardy , A Mathematician 's Apology , Cambridge University Press ( 1940 ) .
at Page , Arizona , USA .
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in Detroit , Michigan .
One example of a mammalian frugivore is the maned wolf , or Chrysocyon brachyurus , which is found in South America .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county was 241,305 .
The council decided against the Arians overwhelmingly ( of the estimated 250 -- 318 attendees , all but two voted against Arius . )
Part One also explains the shapes of tea plants , tea flowers , and tea leaves , and covers how to grow tea plants and process tea leaves .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums and colugos , glide rather than fly , and can only glide for short distances .
The 1981 book Genes , Mind , and Culture : The Coevolutionary Process by Charles J. Lumsden and E. O. Wilson proposed the theory that genes and culture co-evolve , and that the fundamental biological units of culture must correspond to neuronal networks that function as nodes of semantic memory .
It is located to the north of Abbottabad city ( the district capital ) and includes the north-western parts of the city and its suburbs and outlying villages .
asks for rigorous approach of Moroccan street terrorists '' His controversial 2008 film about Islam in the Netherlands , Fitna , has received international attention .
Need for Speed : Most Wanted 5-1-0 is a PlayStation Portable port of Most Wanted , released on the same day as its console and personal computer counterparts .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 23 , 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 9 .
It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid .
It is named after the Norwegian skater Axel Paulsen , who first performed the jump in 1882 .
The idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two writings by Descartes and independently by Pierre de Fermat , although Fermat used three dimensions , and did not publish the discovery .
The only permanent Inuvialuit settlement on the island , Sachs Harbour , or Ikhuak , is on the southwest coast .
He came to national prominence , however , as counsel in a number of important Supreme Court cases .
, a single based on the show 's theme song , reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1997 and remained in the Top 75 for 32 weeks , selling over a million copies .
She is noted for numerous series of books based on recurring characters and designed for different age groups .
The orchestra toured the United States in 1950 , thus becoming the first British orchestra to visit America since the London Symphony Orchestra in 1912 .
A varicella vaccine was first developed by Michiaki Takahashi in 1974 derived from the Oka strain .
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
His political involvement increased , and his partner Defert joined the ultra-Maoist Gauche Proletarienne ( GP ) .
There have been some studies where dogs were trained to alert impending seizures by using reward-based conditioning - with partial success .
The Johns Hopkins University , commonly referred to as Johns Hopkins , JHU or simply Hopkins , is a private research university located in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
In 2002 , Turgi received the Wakker Prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage .
According to 2006 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the town is 357 .
In Mianyang City , seven schools collapsed , burying at least 1,700 people .
SeaMonkey is a free and open source cross-platform Internet suite .
The writings of French theologian Amalric of Bena are condemned by the University of Paris and Pope Innocent III .
Hillsboro is a city in Montgomery County , Illinois , United States .
Players could attack and kill each other in a special area known as the Wilderness .
While he orbited the Moon , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin made the first manned landing on the lunar surface .
China is seen variously as an ancient civilization extending over a large area in East Asia , a nation and\/or a multinational entity .
As of June 2009 , Rey Mysterio is the champion in his second reign having defeated Chris Jericho at The Bash , in a Mask vs. Title match .
Eoin Colfer ( , '' Owen '' ; born 14 May 1965 ) is an Irish author and comedian .
Shortly after their meeting , Lucy is abducted by Bora of Prominence , who was posing as Salamander of Fairy Tail , to be sold as a slave .
Late on December 12 , convection increased slightly over the center , though by that time the cyclone weakened to tropical depression status .
Alison Louise Balsom ( born 7 October 1978 , Hertfordshire ) is an English trumpet soloist .
On 8 September 2007 , it was announced that Fuji will alternate the Japanese Grand Prix with Suzuka , starting from 2009 onwards .
It is not acceptable for an editor to use photo manipulation to distort the facts or position illustrated by an image .
The War Department also bore responsibility for naval affairs until the establishment of the Navy Department in 1798 and for most land-based air forces until the creation of the Department of the Air Force in 1947 .
Throughout history natron has had many practical applications which continue in the wide range of modern uses of its constituent mineral components .
At its peak , it was one of the most densely populated and culturally dynamic societies in the world .
Professional career Los Angeles / St. Louis Rams He was drafted as the 15th overall pick ( 1st round ) of the 1994 NFL Draft by the L.A. Rams .
This small storm reached its peak of 60 mph on the 12th , but a cold front to its west caused it to gradually lose tropical characteristics .
Notable recordings include Faces in the Street , Beneath the Southern Cross , Bushfire , Murrumbidgee and The Shearers Dream -- two of which were released through Australian record label Astor Records .
Language The language of the Kalash is a Dardic language belonging to the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-Iranian group ; itself part of the larger Indo-European family .
Defamation -- also called calumny , vilification , slander ( for transitory statements ) , and libel ( for written , broadcast , or otherwise published words ) -- is the communication of a statement that makes a claim , expressly stated or implied to be factual , that may give an individual , business , product , group , government , or nation a negative image .
Instant messaging has proven to be similar to personal computers , e-mail , and the World Wide Web , in that its adoption for use as a business communications medium was driven primarily by individual employees using consumer software at work , rather than by formal mandate or provisioning by corporate information technology departments .
By mating the straight-5 banks at 90 degrees and using 5 throws the balance shafts balance each other and become null .
Another tradition from Shea Stadium making an appearance in Citi Field is the Home Run Apple .
Women typically experience minor pain during first-trimester abortion procedures .
Electrons have the least mass of all the charged leptons .
New cultivars of peas were developed by the English during this time which became known as garden peas and English peas .
For the similarly-titled work by Antonio Vivaldi , see The Four Seasons ( Vivaldi ) .
Veuilly-la-Poterie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In the Irish calendar May 1 is Beltane ( Bealtaine ) , the first day of Summer , and a public holiday is held on the first Monday in May .
Joucas is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
Henriette Bordvik - Live Female Vocals ( 2003-2005 ) , Female Vocals on '' An Elixir for Existence (/O2004/O) '' & '' Sirenian Shores (/O2004/O) ''
Amherst is a village in Portage County , Wisconsin , United States .
Thoiré-sous-Contensor is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Gestation takes about six months , and tarsiers give birth to single offspring .
The first award was made to Edward Ardizzone for Tim All Alone in 1956 .
Lithuania : Vilnius becomes capital
An anaerobic organism is any organism that does not require oxygen for growth and may even die in its presence .
Guity Novin ( born Guity Navran , 1944 ) is an Iranian-Canadian figurative painter , and graphic designer residing in Canada .
A trading post opened around 1880 , just before the gold rush of 1884-85 .
ie 's Andrew Lynch said , '' Girls Aloud really should n't have made it as far as a second album .
Langlade County - west
One of the most prominent references is in the opening line of Banjo Paterson 's famous folk song '' Waltzing Matilda '' .
Mark Stephen Burke ( born 12 February 1969 in Solihull ) is an English former footballer , who played for a number of clubs both in his homeland and in foreign leagues during the 1990s .
Other publications , such as Popular Mechanics , Scientific American , and The Times-Picayune gave doomsday scenarios in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless .
Several supernumerary members , known as '' Royal Knights and Ladies of the Garter '' , belong to the royal family .
In insects smells are sensed by sensilla located on the antenna and first processed by the antennal lobe ( analogous to the olfactory bulb ) , and next by the mushroom bodies .
Sakori or Sakuri is a small village in the Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra State , India , about 5 k south of Shirdi . Sakori is best known as the home of Hindu guru Upasni Maharaj and of his ashram , Kanya Kumari Sthan .
Persian lime ( Citrus latifolia ) , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime ( named after John T. Bearss , who developed this seedless variety about 1895 in his nursery at Porterville , California ) , is a citrus fruit sold simply as a '' lime '' in the United States .
It is a large tree-like plant , the single stem growing from 5 to 10 meters tall , with spirally arranged leaves confined to the top of the trunk ; the lower trunk is conspicuously scarred where leaves and fruit were borne .
This encompassed what are now known as the U.S. state of New Jersey ; eastern Pennsylvania around the Delaware and Lehigh valleys ; the north shore of Delaware ; and much of southeastern New York , particularly the lower Hudson Valley , Upper New York Bay , and western Long Island .
There has been a settlement on the Gateshead side of the River Tyne , around the old river crossing where the Swing Bridge now stands , since Roman times .
In a non-leap year , there are 365 days , in a leap year there are 366 days . A leap year occurs every 4 years .
A notable feature is that the ball is put into play by a designated server , called the mandarino , who otherwise is not part of the game .
Sustainability has become a wide-ranging term that can be applied to almost every facet of life on Earth , from local to a global scale and over various time periods .
Before the 2006 Grand Prix , the kerbs were lowered considerably and the turn itself was tightened to reduce speeds and hopefully reduce the number of accidents at the chicane .
Moreover , Ellen Willis says : '' ... in the early '80s , when feminists used the term political correctness , it was used to refer sarcastically to the anti-pornography movement 's efforts to define a ` feminist sexuality ' '' .
The rate of DNA repair is dependent on many factors , including the cell type , the age of the cell , and the extracellular environment .
When Germany invaded Denmark in World War II , the Hungarian chemist George de Hevesy dissolved the gold Nobel Prizes of Max von Laue and James Franck into aqua regia to prevent the Nazis from stealing them .
A month before touring for Louder Than Love commenced , bassist Hiro Yamamoto , who was becoming frustrated that he was n't contributing much , left to go back to college .
In official census results , only 86 persons declared themselves Greeks in Bulgarian Macedonia ( Blagoevgrad Province ) in 2001 , out of a total of 3,408 in all Bulgaria ; while 442 described themselves as Greeks in the 2002 census in the Republic of Macedonia .
Hartman spent his childhood in Roseville , Michigan and his teen years in New Baltimore , Michigan .
This cemetery and one in Winchester , Virginia were both dedicated on the same day , with each group thinking that they were the first confederate cemetery .
Alexey Ekimyan ( , ) also Alexey Gurgenovich Hekimyan ( April 10 , 1927 -- April 24 , 1982 ) was a famous Armenian-Russian composer , and author of popular songs .
The Trumpet vine or Trumpet creeper ( Campsis radicans ) , also known as '' Cow itch vine , '' is a large and vigorous woody vine of the family Bignoniaceae , notable for its showy trumpet-shaped flowers .
