Three episodes featuring Xena , collectively called The Xena Trilogy , initially aired as part of the first season of Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Xena 's own series began on September 15 , 1995 , the series ran for six seasons and 134 episodes until its final episode aired on May 21 , 2001 .
In many works of fiction , especially fairy tales , broomsticks are depicted as a means of air transport for witches , with the brush usually facing the posterior direction .
Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Shortly after the defeat in the Battle of Warsaw in 1920 , the withdrawing Red Army handed the city over to Lithuania , in accordance with the Russo-Lithuanian agreement of July 12 of that year .
Suddenly his folded black cape and blue-green breast shield springs upward and spreads widely around its head , transforming himself into a dancing ellipse-shaped creature .
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite .
Health - covering human health and animal health .
Gentianales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons .
The Imperial House of Japan , pp .
Rhenium , discovered in 1925 , was the last naturally occurring stable element to be discovered .
The Liebestod can be performed either in a purely orchestral version , or with a soprano singing Isolde 's vision of Tristan resurrected .
Her first break came as a child actor on the Disney Channel variety show Kids Incorporated ( 1989 -- 1991 ) , where she was credited as just Love Hewitt .
Like the other extant monotremes , the Short-beaked Echidna lays eggs ; the monotremes are the only group of mammals to do so .
Previous Macintosh operating systems were named using Arabic numerals , e.g. Mac OS 8 and Mac OS 9 . The letter X in Mac OS X 's name refers to the number 10 , a Roman numeral .
Following the attack , Cena went to ringside where he knocked ECW Representative Paul Heyman unconscious , after Heyman awarded the pinfall win to Van Dam at One Night Stand .
Radio 4 carries these regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings because the long-wave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland .
It was not until a special bulletin was issued by the CPHC at 6:30 PM on September 10 -- less than 24 hours before landfall -- that any warning was given to the public .
Its county seat is Kissimmee .
A supercentenarian is someone who has reached the age of 110 or older .
Prior to the East-West Schism the united Western and Eastern Churches ( the State church of the Roman Empire ) held the First seven Ecumenical Councils ( meeting from the 4th to the 9th century ) .
The angle of the slats may be adjustable , usual in blinds and windows , or fixed .
A peasant named Thurkhill in England claims that Saint Julian took him on a tour of Purgatory .
Unlike the Parliament of the United Kingdom , the powers of the Parliament of Canada were limited in that other powers were assigned exclusively to the provincial legislatures .
Counting is the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects .
She was born in Nantes , Brittany , and was the daughter of Francis II , Duke of Brittany and Margaret of Foix .
He is best known for setting the official Guinness Book of World Records record for the '' most consecutive days spent surfing '' ( 10,407 ) and his appearance in Step into Liquid .
from :08 \/O/ 11\/1980 till :15 \/O/ 11\/1980 color : C2 text : '' Jeanne ''
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second album by American rock band My Chemical Romance .
Francisco Franco Bahamonde ( 4 December 1892 in Ferrol -- 20 November 1975 in Madrid ) , commonly known as Francisco Franco ( ) was a military general and dictator of Spain from October 1936 , and de facto regent of the nominally restored Kingdom of Spain from 1947 until his death in 1975 .
She succeeded Anne Boleyn as Queen Consort following the latter 's execution in 1536 .
The district of Lippe is named after the Lords of Lippe and their Principality of Lippe .
Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field is the football stadium located at the corner of North Avenue at Techwood Drive on the campus of Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Georgia .
It was established in 1851.Columbia-Lippincott Gazeteer .
A parody mass is a musical setting of the mass , typically from the 16th century , that uses multiple voices of another pre-existing piece of music , such as a fragment of a motet or a secular chanson , as part of its melodic material .
Personal life Dandurand was born in Bourbonnais , Illinois .
At the next meeting of the board , Dudley was voted unanimously to become the second President of the college .
Survivor : Vanuatu - Islands of Fire , also known as Survivor : Vanuatu , is the ninth season of the American CBS competitive reality television series Survivor .
From 1983 to 2010 , Alan J. W. Bell produced and directed all episodes of the show .
The Monaro region is characterised by rolling hills that rise to extremely rugged peaks in the Tinderry Mountains and to shallow valleys in the upper Murrumbidgee .
She lists New York City as her favorite city because of its constant activity .
Other languages are Valarin ( the tongue of the Valar ) , and the Black Speech created by Sauron during the Second Age .
Dr. Rene Mayrhofer published Gibraltar Firewall in 1999 .
The Netherlands banned absinthe in 1909 ; the United States banned it in 1912 , and France in 1915 .
Sunbury-on-Thames , also known as Sunbury , is a town in the Surrey borough of Spelthorne , England , and part of the London commuter belt .
Otherwise starch requires heat to thicken , or '' gelatinize '' .
Paul Alter and Ira Skutch served as directors of Cullen 's version , while Alter and Marc Breslow directed the Rafferty version .
Islamic theology ( ) is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
Feudal rights were invested in the sovereign , with the local lord retaining some duties as enforcer of local justice and intermediary between the new inhabitants -- required to build houses within a specified time , often a year -- and the representatives of the sovereign .
Connective Tissue ( CT ) is found throughout the body .
A telescope or strong binoculars will resolve Neptune as a small blue disk , similar in appearance to Uranus .
It ran for six seasons on ABC , from 1988 through 1993 and each season took place exactly twenty years before the then current year ( thus the show takes place in 1968-73 ) .
Current mayor Richard M. Daley , son of the late Richard J. Daley , was elected in 1989 .
Details of the numbering and classification systems used by the ` Big Four ' companies are covered in the following pages :
Iceman ( Robert '' Bobby '' Louis Drake ) is a fictional Marvel Comics superhero , a member of the X-Men .
The company chose the Opéra Bastille as their principal theatre upon its completion in 1989 .
The North South Line , East West Line , North East Line and part of the Circle Line are operational while the Downtown Line and the remainder of the Circle Line are still under construction .
Red Bud is a city in Randolph County , Illinois .
The University of Texas at San Antonio ( also referred to as UTSA ) is a state university located in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Influenced by the doctrine of natural rights , these rights are held to be universal and valid in all times and places .
Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia ( police ) and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region .
The metamorphosed gabbro or diabase rock bodies , referred to as epidiorite , contain a considerable amount of this uralitic alteration .
Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can not reproduce eukaryotic cells , eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
Sinope did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' .
K. Brown and R. Tanner , History of the Scottish Parliament , i , ` introduction ' .
Also in Freetown are assorted beaches and markets , and the Sierra Leone Museum featuring the Ruiter Stone .
They were split into two groups of 4 : Group A and Group B. Each team in a group played each other once , with the top two teams in each group progressing to the semi-finals .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
The inaugural tournament was held in 1993 in Scotland , the birthplace of rugby sevens .
Their semi-major axes ( distances from Jupiter ) range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 and 154.8 , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
Caligula was a member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the Julio-Claudian dynasty .
At the Golden Melody Award 2006 in Taiwan , whilst performing renditions of other male singers ' songs , she went off-key and was heavily lambasted in the Chinese pop media , which reported that she has shattered her image of a pop diva with great singing skills .
The uvula plays a key role in the articulation of the sound of the human voice to form the sounds of speech .
Hwang Yoon-Suk , later to be known as Hwanhee , was encouraged to audition by a staff member working for the label at his high school festival .
On March 12 , 1996 , the concert was released on CD , and on December 18 , 2007 , the ' DVD set was released .
Continuing where Stitch !
Tin combines directly with chlorine forming tin ( IV ) chloride , while reacting tin with hydrochloric acid in water gives tin ( II ) chloride and hydrogen gas .
Syracuse University ( also referred to as SU , Syracuse , or ` Cuse ) is a private research university located in Syracuse , New York , United States .
This was the first release version to be called Pidgin , and contained a completely new graphics design .
Created by Mel Brooks and Buck Henry , the show starred Don Adams as Maxwell Smart , '' Agent 86 '' , Barbara Feldon as '' Agent 99 '' , and Edward Platt as The Chief of CONTROL , a secret American government counter-espionage agency .
She was honored with her own star plate on the Bulgarian Walk of Fame in Sofia in December 2005 .
There are several tools available to help one choose strong passwords , though doing so over any network connection is inherently unsafe as one ca n't in general know who , if anyone , may be eavesdropping on the interaction .
Often , they are used to protect people from sustaining an injury or being killed , in which case damaging the machine may be considered to be acceptable .
Buckingham Palace is the official London residence of the British monarch .
The second and third mentions of his military experience were in interviews for Melody Maker in 1967 and 1969 , where he spoke of his dislike of the army .
The word '' Muppet '' itself was said by Henson to have been created by combining the words '' Marionette '' and '' puppet '' .
It is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe , about 5,000 years old .
Hakan Yakin ( born 22 February 1977 in Basel ) is a Swiss footballer .
When Montresor appears not to recognize the gesture , Fortunato asks , '' You are not of the masons ? '' Montresor says he is , and when Fortunato , disbelieving , requests a sign , Montresor displays a trowel he had been hiding .
Following the break up of the group , Shearer co-wrote the film Real Life with Albert Brooks and started writing for Martin Mull 's television series Fernwood 2 Night .
They orbit each other with a period of 15.4 hours , which roughly indicates that the binary is very close - the separation being of the order of 10 - 20 km , if typical asteroid albedo and density values are assumed .
Drosera regia , commonly known as the king sundew , is a carnivorous plant in the sundew genus Drosera and is endemic to a single valley in South Africa .
Melissa Joan Catherine Hart ( born April 18 , 1976 ) is an American actress , writer , television director , television producer , singer and businesswoman best known for her title roles in the television series Clarissa Explains It All ( 1991 & ndash ; 1994 ) and the live action version of Sabrina the Teenage Witch ( 1996 & ndash ; 2003 ) .
Modern usage In modern usage , sophism , sophist , and sophistry are derogatory terms , due to the influence of many past philosophers .
After David Cameron was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 2005 , Hague returned to front line politics as shadow foreign secretary .
Sony 's principal business operations include Sony Corporation ( Sony Electronics in the U.S. ) , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Sony Computer Entertainment , Sony Music Entertainment , Sony Ericsson , and Sony Financial .
It will exhibit from 2010 sculptures , modern and contemporary paintings and graphic art .
Isaac Bashevis Singer ( ) ( November 21 , 1902 ( see notes below ) -- July 24 , 1991 ) was a Polish-born Jewish American Nobel Prize-winning author and one of the leading figures in the Yiddish literary movement .
Simple English is a controlled language ( a language with words that can be used only in ways that the creator of the language agrees with ? )
The primary examples are
Comcast Center is a skyscraper in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
Bagneux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The main gimmick of the show was that the cast wore '' solid rubber wigs '' ( not to be confused with the character of '' Sam the Lift '' in CBBC 's Incredible Games ) and eccentric jackets .
Microsoft stated that Windows 7 would be released to the general public on October 22 , 2009 .
Chillicothe is a city on the Illinois River in Peoria County , Illinois .
Despite initial concerns that professional wrestling would not be accepted by Sci Fi 's demographic , network President Bonnie Hammer stated that she believed ECW would fit the channel 's theme of '' stretching the imagination '' .
If heather and other vegetation is left for too long , a large volume of dry and combustible material builds up .
The court of King Charles V soon adopted the drink , and what was then only known as '' chocolate '' became a fashionable drink popular with the Spanish upper class .
Early career Rice was born to George and Maureen Rice and raised in Celbridge , County Kildare , Ireland .
South Korea is a presidential republic consisting of 16 administrative divisions .
Bad Aibling is a spa town and former district seat in Bavaria ( Germany ) on the river Mangfall , located some 35 miles southeast of Munich .
Only 150,000 people in the United States still speak the Dutch language at home today , concentrated mainly in Michigan ( i.e. the city of Holland ) , Tennessee , Miami , Houston , and Chicago .
Orthez ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
A not often used definition of glaze is the highly sintered compacted oxide layer formed due to the sliding of either two metallic surfaces ( or sometimes a metal surface and ceramic surface ) at very high temperatures ( normally several hundred degrees Celsius ) in oxidizing conditions .
Optimizing a website may involve editing its content and HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines .
She is also known as '' The Little Flower of Jesus '' .
In Toledo , El Greco received several major commissions and produced his best known paintings .
Lewis Paul Bremer III ( born September 30 , 1941 ) , also nicknamed Jerry Bremer , is an American diplomat .
There has been a recent growth in online publications and blogs .
The longest recorded length of this species is one found on Guam measuring three meters .
She is a former vegetarian .
He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery and Jackie was the first to light the eternal flame at the grave site , which had been created at her request .
The name of the colour is derived from the fruit , first appearing in this sense in 1542 .
Dallas Cowboys ( - )
The theorem was practically proved by Euclid ( in book 7 of Euclid 's elements , propositions 30 and 32 ) , but the first full and correct proof is found in the Disquisitiones Arithmeticae by Carl Friedrich Gauss .
Woodside is a neighborhood in the London Borough of Croydon located between Addiscombe and South Norwood .
The Byzantines , however , managed to stop further Islamic expansion into their lands during the 8th century and , beginning in the 9th century , reclaimed parts of the conquered lands .
The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel .
However , the American Ornithologists Union concluded after analyzing the film , that they had probably filmed feral parakeets .
The leaves are ovate 2.5 -- 9 cm ( 1 -- 3.5 in ) long , resembling orange leaves ( the scientific name aurantifolia refers to this resemblance to the leaves of the orange , C. aurantium ) .
Together with Walther Flemming , and Edouard van Beneden he elucidated chromosome distribution during cell division .
USB can connect computer peripherals such as mice , keyboards , PDAs , gamepads and joysticks , scanners , digital cameras , printers , personal media players , flash drives , and external hard drives .
Pugnac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He also played 34 matches for the Italy national football team from 1972 to 1979 .
The Boeing 747 is a widebody commercial airliner and cargo transport , often referred to by the nickname Jumbo Jet '' Woman to build house out of 747 . ''
Released in 2005 , the single peaked at # 39 in the UK .
During the 1960s the paper championed the new British groups emerging at the time .
Hooke was followed in 1676 by Anton van Leeuwenhoek , who drew and described microorganisms that are now thought to have been protozoa and bacteria .
For history of Japanese club football before the inception of the professional league in 1993 , see Japan Soccer League .
The M2 Thickener ( MIL-T-0903025B ) is a whitish powder similar to M1 , with added devolatilized silica and anticaking agent .
Judges should avoid drawing inferences from a statute or constitution and focus only on the text itself .
Bannu Division was an administrative division of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
( His background as a giant slalom downhill skier was useful for the film . )
Cheap Trick created a substantial fan base through its own brand of power pop music with a hard-edged yet melodic pop sound that combined the catchiness of The Beatles with the speed and energy of punk rock .
Perhaps the first full Sinatra concept album example is In the Wee Small Hours from 1955 , where the songs -- all ballads -- were specifically recorded for the album , and organized around a central mood of late-night isolation and aching lost love , with the album cover strikingly reinforcing that theme .
It can be readily oxidized to antimony pentoxide and related antimony ( V ) compounds , but it is also easily reduced to antimony , sometimes with production of stibine .
Chocolate cake is a cake flavored with melted chocolate or cocoa powder .
In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes as well as traditional flavoring in coffee and tea .
In August 1921 , the Moscow Izvestia published an official report announcing that ten '' anarchist bandits '' , among them Chernyi , had been shot without hearing or trial .
The synagogue on Ryhope Road , opened in 1928 , closed at the end of March 2006 .
The name of the play comes from the proverb All 's well that ends well , which means that problems do not matter so long as the outcome is good .
Label = 13th Floor Records ( original ) Triple X (/O1989/O) Time Bomb Recordings (/O1995/O)
After some consideration , she agreed to become the first Labour nominee for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945 .
It was formed in 60 BC and lasted until Crassus 's death in 53 BC .
A polar low is a small-scale , short-lived atmospheric low pressure system ( depression ) that is found over the ocean areas poleward of the main polar front in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres .
The Regensburg Cathedral , dedicated to St Peter , is the most important church and landmark of the city Regensburg , Germany .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1932/1933 season .
Leporello threatens to leave Giovanni , but his master calms him with a peace offering of money .
'' Northern wolves '' : large sized , large brained wolves with strong carnassials which inhabit North America , Europe and northern Asia .
Usually , a MSAD comprises one larger town and one or more smaller towns .
It was then that Thile realized that he wanted to '' put [ his ] stamp on the traditional bluegrass ensemble '' .
Government of the Dominican Republic takes place in a framework of a representative democracy , whereby the President of the Dominican Republic is both head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system .
Tunis is reconquered from the Normans by the Almohad caliphs .
It is the first book in the Artemis Fowl series , being followed by Artemis Fowl : The Arctic Incident .
These are the maxillary and labial palpi .
Hoboken sank from its earlier incarnation as a lively port town into a rundown condition and was often included in lists with other New Jersey cities experiencing the same phenomenon , such as Paterson , Elizabeth , Camden , and neighboring Jersey City .
He attended Patna Science College from 1953 to 1955 and is a 1959 graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur , India , obtained his Master 's Degree from the University of Toronto and earned his doctorate in Civil Engineering from the University of Illinois .
( The Donkey Kong character of this series is the grandchild of the title character from the original Donkey Kong game . )
After the session was over Jeff Hanneman approached him and the two began playing Iron Maiden and Judas Priest songs with the session drummer .
Stevens makes use of a variety of instruments , often playing many of them himself on the same track , and writes music in various time signatures .
A strategy is a plan of action designed to achieve a particular goal .
The friends are then shown going to a swimming pool and start swimming , with a couple making out underwater .
subdivision_name1 = Tulcea County
Influenced by the doctrine of natural rights , these rights are held to be universal and valid in all times and places .
The Ashes is a Test cricket series played between England and Australia .
Her father Ben was a skilled woodsman who managed the timber work on the plantation .
It is found in most of central , and eastern South America proper , in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Suriname - ( the Guianas ) , Paraguay , Peru , and Venezuela .
She pursued her musical career with the next album Tu Veneno and presentations in Gala de la Hispanidad , Gala de Murcia ( both in Spain ) and Festival de la Calle 8 in Miami .
Officer is unmanned , and is in Metcard Zone 2 .
The China Blue High-Definition ( CBHD ) , a high-definition optical disc format , was originally based upon the HD DVD format .
Every stalactite begins with a single mineral-laden drop of water .
There are many different varieties of dango which are usually named after the various seasonings served on or with it .
Long , J. , Archer , M. , Flannery , T. and Hand , S. 2002 .
Eisenstein completed a script by the start of October 1930 , but Paramount disliked it completely and , additionally , found themselves intimidated by Major Frank Pease , president of the Hollywood Technical Director 's Institute .
In the fields of communications , signal processing , and in electrical engineering more generally , a signal is any time-varying or spatial-varying quantity .
Small areas near the Great Lakes drain into the Great Lakes and eventually the St. Lawrence River ; the Red River Basin is centered on the North Dakota-Minnesota border and drains to Hudson Bay .
Ensuring ( to make sure that ) data is '' whole '' or complete .
Skaters wear similar gloves on each hand , while goaltenders wear gloves of different types on each hand .
He is a nine-time All-Star , four-time All-NBA team selection and also led Boston to the NBA Finals in 2008 , and 2010 , winning the 2008 NBA Finals . He was named the 2008 NBA Finals MVP in his first trip to the NBA Finals .
Persian limes are commercialized primarily in six sizes , known as 110 's , 150 's , 175 's , 200 's , 230 's and 250 's .
Thus while bumblebees have been found to be about ten times more efficient pollinators on cucurbits , the total efficiency of a colony of honey bees is much greater due to greater numbers .
Roman Herzog has also always been active in the Evangelical Church in Germany .
Innovations in roller printing on textiles introduced new dress fabrics .
May 12 -- Richard I of England marries Berengaria of Navarre .
The band has cited numerous punk and hardcore bands as influences to its music .
Initially passing by Antigua on August 1 , a hurricane hit Puerto Rico on August 2 causing 141 deaths .
IQ tests are updated periodically .
CQUniversity is an Australian public university based in Queensland . Its main campus is in North Rockhampton Queensland .
Teignmouth is a town and civil parish in Teignbridge in the English county of Devon , situated on the north bank of the estuary mouth of the River Teign .
It is mostly composed of water ice , with the balance made up of silicate rock , and other ices such as methane .
The District of Hinwil is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
August 24 -- Mount Vesuvius erupts , destroying Pompeii , Herculaneum , Stabiae and Oplontis .
At first , Charles II did not like Mary to marry a Dutch ruler .
Later , they were influenced by Pink Floyd , Santana , and The Who when they performed together during their many American tours .
Not all ants have the same kind of societies . The Australian bulldog ants are among the biggest and most basal of ants .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
Tropical Storm Zeta also extended the record number of storms to form in the 2005 season to twenty-eight , seven more than the previous record held by the 1933 season .
Even though the birds bred easily in captivity , little was done by owners to increase the population of tamed birds .
They vibrate , modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation .
These locations are also filled with objects with which the player can interact , that either benefit the player in some form ( light switches make it easier to see , while water fountains and broken hydrants provide some health points ) or simply provide diversion ( tipping strippers provokes a quote from Duke and a provocative reveal from the dancer ) .
Common testing procedures include amniocentesis , sonograms , nuchal translucency ultrasound , serum marker testing , or genetic screening .
See also Apportionment and redistricting Gerrymandering Taxation without representation Proportional Representation Representative Democracy References Ulbig , Stacy G. ( 2005 ) '' Political Realities and Political Trust : Descriptive Representation in Municipal Government '' .
Transliteration is a type of change in systems of writing or alphabets in which the biggest concern is for the individual letters or tokens to stay the same .
History The history of Salland goes back to the early Middle Ages , when the four quarters of Oversticht ( Salland , Twente , Land van Vollenhove and Drenthe ) were acquired by the Prince-Bishopric of Utrecht .
Central Arizona College , Coolidge
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia 's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates ( , ) = ( 45 , 10 ) or ( , ) = ( 45 , 190 ) with a 10 uncertainty .
He took courses in molecular , cellular and developmental biology .
Blood types are inherited and represent contributions from both parents .
Pohjola graduated from Berklee with honors and several prizes in 1994 .
Calcined petroleum coke ( CPC ) is the product from calcining petroleum coke .
Akon ( born Aliaune Badara Akon Thiam ) , ( ) , Ingolo.com : Pronunciation of Akon .
He also painted a canvas for the altar of the Church of San Francisco El Grande , which led to his appointment as a member of the Royal Academy of Fine Art .
Despite receiving mixed reviews upon release , 2001 : A Space Odyssey is today thought by some critics to be one of the greatest films ever made .
While at Cadet School , early in 1911 , Erwin Rommel met his future wife , 17-year-old Lucia Maria Mollin ( commonly called Lucie ) ( b. 6 June 1894 in Danzig ; d. 2 September 1971 in Stuttgart .
A samurai would have worn it from the time he awoke to the time he went to sleep , and slept with it under his pillow .
In 1981 , Israel passed the Golan Heights Law , which applied Israeli '' laws , jurisdiction and administration '' to the Golan Heights .
The writer of lyrics is a lyricist or lyrist .
Cincinnati is home to major sports teams including the Cincinnati Reds and the Cincinnati Bengals , as well as events like the Cincinnati Masters and the Thanksgiving Day race .
Devin Setoguchi ( born January 1 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Riverside is a city in Riverside County , California , United States , and the county seat of the eponymous county .
Some trails are designated backpacking trails , or long-distance trails , and are used by both day hikers and by backpackers .
Its capital is Raleigh , and its largest city is Charlotte .
Three days later , on March 11 , he became the first president to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery .
he has done his Msc in geology in the same university .
He was born in Verona and died in or near Venice .
NASA 's Dawn probe- launched on September 27 , 2007 - is the first space mission to Vesta .
The-Dream also helped with penning the songs '' Breakin ' Dishes '' , '' Sell Me Candy , '' and '' Lem/Ome Get That '' on the album .
His strategic achievements include the conquest of the Persian Empire 's Iraq and Roman Syria within three years from 633 to 636 .
Spirit Lake is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
The city has more than 3,100 years of history , and was known as Chang ` an ( ) before the Ming Dynasty .
Mt. Yoshino is famous for its many thousands of sakura trees .
Adrian I ( 772 795 ) : 23 years , 10 months and 25 days ( 8,729 days ) .
The Bali Tiger ( Panthera tigris balica ) , harimau Bali in Indonesian , or referred to as samong in archaic Balinese languageHistory Of The Indian Archipelago , volume II , John Crawfurd , 1820 , Edinburgh , pp .
A typical usage is giving opening hours ending at midnight , e.g. '' 00:00 - 24:00 '' , '' 07:00 - 24:00 '' . Similarly , some railway timetables show 00:00 as departure time and 24:00 as arrival time .
The album succeeded expectations and sold in excess of 9 million , four million of that figure came from sales in the United States alone .
He is the founder of Telugu Desam Party and served as Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh .
Pizza romana ( in Naples ) : tomato , mozzarella , anchovies , oregano , oil ;
Truex won the Nationwide Series Championship in 2004 and 2005 .
Deng Xiaoping ( ; 22 August 1904 19 February 1997 ) was a Chinese politician , statesman , theorist , and diplomat .
Popenoe , Hugh , Steven R. King , Jorge Leon , Luis Sumar Kalinowski , and Noel D. Vietmeyer .
The two label-mates would later collaborate on a line of hit songs , including '' Forgot About Dre '' and '' What 's the Difference '' from Dr. Dre 's album 2001 , '' Bitch Please II '' from The Marshall Mathers LP , '' Say What You Say '' from The Eminem Show , '' Encore\/Curtains Down '' from Encore and '' Old Time 's Sake '' and '' Crack a Bottle '' from Relapse .
Joensuu is sometimes referred to as the Forest Capital of Europe , mainly due to the fact that the European Forest Institute is based there . Other forestry research and educational facilities are also based in Joensuu .
Bin Laden believes that the restoration of Sharia law will set things right in the Muslim world , and that all other ideologies- '' pan-Arabism , socialism , communism , democracy '' - must be opposed .
However , it is important to remember that Satanists generally do not view the Satanic sins , statements , and rules of the earth as things that one must go out of their way to do .
He traveled extensively in the course of his business , throughout New England and from Quebec to the West Indies , often in command of one of his own ships .
Scott William Raynor , Jr. ( born May 23 , 1978 ) is an American drummer best known for being a founding member of the band Blink-182 before being replaced by Travis Barker in 1998 .
Other Baptists accept the label , feeling that it does not carry a negative connotation but rather is merely a synonym for a Christian or religious group with common beliefs , organized in a cooperative manner to spread its beliefs worldwide .
Hewitt later had roles in several short-lived television series , such as Fox 's Shaky Ground ( 1992 1993 ) , ABC 's The Byrds of Paradise ( 1994 ) , and McKenna ( 1994 1995 ) , and finally became a young star after landing the role of Sarah Reeves on the popular Fox Television show Party of Five ( 1995 1999 ) .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
A soprano is a singing voice with a vocal range ( using scientific pitch notation , where middle C = C4 ) from approximately middle C ( C4 ) to '' high A '' ( A5 ) in choral music , or to '' soprano C '' ( C6 , two octaves above middle C ) or higher in operatic music .
Suicide ( Latin suicidium , from sui caedere , '' to kill oneself '' ) is the act of a human being intentionally causing his or her own death .
The street was originally known as Dog Kennel Lane .
They estimated the height and width of the skulls where pieces of bone were missing .
Zoteux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On September 16 , 2006 , he competed in the first Masters of Pain tournament where he lost to the '' Crazy Monkey '' Jun Kasai after defeating 2 Tuff Tony and Corporal Robinson .
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
William Whewell ( 24 May 1794 -- 6 March 1866 ) was an English polymath , scientist , Anglican priest , philosopher , theologian , and historian of science .
The grave of John Gilbert is near the town in the former police paddock .
A frontal low pressure system off the coast of South Carolina developed into Tropical Depression One on June 30 .
( age 64-65 )
Nature 's Gentleman , whether European-born or exotic , takes his place in this cast of characters , along with the Wise Egyptian , Persian , and Chinaman .
Thallium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Tl and atomic number 81 .
They have been described as multum in parvo ( '' much in little '' ) , referring to the pug 's personality and small size .
The Parthenon Marbles , known also as the Elgin Marbles , are a collection of classical Greek marble sculptures ( mostly by Phidias and his pupils ) , inscriptions and architectural members that originally were part of the Parthenon and other buildings on the Acropolis of Athens .
The official English title used by Nippon Animation is Conan , The Boy in Future .
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue , which it uses to catch its prey at a great speed .
It is currently the unit used for speed limits , and speeds , on roads in the United Kingdom and United States .
( cf . Britannia major , '' Greater Britain '' and Britannia minor '' Lesser Britain '' ) .
Brahui is spoken in the southwest region of Pakistan and border regions of Afghanistan and Iran with Pakistan .
The show ran for two complete seasons and a third , truncated season ( dubbed '' The Lost Episodes '' ) .
Naguib Mahfouz ( , ) ( December 11 , 1911 -- August 30 , 2006 ) was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature .
In many national currencies , the cent is a monetary unit that equals 1/100 of the basic monetary unit .
He lives in London with his wife , Lucy , and children , Leo , Max , and Libby .
This store can be seen today on Quai de l'Ile .
The name Brigantes ( ) is cognate to that of the goddess Brigantia .
As with most river and creek valleys in south-eastern Australia , the natural landscape of Araluen Creek and its valley were completely destroyed by rampant and extremely destructive gold mining during the ` gold rush ' in the latter half of the 19th century .
This is in marked contrast to Herodotus , who frequently mentions multiple versions of his stories and allows the reader to decide which is true .
A heat pump can be used to provide heating or cooling . Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
Gymnosperms are seed-bearing plants , whose seeds do not form inside fruits but outside the ovum .
The part which went into the Saar became commonly known as Saarpfalz , and was administrated by the two Bezirksamt St. Ingbert and Homburg .
The population was 3,629 at the 2000 census , and the ZIP Code for the city is 74056 .
In 1983 he was awarded with one star in the French Michelin Guide , as the third chef outside France at this time .
While at Trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams .
Around this time , many southern lowland sites ( most notably in Tikal ) experienced a short period of limited decline , called the '' Middle Classic Hiatus '' .
The enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase normally converts the amino acid phenylalanine into the amino acid tyrosine .
Expansion The MRT system had relied on its two main lines , namely the North South Line and East West Line , for more than a decade until the opening of the North East Line in 2003 .
The bier is a flat frame , traditionally wooden but sometimes of other materials .
Babajan , whose birthname was Gulrukh '' Face like a Rose '' , was born as a Pashtun princess to a Muslim royal family of Balochistan .
Plots on paper with one log scale can show up exponential laws , and on log-log paper power laws , as straight lines ( see semi-log graph , log-log graph ) .
The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples , believing that thyme was a source of courage .
'' Neumatic '' chants are more embellished and ligatures , a connected group of notes , written as a single compound neume , abound in the text . Melismatic chants are the most ornate chants in which elaborate melodies are sung on long sustained vowels as in the Alleluia , ranging from five or six notes per syllable to over sixty in the more prolix melismas .
Solange Piaget Knowles ( born June 24 , 1986 ) , who performs under the mononym Solange , is an American recording artist , actress , model and dancer .
Thumper , a character in the James Bond film Diamonds Are Forever
The site serves over 20 billion page views per month , putting it in 37th place overall among web sites worldwide and 10th place overall among web sites in the United States ( per Alexa.com on , 2011 ) , with over unique monthly visitors in the United States alone ( per Compete.com on , 2010 ) .
Strike ( 1925 ) was Eisenstein 's first full-length feature film .
Patterns , all with or without white markings , include : Sable Irish spotting Piebald spotting Extreme black spotting Brindle Masks Tan points White Black Blue Merle The merle coat pattern is not traditionally considered part of the breed standard .
So far , due to lack of direct observations , it is unknown if Tip maintains the world record .
They emerge as adults solely to mate , and as such , only live approximately one week .
It is the only known member of the genus Mesonychoteuthis . Though it is known from only a few specimens , current estimates put its maximum size at 12 - 14 metres ( 39 - 46 feet ) long , based on analysis of smaller and immature specimens , making it the largest known invertebrate .
On 19 December 2006 , a continuous heavy downpour occurred in Johor , which led to the 2006-2007 Malaysian floods .
He influenced Pablo Picasso as a modern artist , and also left a lot of modernist buildings in Sitges , a town in Catalonia very influenced by that artist .
Undated Stamp duty is removed from newspapers in Britain , creating mass market media in the United Kingdom .
During the Dry season , those rivers are reduced to a series of waterholes and sandy beds .
Many civilians and military officers living or stationed in Siberia and the Russian Far East moved to Harbin , Shanghai and other cities of China , Central Asia , and Eastern Turkestan , as well as Japan .
The first of the so-called contactees of the 1950s , he styled himself to be a '' philosopher , teacher , student and saucer researcher '' , though his claims were met with skepticism .
In 1998 he did voice-over work for the computer-animated film Antz , which was a big hit domestically .
David Boris Pall ( 2 April 1914 - 21 September 2004 ) , founder of Pall Corporation , was the chemist who invented the Pall filter used in blood transfusions .
Next , Astrid is sent to the home of a Hispanic woman named Amelia Ramos .
It has no permanent residents , and is a bird sanctuary , so landing there is banned from March 15 to July 27 .
The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for Coldplay 's debut album , Parachutes .
` METALLICA 's ULRICH , HAMMETT Talk About ` The Judas Kiss ' ; Video Available , reported by Blabbermouth.net September 11 , 2008 .
The technology behind animatronics has become more advanced and sophisticated over the years , making the puppets even more realistic and lifelike .
The cartoon , despite having a '' realistic '' setting in the fictional town of Edge City , would often rely more on Tex Avery-style humor and on occasion , broke any meaningful laws of reality ; one episode featured the Goofalotatots , parodies of the Animaniacs , treating them as if they were naturally alive .
Neelo or Abida Riaz is a well known actress from Lahore and mother of the film actor Shaan .
Another story tells of a greedy man who kept food from his tribe ; warriors speared him and he crawled away into the bushes , where he turned into an Echidna , the spears becoming his spines .
Flickr is an image and video hosting website , web services suite , and online community platform .
Napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops made camp nearby .
He plays for the J-league team Tokyo Verdy .
Berg completed the orchestration of only the first two acts of his later three-act opera Lulu , before he died .
Animal husbandry not only refers to the breeding and raising of animals for meat or to harvest animal products ( like milk , eggs , or wool ) on a continual basis , but also to the breeding and care of species for work and companionship .
For the structure in the cerebellum , see cerebellar tonsil .
Alexandre Bolduc ( born June 26 , 1985 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The 1996 model year marked another significant redesign of the then-aging 4Runner . Whereas the transition to the second generation 4Runner was one that kept the build quality and options roughly on par with the rest of the mid-size SUV market , the changes made in the third generation turned the 4Runner into a more luxury-oriented vehicle .
He then returned to Iran in 1964 where he was arrested and imprisoned by the Imperial Iranian authorities for engaging in subversive political activities while in France .
They can occur both naturally and artificially , examples being proteins , such as wool and silk , and can be made artificially through step-growth polymerization or solid-phase synthesis , examples being nylons , aramids , and sodium poly ( aspartate ) .
It was announced on July 7 , 2008 , that Coates would be inducted into the New England Patriots Hall of Fame .
Fabio Capello ( born 18 June 1946 ) is an Italian football manager and former professional player .
Robinson 's eldest son , Jackie Robinson Jr. , had emotional trouble during his childhood and entered special education at an early age .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
International Criminal Court , 17 March 2006 .
Yasuhiro Tominaga ( , born May 22 , 1980 in Kitakyushu , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for the J. League Division 2 team Consadole Sapporo .
The band formed in 1998 and broke up in 2002 .
Shower curtains are curtains used in bathtubs with a shower or shower enclosures .
Guinea 's capital city is a port on the Atlantic Ocean .
To distinguish players of different nations , a flag is placed beside players born outside of Canada based on their place of birth ; the Canadian flag ( ) will not be shown next to Canadian-born players in order to avoid visual clutter .
Fontenay-le-Pesnel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Cemeteries uncovered on the islands have shown that Palau has the oldest known burial ceremony in Oceania .
The lesser trochanter was a weak ripple proximodistally lying on the latero-anterior surface , and the main parts of the trochanter were below the level of the femoral head ( Gauffre , 1993 ) .
The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar , Jeff Ament on bass guitar ( both ex-members of Mother Love Bone ) , Mike McCready on lead guitar , Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder providing lead and backing vocals .
Otherwise , it can be scooped directly from the sieve into a tea bowl .
Further , biface technology is almost unknown in Australian prehistory .
With the brand extension introduced in mid-2002 , the 30 entrants from 2003 to 2006 consisted of 15 wrestlers from both the Raw and SmackDown !
Mark LaVarre ( born February 21 , 1965 in Evanston , Illinois ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 65 games in the National Hockey League .
Naevius Sutorius Macro is said to gain favor in the empire by prostituting his wife Eunius to Tiberius
It is also the second largest subprefecture in France ( after Reims ) .
Many cars produced for the pre-WWII voiturette Grand Prix motor racing category used inline-four engine designs .
Their songs typically have humorous and off-beat , satirical lyrics that often deal with sexual subjects and contain many puns and innuendos .
Les champs fleurissent d'esp érance
His travel literature , extensive diaries and correspondence have also been published .
Released on October 31 , 1996 , the album was limited to production of 1,000 copies .
However , other country music singers , such as Loretta Lynn , Allison Moorer , Dolly Parton , Trisha Yearwood , Vince Gill , Garth Brooks , Martina McBride , and Reba McEntire , have refused to use Auto-Tune .
On the June 19 episode of Raw , DX marked their return , when the duo humiliated the Spirit Squad as DX dumped green slime onto the group and embarrassed the team afterwards , by beating them .
( see release history )
Bertsch studied History of Art at TU Berlin and went on to set up Germany 's first design management office in 1988 with Matthias Dietz .
At the Gates is a Melodic death metal band from Gothenburg , Sweden , and a major progenitor of the Gothenburg death metal sound .
The first recorded outbreak of the Black Death occurs in the Chinese province of Hubei .
This type of dancing is very hard to achieve and takes much practice to master .
In his final decade , Walton found composition increasingly difficult .
The population of the Atlantic provinces was 2,332,535 in 2007 .
They are commonly grown indoors as houseplants .
Because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .
Clunes is a town in Victoria , Australia , located 36 kilometres north of Ballarat , in the Shire of Hepburn .
Macleans College is a co-educational secondary school in New Zealand situated in the Auckland suburb of Bucklands Beach .
Japan has had professional baseball since the 1930s . Nippon Professional Baseball consists of two leagues , the Central League and the Pacific League , each with six teams .
Scales are usually ctenoid , although sometimes they are cycloid or otherwise modified .
Chahaignes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Though founded in 1887 , under Jack Hyles ' leadership from 1959 2001 it became one of the megachurches in the United States and during the 1970s had the highest Sunday school attendance of any church in the world .
The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions , but only 9 became storms .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m. , August 28 , 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell , Louisiana , warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina .
It was released on DVD and VHS on November 2 , 2001 .
Luigi Apolloni ( born 2 May 1967 in Frascati ) is an Italian retired football player , and currently head coach of Serie B club Grosseto .
C.
The game port was the traditional connector for video game input devices on x86-based PCs .
Todd Bodine won the 2006 Craftsman Truck Championship on Nov 17 , 2006 by 122 points over Johnny Benson ; it was Bodine 's first-ever championship in any division .
She disappeared in 1988 in Mourmelon , and her body was later found in the nearby woods .
While living in Dunedin he was an active member of the New Zealand Alpine Club and made several first ascents of mountains in the Mount Aspiring\/Tititea region of Central Otago .
Calcium oxide ( CaO ) , commonly known as quicklime or burnt lime , is a widely used chemical compound .
Folk metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that developed in Europe during the 1990s .
'' Nave '' ( Medieval Latin navis , '' ship '' ) was probably suggested by the keel shape of its vaulting .
CSOR is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command ( CANSOFCOM ) .
There was an unsuccessful campaign to award her a posthumous Nobel Peace Prize ; however , a posthumous nomination has never been considered for the award .
Because they are fitted with high-resolution digital cameras , any variant can also be used as a surveillance tool .
Glarus ( German : ; ; ; ) is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Though Universal 's film unit did produce occasional hits , among them Airport , The Sting , American Graffiti , Earthquake , and a blockbuster that restored the company 's fortunes , Jaws , Universal in the 1970s was primarily a television studio .
Facing Kansas City in the 1980 World Series , the Phillies won their first World Series championship in six games thanks to the timely hitting of Mike Schmidt and Pete Rose .
Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Wario series is a series of video games created by Nintendo starring the character Wario .
Vendetta is typical of societies with a weak rule of law ( or where the state does n't consider itself responsible for mediating this kind of dispute ) where family and kinship ties are the main source of authority .
Sporangia , also known as sporanges ( sing . , sporange ) , can produce spores by mitosis , but in nearly all land plants and many fungi , sporangia are the site of meiosis and produce genetically unique haploid spores .
Jerome Allen '' Jerry '' Seinfeld ( born April 29 , 1954 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor and writer , best known for playing a semi-fictional version of himself in the situation comedy Seinfeld ( 1989 -- 1998 ) , which he co-created and co-wrote with Larry David , and , in the show 's final two seasons , co-executive-produced .
After a career in foreign exchange Key entered the New Zealand House of Representatives in 2002 representing the Auckland constituency of Helensville , a seat that he has held since then .
How Pop Can You Get ?
Some speakers of Esperanto and Ido also avoid the term '' artificial language '' because they deny that there is anything '' unnatural '' about the use of their language in human communication .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
It is a picturesque small town in Upper Valais , situated at the foot of the northern slope of the Simplon Pass , on the right bank of the Saltine stream , and a little above its junction with the Rhone .
A significant human pathogenic bacterium , S. pneumoniae was recognized as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century , and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies .
Cobain came up with the song 's title when his friend Kathleen Hanna , at the time the lead singer of the Riot Grrrl punk band Bikini Kill , spray painted '' Kurt Smells Like Teen Spirit '' on his wall .
His paintings of the birth of science out of alchemy , often based on the meetings of the Lunar Society , a group of very influential scientists and industrialists living in the English Midlands , are a significant record of the struggle of science against religious values in the period known as the Age of Enlightenment .
Two party preferred polling of 49 percent for Labor saw a swing against them .
He joined the engineering faculty and the physics faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1951 . He was Professor of Electrical Engineering and of Physics at Illinois .
The witches inform Banquo that he will father a line of kings , though he himself will not be one .
Collongues is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Ardres is located 10.1 mi by rail ( station is at Pont-d ` Ardres , a few km from Ardres ) S.S.E. of Calais , with which it is also connected by a canal ( very limited turning space ) .
Butternut Square ran from 1964 to 1967 .
On 4 November 1956 , the Soviets retaliated massively with military force , sending in over 150,000 troops and 2,500 tanks .
Kurt Donald Cobain ( February 20 , 1967 - c. April 5 , 1994 ) was an American singer-songwriter , musician and artist , best known as the lead singer and guitarist of the grunge band Nirvana .
It was officially created ( with part of the province of Milan ) on May 12 , 2004 , but became effective with the elections of 6/7 June 2009 .
The position of royal printmaker was public office , and thereby also made her the first female official in Sweden .
In most encyclopedic sources , the name '' panda '' or '' common panda '' originally referred to the lesser-known Red Panda , thus necessitated the inclusion of '' giant '' and '' lesser/red '' prefixes in front of the names .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
Sahih al-Bukhari 1503 The Prayer and the Sermon on Eid day .
Edward Seidensticker made the first complete translation into English , using a more literal method than Waley .
Statistical leaders Leading scorers Player Points ( g-a ) Games Played Wayne Gretzky 25 ( 13 -- 12 ) 18 Mario Lemieux 23 ( 13-10 ) 10 Joe Sakic 22 ( 6 -- 16 ) 12 Mark Messier 20 ( 6 -- 14 ) 15 Gordie Howe 19 ( 10 -- 9 ) 23 Most appearances Gordie Howe , 23 times .
Until 1983 it was known as the Scottish Tramway Museum Society .
Yumi Tsukirino
Bavent is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It consists of the main island of Anguilla itself , approximately long by wide at its widest point , together with a number of much smaller islands and cays with no permanent population .
He is currently in prison for the 1989 murder of a border guard in Brusio , Switzerland .
Brawl , known in Japan as , is the third installment in the Super Smash Bros. series of crossover fighting games , developed by Sora and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
Welch has stated although she would like to tour the United States she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the time it would take to tour the country .
The full publication title is The Holy Scriptures According to the Masoretic Text : A New Translation with the Aid of Previous Versions and with Constant Consultation of Jewish Authorities .
Its opening-day gross of $ 45.5 million is the fourth-highest on record while its opening weekend gross of $ 103 million is the fifth highest ever .
Fly to the Sky was a South Korean R&B duo , consisting of Korean American Brian Joo and South Korean native Hwanhee .
Landfall was in Mexico , near La Pesca , Tamaulipas , on August 11 .
Masakazu Suzuki is a retired Japanese football player and manager .
WrestleMania 2000 ( chronologically known as WrestleMania XVI ) was the sixteenth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) .
As they burst through the geyser 's vent , some water overflows or splashes out , reducing the weight of the column and thus the pressure on the water underneath .
Its mechanism of action is as an NMDA receptor antagonist , producing effects similar to those of the controlled substances ketamine and phencyclidine ( PCP ) .
The island is divided between the Republic of Ireland , which covers just under five-sixths of the island , and Northern Ireland , a part of the United Kingdom , which covers the remainder and is located in the northeast of the island .
The Richemont Group named , in October 2005 , Juan Carlos Torres as the Chief Executive Officer of the Swiss watchmaking company .
This led to Mercedes-Benz increasing their financial involvement in Ilmor , with the company being renamed Mercedes-Ilmor Ltd./ORGANIZATION.
The film stars Noah Ringer as Aang , and also stars Nicola Peltz , Jackson Rathbone , and Dev Patel .
Nick Clegg ( LD )
Sezen Aksu and Her Children Her work with Tarkan resulted in continental hits like '' mar k '' and '' k d m , '' and her collaboration with Goran Bregovi widened her international audience .
After the massive success of '' Believe '' , many artists imitated the technique , which became known as the '' Cher Effect '' .
bar :11 color : red from :1995 till : end text : Tulane ( 1995 & ndash ; present )
Yasuhiro Hiraoka is a Japanese footballer who plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
It is primarily understood in the Muslim world as a term of respect for an educated man .
Anthony Vanden Borre ( born 24 October 1987 in Likasi ) is a Belgian footballer , who currently plays for Racing Genk , whom he joined in January 2011 .
The Courier-Mail is a daily newspaper published in Brisbane , Australia .
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is the capital of the island and the seat of the island council ( cabildo insular ) .
Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94 .
It also appears in the ABC television series ' Queen Kat , Carmel & St Jude and Something in the Air .
Earliest History Not much information is available as to when Ripley was founded , but it existed at the time of Domesday , when it was held by a man called Levenot .
In 1948 the theatre was renamed the Tyl Theatre ( after dramatist J.K. Tyl ) and would be known as such until 1990 when , at the end of an eight year reconstruction project , it became known again as the Estates Theatre .
He was honoured Rajiv Gandhi Award for '' Excellence in the Field of Entertainment '' in 2002 , and a Padma Shri , India 's fourth-highest civilian award from the Government of India in 2005 .
The pitcher 's mound was not moved back to its present position of until Young 's fourth season ; he did not wear a glove until his sixth season .
History Until very recently , Golant has been virtually unknown except to its inhabitants and pilgrims and other walkers of the Saints ' Way .
He researched ocean tides ( for which he won the Royal Medal ) , published work in the disciplines of mechanics , physics , geology , astronomy , and economics , while also finding the time to compose poetry , author a Bridgewater Treatise , translate the works of Goethe , and write sermons and theological tracts .
A planet ( or asteroid or comet ) is said to be '' in opposition '' when it is in opposition to the Sun as seen from the Earth .
By the age of 13 , Zevon was an occasional visitor to the home of Igor Stravinsky where he , alongside Robert Craft , briefly studied modern classical music .
During the War of 1812 , the British military attempted to capture the port of Baltimore , which was protected by Fort McHenry .
Mammals are perhaps most well-known for burrowing , especially Insectivora like the voracious mole , and rodents like the prolific gopher and groundhog .
Events and trends Newton and Leibniz independently discovered calculus .
Microscopic forms that live suspended in the water column ( phytoplankton ) provide the food base for most marine food chains .
People in the Western civilization know English , Spanish , Portuguese , French and\/or Dutch .
His first feature film appearance was in the musical '' [ [ Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ( film ) | Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ] ] '' , where he sang [ [ The Beatles ] ] ' '' [ [ Maxwell 's Silver Hammer ] ] '' .
He was also an influential exponent of wood engraving and woodcuts as art forms .
The film stars Brendan Fraser , Maria Bello , John Hannah , Luke Ford , and Jet Li , and was released on August 1 , 2008 in the United States .
Nicholas Le Quesne '' Nick '' Herbert ( born 7 April 1963 ) is a British politician and the Conservative Member of Parliament for Arundel and South Downs .
Once while he sat sulking and occupying himself with needlework , a courtier suggested that such behavior was to be expected from a descendant of the bastard son of a tanner 's daughter ( referring to his great-grandfather William the Conqueror being the son of Herleva , daughter of Fulbert a tanner from the Norman town of Falaise ) .
The '' Maccabees '' described in these books are not those of the Hasmonean dynasty , and the '' Five Holy Maccabean Martyrs '' here do not correspond to the martyred '' Woman with seven sons '' , who were also referred to as '' Maccabees '' and are revered throughout Orthodoxy as the '' Holy Maccabean Martyrs '' .
After a long series of concerts , the band returned to Sweden in order to spend time with their families and begin writing songs for their next album .
It currently has a worldwide membership of over 17 million people , has a missionary presence in over 200 countries and territories and is ethnically and culturally diverse .
According to their website , GSSI 's staff consists of scientists studying the correlation and effects of exercise , environment , and nutrition on the human body , using the latest scientific technology and equipment , while collaborating with other scientists worldwide to further research exercise science and sports nutrtition .
Mansell remains the most successful British Formula One driver of all time in terms of race wins with 31 victories , and is fourth overall on the Formula One race winners list behind Michael Schumacher , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna .
While some of these other species might have been ancestors of H. sapiens , many were likely our '' cousins '' , having speciated away from our ancestral line .
Steven Paul Jobs ( born February 24 , 1955 ) is an American businessman , co-founder and CEO of Apple Inc. and former CEO of Pixar Animation Studios .
Her father , Alan Kildow , who had been a national junior skiing champion before a knee injury at 18 , '' pushed '' her very hard , according to Sailer .
The municipality only comprises the city of Mortsel proper .
Albert Einstein , Essays in Science , Philosophical Library ( 1934 ) , p. 100 The double-slit experiment , and its variations , then became a classic Gedankenexperiment ( thought experiment ) for its clarity in expressing the central puzzles of quantum mechanics .
Alison Balsom ( born 1978 , Hertfordshire ) is an English trumpet soloist .
Gilles de Binche ( called Binchois ) , also known as Gilles de Bins ( c. 1400 -- 20 September 1460 ) , was a Franco-Flemish composer , one of the earliest members of the Burgundian School , and one of the three most famous composers of the early 15th century .
The winning bid will be announced in 2015 .
The United States presidential election of 2004 was the United States ' 55th quadrennial presidential election .
Katsuyuki Kawachi ( born April 27 , 1955 ) is a former Japanese football player .
With a Spitzer size estimate of , this plutino is also a dwarf planet candidate .
However , piracy is widespread around Somalia 's coastal areas , making sea transport risky .
It is entirely dependent on humans for its reproduction and does not occur naturally in the wild .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Basham , A.L. ( 1968 ) , Pacific Affairs , University of British Columbia , 641-643 There are differences in culture among the different ethnic groups in matters such as dress , food , and religion , especially where pre-Islamic customs differ from Islamic practices .
The next day , late in the afternoon , a dozen men under the command of Maj. Allan Wilson were sent across the river to patrol the area .
The name Amazon.com was chosen because the Amazon River is the largest river in the world , and so the name suggests large size , and also in part because it starts with ` A ' and therefore would show up near the beginning of alphabetical lists .
His stepfather is a choir conductor .
The club established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football during the 1950s .
She will not be a candidate for re-election as Governor in 2010 .
Pouillat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
One advantage of the Feistel model compared to a substitution-permutation network is that the round function does not have to be invertible .
Two Horcruxes have been destroyed ; the diary and a ring , and Harry and Dumbledore locate another , although it is a fake .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
He went on to have '' Zelewski '' officially removed from his name in November 1941 because of its Polish sound .
Bay Lake is a city in Orange County , Florida , United States .
'' Saturdays of Thunder '' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons third season .
Noraduz cemetery ( ) is a medieval cemetery with a large number of early khachkars located in the village of Noraduz , Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan , 90 km north of Yerevan .
July 17 & ndash ; Battle of Navas de Tolosa : The Christian kingdoms of Spain decisively defeat the Almohads .
He played nearly 300 times in The Football League for Preston North End and represented Scotland seven times , as well as playing for Partick Thistle and Carlisle United .
'' Pressure '' is a song by American rock band Paramore . It was released on June 31 , 2005 as the first single from their debut album , All We Know Is Falling .
While Varus was on his way from his summer camp somewhere west of the Weser river to the winter headquarters near the Rhine , he heard reports of a local rebellion , fabricated by Arminius .
( It has been proposed by moderates in Pakistan and India to make the Siachen Glacier region a Peace Park ) .
There are varying degrees and forms of dependence , commonly distinguished from other subnational entities in that they are not considered to be part of the motherland or mainland of the governing State .
ISBN 1905713029 McColman , Carl ( 2003 ) The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Celtic Wisdom .
Begging the question is related to the circular argument , circulus in probando ( Latin , '' circle in proving '' ) or circular reasoning , though these are considered absolutely different by Aristotle .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
Magnant is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mikhail Bulgakov was born to Russian parents on May 15 , 1891 in Kiev ( now the capital of Ukraine ) , in the Russian Empire .
They achieved worldwide fame with the release of the single '' Yellow '' in 2000 , followed by their debut album released in the same year , Parachutes , which was nominated for the Mercury Prize .
He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Arsenal .
The town 's unusual name has brought it a certain amount of notoriety .
On June 17 , 1977 , Biden and Jacobs married .
However , on the insistence of his wife , he did take antibiotics immediately after that endoscopy so there was no way of double-checking the negative result .
There are also hybrid games combining aspects of both pool and carom billiards , such as English billiards , American four-ball billiards , cowboy pool and bottle pool .
Kwanzaa is a weeklong celebration held in the United States honoring universal African-American heritage and culture , observed from December 26 to January 1 each year .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
Tradition holds that he made enough money to go into the nautical business , but that the venture collapsed .
Dame Anne Begg , DBE ( born 6 December 1955 ) is a British Labor Party politician , who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Aberdeen South since 1997 .
In Greek mythology , Alcmene or Alcmena ( Greek : ) was the mother of Heracles .
Follow-up singles '' Everything I Own '' and '' Diary '' also went Top 20 .
Climates can be classified according to the average and the typical ranges of different variables , most commonly temperature and precipitation .
A Reading Day is held by the school library for all students to read or to take part in activities related to reading .
Itch ( Latin : pruritus ) is an unpleasant that causes the desire or reflex to scratch .
He was Governor of the Indies ( Hispaniola ) from 1502 until 1509 .
Urzicu a is a commune that can be found in Dolj County , Romania .
Hermann Joseph Muller ( or H. J. Muller ) ( December 21 , 1890 -- April 5 , 1967 ) was an American geneticist , educator , and Nobel laureate best known for his work on the physiological and genetic effects of radiation ( X-ray mutagenesis ) as well as his outspoken political beliefs .
Kalri Lake ( ) predominantly called as Keenjhar Lake ( ) is located in Thatta , Sindh , Pakistan .
Among the Nilotic Kavirondo married men who are fathers wore a small piece of goat-skin ( Sembe ) , which though practically useless as a covering was worn according to ethnic etiquette .
It is the site of Feather Falls , the sixth largest waterfall in the United States .
An oligopoly is a market form in which a market or industry is dominated by a small number of sellers ( oligopolists ) .
Phor entered Fuhua Secondary in 2002 .
Zoheb Hassan ( born : November 18 , 1966 ) is a self retired Pakistani pop icon , and left the music industry after the sad demise of his sister and sub-continental pop legend , Nazia Hassan .
At a concentration of 23.3 % , the freezing point of NaCl brine is lowered to 21 C ( 252.15 K , 6 F ) , and that of CaCl2 brine down to -40 C ( 233.15 K , -40 F ) .
The stirring final solo and chorus , which take up weightier matters ( the meaning of life , the last trumpet , the eternal afterlife ) , might be taken to show what a remarkable work Haydn could have composed had he had access to a more serious libretto .
About 90 % of those infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis have asymptomatic , latent TB infection ( sometimes called LTBI ) , with only a 10 % lifetime chance that a latent infection will progress to TB disease .
Leopold I , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1658 -- 1705 ) .
The silkmoths have a wingspan of 3 & ndash ; 5 cm ( 1.5 & ndash ; 2 inches ) and a white hairy body .
i.e. , language is not the only source of communication , there are other means also .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet ( exchanging textual messages in real time ) .
She wrote that Jesus revealed to her , her purpose : to spread the devotion of the Mercy of God .
Ville-Savoye is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Its documentaries focused mainly on popular science , technology , history and culture , similar to that of the National Geographic Channel and History .
As of 2008 , 24 Socialist Party members are elected members of trade union national executive committees .
Being a complex man as a policy maker , many Koreans continue to hold Park in high regard in great part due to the industrial and economic growth experienced by South Korea under his presidency .
Huntingdon College is ranked by the Princeton Review as one of the best liberal arts colleges in the Southeast and is also ranked as a '' Best Value '' by the Princeton Review .
The band were ranked # 46 on VH1 's Greatest Artists of Hard Rock program .
The main difference is that the ball may bounce twice before it is hit , the second bounce may even be outside the court .
After the match , Triple H , who was the Special Guest Referee , executed a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton .
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives directly at its targets in order to provide greater accuracy for the bomb it drops .
Andreas Ivanschitz ( born 15 October 1983 in Eisenstadt ) is an Austrian footballer of Croatian origin who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Mainz .
BBC Radio 5 Live ( formerly styled BBC Radio Five Live ) is the BBC 's radio service providing live BBC News , phone-ins , and sports commentaries .
Thousands of different styles and designs have been made in the seven decades since their introduction including military specific ones with one for a regiment .
The character is currently voiced by the former professional wrestling play-by-play announcer , Lee Marshall .
Her ex-husband was legendary singer-songwriter Harlan Howard .
Several weeks after Martin McGuinness took up office as Deputy First Minister in 2007 , civil servants began asking the Assembly 's Hansard team to replace the capital D with a lower-case d , pointing out that the title was spelled this way in the Northern Ireland Act 1998 , the legislation which established the office .
The White Cliffs of Dover are cliffs which form part of the British coastline facing the Strait of Dover and France .
Soundtrack The movie 's soundtrack was released on October 14 , 2008 , a week before the DVD release and contains songs from and inspired by the film .
May 17 & ndash ; The Banbury mutiny ends & ndash ; leaders of the Leveller mutineers in the New Model Army are hanged .
They arrived in Indonesia around 2000 BCE , and confined the native Melanesian peoples to the far eastern regions as they expanded .
Captain Philip Gidley King RN ( 23 April 1758 - 3 September 1808 ) was a British naval officer and colonial administrator .
It is the second largest among the five cities of Jakarta , after East Jakarta .
Quilmes Atlético Club is one of the oldest football teams in Argentina , they are currently playing in the Argentine 1st division .
Modern estimates place the Dutch American population at 5 million , lagging just a bit behind Scottish Americans and Swedish Americans .
Hatshepsut assumed all of the regalia and symbols of the pharaonic office in official representations : the Khat head cloth , topped with the uraeus , the traditional false beard , and shendyt kilt .
On the water organ , since the 15th century , the water is also used as a source of power to drive a mechanism similar to that of the Barrel organ , which has a pinned barrel that contains a specific song to be played .
Jyutping ( sometimes spelled Jyutpin ) is a romanization system for Standard Cantonese developed by the Linguistic Society of Hong Kong ( LSHK ) in 1993 .
NavContent , div .
History Lot-et-Garonne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
A sliotar or sliothar ( ; may derive from Irish sliabh , meaning '' mountain '' and thar meaning '' across '' ) is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball , consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together .
The Ten Commandments 2 I am the Lord your God , who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of slavery ; 3 Do not have any other gods before me .
It is the title track from their sixth album Warning and was released as the album 's second single .
National Geographic magazine had a story on the Platypus in 1939 .
Wood 's fame lies mainly with the promenade concerts , but he was active in many areas of musical life .
Today , the Danish parts of Jutland belong to either of the three administrative regions North Jutland , Central Jutland or Region of Southern Denmark .
Austria-Hungary , also known as the Dual Monarchy or the k.u.k. Monarchy , was a monarchic union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe .
The principality claims to be an independent sovereign state , although it remains unrecognized except by other micronations , despite achieving de facto legal status on 21 April 1972 .
Brahmanbaria district is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh .
This ruling paved the way for integration and the civil rights movement .
The depression drifted southwestward , and under favorable conditions , it strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma on October 17 .
According to the Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities of Sir William Smith , the scythe , known in Latin as the falx foenaria ( as opposed to the sickle , the falx messoria ) , was used by the ancient Romans ; for illustration , Smith shows an image of Saturn holding a scythe , from an ancient Italian cameo .
Durga is a form of Devi , the supremely radiant goddess , depicted as having ten arms , riding a lion or a tiger , carrying weapons ( including a lotus flower ) , maintaining a meditative smile , and practicing mudras , or symbolic hand gestures .
During the period of negotiations and threats following the invasion , Saddam focused renewed attention on the Palestinian problem by promising to withdraw his forces from Kuwait if Israel would relinquish the occupied territories in the West Bank , the Golan Heights , and the Gaza Strip .
The uploading of videos containing defamation , pornography and material encouraging criminal conduct is prohibited by YouTube 's terms of service .
The color of the day system is not known by most of the public but it is written about a lot by newspapers , and by writers and can sometimes be seen on episodes of television shows such as NYPD Blue and recently .
Mollusks include snails and slugs , clams , octopus and squid , and numerous other kinds , many ( but by no means all ) of which have shells .
However , according to '' accepted history '' the first clearly '' Maya '' settlements were established in approximately 1800 BC in Soconusco region of the Pacific Coast .
Sergy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Various religions parse the commandments differently .
Protein synthesis is the process in which cells build proteins .
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach , a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret . Because the Mach number is often viewed as a dimensionless quantity rather than a unit of measure , with Mach , the number comes after the unit ; the second Mach number is '' Mach 2 '' instead of '' 2 Mach '' ( or Machs ) .
The word '' taupe '' derives from the Latin name for the European Mole , Talpa europaea .
Some 1,400 civilians are believed to have died .
The Red Cross reported that 400 people died , but this was disputed by Mexican officials .
Hooker was a founder of geographical botany , and Charles Darwin 's closest friend .
The game was first announced at E3 2005 , with a tech demo on display , while the first gameplay footage was shown two years later at E3 2007 .
Robert Gerard Tapert ( born May 14 , 1955 ) , sometimes credited as Rob Tapert , Robert G. Tapert , or Rip Tapert , is an American film producer , best known for his co-founding of , and his subsequent work with , the Renaissance Pictures company .
Fruges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The southern tip at Whitehall ( Skenesborough in revolutionary times ) is a short distance from Saratoga , Glens Falls , and Albany , New York .
Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or , more recently , with either nylon or steel strings .
Makoto Sunakawa is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Consadole Sapporo .
In the mid-1970s , Boyce and Hart reunited with Davy Jones and Micky Dolenz , performing the songs Boyce and Hart had written for The Monkees a decade before . Legally prohibited from using the Monkees name , they called themselves Dolenz , Jones , Boyce & Hart .
For example , a cricket ball can be considered an object but the ball also consists of many particles ( pieces of matter ) .
Taken together , Iraq and Kuwait sat on top of some 20 percent of the world 's known oil reserves ; as an article of comparison , Saudi Arabia holds 25 percent .
He has won accolades for his contributions to the computer games industry .
Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt in Westphalia , Germany .
He also was an owner of race tracks and of the Montreal Alouettes football team in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League .
Jonathan Edwards ( October 5 , 1703 -- March 22 , 1758 ) was a preacher , theologian , and missionary to Native Americans .
Anthony '' Tony Pep '' Trentacosta - a former South Florida based capo , he was also the first Gambino crime family member to oversee strip club operations in Atlanta , Georgia starting around 1999 .
Marignieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He accompanies Percy along with Annabeth Chase , Athena 's daughter , on a quest to the Underworld to retrieve Zeus 's stolen Master Lightning Bolt , and Sally Jackson .
A medical professional who practices oncology is an oncologist .
Circa Survive is an American progressive rock band from the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania suburb of Doylestown , formed in 2004 .
Xu , Xing , Norell , Mark A. , Wang , Xiao-Lin , Makovicky , Peter J. , Wu , Xiao-Chun .
At the Les Palmiste on the eastern coast visit a pre-Columbian rock carving of a goddess at La Grotte au Bassin and two big caves at Trou d'Enfer and La Grotte de la Galerie .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located in the centre of the district , the Union Council has a population of 65,776 .
Nevin was born in 1862 , at Vineacre , on the banks of the Ohio , a few miles from Pittsburgh .
Around noon of December 17 , 1864 , Breckinridge 's men mounted their horses and rode towards Marion .
The Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) is a college athletic conference headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , which is made up of historically black universities in the Southern United States .
King Henry III of England orders the production of a twenty pence English coin of pure gold , the first high-denomination coin minted in England and the first to use gold .
With a small detachment still positioned in Gaul , Scipio made an attempt to intercept Hannibal .
and ECW brands would begin a '' talent exchange '' , allowing their respective talent to appear and compete on either brand , because ECW was broadcast live on the same night and from the same arena where Smackdown is taped .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
Fontenay-le-Marmion is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Me savas nek la Sanskrito e nek la Latina , Mea vid-cirklo es ancien-mod ' quale tino Nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri Aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre .
In the Chinese capital of Chang ` an , the West Market and East Market are closed every night 1 hour and three quarters before dusk ( by government-ordered curfew ) , yet night markets thrive in residential areas .
In 1997 , he filled in for Ricky Craven at Hendrick Motorsports at Texas and for his brother Geoff at Charlotte Motor Speedway , before he won the pole at Watkins Glen for Cicci-Welliver in a one-race deal .
Milankovitch theory predicts the planet will continue to undergo glaciation cycles because of eccentricity , axial tilt , and precession of the Earth 's orbit .
Marbury v. Madison , is a landmark case in United States law .
Animated films are released under the Walt Disney Pictures label .
When Chiang Kai-shek formed the Whampoa Military Academy years later , Xue was one of the graduates .
XHTML ( eXtensible HyperText Markup Language ) is a family of XML markup languages that mirror or extend versions of the widely-used Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) , the language in which web pages are written .
Brain also popularized the two Richard Strauss horn concerti .
At long , it drains about one-sixth of the continental United States .
Regarding the reducing atmosphere Whether the mixture of gases used in the Miller-Urey experiment truly reflects the atmospheric content of early Earth is a controversial topic .
Edward Gibbon 's famous work Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire reports castration of defeated foes at the hands of the Normans .
Religion Minicoy Islanders , like the close islands of the Maldives follow Sunni Islam .
Ltd '' .
Meher Baba designed a rainbow flag on April 23 , 1924 .
The Mughals were also from Central Asia , they spoke Chagatai Turkic as their first language ; however the Mughals later adopted Persian .
Klingaman , William K. , The First Century : Emperors , Gods and Everyman , 1990 , p 56 The Chinese census shows nearly one million people living in Vietnam .
Although most kinds of shellfish are harvested from saltwater environments , some kinds are found only in freshwater .
Marignieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ms. Hirano is president and chief executive officer of the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles , California .
The city is home to Ithaca College , situated on South Hill , and Cornell University which overlooks the town from East Hill .
August 16 & ndash ; Britain creates the colony of New Brunswick .
Marc McKnight -- bass , vocals ( since 2004 )
The district was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of Bautzen and Bischofswerda .
Notre-Dame-d'Estrées is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
A team of elite mercenaries , the Expendables , are deployed to the Gulf of Aden off the coast of Somalia to halt local pirates from executing the hostages on a Naval ship .
Cultivation systems have been a feature of Chinese life for at least 2 500 years / / '' Statement of Professor David Ownby , Unofficial Religions in China : Beyond the Party 's Rules , 2005 .
Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 25 (/O3/O) :655 -664
Egbert ( also spelled Ecgberht ) ( died 839 ) was King of Wessex from 802 until 839 .
Bijbehara Tehsil
Bautzen ( ) is a district in the Free State of Saxony in Germany including the former districts of Bischofswerda and Kamenz .
The Rockies vary in width from 70 to 300 miles ( 110 to 480 kilometers ) .
However , once the details of the murder-suicide became apparent , WWE quickly and quietly began distancing itself from the wrestler by removing merchandise and no longer mentioning him .
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme ( born December 2nd 1978 , in Rotherham , South Yorkshire , England ) , better known as Chris Wolstenholme , is the bassist and backing vocalist for the rock band Muse .
He first began to work as a journalist there , but when they were invited to return as doctors by the French and German governments , Bulgakov was refused permission to leave Russia because of typhus .
The Mamas & the Papas ( credited as The Mama 's and the Papa 's on the debut album cover ) were a vocal group of the 1960s .
They are the only Turkish team to have won the UEFA Cup , and the only Turkish team to reach a European Cup semi-final .
Imposition of sanctions against Iraq
Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Plaintext is used as input to an encryption algorithm ; the output is usually termed ciphertext particularly when the algorithm is a cipher .
He claimed to take five hours to dress , and recommended that boots be polished with champagne .
The people live here without any discrimination of tribsl , color , language and religion .
Later in the film Austin is seduced but able to counter them by doing an overly sex-charged striptease , taking them beyond their sex limit and causing their heads to explode .
Because some plants are not fed upon by adult butterflies , the caterpillar host should also be planted for a bigger population of butterflies .
He stayed with the band through 1999 and the release of their 7th overall album '' Runners High '' .
In the US , 14 % of the adult population is at the '' below basic '' level for prose literacy ; 12 % are at the '' below basic '' level for document literacy ; and 22 % are at that level for quantitative literacy .
His godparents are the Duke of Halland , Prince Leopold of Bavaria , the Queen of Denmark , and Princess Birgitta of Sweden .
Lesnar then executed the F-5 maneuver on Goldberg , but also resulted in a two-count pin attempt .
A birthday , as the term implies , is the anniversary of the particular day on which a person was born .
Merville-Franceville-Plage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
May 3 & ndash ; John I , Duke of Brabant
Yitzhak Rabin 3 1922 - 1995 3 June 1974 20 June 1977 Alignment 6 .
Origin of name Thiruvananthapuram means '' Abode of Lord Ananta '' in Sanskrit and Malayalam .
Port Arthur was founded by Arthur Edward Stilwell in the late 19th century , and was once the center of the largest oil refinery network in the world .
Games can take a variety of forms , from competitive sports to board games and video games .
Xu , Xing , Norell , Mark A. , Wang , Xiao-Lin , Makovicky , Peter J. , Wu , Xiao-Chun .
A charged object brought close to an electrically neutral object causes a separation of charge within the conductor .
Klum was the hostess of Project Runway and Germany 's Next Topmodel , and is a Victoria 's Secret Angel .
It lies on the southern side of Lake Constance .
The film is based on Firefly , a television series canceled by Fox television in December 2002 , after 11 of its 14 produced episodes had aired .
Bellemeade is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
In the 2008 mayoral elections however , he was beaten by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
The Commonwealth of England was the republic which ruled first England , and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660 .
Translation source External links Izuen gordelekuetan barrena , online poems .
Frévin - Capelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Franklin County Motto LEGES JURAQUE VINDICAMUS '' We Defend Laws and Justice '' Law and government Franklin County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
Little Fockers ( known as Meet the Parents : Little Fockers in the United Kingdom and Southeast Asia ) is a 2010 American comedy film and sequel to Meet the Parents ( 2000 ) and Meet the Fockers ( 2004 ) .
Daniele Massaro ( born May 23 , 1961 in Monza ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) forward .
The MS Explorer was a Liberian-registered cruise ship designed for Arctic and Antarctic service , originally commissioned and operated by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad .
Badeshi is an Indo-Iranian language spoken in the upper reaches of the Bishigram Valley ( Chail ) , east of Madyan , Swat , Kohistan in Northern Areas of Pakistan .
Anthony Rolfe Johnson , CBE ( 5 November 194021 July 2010 ) was an English operatic tenor .
It broadcasts live and recorded coverage of the House of Commons and House of Lords , Select Committees of the UK Parliament , the three devolved assemblies , being the Scottish Parliament , the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Welsh Assembly , and occasionally from the General Synod of the Church of England .
Dairy Queen , often abbreviated DQ , is an international chain of soft serve and fast food restaurants owned by International Dairy Queen , Inc. .
It is the seventeenth book in the Redwall series .
In 1945 , following the surrender of Japan , American administrators divided the peninsula along the 38th Parallel , with United States troops occupying the southern part and Soviet troops occupying the northern part .
The Fire Salamander ( Salamandra salamandra ) is probably the best-known salamander species in Europe .
ISBN 0-8069-6460-X .
Hermiston is a city in Umatilla County , Oregon , United States , near the junction of I-82 and I-84 .
He is also a collaborator of the design of the Supernova\/Acceleration Probe ( SNAP ) , a satellite which is proposed to measure the properties of dark energy .
Jason '' Mayhem '' Miller , American mixed martial arts fighter
There are few aquarists that have not met it on one or more occasions .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the East India Company 's rule in India , later the forces of the British Crown in India .
Broadwater later posted a letter on his website denouncing Da Ali G Show , explaining that his statement referred to a theological belief that anyone that '' accepts Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour will spend eternity in Heaven , while everyone who rejects Him will spend eternity in Hell . ''
The 2008 Turkish Grand Prix was Barrichello 's 257th Grand Prix , breaking Riccardo Patrese 's record of 256 Grand Prix starts and becoming the most experienced driver in F1 history .
km ( 0.1194 Earths )
A key attraction is the site where the Kinneret 's water flows into the Jordan River to which thousands of pilgrims from all over the world come to be baptized every year .
Outside a European context , the concept of feudalism is normally used only by analogy ( called semi-feudal ) , most often in discussions of Japan under the shoguns , and sometimes medieval and Gondarine Ethiopia .
The Iowa Correctional Institution for Women is located in Mitchellville .
The Chicago Blackhawks are the current holders of the trophy after winning the 2010 Western Conference Championship .
What not to do if your RfA was closed early But do n't : Worry about it .
Description Gallimimus was rather ostrich-like , with a small head , large eyes , a long neck , short arms , long legs , and a long tail .
Badshah Munir Bukhari and the Director Khowar Academy , Rehmat Aziz Chitrali worked on the language and its family .
However , a late decision in 1961 saw the line cut back to Walthamstow ( Hoe Street ) station which was renamed Walthamstow Central in 1968 .
Charlestown is a city in Clark County , Indiana , United States .
With a mid-level ridge to its northwest , the subtropical depression was anticipated to parallel the coastline of the Gulf Coast of the United States .
The methods used to store data by various RAID controllers are not necessarily compatible , so that it may not be possible to read a RAID array on different hardware , with the exception of RAID 1 , which is typically represented as plain identical copies of the original data on each disk .
In 2001 a violinist who was half-Asian became a member .
Her extraordinary influence on fashion was such that she was the only person in the field to be named on .
Buildings in early Gaborone include Assembly buildings , government offices , a power station , a hospital , schools , a radio station , a telephone exchange , police stations , a post office , and more than 1,000 houses .
Brackish water is also the primary waste product of the salinity gradient power process .
Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had the idea to have the preacher 's voice on '' Hand of God '' .
In I , ( Annoyed Grunt ) - Bot , Lisa adopts him from an animal shelter shortly after the death of Snowball II .
, the complete English version , Encarta Premium , consisted of more than 62,000 articles , Encarta 2009 Information numerous photos and illustrations , music clips , videos , interactivities , timelines , maps and atlas , and homework tools , and was available on the World Wide Web by yearly subscription or by purchase on DVD-ROM or multiple CD-ROMs .
In mathematics , the differential coefficient of a function f ( x ) is what is now called its derivative df ( x ) \/O/ dx , the ( not necessarily constant ) multiplicative factor or coefficient of the differential dx in the differential df ( x ) .
Modern history , or the modern era , describes the historical timeframe after the Middle Ages .
The tail is short and is covered in long hairs , save for below the base .
Electric hum , mains hum , or power line hum is an audible oscillation of alternating current at the frequency of the mains electricity , which is usually 50 Hz or 60 Hz , depending on the local electric utility configuration .
In music theory , an interval is a combination of two notes , or the distance between their pitches .
The population of Versailles was 500 inhabitants .
Saving Abel is an American rock band from Corinth , Mississippi , formed in 2004 by Jared Weeks and Jason Null .
Although most of them were at first destroyed by the Gestapo , by 1942 the area had one of the strongest ZWZ and AK networks .
Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .
The passage of the National Historic Preservation Act ( NHPA ) in 1966 established the National Register and the process for adding properties to it .
Chris Brown , born in small-town Tappahannock , Virginia , started as a rapper .
Since then , the frontier moved further west and the Mississippi River was referenced as the easternmost possible boundary of The West .
Friedrich '' Fritz '' Herkenrath ( born September 9 , 1928 in Cologne ) is a former football goalkeeper for Germany at the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
In the final Australia dismissed Pakistan for 132 and reached the target in just over 20 overs , with eight wickets in hand .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 . Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
Alfons Schuhbeck born on May 2 , 1949 in Traunstein , Upper Bavaria , Germany is one of Germany 's top chefs , as well as being a restaurateur , celebrity chef , author and businessman .
Crabs are found in all of the world 's oceans .
Nicholas Theodore '' Nick '' Nemeth ( born July 27 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler , currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the name Dolph Ziggler on the SmackDown brand .
Taking up the trumpet at the age of eight under the guidance of hometown teacher Bo Nilsson , Hardenberger pursued further studies at the Paris Conservatoire , with Pierre Thibaud , and in Los Angeles with Thomas Stevens .
Although Athanasius eventually returned to the Coptic Orthodox Church , a line of Catholic Vicars Apostolic continued after him .
Following the success of athletics events at the Commonwealth Games , the decision to convert the stadium into a football venue received criticism from athletics figures such as Jonathan Edwards and Sebastian Coe after their praise of the stadium , but redevelopment was deemed necessary to give the venue a financially viable long-term future .
Suppose that x and y are real numbers and that y is a function of x , that is , for every value of x , we can determine the value of y/O. This relationship is written as : y = f ( x ) .
Usually this water will be inland ( lakes ) or in protected coastal areas .
Zenwalk aims to be a multi-purpose Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
His ship was pulled off course in an easterly direction , arriving at Christmas Island 28 days later .
Most elements aside from the noble gases form diatomic molecules when heated , but high temperatures -- sometimes thousands of kelvins -- are often required .
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
The town is now considered to be a suburb of Kirkcaldy .
Founded in 1953 , Motion Picture Sound Editors ( M.P.S.E. ) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors .
LID descended from the Intercollegiate Socialist Society , started in 1905 .
He became politically active in 1994 , when his village was threatened by the construction of the Three Gorges Dam .
Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico .
The flowers are borne on a specialised inflorescence called a spadix , 5-45 cm long ; the fruit is a cluster of white berries , edible in some species .
May 23 & ndash ; Pope Paul IV succeeds Pope Marcellus II as the 223rd pope .
Pichilemu is home to the main beach in O'Higgins Region , and is a tourist destination for surfing , windsurfing and funboarding .
He became a singer at St Mark 's in Venice in 1616 , second organist in 1639 , first organist in 1665 , and in 1668 maestro di cappella .
The Byzantine Empire recognizes the independence of Bulgaria and Serbia .
Clive Barker was born in Liverpool , England , the son of Joan Rubie ( née Revill ) , a painter and school welfare officer , and Leonard Barker , a personnel director for an industrial relations firm .
The ancient history of the archipelago known today as '' Puerto Rico '' before the arrival of Christopher Columbus is not well known .
After the rise of flowering plants about 100 million years ago they diversified and assumed ecological dominance around 60 million years ago .
Anguilla 's History , Government of Anguilla website The name Anguilla derives from the word for '' eel '' in any of various Romance languages ( modern Spanish : ; French : ; Italian : ) , probably chosen because of the island 's eel-like shape .
The landscape has been heavily influenced by Dutch technology , from the influx of clay pantiles to the draining of the fens .
Addison is a city in Dallas County , Texas ( USA ) .
In June 1911 , Laemmle started the Yankee Film Company with partners Abe and Julius Stern .
Ellis Parker Butler - author Lee Allen - medical illustrator Max Allan Collins - author of screenplay of the movie Mommy , which was filmed in Muscatine 's Wood Creek neighborhood in 1995 .
The family includes many ornamental plants : Dieffenbachia , Aglaonema , Caladium , Nephthytis , and Epipremnum , to name a few .
Stormie 's influence caused Steve to apply to the California State University , Long Beach for enrollment with a major in Philosophy .
Azad Jammu and Kashmir ( azaad jammu o - kashmir ; AJK ) or Azad Kashmir for short ( literally , '' Free Kashmir '' ) , is the southernmost political entity within the Pakistani-administered part of the former princely state of Jammu and Kashmir .
In the XSL attack , a specialized algorithm , termed XSL ( eXtended Sparse Linearization ) , is then applied to solve these equations and recover the key .
Belinda was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 13 January 1986 and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 5 .
When British Railways was formed in 1948 , it decided to adopt the former LNER method of carriage classification .
Liez is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The SAT Reasoning Test ( formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test or Scholastic Assessment Test ) is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
Because of American laws against trade with Cuba , this concert had to allowed by US authorities .
A bigot is a person who is obstinately and irrationally , often intolerantly , devoted to his or her own religion , political party , organization , belief , or opinion , especially one who regards or treats those of differing devotion with hatred and intolerance .
Bismuth is stable to both dry and moist air at ordinary temperatures . When red-hot it reacts with water to make bismuth ( III ) oxide .
The left side then grows in a pentaradially symmetric fashion , in which the body is arranged in five parts around a central axis .
This is one of the few games in the Mario series where Luigi is the main character , not Mario .
Incheon Metropolitan City is located in northwestern Korea .
Granny Smith apples are light green in color . They are crisp , juicy apples which are excellent for eating raw and cooking .
He developed trigonometry and constructed trigonometric tables , and he has solved several problems of spherical trigonometry .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana .
Environmental disasters Since Hurricane Katrina made landfall in August 2005 , the term has been used to describe temporary housing sites set up for Gulf Coast residents who were left homeless by the storm .
Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro Pelosi ( ; born March 26 , 1940 ) is an American politician who is the current Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives .
In the case here , the article uses British English primarily .
Locomotion ( periodical ) In fiction and entertainment Chris Sawyer 's Locomotion , a 2004 computer game by Chris Sawyer Locomotion ( arcade game ) is a 1982 arcade game by Konami '' The Loco-Motion '' is a 1960s hit song , originally performed by Little Eva and its accompanying dance .
It is linked by approximately of highway with Kabul to the west and about the same distance with Peshawar in Pakistan to the east .
Raynald of Chatillon is released from prison in Aleppo .
It is also known as Late Old Japanese , but the term '' Early Middle Japanese '' is preferred , as it is closed to Late Middle Japanese ( after 1185 ) than to Old Japanese ( before 794 ) .
Neggio is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
David '' Honeyboy '' Edwards ( born June 28 , 1915 ) is a Delta blues guitarist and singer from the American South .
The closing ceremony of the Paralympic Games takes place after all sporting events have concluded .
Ivan '' Ivica '' Osim ( born 6 May 1941 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian football manager and former player from the former Yugoslavia .
Adjectives
Ventforet Kofu are a Japanese football ( soccer ) club from Kofu .
Originally described by Linnaeus , Liriodendron tulipifera is one of two species in the genus Liriodendron in the magnolia family .
The explosion would have been seen from miles away , and heard from further away still .
In heterosexual contexts , oral sex is used by some couples as a method of contraception and may be chosen as an alternative to sexual intercourse for this reason .
Although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable period of time .
Riders use a range of training equipment :
They are an extinct group of ammonoid , which are shelled cephalopods related to squids , belemnites , octopuses , and cuttlefish , and more distantly to the nautiloids .
(/O1997/O) English Pronouncing Dictionary , 15th ed .
Charles Cornwallis , 1st Marquess Cornwallis , KG ( 31 December 1738 5 October , 1805 ) was a British Army officer and colonial administrator .
Angle would then gain control of the match , as he would apply the Ankle Lock on Michaels , forcing him to submit , thus Angle won the match .
She briefly attended Edgewood College in Madison , Wisconsin , and Spring Hill College in Mobile , but transferred to Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans , where she became an active member of the Gamma Alpha Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc. and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1969 .
It was a prelude to San Francisco 's Summer of Love , which made the Haight-Ashbury district a symbol as the center of an American counterculture and introduced the word ` psychedelic ' to suburbia .
After graduating from the Seijo Junior High School in 1950 , Ozawa sprained his finger in a rugby game .
The optional parameter '' extra = -1 '' can be used to return a specific value when a string exceeds the 70-character limit .
He was of a '' healthy facial complexion '' police description , dated 7 July 1828 ; see eg .
Other anti-smoking organizations were established in 1912 in the cities of Hanover and Dresden .
The BBC confirmed on 2 June 2010 that Last of the Summer Wine had been canceled and the 31st series would be its last .
In 1993 , Inzaghi moved to Serie B club Verona and scored 13 goals in 36 appearances .
Since a henagon has only one side and only one interior angle , every henagon is regular by definition .
The Chief Justice is one of nine Supreme Court justices ; the other eight are the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States .
He was chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and was one of three '' Wise Men '' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union .
Alex strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane , and on August 3 came within 10 miles ( 16 km ) of the Outer Banks of North Carolina without making landfall .
The spinal cord functions primarily in the transmission of neural signals between the brain and the rest of the body but also contains neural circuits that can independently control numerous reflexes and central pattern generators .
Interstate 35 goes from the southern border to the northern border through the center of the state , including Des Moines .
Siegfried is the third of the four operas that comprise Der Ring des Nibelungen ( The Ring of the Nibelung ) , by Richard Wagner .
The period of Greek history from about 1600 BC to about 1100 BC is called Mycenaean in reference to Mycenae .
The district consists of two sub-divisions or Tehsils , containing 20 in total . Union Councils :
The Roman conception of Neptune owed a great deal to the Etruscan god Nethuns .
The structural change legislation in 2009 , however , referred to the county of County Durham . The former postal county was known as '' County Durham '' to distinguish it from the post town of Durham .
It was unveiled in August 2003 in a ceremony attended by 2,008 people at Beijing 's Temple of Heaven .
Saint-Loubert is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Colin Healy ( born 14 March 1980 in Cork ) is an international footballer for the Republic of Ireland , currently playing with Ipswich Town .
He was a Hall of Fame player during a 10 year professional career with Toronto , Vancouver and Ottawa .
Waveland is a city located in Hancock County , Mississippi , on the Gulf of Mexico .
It was replaced with Julia for the 2010 season .
Messi then had the most successful season of his playing career , the 2008 - 09 season , in which he scored 38 goals to play an integral part in a treble-winning campaign .
It was the most watched soap opera on Christmas Day .
Lake Tanganyika is an African Great Lake .
Polydor Records is a British record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
The storm continued inland and dissipated over northern Mexico on August 25 .
Chronology of the Early Kings of Iberia .
Down is defined in Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays .
Essentially , the theory posits that pressure is due not to static repulsion between molecules , as was Isaac Newton 's conjecture , but due to collisions between molecules moving at different velocities .
The test episodes engendered a favorable audience response , and led to a continuing radio program in November 1987 , called Odyssey USA .
Dialogue editor
Large ships have several masts , with the size and configuration depending on the style of ship .
The building was built at the fast pace of four floors in nine days .
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
The word '' taupe '' derives from the Latin name for the European Mole , Talpa europaea .
A presentation program is a computer software package used to display information , normally in the form of a slide show .
Rutherglen comes from the Gaelic An Ruadh Ghleann , meaning '' the red valley '' .
Despite later attempts to recover it , it has not been reliably sighted since .
It hosts the regional base for the English Institute of Sport and so therefore benefits from : Athletics tracks , The National Squash Centre , The Regional Tennis Centre , the Manchester Velodrome and the City of Manchester Stadium .
Seoul Olympic Stadium - Seoul (/O1988/O)
All have been Antarctic-themed , and all are valid for postage in Australia and its territories , including Antarctica .
They play in the Football League Championship .
Awards and honours In 2005 , the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Dr. Marshall and his long-time collaborator Dr. Warren '' for their discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease '' .
To verify the Riemann hypothesis up to a given imaginary part T of the zeros , one also has to check that there are no further zeros off the line in this region . This can be done by calculating the total number of zeros in the region and checking that it is the same as the number of zeros found on the line .
It is a network of four art museums : Tate Britain , London ( previously known as the Tate Gallery , founded 1897 ) , Tate Liverpool ( founded 1988 ) , Tate St Ives , Cornwall ( founded 1993 ) and Tate Modern , London ( founded 2000 ) , with a complementary website , Tate Online ( created 1998 ) .
Martin Halsall born 25 December , 1984 in Blackpool , England is a rugby union player for Nottingham R.F.C. in the RFU Championship .
At the time of the French Revolution , he lost his French Royal benefices and sacrificed many other resources to assist Pope Pius VI .
Thomas Morley ( 1557 or 1558 & ndash ; October 1602 ) was an English composer , theorist , editor and organist of the Renaissance , and the foremost member of the English Madrigal School .
Silent Alarm Remixed is the remix album to Silent Alarm , the debut album by British indie rock band Bloc Party .
The first humans walked out of Africa about 60,000 years ago .
It is the third most populous city in Central America after Guatemala City and Managua .
Meowth is voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese , and Maddie Blaustein in English .
In June 1957 , aged 19 , he married 16-year-old Maryann Burk , who had just graduated from a private Episcopal school for girls .
Until his retirement in 2002 , he was head of the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia , which investigates the paranormal .
Airtricity 's fourth Texas wind farm , the 126 MW Champion Wind Farm project , recently commenced construction five miles ( 8 km ) from the Roscoe Wind Farm site .
It is located in Northumberland Park , London , United Kingdom .
Twenty single-car driving motor vehicles , called '' Bubble Cars '' , were built , numbered 55000 - 55019 .
This means that the cells of the innate system recognize and respond to pathogens in a generic way , but unlike the adaptive immune system , it does not confer long-lasting or protective immunity to the host .
Fox did not want Redford , but director George Roy Hill insisted .
The Province of Ontario incorporated Kanata as a city in 1978 out of the Township of March , and portions of the Township of Goulbourn and the Township of Nepean ( subsequently the City of Nepean ) .
The New York Yankees are a professional baseball team based in the borough of the Bronx , in New York City , New York . They belong to Major League Baseball 's American League East Division .
Fox , Margalit .
Year 1303 ( MCCCIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday
Aqua regia is primarily used to produce chloroauric acid , the electrolyte in the Wohlwill process .
The term '' measure polytope '' is also used , notably in the work of H.S.M. Coxeter ( originally from Elte , 1912 ) , but it has now been superseded .
Duroplast is a composite thermosetting plastic , a close relative of formica and bakelite . It is a resin plastic reinforced with fibers ( either cotton or wool ) making it a fiber-reinforced plastic similar to glass-reinforced plastic .
St. Patrick is honored with a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church ( USA ) on March 17 .
There have been and are several abridged Britannica encyclopedias .
The General Assembly was created by the first state constitution adopted in 1818 .
Several European and Asian species have been introduced to these areas as well as North America , Hawaii and New Zealand , where they generally compete for habitat with native birds and are considered to be invasive species .
The railway station opened in 1875 The 1916 signal box is now closed .
Joey Ramone ( born Jeffry Ross Hyman ) ( May 19 , 1951 -- April 15 , 2001 ) was a vocalist and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist in the punk rock band the Ramones .
In several Islamic countries today Ahmadis have been marginalised by the majority religious community ; severe persecution and often systematic oppression have led many Ahmadis to emigrate and settle elsewhere .
The team has played under the following names : Stakhanovets ( 1936 -- 1946 ) , Shakhtyor ( Shakhtar ) ( 1946 -- 1992 ) and FC Shakhtar ( since 1992 ) .
As CEO of Reprise , Sinatra recruited a host of his cronies for the fledgling label , such as fellow Rat Pack members Dean Martin and Sammy Davis , Jr. .
Such material would cause '' exceptionally grave damage '' to national security if publicly available .
No deaths have been reported following a sole ingestion of BZP , although there have been at least two deaths from the combination of BZP and MDMA .
In total he showed up in 345 Bundesliga matches for his sole professional club in between 1971 and 1985 .
Taxonomically , the suborder Ruminantia includes all those species except the camels , llamas , and alpacas , which are Tylopoda .
The presence of a very strong triple covalent bond in the molecule renders it unreactive under normal circumstances .
In 1577 , he moved to Toledo , Spain , where he lived and worked until his death .
The name was originally applied to Viscum album ( European Mistletoe , Santalaceae ) , the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe .
Like the UK Singles Chart , Ultratop creates charts based on retail record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads .
McCain served as the Navy 's liaison to the U.S. Senate beginning in 1977 .
The United States Department of Defense ( USDOD , DOD or DoD , initially briefly referred to as the National Military Establishment or NME ) is the U.S. federal department charged with coordinating and supervising all agencies and functions of the government relating directly to national security and the United States armed forces .
Following the Turkish conquest in the 15th century , a slow conversion of Albanians to Islam started .
A chemical property is any of a material 's properties that becomes evident during a chemical reaction ; that is , any quality that can be established only by changing a substance 's chemical identity .
But when Ian won the Reward Challenge , Katie was offended as Ian took Tom with him instead of her .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Tour de France - Tour of France ( est .
Roasted grain beverages are common substitutes for coffee .
The laryngeal prominence -- commonly known as the Adam 's Apple -- is a feature of the human neck .
Its capital is the city of Kreuzlingen .
He also released a short EP titled 2 Remixes By AFX the same year as Drukqs .
She performed her hits '' Easy '' , '' Walk Away '' and '' Doing Too Much '' .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
The area was originally inhabited by the Wiradjuri people .
De Havilland was good friends with Bette Davis with whom she starred with in Hush ... Hush , Sweet Charlotte (/O1964/O) , The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex (/O1939/O) , It 's Love I 'm After (/O1937/O) , and In This Our Life (/O1942/O) .
He has subsequently had a lengthy managerial career and is currently with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Premier League .
Kellner was born in Vaihingen an der Enz , a town on the Enz River in southern Germany .
An airport consists of at least one surface such as a runway for a plane to takeoff and land , a helipad , or water for takeoffs and landings , and often includes buildings such as control towers , hangars and terminal buildings .
The '' Slaughter House Mix '' , from the group 's third studio album , Riddle Box , has become one the duo 's most popular songs .
The epithet '' German war criminal '' and Livingstone 's subsequent jibes refer to the Standard 's then owners , the Daily Mail and General Trust , which endorsed Oswald Mosley 's British Union of Fascists in 1934 .
Sculpture and architectural details were often bright with coloured paint of which traces remain at the Cathedral of Chartres .
Below the line promotion : All other promotion .
In 1921 Gimnasia would again reach fourth place , behind Racing Club , River Plate and Independiente , as a result of 23 victories , six ties and nine defeats .
Wikipedia does not use software article locks on pages , because some feel that this would be contrary to the policy and spirit of openness .
Spelling variations include : St. Gall , Saint Gall , Saint Gallen , Sankt Gallen , and Son Gagl .
Albert inherited the Duchy of Saxony .
Nowadays , the term hanamachi is commonly used in modern Japan to refer to the areas where modern-day geisha are still operating .
The 2011 Burma earthquake was a 6.8 magnitude earthquake on March 24 that had its epicenter in the east of Shan State in Burma ( Myanmar ) with a hypocenter 10 km deep .
However , the name field hockey is used in countries where the word hockey is usually reserved for another form of hockey , such as ice hockey or street hockey .
Biography Wood was born in London .
The history of Islam began in Arabia with Muslim Prophet Muhammad 's first recitations of the Qur ` an in the 7th century .
Hart did not run for public office again .
Note that some pages may continue to be displayed as if you were still logged in ; this can be fixed by clearing your browser cache .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland 's national stadium .
'' In My Place '' was well received by critics .
Louis Charles Antoine Desaix ( 17 August 1768 -- 14 June 1800 ) was a French general and military leader .
The GSN version was hosted by Bil Dwyer and unlike the earlier versions , featured a permanent panel that appeared in every episode ; the panelists were Billy Bean , Frank DeCaro , Jermaine Taylor , and Suzanne Westenhoefer .
The name Donna was later retired .
Alice in Wonderland is an American animated film produced by Walt Disney and based primarily on Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland with a few additional elements from Through the Looking-Glass .
Dappy appeared on the television show Never Mind The Buzzcocks on 29 November 2007 , Dappy Does Buzzcocks : N-Dubz News on RWD Magazine and wore a trademark floppy eared hat which Simon Amstell also sported as part of a gag .
Hybrid Theory was a massive commercial success ; it sold more than 4.8 million copies during its debut year , earning it the status of best-selling album of 2001 , while singles such as '' Crawling '' and '' One Step Closer '' established themselves as staples among alternative rock radio play lists during the year .
Michael Joseph '' Mike '' Farrell ( born February 6 , 1939 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Captain B.J. Hunnicutt on the television series M \* A \* S \* H ( 1975 -- 83 ) .
Bartolo and Basilio are astounded , and Rosina makes sport of them .
Cunnilingus refers to oral sex performed on females while fellatio and irrumatio refer to oral sex performed on males .
The strongest evidence comes from Kalambo Falls in Zambia where several artifacts related to the use of fire by humans had been recovered including charred logs , charcoal , reddened areas , carbonized grass stems and plants , and wooden implements which may have been hardened by fire .
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to impart the flavor .
Nevertheless , it continues to be unclear whether there is a solid core to or whether it is just a transient dust clump that will dissipate on a timescale of years or months .
In mathematics , associativity is a property of some binary operations .
Nearby Hibernia Reef , 42 k Northeast of Ashmore Reef , is not part of the territory , but belongs to Western Australia . It has no permanently dry land area , although large parts of the reef become exposed during low tide .
As the ore deposits and the related business often declined , former miners had to look for new ways to feed their families .
Verson is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to safely pass electrical power , along with data , on Ethernet cabling .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Saint-Morillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1607 , after a voyage of 144 days , three ships headed by Captain Christopher Newport carrying 105 men and boys made their first landfall in the New World where the Atlantic Ocean meets the southern mouth of the Chesapeake Bay in the northeastern part of the city .
He was able to develop players such as Mark Bruener and Jay Riemersma , both considered past their prime , into excellent blocking backs .
Extreme metal is an umbrella term , somewhat loosely defined , for a number of related heavy metal subgenres that have developed since the 1980s .
Within the former Soviet Union , several nuclear meltdowns of differing severity have occurred .
Life and career Early career Szell was born in Budapest but grew up in Vienna .
Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island , originally released as Super Mario : Yossy Island in Japan , is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the SNES console .
Many of the legal institutions follow the same organizational structure as the UN .
He has been voted onto nine All-Star teams by the fans , winning the 2007 All-Star MVP Award for a three-hit performance that included the event 's first-ever inside-the-park home run .
Search and rescue jargon Within search and rescue , a rain dance is a method of estimating how far apart searchers in a line search should be spaced so as not to miss clues and not to waste searchers ' effort .
Blair is a vegetarian and animal rights advocate and actively promotes PETA with the other members of Rise Against .
DSP includes subfields like : audio and speech signal processing , sonar and radar signal processing , sensor array processing , spectral estimation , statistical signal processing , digital image processing , signal processing for communications , control of systems , biomedical signal processing , seismic data processing , etc./O.
Detailed to the Royal Australian Infantry Corps , he then underwent further training at Singleton , New South Wales , where he again won prizes for shooting and physical training , and also as most outstanding soldier in his platoon .
William Thomas '' Bill '' Medley ( born September 19 , 1940 ) is an American singer and songwriter , best known as one half of The Righteous Brothers singing duo .
Architect Myron Hunt , who also designed the Rose Bowl Stadium , designed Oxy 's original buildings in a Mediterranean style , with covered walkways and tile roofs .
Herbelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Different speed limits apply on dual carriageway sections from those that apply on single carriageway sections of the same class of road , except in cities and built-up areas where the dual carriageway is more of a safety measure , often intended to prevent pedestrians from crossing a busy road .
Clarksville is a town founded in Mecklenburg County and overlapping across Halifax County in the U.S. state of Virginia , near the southern border of the state .
It is part of the Seaford , Delaware Micropolitan Statistical Area .
Dog droppings are one of the leading sources of E. coli ( fecal coliforms ) bacterial pollution : One gram of dog feces contains over 20,000,000 E. coli cells .
Robert Christgau ( B + ) link
Cowboy Bebop revolves around a crew of bounty hunters living in the spaceship named Bebop .
A fourth tunnel was discovered on March 3 , 1990 , north of Haen town in the former Punchbowl battlefield .
The next morning , her neighbor Kelsey Hooper ( Porsha Lawrence Mavour ) visits and welcomes her .
He spent two weeks there recovering from a severe concussion and a shoulder injury .
Atticus is appointed by the court to defend Tom Robinson , a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman , Mayella Ewell .
The story is a retelling of Cinderella featuring various mythical creatures including fairies , elves , ogres , gnomes , and giants .
An old master print is a work of art produced by a printing process within the Western tradition ( European or New World ) .
Ardres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Boy ( Canadian band ) , a Canadian indie pop group
There are also small groups of Christians and Jews .
Many local Italians enrolled voluntarily in the Royal Italian Army ( a notable example is the writer Scipio Slataper ) .
It reached its peak intensity of and 973 mbar ( 973 hPa ) .
There is , in addition , a tradition that the order was instituted , or re-instituted , on the battlefield by Robert the Bruce at Bannockburn .
He graduated in sociology at The Polytechnic , Regent Street , ( now the University of Westminster ) where he campaigned to establish its Students ' Union and became its first elected President , a sabbatical post , in 1966 .
An example of a chassis is the under part of a motor vehicle , consisting of the frame ( on which the body is mounted ) with the wheels and machinery .
Dives-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
An Cafe Goes to A-KON 06.16.2007 by Cynthia , retrieved Jun 26 , 2008 The band continued touring and releasing , including their first album , Shikisai Moment , in 2005 .
The lake reached long and over 100 meters in depth by the first week of June 2010 when it began flowing over the landslide dam , completely submerging lower Shishkat and partly flooding Gulmit .
While Lennon 's lyrics were inspired by contemporary newspaper articles , McCartney 's were reminiscent of his youth .
