The Napoleonic Era begins roughly with Napoleon Bonaparte 's coup d'état , overthrowing the Directory , establishing the French Consulate , and ends at the Hundred Days and his defeat at Waterloo ( November 9 1799 - June 28 1815 ) .
It is situated approximately 8 m west of Stratford-upon-Avon , and 8 miles south of Redditch , close to the Worcestershire border .
It provides employment to 23 % of work force , and it is growing fast , growth rate 7.5 % in 1991 -- 2000 up from 4.5 % in 1951 -- 80 .
Along with the other museums and historic buildings on Museum Island , the Altes Museum was designated an UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1999 .
Much of the population lives in the west , in the Arachthos valley , the south and east of Arta , further southeast , the Athamanian mountains and the southeast with a few parts of the north are the least populated .
Her albums have sold over 10.5 million copies in the United States .
In law , the payer is the party making a payment while the payee is the party receiving the payment .
These are common in those sports and games where each match must involve a small number of competitors : often precisely two , as in most team sports , racket sports and combat sports , many card games and board games , and many forms of competitive debating .
He joined S-Pulse after having graduated from university , and plays in the forward position .
The Pantanal lowlands cover 12 municipalities and presents an enormous variety of flora and fauna , with forests , natural sand banks , savannahs , open pasture , fields and bushes .
Dejima was a small island , 120 by 75 meters , linked to the mainland by a small bridge , guarded on both sides , and with a gate on the Dutch side .
The image was changed to a distorted picture of the band for the American and Canadian release , due to the record company 's fears that the band would be accused of pedophilia .
Population : It is the economic and cultural center of the vast Volga-Vyatka economic region , and also the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast and Volga Federal District .
Grayson is a city in Carter County , Kentucky , United States , along the Little Sandy River .
Eventually , she made it to the Final 8 .
In Super Mario 64 and the English version of Mario Kart 64 , Peach was voiced by Leslie Swan , a localization manager for Nintendo of America . Swan voiced Peach again for the release of Super Mario 64 DS in 2004 and in Super Paper Mario in 2007 .
André ( as he would be known ) became a naturalised citizen of the United States in 1943 , and grew up in Los Angeles .
Mercury dissolves to form amalgams with gold , zinc and many other metals .
The S-boxes and P-boxes transform ( sub - ) blocks of input bits into output bits .
This family homestead served as the Frosts ' summer home until 1938 , and is maintained today as The Frost Place , a museum and poetry conference site .
Reggie and the Full Effect frontman James Dewees played keyboards\/synth on the tour .
On 2 July 2009 Kraftwerk performed at the velodrome as part of the 2009 Manchester International Festival .
Water wheels in China found practical uses such as this , as well as extraordinary use .
Tolkien used tengwar to write English : most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English .
In July 2003 , his sons Uday and Qusay and 14-year-old grandson Mustapha were killed in a three-hour gunfight with U.S. forces .
The term has been used for warships of many sizes and roles over the past few centuries .
PT Boats were a variety of motor torpedo boat ( hull classification symbol '' PT '' , for '' Patrol Torpedo '' ) , a small , fast vessel used by the United States Navy in World War II to attack larger surface ships .
The abbey soon flourished under Bishop Otto ( d. 1139 ) , whose burial in the abbey church and subsequent canonisation in 1189 , together with the papal protection granted to the abbey in 1251 , was of enormous advantage in increasing the independence of the abbey from the bishops .
Islamic theology ( ) is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
West Berliners and West Germans who had earlier fled East Germany or East Berlin , and thus could face imprisonment on entering East Germany or East Berlin , could only take flights for travel to and from West Berlin .
June 18 & ndash ; Frederick I Barbarossa is crowned Holy Roman Emperor .
Amherst College , in Amherst , Massachusetts
James Paul '' Jim '' Gannon ( born 7 September 1968 in Southwark , London ) is a former footballer and football manager .
In 1979 , he co-founded the band The Young Aborigines .
Its skin is remarkably loose , and allows it to turn and twist freely within it .
While a postdoctoral fellow working with Aaron Klug and Francis Crick at the MRC in the 1970s , Kornberg discovered the nucleosome as the basic protein complex packaging chromosomal DNA in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells ( chromosomal DNA is often termed '' Chromatin '' when it is bound to proteins in this manner , reflecting Walther Flemming 's discovery that certain structures within the cell nucleus would absorb dyes and become visible under a microscope ) .
The prototypical power trios were exemplified by late 1960s-era blues-rock \/O/ hard rock bands The Jimi Hendrix Experience , Cream , Grand Funk Railroad and The James Gang .
The islands ' position produces a place of great contrast- the ameliorating effect of the sea means they rarely have frost or snow , which allows local farmers to grow flowers well ahead of those in mainland Britain .
Paranthropus boisei was discovered by Mary Leakey on July 17 , 1959 , at the FLK Bed I site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania ( specimen OH 5 ) .
Their native language is Malay ( Bahasa Melaysia ) .
The municipality was formed in 1882 by splitting from Vergeletto .
The original fee was payable by instalments -- # 5 million down , # 5 million based on club appearances and # 2 million based on England appearances -- but was revised to a total of # 9.1 million by a compromise settlement agreed on 31 March 2008 .
He died in 1948 in Bad Ischl , near Salzburg where he was also buried .
Heathers brought director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature .
This was one of a handful of songs of The Beatles in which the members did not play any instruments .
These data are from E.B. Ford (/O1971/O) on the Scarlet tiger moth , for which the phenotypes of a sample of the population were recorded .
One estimate puts the human brain at about 100 billion ( ) neurons and 100 trillion ( ) synapses .
La Folie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Citing sources and avoiding original research are inextricably linked .
The crescent symbolizes progress , and the star represents light and knowledge .
She later recalled that Monroe showed her dedication by rehearsing her dance routines each evening after most of the crew had left , but she arrived habitually late on set for filming .
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg , from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas .
Johns and Williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to Millbank Prison .
Pope Paul VI , born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini ( 26 September 1897 - 6 August 1978 ) , reigned as Pope of the Catholic Church and Sovereign of Vatican City from June 21 , 1963 , until his death on August 6 , 1978 .
Over the years several of Charles ' senior descendants have made names for themselves , including Augustus FitzRoy , 3rd Duke of Grafton , who became Prime Minister of Great Britain , cricket pioneer Charles Lennox , 1st Duke of Richmond , parliamentary reformer Charles Lennox , 3rd Duke of Richmond .
The National Day Parade 2009 ( NDP 2009 ) was a national ceremony held on 9 August 2009 at The Float at Marina Bay to commemorate Singapore 's 44th year of independence .
The borough was formed on 1 April 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 as a merger of the municipal boroughs of Altrincham , Sale , and Stretford , the urban districts of Bowdon , Hale , and Urmston and part of Bucklow Rural District .
Most cardinals have additional duties , such as leading a diocese or archdiocese or running a department of the Roman Curia .
Her first American film , Morocco , directed by von Sternberg , earned Dietrich her only Oscar nomination .
According to an interview from Virgin Records , the band 's name '' actually comes from a thesis that the band found online that was written by a former Harvard professor .
The choir , north and south transepts and the cloisters , where canons studied and meditated , date from this period .
Naomi Shindou , Japanese seiyuu
Boiry-Saint-Rictrude is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In its long history , Gregorian chant has been subjected to many gradual changes and some reforms .
France never allowed them to obtain anything of the principality itself , but they nevertheless assumed the title .
In brightest day , through Blackest Night , No other Corps shall spread its light ! Let those who try to stop what 's right , Burn like my power , Green Lantern 's Light !
Barastre is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
See also Act of Congress Halsbury 's Statutes List of acts of Parliament in the United Kingdom Table of contents References www.publications.parliament.uk External links All acts of Parliament ( since 1988 ) and statutory instruments are available free on-line under Crown copyright terms from the Office of Public Sector Information ( OPSI ) .
Thermal expansion is the tendency of matter to change in volume in response to a change in temperature .
With Prussia 's victory over France in the Franco-Prussian War of 1871 , the members of the Confederation were organised by Otto von Bismarck into the German Empire , with Wilhelm I as its Emperor .
Dino Sani ( born May 23 , 1932 ) is a Brazilian former football player and coach .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings , also known as 7\/7 , were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on London 's public transport system during the morning rush hour .
The library system was changed to use computer since September 2001 .
Maisoncelles-la-Jourdan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Belfast to get Gaeltacht quarter , UTV Proposals for a Gaeltacht Quarter began in 2002 , as a recommendation of the Joint West Belfast/Greater Shankill Task Force .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
Most of the detainees were captured Japanese and Italian military personnel , On August 5 , 1944 at least 545 ( some sources suggest over 1000 ) Japanese POWs attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history .
Alabaster is still a growing population .
Architectural styles prominent at Teotihuacan are also found widely dispersed at a number of distant Mesoamerican sites , which some researchers have interpreted as evidence for Teotihuacan 's far-reaching interactions and political or militaristic dominance .
He did not divorce Cox until 1979 , but from 1970 Vonnegut lived with the woman who would later become his second wife , photographer Jill Krementz .
Joseph Strutt ( 1749 in Chelmsford , Essex -- 1802 ) was an English engraver , artist , antiquary and writer .
The four outer planets , the gas giants , are substantially more massive than the terrestrials .
The word derives from the Greek '' '' ( mania ) , '' madness , frenzy '' , Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library and that from the verb '' '' ( mainomai ) , '' to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
Financial economics is the branch of economics studying the interrelation of financial variables , such as prices , interest rates and shares , as opposed to those concerning the real economy . Financial economics concentrates on influences of real economic variables on financial ones , in contrast to pure finance .
Detractors allege he was simply a brutal dictator and only brought about high growth through military control over labor .
Abyssinia can strictly refer to just the northwestern Ethiopian provinces of Amhara and Tigray , as well as central Eritrea , while it was historically used as another name for Ethiopia .
rhodes scholars redirects here
The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
The Vorbunker was located beneath the large hall behind the old Reich Chancellery , which was connected to the new Reich Chancellery .
The band named themselves after a wind-channeling pipe sculpture , '' A Sound Garden , '' located on NOAA property next to Magnuson Park , Seattle , Washington .
The language spoken during lessons is nearly always German on most faculties .
They changed their name to Walsall F.C. and joined the Midland League .
With this classification the traditional Maloideae are considered to be part of Spiraeoideae .
On February 12 , 2009 it was announced that the Great West Conference would add Delaware State , Howard , and South Carolina State as associate members to compete in a soccer conference with Houston Baptist , NJIT , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Utah Valley beginning with the 2009-2010 school year .
The predominantly Armenian-populated region of Nagorno-Karabakh became disputed between Armenia and Azerbaijan when both countries gained independence from the Russian Empire in 1918 .
Galileo died on 8 January 1642 at 77 years of age .
Biblical inspiration , the doctrine in Judeo-Christian theology concerned with the divine origin of the Bible
In 1861 , Louis Pasteur performed a series of experiments which demonstrated that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not spontaneously appear in sterile , nutrient-rich media .
A Dolphin Reference BookA Glossary of Karst Terminology , 1970 .
He is considered to have been the seventh of eight emperors without specific legends associated with them , also known as the '' eight undocumented monarchs '' .
Cushions caroms was defunct for a number of years , but was revived in the late 1860s as another alternative to straight rail , for the same reasons that balkline developed , i.e. , as an alternative to the tedium engendered by the use of the '' rail nurse '' ( see above ) .
His works are chiefly vocal , and include madrigals , anthems and services .
Description Kivio is a flowcharting and diagramming application for the KOffice application suite , and has a user interface that is similar to Microsoft Visio .
After only a few weeks following the format change , Heat began airing exclusive matches again .
The Canons are not intended to be a comprehensive explanation of Reformed doctrine , but only an exposition on the five points of doctrine in dispute .
It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich ( 1861-1920 ) , a German astronomer .
Urban parishes continued to exist , and were generally coterminous with the urban district or municipal borough in which they were situated .
According to McCartney , on the night of the session an unusual man appeared at the gate of McCartney 's home and identified himself as Jesus Christ .
The district was formed in 1993 by merging the previous districts Calau and Senftenberg and small part of the district Bad Liebenwerda .
A gene is a unit of heredity in a living organism .
The so-called '' secondary vehicle '' is listed on the '' Work Breakdown Structure '' document .
Each NFC team plays the other teams in their division twice ( home and away ) during the regular season , in addition to 10 other games assigned to their schedule by the NFL in the April before .
The majority of its schedule consists of non stop Irish music .
While numismatists are often characterized as students or collectors of coins , the discipline also includes the broader study of money and other payment media used to resolve debts and the exchange of goods .
Hydrostatic equilibrium or hydrostatic balance occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .
Visibility from Earth On January 31 , 2012 Eros is expected to pass Earth at 0.179 astronomical units ( 16.6 million miles ) , about 70 times the distance to the moon , with a visual magnitude of +8.5 .
Its website states :
Squatters started settling along the Macquarie Valley and in 1832 a Christian mission was established in the settlement to the Aborigines .
Only a month after completing The Best Damn Tour , Lavigne began recording in her home studio in November 2008 with the song '' Black Star '' , written to help promote her first fragrance of the same name .
The current Pope , Benedict XVI , was born in Bavaria .
The city lies at a mean elevation of 1,161 m above sea level , and enjoys a stable climate throughout the year , with an average temperature of 25oC ( 77oF ) and annual precipitation of 1800 mm , more than 90 % of it falling in the rainy season from May to November .
And there is the implication that a mistress may be '' kept '' - i.e. , that the man is paying for some of the woman 's living expenses .
Dagens Nyheter operated from the so-called ` DN-skrapan ' ( the DN-skyscraper ) in Sweden .
Geography The district was located in the western part of the Ore Mountains .
In 1980 , Jean Picker Firstenberg became Director and CEO .
For more structural construction , grooves are created along the sides and\/or ends of panels , such as in tongue and groove construction .
Its a special city tour that visits the principal tourist attractions in Curitiba , featuring comfortable green with big windows and a shape similar to that of streetcars .
Stockholms Olympiastadion - Stockholm (/O1912/O)
In mid-1954 , the format changed to only once around the panel , with a $ 20 prize for each panelist stumped .
Slavery in Mauritania was criminalized in August 2007 .
The north tower ( 1 WTC ) collapsed at 10:28 a.m. , after burning for approximately 102 minutes .
Once established , writing systems generally change more slowly than their spoken counterparts .
She visited the sick in their cottages , and sometimes they came to her in the inn called Kisa , and thereby , she became known as Kisamor , '' The Mother in Kisa '' .
Oda made a splash immediately as a senior , winning the bronze medal at his first event and winning the 2005 NHK Trophy over favorites Daisuke Takahashi and reigning world bronze medalist Evan Lysacek .
album as Slovak became frustrated with the band and rejoined the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Curtis is the third studio album by rapper 50 Cent .
Plath 's father was a professor of biology and German at Boston University and author of a book about bumblebees .
For the most accurate work , these variations are compensated by means of calibration curves .
She has 20 # 1 singles on the Billboard R&B Singles Chart and two # 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 : '' Respect '' ( 1967 ) and '' I Knew You Were Waiting ( For Me ) '' ( 1987 ) , a duet with George Michael .
Epworth is home to Divine Word College , which is a Roman Catholic seminary . Also , Western Dubuque High School is in Epworth .
When chlorine gas is passed through iodine crystals , one observes the brown vapor of iodine monochloride . Dark brown iodine monochloride liquid is collected .
Adam McKay ( born April 17 , 1968 ) is an American screenwriter , director , comedian , and actor .
This left a large number of old buildings from that time including the Town Hall , Free Trade Hall and Central Library and left a lot of other buildings empty .
In English speaking countries , Central America is considered a region of the North American continent .
Jasper provides a bottle of wine to Durdles .
Moolan is a town and union council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
In modern Greece they are still in use for ordinal numbers and in situations similar to those in which Roman numerals are still used in the West : for ordinary ( cardinal ) numbers , however , Arabic numerals are used , just as in the West .
Dromornis had a huge beak and jaw capable of great force but did not have the beak or claws of a carnivore .
Hurricane Opal was a Category 4 hurricane that formed in the Gulf of Mexico in September 1995 .
Arithmetic is much easier in positional systems than in the earlier additive ones ; furthermore , additive systems need a large number of different symbols for the different powers of 10 ; a positional system needs only 10 different symbols ( assuming that it uses base 10 ) .
Banner Elk , NC Historical Climate Summary
Aeschylus added a second actor , allowing for greater dramatic variety , while the chorus played a less important role .
KFC Corporation , or KFC , founded and also known as Kentucky Fried Chicken , is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Louisville , Kentucky .
The US Air Force and US Navy used napalm with great effect against all kinds of targets to include troops , tanks , buildings and even railroad tunnels .
The Lake District , also known as The Lakes or Lakeland , is a mountainous region in North West England .
Principal signatories were Marshal Ferdinand Foch , the Allied Commander-in-chief , and Matthias Erzberger , Germany 's representative .
The classical tools for studying tissues are the paraffin block in which tissue is embedded and then sectioned , the histological stain , and the optical microscope .
However , Mickey 's voice and personality was provided by Disney until 1947 .
This jump-stomp move may entirely crush smaller enemies on the stage , and usually deals damage to larger ones , sometimes causing secondary effects .
The kingdom remained independent from around 1078 to 1375 .
Unfortunately , Olga Janina fell in love with Liszt .
During his club career he played for Bologna F.C. 1909 and Vicenza Calcio .
With the plant now missing , EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL-E for cleanup . WALL-E mistakes EVE 's inspection for torture and tries to save her , accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots , getting himself and EVE designated as rogue robots .
Career In Offenbach am Main , she was invited by a model scout to a casting for Germany 's Next Topmodel .
Part of the Tony Hawk series , the game was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision .
Some historians like H M Seervai and Ayesha Jalal assert that Jinnah never wanted partition of India -- it was the outcome of the Congress leaders being unwilling to share power with the Muslim League .
Pretoria itself was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Pretorius , a leader of the Voortrekkers , who named it after his father Andries Pretorius .
Ladd began his junior hockey career in the Junior A British Columbia Hockey League ( BCHL ) with the Coquitlam Express .
Aire-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Oak Ridge Associated Universities , also referred to as ORAU , is a consortium of U.S. universities headquartered in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , with an office in Washington , D.C. , and staff at several other locations across the country .
The mascot of Davis Public Schools is the '' Wolves '' .
Merrick left school at 12 , and had difficulty finding employment .
The ZX Spectrum ( Pronounced '' Zed Ecks Spec-trum '' in its original British English branding ) is an 8-bit personal home computer released in the United Kingdom in 1982 by Sinclair Research Ltd. .
Inattentional blindness , also known as perceptual blindness , is the phenomenon of not being able to see things that are actually there .
Snails , slugs , certain other invertebrates , and hagfish , and also produce external mucus , which in addition to serving a protective function , can facilitate movement and play a role in communication .
Biatecs , silver coins with the names of Celtic Kings , represent the first known use of writing in Slovakia .
Graphic design may consist of the deliberate selection , creation , or arrangement of typography alone , as in a brochure , flier , poster , web site , or book without any other element .
Choules is also the only remaining British male World War I veteran ( the last female veteran being Florence Green ) , and the last World War I veteran living in Australia .
Christian de Quincey , Ph. D. , is a philosopher and author who teaches consciousness , spirituality and cosmology at universities and colleges in the United States and Europe .
Felicity Kendall Huffman ( born December 9 , 1962 ) is an American film , stage , and television actress .
BBC Staff ( 2003-12-08 ) The term was borrowed from an earlier stage of the Troubles when the center of Belfast was fortified against attacks , the perimeter of which was known as the ring of steel .
The village does n't have running water , but has electric power .
The cartoon was co-directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks .
The Ina Bauer element is an extended fourth position in ballet in terms of where the feet are placed .
In Telemark , nystev have been replaced by rural folksongs , to a great extent .
Throughout his lifetime Carver won six O. Henry Awards : the winning stories were '' Are These Actual Miles '' ( originally titled '' What is it ? '' )
Sugar cane farming is an important aspect of the local economy , with Mossman Central Mill , the only sugar mill in the district , processing the cane before sending it to Cairns for shipping domestically and internationally .
The album has been certified 2 Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and platinum by the CRIA .
The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift , as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru , which feed the Lualaba River , which then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .
The early medieval Rustamid dynasty in Algeria was Ibadi , and refugees from its capital Tahert founded the North African Ibadi communities which exist today in the Mozabite Valley .
It is Benin 's second largest city , and although the official capital , the city of Cotonou is more important , culturally and politically .
He previously played for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp ( Nippon Professional Baseball ) , New York Yankees , Texas Rangers and Washington Nationals .
He was born in 1895 in Jaisalmer .
The light curve suggests the rotation period of Caliban is about 2.7 h.
Training The Training mode allows the player to play a variety of puzzles , with all but one of the puzzles being exclusive to the Training mode .
He first appeared in opera in the chorus and in small roles at the Glyndebourne Festival between 1972 and 1976 .
Hallie Erminie Rives , a best-selling American author and wife of an American diplomat , described how 10-year-old Anastasia ate chocolates without bothering to remove her long , white opera gloves at the St. Petersburg opera house .
Rattle was born in Liverpool , the son of Pauline Lila Violet ( Greening ) and Denis Guttridge Rattle , a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserves .
The group of cultures collectively called Mound Builders were prehistoric inhabitants of North America who constructed various styles of earthen mounds for burial , residential and ceremonial purposes .
June 25 & ndash ; Gavriil Pribylov discovers St. George Island of the Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea .
No. 1 fuel oil , No. 2 fuel oil and No. 3 fuel oil are variously referred to as distillate fuel oils , diesel fuel oils , light fuel oils , gasoil or just distillate .
It was founded and is owned by Eugene H. Krabs .
Foot-Ball Club Torinese was an Italian football club from Turin , originally founded in 1894 .
The oxides of metals are generally basic , as opposed to those of nonmetals , which are acidic .
In 1927 he was ordained as a priest , although he was so ill with tuberculosis he was not expected to live .
His father , conservative civil servant Magnus Freiherr von Braun ( 1878 -- 1972 ) , served as a Minister of Agriculture in the Federal Cabinet during the Weimar Republic .
With the approval of the occupation forces , the new mayor of Laubach made Kellner deputy mayor .
First popularized in the mid 1970s by gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin , this nutritional concept has been promoted and adapted by a number of authors and researchers in several books and academic journals .
The second model of cybermat seen in The Wheel in Space was used for sabotage , able to tune in on human brainwaves .
Recently the studio tried a reinvention of the hero through the '' Ultra N Project , '' which involved three heroes : Ultraman Noa ( the '' mascot '' of the Ultra N Project , who appears in stage shows as well as the final episode of Ultraman Nexus ) in late 2003 , Ultraman Nexus ( 2004 , CBC ) , and ULTRAMAN ( 2004 , Shochiku Productions ) .
At Backlash , the original main event match was between Chris Benoit and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship .
Kolding is a Danish seaport located at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark ( Region of Southern Denmark ) .
The 1938 -- 39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The plant comprises six separate boiling water reactors maintained by the Tokyo Electric Power Company ( TEPCO ) .
International Rugby League is dominated by Australia , England and New Zealand .
In 1920 , instead of going to Armenia as he had decided , he went to Tbilisi where he developed a film department for the Georgian Commissioner 's office of Public Education .
According to some estimates it is the second largest after the Mosque of Rome - with an area of 5.2 a , the mosque complex can accommodate up to 10,000 worshippers .
Adopted by the Virginia General Assembly in January 1800 , the Report amends arguments from the 1798 Virginia Resolutions and attempts to resolve contemporary criticisms against the Resolutions .
This is equivalent to the problem of deciding , given a program and an input , whether the program will eventually halt when run with that input , or will run forever .
The Post Office Department ( 1792 - 1971 ) was the name of the United States Postal Service when it was a Cabinet department .
A short-lived storm that remained weak due to high wind shear , Melissa formed southwest of the Cape Verde islands .
He has played for Italy national team .
His most significant success was the high pressure steam engine and he also built the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive .
The program has an executable form that the computer can use directly to execute the instructions .
The following is a list of cantons of France , within each department : !
A security protocol ( cryptographic protocol or encryption protocol ) is an abstract or concrete protocol that performs a security-related function and applies cryptographic methods .
Its name comes from a Native American term for '' fire '' .
Central Park is a public greenspace and park in the heart of Manhattan in New York City , with approximately twenty-five million visitors each year , it is the most visited urban park in the United States .
Freema Agyeman ( born Frema Agyeman on 20 March 1979 ) is a British actress of Ghanaian and Iranian descent who is best known for playing Martha Jones , former companion of the Tenth Doctor in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who , and its spin-off series Torchwood .
Sturgeon is the common name used for some 26 species of fish in the family Acipenseridae , including the genera Acipenser , Huso , Scaphirhynchus and Pseudoscaphirhynchus .
Warren helped develop a convenient diagnostic test ( 14C-urea breath-test ) for detecting H. pylori in ulcer patients .
Printable version
Timi River , a river in western Romania and Serbia
Undated The Mogul Emperor Aurangzeb buys off the bandit Shivaji by making him a Rajah and allowing him to collect taxes .
His role as the Genie in the animated film Aladdin was instrumental in establishing the importance of star power in voice actor casting .
Certain networks have made changes to prevent them from being utilized by such multi-network IM clients .
Mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; Mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .
Walt Disney attempted to achieve realistic detail in this animated film .
He was the dominant driver in the dominant car and remains an inseparable part of Lotus ' early years .
According to Livy , Hannibal much later said that when he came upon his father and begged to go with him , Hamilcar agreed and demanded that he swear that as long as he lived he would never be a friend of Rome .
Wolong National Nature Reserve houses more than 150 highly endangered giant pandas .
The Book of the Dead was intended to assist the deceased in the afterlife and comprised a collection of hymns , spells and instructions to allow the deceased to pass through obstacles in the afterlife .
He is regarded as one of the greatest forwards of all time and has scored 277 goals in a high-profile career cut short by injury .
Michael points out that Cory is his little sister and that he does n't know what 's right anymore .
Modern spectroscopes generally use a diffraction grating , a movable slit , and some kind of photodetector , all automated and controlled by a computer .
Tompkins praised the style so many other critics had dismissed , writing that sentimental novels showed how women 's emotions had the power to change the world for the better .
Tapestry is weft-faced weaving , in which all the warp threads are hidden in the completed work , unlike cloth weaving where both the warp and the weft threads may be visible .
After World War II , most of the European-colonized world in Africa and Asia gained independence in a process of decolonization .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , voice actor , producer , and creator of the animated series The Fairly OddParents , Danny Phantom and T.U.F.F. Puppy .
She is best known for playing Joy Turner on the NBC sitcom My Name Is Earl , for which she was nominated for two Emmy Awards , winning one , for a Golden Globe Award and for a Screen Actors Guild Award .
Another half-brother , Prince Abdullah , Commander of the Saudi National Guard , was named Crown Prince and First Deputy Prime Minister .
Weak anthropic principle ( WAP ) ( Carter ) : '' we must be prepared to take account of the fact that our location in the universe is necessarily privileged to the extent of being compatible with our existence as observers .
Among the most popular species that used to be planted were date palms , sycamores , fig trees , nut trees , and willows .
The universe is commonly defined as the totality of everything that exists , including all physical matter and energy , the planets , stars , galaxies , and the contents of intergalactic space , although this usage may differ with the context ( see definitions , below ) .
Departing from the dancehall influence of her previous albums , Good Girl Gone Bad contains up-tempo and ballad-oriented songs , and it heavily incorporates pop and dance-pop musical styles .
Roddick is known for his powerful serves and holds the fastest serve recorded in professional tennis , measured at 155 mph ( 249.5 km/h ) .
Alexander Mikhaylovich Ovechkin ( ; ; born September 17 , 1985 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger and captain of the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
It was more than high at the shoulder , long on average and had a tail .
In 1794 , Volta married the daughter of Count Ludovico Peregrini , Teresa , with whom he raised three sons , Giovanni , Zannino , and Flaminio .
Porpoises ( also called mereswine ) are small cetaceans of the family Phocoenidae ; they are related to whales and dolphins .
When the old woman returns Tatyana asks her to arrange for the letter to be sent to Onegin . Onegin arrives to see Tatyana and give her his answer to her letter .
He is most widely known for playing Jim Halpert on the NBC sitcom The Office .
You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work only under the terms of this License .
London , a global city and England 's capital , is the largest metropolian area in the United Kingdom and the largest urban zone in the European Union by most measures .
Born in 953 CE and originating from Merv , he paid flattery first and foremost to the courts of the Samanids , but also to the Abbasids and Ghaznavids , particularly Mahmud of Ghazni .
Pohjola received a Master 's Degree in Jazz Improvisation and Education at age 20 in the Spring of 1992 .
Finance .
A flashback in the movie Austin Powers in Goldmember shows Basil as attending the British Intelligence Academy at the same time as Austin Powers , Dr. Evil and Number 2 .
Raynald of Chatillon has seven ships freighted over the isthmus of Suez , which he then uses to pillage the shores of the Red Sea , as far as the gates of Mecca .
The struggle of the human being to come to a decision is the basis of Person vs. Him or Herself .
Tripolis is located in the center of the Peloponnese , in a broad montane basin at approximately 650m in altitude .
They married in 1834 and had numerous children ; Ben Junior was the fourth child and third son .
A vocation , from the Latin vocare ( verb , to call ) , is a term for an occupation to which a person is specially drawn or for which they are suited , trained or qualified .
Reward Challenge : The castaways will each be attached to ropes by one of two carabiners .
He said : '' We produce a draft , and then the policymakers go through it line by line and change the way it is presented ... It 's peculiar that they have the final say in what goes into a scientists ' report '' .
Loubens ( ) is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
SM Entertainment also released a '' Timeless '' documentary version of her '' Y ( Why ... ) '' music video .
Barbengo is a district of the city of Lugano , Switzerland .
In this case , the author , who would have preferred to be named , was legally prohibited from disclosing his or her identity .
Torrington is the largest city in Litchfield County , Connecticut and the northwestern Connecticut region .
Eva , whose real name is Evangeline St. Clare , is the daughter of Augustine St. Clare .
The Bird and Reptile House was completed in 1929 ; the following year the Lion House opened .
Light from a scene passes through this single point and projects an inverted image on the opposite side of the box .
During the reign of Leopold Anthony of Firmian , Protestants emerged more vigorously than before in 1731 .
Growth hormone
At the time , the Holliswood was badly damaged , with her house destroyed and her rudder torn away .
Since she was the heiress to the county of Boulogne , she was forced to leave her convent and married off to Matthew of Alsace ( c.1130-1173 ) , who would become Count of Boulogne and co-ruler (/O1160/O) through his marriage to her .
Backlash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced every April ( with the exception of 2005 ) by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) . The event was created in 1999 , with its inaugural event produced as an In Your House event in April of that year .
The music was written by a friend of Higley 's named Daniel E. Kelley .
Hendrix completed junior high at Washington Junior High School with little trouble but did not graduate from Garfield High School .
The Hong Kong Observatory also issued tsunami information bulletin , while indicating Hong Kong would likely be unaffected .
The woman who is not currently a fornicatress can only marry a man who is not currently a fornicator .
Retrieved 2010-09-09 .
Knights Grand Cross and Knights Commanders prefix '' Sir '' , and Dames Grand Cross and Dames Commanders prefix '' Dame '' , to their forenames .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea or river by the action of winds , tides , waves or man .
Not only could viewers now follow the action and drama of the game on television , they could also play the game in the comfort of their own home . Broadcasts of poker tournaments such as the World Series of Poker and World Poker Tour brought in huge audiences for cable and satellite TV distributors .
Freda Miller ( 1952 -- 1953 ) Annette Kaye ( dates unknown ) Alene Akins ( 1961 -- 1963 ; 1967 -- 1972 ) Mickey Sutphin ( 1963 -- 1967 ) Sharon Lepore ( 1976 -- 1983 ) Julie Alexander ( 1989 -- 1992 ) Shawn Southwick ( 1997 -- present )
Canton may refer to :
The Sanatorium of Bellevue ( 1857 - 1980 ) , which occupied part of the old monastery , played an important role in the history of Kreuzlingen .
Despite its name , the compound contains no bromine- theobromine is derived from Theobroma , the name of the genus of the cacao tree , ( which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo ( '' God '' ) and brosi ( '' food '' ) , meaning '' food of the gods '' ) with the suffix - ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds .
Benefits of substitution Templates are often modified or deleted .
Charlotte 's Web is an award-winning children 's novel by acclaimed American author E. B. White , about a pig named Wilbur who is saved from being slaughtered by an intelligent spider named Charlotte .
It is the only dormouse native to the British Isles ( though the edible dormouse , Glis glis , has been accidentally introduced and now has an established population ) , and is therefore often referred to simply as the Dormouse in British sources .
The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for '' Best Rap\/Sung Collaboration '' category and won the group a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for '' Best R&B \/O/ Soul Single by a Group , Band or Duo '' .
Plains Zebra , Equus quagga
The standard ( 255 , 223 ) Reed -- Solomon code is capable of correcting up to 16 Reed -- Solomon symbol errors in each codeword .
At least three , and possibly twenty , people were killed .
Fredrik Brarud -- Drums 2002 - 2009
The only official responsibility of a captain specified by the Laws of the Game is to participate in the coin toss prior to kick-off ( for choice of ends ) and prior to a penalty shootout .
The ray-finned fishes are so called because they possess lepidotrichia or '' fin rays '' , their fins being webs of skin supported by bony or horny spines ( '' rays '' ) , as opposed to the fleshy , lobed fins that characterize the class Sarcopterygii which also , however , possess lepidotrichia .
The sapta-Konkan is a slightly larger region described in the Skanda-purana .
The modern oud and the European lute both descend from a common ancestor via diverging evolutionary paths .
The song was first sung by Norworth 's then-wife Nora Bayes and popularized by many other vaudeville acts .
The Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) is a public transport authority that operates buses , streetcars , subways , and rapid transit lines in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Her first album ( LP ) , '' Ya mur Duas '' ( '' Prayer for the Rain '' ) was published in 1982 .
The United States has more than 40 million Hispanic residents or about 14 % of its total population .
While the biblical tree is usually interpreted as representing sensual pleasure , the Bodhi tree gave pure transcendent knowledge .
Rhee won a seat at the First Assembly of South Korea on 10 May 1948 by a parliamentary vote after left-wing parties boycotted the election .
The population was 29,672 at the 2000 , but by the 2009 U.S. Census estimates , the city had fallen to a population of 28,772 .
It is still used today by the Ixil , kek ` chi and Quiche in the Guatemalan highlands .
Monks were killed in the abbey , thrown into the sea to drown or carried away as slaves along with the church treasures .
Beethoven 's ninth and a new home , 1846 After only a dozen public performances and barely four years old , the Philharmonic organized a concert to raise funds to build a new music hall .
McGhee started his career at Greenock Morton in 1975 and spent spells at clubs including Newcastle United , Aberdeen , Hamburg , Celtic , IK Brage and Reading .
( born December 24 , 1986 in Aoi-ku , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese dance instructor who won the Miss Universe 2007 title in May 2007 .
Valdano started playing when he was 16 years old for Rosario 's club Newell 's Old Boys , where he also started playing professionally , as well as with the Argentina national football team , in 1972 .
Prince Iraj Mirza ( 1874 - 1926 ) ( titled Jal l-ol-Mam lek ) , son of prince Gholam Hossein Mirza , was a famous Iranian poet .
The penal settlement of Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction .
There are also many large shopping areas along Central Park Avenue ( NY 100 ) , informally called '' Central Ave '' by area residents , a name it takes officially a few miles north in White Plains , New York .
Even though Che Guevara is a figure that people have very different opinions of , a black and white picture of his face has become one of the world 's most universally merchandized and objectified images .
The few interlopers that have been identified are all small ( Florczak et al . 1998 , and also by inspection of the PDS asteroid taxonomy data set for non S-type members . )
The second generation of Pokémon began in 2000 with the release of Pokémon Gold and Silver for Game Boy Color .
It was accidentally introduced to the town of Tring in England through an escape from Lionel Walter Rothschild 's private collection in 1902 .
Sallen is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
'' Picasa '' is a blend of the name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso , the phrase mi casa for '' my house '' and '' pic '' for pictures ( personalized art ) .
Grass was raised a Catholic .
It was first administered in November 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board 's Scholastic Aptitude Test , now the SAT Reasoning Test .
Moisture refers to the presence of a liquid , especially water , often in trace amounts .
In American drum and bugle corps , G was the traditional key for bugles to be pitched in through the year 2000 .
While Stargate Worlds ( SGW ) is mainly about the story arc to Stargate SG-1 , the first expansion pack is planned to be about Stargate Atlantis .
In 1888 , he received his Ph. D. from Berlin under the direction of Gustav von Schmoller and Adolph Wagner , then the most eminent German economists .
For example , alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a hazard outside the body , but emitters are carcinogenic when inhaled or ingested .
During the weekend many Conservative MPs were faced with the anger of their local party members who overwhelmingly supported Thatcher but did not at that time have a vote in leadership elections and opinion polls showed that John Major would also boost Conservative support if he were to become leader ( previously Heseltine 's unique selling-point ) .
Congressional hearings into the 500 also took place in 1978 .
This means that while it costs money to send children there , towns will make a contract with a school to take children from a town or MSAD at a slightly reduced rate .
It is placed as the heaviest member of group 15 ( VA ) although a sufficiently stable isotope is not known at this time that would allow chemical experiments to confirm its position .
Tony George stated difficulties in meeting the demands of Ecclestone to continue to host the event .
The popular AFI 100 Years ... series , which ran from 1998 to 2008 , and created jury-selected lists of America 's best movies in categories including Musicals , Laughs and Thrills , drove new generations to experience classic American films .
By September 6 , a well-defined cloud swirl became evident , with thin rainbands developing in the southeast and northwest quadrants .
The Class 220 Voyager are a class of diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation in 2000 and 2001 .
He ran customer cars in Formula Two under various names from 1972 to 1979 -- even briefly running a customer Formula One Ferrari 312T as Scuderia Everest in 1976 -- before gaining financial backing from well known Italian motor racing patron Piero Mancini in 1979 to set up the Minardi racing team as a constructor .
Still , the Silurian genus Poleumita contains fiftean identified species .
As an actress she is best known for her roles in the movie Sara and a TV comedy series 13 Posterunek .
David Thomas '' Davy '' Jones ( born 30 December 1945 ) is an English pop singer-songwriter and actor best known as a member of The Monkees .
These names are missing in the Greek translation of the Septuagint .
The Spanish and Portuguese colonies adopted the calendar later because of the slowness of communication .
During the Irish Civil War , O'Kelly was in jail until December , 1923 .
Tropical Depression Four formed on August 13 just east of Cape Verde .
Other major cities on Vancouver Island include Nanaimo , Port Alberni , Parksville , Courtenay , and Campbell River .
The city was the capital of the former Bhopal state .
The Toei Asakusa Line began service to Shimbashi in 1968 , and the elevated Yurikamome station opened in 1995 .
Van Dam 's celebration was then interrupted by Edge and his girlfriend Lita .
The capital is Puerto Cabezas .
While the mountains slope gradually away to the north and the south , there is a steep slope to the west , where the Red Main forms the boundary of the mountains .
Torre , one of 17 contrade of Siena
He worked as an elementary school teacher like his father , and in 1909 he began his political career , joining the German Democratic Party .
Orsanco ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The topography of an area can also mean the surface shape and features themselves .
Aschenbach sits in his chair on the Lido beach , watching Tadzio and his friends play .
It was fought in waters near the Philippine islands of Leyte , Samar , and Luzon , from 23 to 26 October 1944 , between naval and naval-air forces of the Allies and those of the Empire of Japan .
Many family names are derived from Stephen : the most common are Stephens/Stevens and Stephenson/Stevenson ( others include Stephen , Stephan , Stefan , Stevin , and Stever ) .
William Addams Reitwiesner , '' Persons eligible to succeed to the British Throne as of 1 Jan 2001 '' Under British law , a child born to a married woman is assumed to be the child of her husband .
His modification was to use a 6 dot cell -- the Braille system -- which revolutionized written communication for the blind .
Because the rule is actually made of three parts , it also known as the '' three rules of de Wahl '' .
Different populations and cultures followed over the millennia , including the Iberians , the Tartessians , Celts and Celtiberians , Phoenicians , Greeks , Carthaginians , Romans , Suebi and Visigoths .
At the 2009 Spanish Grand Prix , Brawn achieved their second 1-2 of the season with Button leading home Barrichello again .
Kazuki Hiramoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokyo Verdy .
This plastic is sometimes regurgitated and fed to chicks ; a study of Laysan Albatross chicks on Midway Atoll showed large amounts of ingested plastic in naturally dead chicks compared to healthy chicks killed in accidents .
The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that Maine 's total gross state product for 2007 was US$ 48 billion .
Berwickshire was formerly one of the ancient counties of Scotland , but was abolished in 1975 during local government reorganisation .
With the high level of daily passenger traffic , facilities of the MTR stations are built with durability and accessibility in mind .
Its postal code is 14700 .
Following World War II , in 1945 , the United Nations was founded in the hope of allaying conflicts among nations and preventing future wars .
Funk music was a major influence on the development of disco music , and funk samples were present in most styles of house music and early hip hop music .
Sesser is a city in Franklin County , Illinois , United States .
He first came to public attention in 1981 , when he was cast in Julian Mitchell 's play and subsequent film Another Country as an openly homosexual student at an English public school , set in the 1930s .
All-Star selection (/O2010/O)
The post of DCI was established by President Harry Truman on January 23 , 1946 , with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position ; it thus predates the establishment of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Warner was named to the AFL 's First-team All-Arena in both 1996 and 1997 after he led the Barnstormers to Arena Bowl appearances in both seasons .
Jumigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Atticus is appointed by the court to defend a black man named Tom Robinson , who has been accused of raping Mayella Ewell , a young white woman .
The music video for the song was released in April 2007 on British television .
His political career continued when he was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from 1875 to 1877 .
Founded in 1895 , each season currently consists of over 70 concerts in the Albert Hall , a series of chamber concerts at Cadogan Hall , additional Proms in the Park events across the United Kingdom on the last night , and associated educational and children 's events .
Trees grow shorter towards the inhospitable climate until they simply stop growing .
The name '' John Doe '' is used as a placeholder name in a legal action , case or discussion for a male party , whose true identity is unknown or must be withheld for legal reasons .
Kenan Evren ( 12 September 1980 - 9 November 1982 ) Served with the title '' head of state '' following the September 1980 military coup .
The contributions of individuals such as William Harvey ( the circulation of blood ) , Carolus Linnaeus ( system of nomenclature ) , Georges Buffon ( natural history ) , Georges Cuvier ( comparative anatomy ) , and Claude Bernard ( homeostasis ) greatly advanced the field .
East Asia or Eastern Asia ( the latter form preferred by the United Nations ) is a subregion of Asia that can be defined in either geographical or cultural terms . Geographically and geo-politically , it covers about 12000000 k , or about 28 percent of the Asian continent , about 15 percent bigger than the area of Europe .
It crosses the Hindu Kush .
Empire of the Sun is an Australian electronic music duo that formed in 2006 .
In human sexual behavior , foreplay is a set of intimate psychological and physical acts between two or more people meant to create desire for sexual activity and sexual arousal .
Once a sufficient set of thermodynamic variables have been specified , values of all other properties of the system are uniquely determined .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura - the largest natural lake being Lac de Chalain , measuring 3 km long and 1 km wide .
They never interbreed in the wild , although it has proved possible to produce hybrids between Eastern Grey females and Western Grey males in captivity .
Both The Mammoth Book of the World 's Greatest Chess Games and Modern Chess Brilliancies include more games by Tal than any other player .
The name '' Johor '' originated from the Arabic word Jauhar , ` gem\/precious stone ' .
Henry VI ( 6 December 1421 -- 21 May 1471 ) was King of England from 1422 to 1461 and again from 1470 to 1471 , and disputed King of France from 1422 to 1453 .
However , in the 1993 -- 94 season , Brodeur gained recognition when he won the Calder Trophy , an annual award for the best rookie in the NHL , after leading the Devils to the second best record in the league and the Eastern Conference Finals in the playoffs , where they lost to the New York Rangers in seven games .
This book takes place around the year 5270 , some 3,000 years after the events in Ender 's Game .
Edinburgh 's previous tram system , Edinburgh Corporation Tramways , shut down on 16 November 1956 and since then the only local public transport services consisted of buses and a limited network of local rail lines .
Pasteurization causes some irreversible and some temporary denaturation of the proteins in milk .
Initially , Before I Self Destruct was planned to be 50 Cent 's 2007 album , for which he confirmed he had already completed twelve songs .
The Danube ( in English ) is Europe 's second longest river after the Volga .
The National League East Division is one of Major League Baseball 's six divisions .
Medusa is another word for jellyfish , and as such is used to refer specifically to the adult stage of the life cycle .
Like much African-inspired music , funk typically consists of a complex groove with rhythm instruments such as electric guitar , electric bass , Hammond organ , and drums playing interlocking rhythms .
The cyclone caused three deaths in Florida , sank a fishing trawler off the coast of North Carolina , and caused $ 10 million in damage ( 1982 USD ) .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Carter ( from his official residence in Bathurst ) sent an envoy with a message that if the abuses continued , '' he might expect a visit of a disciplinary nature from the marine forces of the Queen of England . ''
According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards , the award is presented to '' vocal or instrumental alternative music albums containing at least 51 % playing time of newly recorded music '' , defining '' alternative '' as a '' non-traditional '' genre that exists '' outside of the mainstream music consciousness '' .
Samuel F. B. Morse independently developed an electrical telegraph in 1836 , an alternative design that was capable of transmitting over long distances using poor quality wire .
Stephan Engels ( born 6 September 1960 in Niederkassel ) is a former German football player and manager .
It was invented between 1830 and 1850 by the Belgian polymath Adolphe Quetelet during the course of developing '' social physics '' .
As of 2009 , Riverside had an estimated population of 300,430 .
The usual bitstream encoding is the Linear Pulse Code Modulation ( LPCM ) format .
Around 90 % of the city was reduced to ruins towards the end of the Second World War .
In 2009 the party agreed to an electoral alliance with the Conservative Party and the two parties fielded joint candidates for elections to the House of Commons and the European Parliament under the banner of '' Ulster Conservatives and Unionists - New Force ( UCUNF ) '' . Literature and the web site for the 2009 European Parliament election use '' Conservatives and Unionists '' as the short name .
Mario is most often plumbing during the animated series .
Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American professional soccer club based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson , California that participates in Major League Soccer .
Millerton is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
Cystitis is a term that refers to urinary bladder inflammation that results from any one of a number of distinct syndromes . It is most commonly caused by a bacterial infection in which case it is referred to as a urinary tract infection .
Sweeney Todd , the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a 1979 Tony Award -- winning musical thriller with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and a book by Hugh Wheeler .
All of the highways into Wenchuan , and others throughout Sichuan province , were damaged , resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops .
The term is named after Vilfredo Pareto , an Italian economist who used the concept in his studies of economic efficiency and income distribution .
Despite the heavy influence of Persian on Urdu , linguistically , Urdu is not classified as an Iranian language ( as is Persian ) but rather as an Indo-Aryan language ( like Hindi , Gujarati , Bengali , Punjabi , Seraiki and Sindhi ) .
In a 1999 interview , Rowling stated that Draco is based on several prototypical schoolyard bullies she encountered and Snape on a sadistic teacher of hers who abused his power .
In 2008 , 22,832,865 passengers passed through the Palma de Mallorca Airport with an additional 1.5 million arriving by sea .
Other singles released from the album include '' Yo ( Excuse Me Miss ) '' , another U.S. top ten hit for Brown , as well as '' Gim/Ome That '' , released as a remix featuring rapper Lil Wayne , and the fourth single , '' Say Goodbye '' , which peaked at number ten in the U.S./LOCATION. The fifth and final single from the album , '' Poppin ' '' , charted outside the U.S. top forty .
Later on Magyar people settled in Bezenye until it was sacked by Turkish troops .
Thorin is fatally wounded and reconciles with Bilbo before he dies .
H. D. Holland and K. K. Turekian ) , Elsevier-Pergamon , Oxford and have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane in Western Australia , in the Acasta Gneiss in the Northwest Territories on the Canadian Shield , and on other cratonic regions such as those on the Fennoscandian Shield .
Over the course of their evolution , netbooks have ranged in size from below 5 '' screen diagonalUMID Netbook Only 4.8 .
It is one of Australia 's best known wildflowers .
In Japanese mythology , Susanoo , the powerful storm of Summer , is the brother of Amaterasu , the goddess of the sun , and of Tsukuyomi , the god of the moon .
THQ ran a competition in January 2007 offering the winners the chance to play the beta version of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. , in a 24 hour marathon session .
Francis II ( ) ( 12 February 1768 2 March 1835 ) was the last Holy Roman Emperor , ruling from 1792 until 6 August 1806 , when he dissolved the Empire after the disastrous defeat of the Third Coalition by Napoleon at the Battle of Austerlitz .
Nasi lemak kukus which means steam nasi lemak is another name given to nasi lemak served with steamed rice .
Les Loges is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It was previously known by various names , including Netherlands New Guinea ( 1895 -- 1 October 1962 ) , West New Guinea ( 1 October 1962 -- 1 May 1963 ) , West Irian ( 1 May 1963 -- 1973 ) , and Irian Jaya ( 1973 -- 2000 ) .
In the United States , the series aired from March 28 , 1999 to August 10 , 2003 on Fox before ceasing production .
An extremophile ( from Latin meaning '' extreme '' and Greek ( ) meaning '' love '' ) is an organism that thrives in and may even require physically or geochemically extreme conditions that are detrimental to the majority of life on Earth .
This town is the county seat of St. Clair County along with Pell City .
The climate of a location is affected by its latitude , terrain , and altitude , as well as nearby water bodies and their currents .
The estimated population in 2007 was 107,921 .
The music received a slight quality upgrade with modern MIDI tools .
The Narrows is the tidal strait separating the boroughs of Staten Island and Brooklyn in New York City .
Molly Hatchet is an American southern rock band formed in Jacksonville , Florida in 1971 .
He patented his invention in the United States in 1928Glinsky p. 346 .
The United States Army Reserve ( USAR ) is the federal reserve force of the United States Army .
Radioactive Iodine-131 is used in patients with papillary or follicular thyroid cancer for ablation of residual thyroid tissue after surgery and for the treatment of thyroid cancer .
Secondary sources are at least one step removed from an event .
Toshir Mifune ( Mifune Toshir ; April 1 , 1920 -- December 24 , 1997 ) was a Japanese actor who appeared in almost 170 feature films .
The default position on Wikipedia is that editors who should edit using one account only .
In any case the name Cape Everard was used from that time up until 1970 and there has been doubt and long-running scholarly debate about exactly what Cook saw .
The following municipalities are located within the district :
Upon moving into Oklahoma , flood and flash flood warnings were issued for several counties .
MEPIS is a set of Linux distributions , distributed as Live CDs that can be installed onto a hard disk drive .
The Chrysler Corporation , Mitsubishi 's longtime partner , also used the name in the 1970 when it rebadged the second generation Mitsubishi Galant as Dodge Colt and Plymouth Colt captive imports for the United States market .
According to the DVD commentary on the episode '' Serenity '' , this was explained as being the result of China and the United States being the two superpowers that expanded into space .
The first Freikorps were recruited by Frederick II of Prussia in the 18th century during the Seven Years ' War .
Although she was a high soprano , she performed , and recorded , both the trousers roles of the Composer and Octavian on Richard Strauss 's Ariadne auf Naxos and Der Rosenkavalier , respectively .
It is able to see as far away as , but because its retinas only contain cones , it is thought to have poor night vision .
In a repeat of the events of 1096 , Crusaders attack and massacre Jewish communities along the Rhine .
The name of the city originated from the Vilnia River .
Glasgow was announced as the host city on 9 November 2007 .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church he is blessed , and his feast day is celebrated on 15 June .
The total population of the district according to the 1998 census was 395,000 , which is estimated to have increased to 434,000 in 2003 , with an annual growth rate of 2 % .
If there is no break in activity , this is considered a tornado outbreak , although there are various definitions .
There are currently 4 genera and 54 species included in the Deomyinae .
Norfolk is a low-lying county in the East of England .
Lodhran ( ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
Incheon Pentaport Rock Festival is a rock festival , which is held annually in Incheon , South Korea for three days at the end of July .
For two hours every day , between 10:00 and 11:59 ( UTC ) , there are actually three different days observed at the same time in different places .
The film 's visual effects include many breakthroughs in computer-generated effects , marking the first use of natural human motion for a CG character and the first computer-generated main character .
Its center is the city of Banja Luka and it 's located in the northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
Because of this , the band says , '' He took our cuts for us ... leaving us ` Kutless ' . ''
Records of seismic waves allow seismologists to map the interior of the Earth , and locate and measure the size of these different sources .
His music was not well accepted in Poland .
In a review for The Seattle Times , Mary Brennan highlights the book as '' A sweeping story that provides both a harrowing history lesson and an engagingly human narrative '' .
Cephalopod size , for maximum shell diameters The Chambered Nautilus , a poem of Oliver Wendell Holmes Coelacanth , another '' living fossil '' History of animals by Conrad Gesner , first book with fossil illustrations .
Earth travels a tremendous distance in its orbit around the sun , at a speed of around 30 km/s or over 108,000 km per hour .
West Hampstead
Absinthe should be stored in a cool , room temperature , dry place away from light and heat .
Six of the twelve founding members were never relegated from the Prva HNL - Dinamo Zagreb , Hajduk Split , Osijek , Rijeka , Vara din and NK Zagreb .
It is now standard practice to provide one traction motor driving each axle through a gear drive .
Brown is the author or co-author of over 50 books on global environmental issues and his works have been translated into more than forty languages .
He gave Casals instruction in piano , violin , and organ .
However , Morley evidently spent some time away from East Anglia , for he later referred to the great Elizabethan composer of sacred music , William Byrd , as his teacher ; while the dates he studied with Byrd are not known , they were most likely in the early 1570s .
'' Alejandro '' is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga . It was released as the third and final single from her third extended play ( EP ) , and second major release The Fame Monster ( 2009 ) .
Enlightenment , also known simply as E , is a stacking window manager for the X Window System which can be used alone or in conjunction with a desktop environment such as GNOME or KDE .
It is the capital of Erode district .
Its membership consists of the 205 National Olympic Committees .
Lusigny-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
A mule is the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse .
Avon-les-Roches , a commune in the département of Indre-et-Loire
The low produced intermittent convection until it was absorbed by a frontal zone late on October 5 to the northeast of the Leeward Islands .
Her Greek opposite is Harmonia , whose Latin counterpart is Concordia .
Alongside Metallica 's Master of Puppets ( released the same year ) , Reign in Blood is considered one of the most influential thrash metal albums of all time .
Neso ( , or as in Greek ) , also known as Neptune XIII , is the outermost irregular natural satellite of Neptune .
People may engage in oral sex as part of foreplay before sexual intercourse , during , or as intercourse .
They often alternate top billing for their screenplays while sharing film credits for editor under the alias Roderick Jaynes .
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach , a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov ( , , Kiev -- March 10 , 1940 , Moscow ) was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century .
Virgil 's biographical tradition is thought to depend on a lost biography by Varius , Virgil 's editor , which was incorporated into the biography by Suetonius and the commentaries of Servius and Donatus , the two great commentators on Virgil 's poetry .
Clarkson made her debut under RCA Records after she won the first season of the television series American Idol in 2002 .
After experiencing health problems and being admitted to the hospital four times in 2006 , Ford died in his home on December 26 , 2006 .
The South Yorkshire County Council was abolished and its districts became unitary authorities ; they are the City of Sheffield , the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster , the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley and the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham .
The authors may not be qualified to provide you with complete information or to inform you about adequate safety precautions and other measures to prevent injury , or other damage to your person , property or reputation .
It was built over the site of the former Visigothic cathedral , which under the Moors had been turned into a mosque .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League .
On sexual arousal breast size increases , venous patterns across the breasts become more visible , and nipples harden .
Dhaghano Bozdar is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of PakistanOfficial website of District Government Tando Allahyar .
It has only ever been continuously borne by princes of the House of Habsburg and later through the female line into the House of Habsburg-Lorraine .
In its long history , Gregorian chant has been subjected to many gradual changes and some reforms .
Patrick John Hillery , more popularly known as Paddy Hillery , was born in Spanish Point , Miltown Malbay , County Clare in 1923 .
She has won 11 WTA singles titles and 5 WTA doubles titles and has earned over US$ 8.3 million in prize money .
The Calder Freeway bypasses Kyneton to the north and east .
They claim that a Racial Holy War is destined to happen , which would eliminate Jews and '' mud races '' from the planet .
The group was officially announced on September 15 , 1999 in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Oakland City is the second-largest city but third-largest community in Gibson County , Indiana , after the city of Princeton and the town of Fort Branch It is the home of Oakland City University .
After releasing three EPs without a hit song , Coldplay sparked their first Top 40 hit with the lead single from Parachutes , '' Shiver '' , released in March 2000 to a number 35 peak position on the UK Singles Chart .
This led to yet another period of prosperity , with the town 's population rising from 16,780 in 1921 to almost 25,000 in 1935 .
Benjamin David Goodman , ( May 30 , 1909 June 13 , 1986 ) was an American jazz musician , clarinetist and bandleader , known as '' King of Swing '' , '' Patriarch of the Clarinet '' , '' The Professor '' , and '' Swing 's Senior Statesman '' .
Compounds that are prepared by reaction of other compounds are referred to as '' synthetic '' . They may be either compounds that already are found in plants or animals ( semi-synthetic compounds ) , or those that do not occur naturally .
The cut stones of the fortress were used in the construction of the Pont de la Concorde ( Paris ) .
Several sister-labels also exist , such as ANTI- , Burning Heart Records , Fat Possum Records , Hellcat Records and Heart & Skull Records that have signed other types of bands .
Safety problems emerged soon after it was completed in 2004 when one spike was dislodged and eventually 22 more were removed as a safety measure .
In the special case where the angular momentum vector is parallel to the angular velocity vector , one can relate them by the equation where L is the angular momentum and is the angular velocity .
The band enjoyed brief international superstar status in the Seventies when the single version of '' Radar Love '' , from the Gold-certified album Moontan became a hit in both Europe and the USA .
Prior to the Union there were separate Lord Chancellors of England and Scotland .
The very first chord in the piece , the Tristan chord , is of great significance in the move away from traditional tonal harmony as it resolves to another dissonant chord : Magee , Bryan ( 2001 ) , The Tristan Chord : Wagner and Philosophy , Metropolitan Books .
Between the river and the crest of the range the western slopes are occupied by Yusufzai Pathans .
President Barack Obama named Hillary Rodham Clinton as his choice for Secretary of State on December 1 , 2008 .
Births September 16 -- Drusilla , daughter of Germanicus and Agrippina the Elder ( d. 38 ) .
The classical collections such as Qin Shi , Qinshi Bu and Qinshi Xu include biographies of hundreds more players .
Tammy Kitzmiller , et al .
Dumfries and Galloway is one of 32 council areas of Scotland . It was created in 1975 by uniting the historic region of Galloway to the County of Dumfries ( Dumfriesshire ) for the purpose of council administration , hence '' Dumfries and Galloway '' .
They are the current European Super League champions .
Because of these scales , the caecilians were once thought to be related to the fossil Stegocephalia , but they are now believed to be a secondary development , and the two groups are most likely unrelated .
He had established his own record label , US Records , and is a part owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers franchise .
Her second child , a boy named Moses Bruce Anthony Martin , was born on April 8 , 2006 , in New York City 's Mount Sinai Hospital .
Reaction at the festival was highly positive .
A jury recommended that Couey receive the death penalty , and on August 24 , 2007 , he was sentenced to death .
Also , the same dates can be repeated in ranges : May 7 -- 9 .
Canada ( Vancouver , BC ) : Virgin Radio 953
Although Italy had hoped to begin the war with a surprise offensive intended to move quickly and capture several Austrian cities , the war soon bogged down into trench warfare similar to the Western Front fought in France .
VH1 ranked it as # 11 on their list of the 40 greatest metal songs of all time and in 2009 it was named the 51st best hard rock song of all time also by VH1 .
M. gallopavo
` Aleph is also the first letter of the Hebrew word emet , which means truth .
The Wyclif Bible is completed by John Purvey , and Wyclif 's followers , known as the Lollards , begin to be persecuted .
IMI 's educational partner is Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK ( MMU ) .
Adhemar Pimenta is a former Brazilian football manager .
Little 's team is also known for making an enclosed driver 's seat to improve driver safety , after driver Dean Chenoweth was killed in a crash in Kennewick , Washington during qualification for a race in 1982 .
Females are bright reddish-pink or a brownish color with well-developed reniform spots .
Downstream as far as Mastuj it is known as the Yarkhun River .
The Suzuki Method was conceived in the mid-20th century by Shin ` ichi Suzuki , a Japanese violinist who desired to bring some beauty to the lives of children in his country after the devastation of World War II .
A diplomat in Yangon told the Reuters news agency that the area around him looked like a ` war zone ' as a result of the cyclone .
Popescu began his career with Romanian side Universitatea Craiova , before moving to Spain where he played with three different La Liga clubs - UD Salamanca , Valencia CF and CD Numancia .
Monte Cristo is Italian for '' The mountain of Christ '' , which has led some to believe it is the reason Dumas picked it for the book .
It traced Stuart 's route and opened up the interior for permanent settlement .
Although the previous holder of the title , Emma Tillman , died on 28 January 2007 around 10:10 PM EST time , it was already well into 29 January in Japan at that time .
This page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and edit the English Wikipedia .
Cuts Like a Knife is the third studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams .
She has influenced such writers as Neil Gaiman , Stephen King , Nigel Kneale and Richard Matheson .
SeaMonkey consists of a web browser ( SeaMonkey Navigator ) , which is a descendant of the Netscape family , an e-mail and news client program ( SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird ) , an HTML editor ( SeaMonkey Composer ) and an IRC client ( ChatZilla ) .
Eastern Oklahoma State College & ndash ; Wilburton , Oklahoma
In this process the external agent is deemed to provide or absorb any relevant work , and the point charge being slowly moved gains no kinetic energy .
It was discovered by N. R. Pogson on April 15 , 1857 and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne .
Tavria is Crimea 's most successful football club and is the winner of the very first Ukrainian Premier League , making them one out of 3 teams that have ever held this title .
Men 's bikini briefs normally have no fly .
On its northward trek , Hermine left behind most of its convection . The storm made landfall near New Bedford , Massachusetts , early on August 31 , appearing as little more than a low-level swirl of clouds .
Gans is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Thus the kinetic energy of a tennis ball in flight is the kinetic energy due to its rotation , plus the kinetic energy due to its translation .
It was certified Platinum on January 5 , 1977 , when it sold 1,000,000 albums and peaked at number 11 on the Billboard pop album chart .
The film was directed by Elia Kazan and written by Budd Schulberg . It stars Marlon Brando , Eva Marie Saint , Rod Steiger , Karl Malden and Lee J. Cobb .
Titanis is a large extinct flightless carnivorous bird of the family Phorusrhacidae , endemic to North America during the Blancan stage of the Pliocene living 4.9 -- 1.8 Ma , and died out during the Gelasian Age of the earliest Pleistocene , existing approximately .
Machine translation , sometimes referred to by the abbreviation MT , is a sub-field of computational linguistics that investigates the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another .
The film ends with a credit sequence featuring the hidden track from The Black Parade , '' Blood '' .
When all the monosaccharides in a polysaccharide are the same type the polysaccharide is called a homopolysaccharide , but when more than one type of monosaccharide is present they are called heteropolysaccharides .
Wynton Alan Whai Rufer , CNZM , ( born 29 December 1962 ) , is a retired New Zealand footballer , who played as a striker .
This reduced the distance by 18.688 m , and Rain Lover 's 1968 race record of 3min .19.1 sec was accordingly adjusted to 3min .17.9 sec .
Lovilia is a city in Monroe County , Iowa , United States .
The on the west side , named for the nearby statue of the dog Hachik and adjacent to Shibuya 's famous scramble crossing , is a particularly popular meeting spot .
It is the world 's third largest producer of toys .
The third edition , organised again by the Leonese City Council , in collaboration with several linguistic associations , specially puntuLLI that developed the technical media , being dedicated to Internet and the New Technologies .
Many new ideas generated during the planning process were not described in the original documents .
The monastery 's scriptorium was also a major site for the production of manuscripts .
For example , Kaliningrad , an exclave of Russia , is not an enclave because it is surrounded not by one state , but by two : Lithuania and Poland ; it also borders the Baltic Sea .
( 27 June 1846 -- 6 October 1891 ) was an Irish Anglican landowner , nationalist political leader , land reform agitator , and the founder and leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party .
By limiting the material processed using a particular key , those attacks are made more difficult .
Touch originated from the sport of rugby league in the 1960s , with the tackle of opposing players replaced by a touch .
A series of short mining booms followed .
iAfria Iafrica.com
Castration ( also referred to as : gelding , spaying , neutering , fixing , orchiectomy , oophorectomy ) is any action , surgical , chemical , or otherwise , by which a male loses the functions of the testes or a female loses the functions of the ovaries .
January 26 & ndash ; Michigan is the 26th state admitted to the United States of America .
On 25 July 2009 , the death of the last Tommy from World War I , Harry Patch ( at 111 the oldest man in the United Kingdom and also in Europe ) , left Claude Choules as the last serviceman of the British forces in World War I.
It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck .
It was first published between 1768 and 1771 in Edinburgh , Scotland and quickly grew in popularity and size , with its third edition in 1801 reaching over 21 volumes .
Microsoft Office Online is the Microsoft Office tools and assistance Web site .
Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
Generally , a compromised machine is only one of many in a botnet , and will be used to perform malicious tasks of one sort or another under remote direction .
Asshole ( or arsehole in British English and Australian English ) is slang for the anus and is usually used as an insult .
In March 1994 , the group won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance for the song '' Plush .
CRC Press , 2005 .
He criticizes the song for being the latest , '' high-profile message to young women and men that our sexuality is a malleable commodity that can be reshaped at will '' .
His father , Dick Zimmer , was a Republican congressman from New Jersey from 1991 through 1997 .
Furnier 's solo career as Alice Cooper , adopting the band 's name as his own name , began with the 1975 concept album Welcome to My Nightmare .
The contents of Muslim theology can be divided into theology proper such as theodicy , eschatology , anthropology , apophatic theology , and comparative religion .
In 1972 he was also a state yo-yo champion .
Being amphibious , they are uniquely adapted to intertidal habitats , unlike most fish in such habitats which survive the retreat of the tide by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
Search of vehicles and persons ICE is led by an Assistant Secretary , who is appointed at the sub-Cabinet level by the President of the United States , confirmed by the Senate , and reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security .
Troy ( Hittite : Wilusa or Truwisa ; Greek : , Ilion , and , Troia ; Latin : Tr ia and lium ; Tr ia is the typical Latin name for the city .
Goldenthal worked on Taymor 's previous films Titus and Frida .
The framework is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License and is standard part of the Linux kernel since Linux 2.6 .
In 1879 , Wilson attended law school at the University of Virginia for one year .
She is Chancellor of the University of Dublin .
Once a term students from the external properties attend a ` mini-school ' at the school .
The tracks passed through cast iron tubes underneath the Fleet sewer before rising slightly to enter Holborn tramway station .
A ` pantomime ' in Ancient Greece was originally a group who ` imitates all ' accompanied by sung narrative and instrumental music , often played on the flute .
Hearst read the World while studying at Harvard University and resolved to make the Examiner as bright as Pulitzer 's paper .
As Cruel as School Children is the third Gym Class Heroes album released by Fueled by Ramen .
Articles about county in the U.S. state of Michigan . For a complete list , see List of Michigan counties .
This is not strictly true , although their sight is limited to simple dark-light perception .
num_employees = 55,000
Andy van der Meijde , anglicised to van der Meyde , ( born 30 September 1979 in Arnhem , Gelderland ) is a Dutch footballer who is currently without a club after his contract with English club Everton expired .
The results of the voting were announced on 23 September 1795 , and the new constitution took effect on 27 September 1795 .
Meilen contains a total of eleven municipalities :
Shinto eventually assumed an intellectual form as shaped by neo-Confucian rationalism and materialism .
History Founded by Neville Chamberlain , the orchestra first performed as the City of Birmingham Orchestra in September 1920 , with Appleby Matthews conducting its first concert .
'' his '' show , in reference to the fact that the name was derived from one of his catch phrases , '' Laying the smackdown . ''
Demographics At independence there was a Muslim majority in West Punjab with significant minorities of Hindus and Sikhs .
These units are the express version of the Class 165 units and belong to the Networker family of trains .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
The sole representative of the monotypic genus Seleucidis , the Twelve-wired Bird of Paradise is a bird of lowland forests .
In September 2005 , Pope Benedict XVI blessed a newly installed statue of Josemaria Escriva placed in an outside wall niche of St Peter 's Basilica , a place for founders of Catholic organizations .
He is a former editor of the tabloid newspapers News of the World ( 1994 - 1995 ) and Daily Mirror ( 1995 - 2004 ) .
Mansfield is also the home to the Mansfield Eagles football club , an Australian Rules team competing in the Goulburn Valley Football League .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
In April 43 , Antony 's forces were defeated at the Battles of Forum Gallorum and Mutina , forcing Antony to retreat to Transalpine Gaul .
A trainer named Tyson owns a Meowth , which beat Ash 's Pikachu in the Ever Grande Conference .
Other factors that affect ocean organisms are sunlight , temperature , water pressure , and water movement .
Phosphorus ( ) is the chemical element that has the symbol P and atomic number 15 .
Any piece of meat , especially red meat , that has been cooked in this fashion is called a roast .
Yakup Barokas is its editor in chief .
To their surprise , the emperor enjoyed it , and so the '' twice cooked pork '' became a famous Sichuan cuisine .
Prior to his election as mayor , Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District , the Speaker of the California State Assembly , and the Los Angeles City Councilman representing the 14th District .
Because the Israelites made a difficult and hazardous journey from slavery in Egypt to freedom in The Promised Land , the Jordan can refer to freedom .
It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .
Childhood Adolf Hitler was born at the Gasthof zum Pommer , an inn in Braunau am Inn , Austria -- Hungary , the fourth of Alois and Klara Hitler 's six children .
Brands , Inc. , it specializes in Mexican-style food .
(/O1980/O) .
Another type of private ambulance are those operated by funeral directors , who generally favour black vans , with the words '' PRIVATE AMBULANCE '' printed discreetly on the vehicle .
She is startled when Wozzeck arrives and when he asks where she got the earrings , she says she found them .
The tower makes St Edmundsbury the only recently completed Anglican cathedral in the UK . Only a handful of Gothic revival cathedrals are being built worldwide .
When Endemol USA and NBC adapted it to the American market in 2001 , they changed the name to Fear Factor .
The modern camera evolved from the camera obscura .
Friedrich Ebert ( 4 February 1871 28 February 1925 ) was a German politician ( SPD ) , who served as Chancellor of Germany and its first president during the Weimar period .
Invasion by the Kalabhras during the 3rd century disturbed the traditional order of the land by displacing the three ruling kingdoms .
There are far fewer biennials than either perennial plants or annual plants .
LiveJournal ( often abbreviated LJ ) is a virtual community where Internet users can keep a blog , journal or diary .
John Gijsbert Alan '' Johnny '' Heitinga ( ; born 15 November 1983 in Alphen aan den Rijn ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for English Premier League club Everton and the Dutch national team .
It is a narrow strip lying between Alabama on the north and the west , Georgia also on the north , and the Gulf of Mexico to the south .
The city of Tver is first mentioned in written records .
From the pilot of Torchwood onwards , Harkness once again wears period military clothes from the second World War , including braces and an officer 's wool greatcoat in every appearance .
A Fibula ( Latin '' to fasten '' ) is an ancient brooch .
Roger de Quincy , 2nd Earl of Winchester ( d. 1265 )
Glasgow Central is the larger of the two present main-line railway terminals in Glasgow , Scotland , and is managed by Network Rail .
She contacted DiMaggio , who secured her release .
It is the third most important border crossing point between Pakistan and Afghanistan , after Chaman and Torkham .
Traffic congestion is a condition on networks that occurs as use increases , and is characterized by slower speeds , longer trip times , and increased queueing .
His reign was headquartered in Magadha ( present-day Bihar , India ) .
The upper portion of Big Tujunga Wash is called Tujunga Creek , or Big Tujunga Creek .
In Hesiod 's Theogony , Nyx is born of Chaos ; her offspring are many , and telling .
His close circles knew that Shamim Ara was just a replacement .
In 1920 Smiltene was granted the town rights in the Latvian Republic .
During the 1970s and 1980s , Barnes & Noble opened smaller discount stores , which were eventually phased out in favor of larger stores .
Lipids are a broad group of naturally occurring molecules which includes fats , waxes , sterols , fat-soluble vitamins ( such as vitamins A , D , E and K ) , monoglycerides , diglycerides , phospholipids , and others .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
Today , similar products are made in the regions of Emilia-Romagna , Lombardy , Piedmont , Trentino , and Veneto .
Borges Center , University of Pittsburgh : important internet resources including bibliographies , chronologies , full text articles and books , and information on the journal Variaciones Borges The Modern Word : The Garden of Forking Paths .
Ambrose Everett Burnside ( May 23 , 1824 -- September 13 , 1881 ) was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , and politician from Rhode Island , serving as governor and a U.S. Senator .
The train operator has control over the doors , and starts the train by simultaneously pressing two buttons in the cab to start the automatic process .
The final six 's loved ones arrived at camp after the Survivor Auction .
A drug , broadly speaking , is any substance that , when absorbed into the body of a living organism , alters normal bodily function .
A consultant is usually an expert or a professional in a specific field and has a wide knowledge of the subject matter .
Synopsis An Inconvenient Truth focuses on Al Gore and his travels in support of his efforts to educate the public about the severity of the climate crisis .
Since forming , they have released one EP and two full-length studio albums , the most recent being This War Is Ours on October 21 , 2008 .
The band has released seven studio albums , a live album ( Burning Japan Live 1999 ) , two DVDs and three EPs .
Episodes The Buzz on Maggie was the second Disney Channel Original Series to be cancelled after one season .
The town of Carluke ( Gaelic : Cathair MoLuaig ) lies in the heart of the Lanarkshire countryside in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , 5.4 miles northwest of Lanark and 4 miles southeast of Wishaw .
Finally , Mary tells Moe and Curly the truth , that she and Larry are married , and pushes her way into bed with the trio , knocking Moe and Curly out the train window in the process . The film closes as the Stooges , now old men , finally reunite ( at the now empty Woman Haters club house ) sharing their hatred of women and old age .
Grace Anna Goodhue Coolidge ( January 3 , 1879 -- July 8 , 1957 ) was the wife of Calvin Coolidge and First Lady of the United States from 1923 to 1929 .
In colloquial use , anonymity typically refers to the state of an individual 's personal identity , or personally identifiable information , being publicly unknown .
It is rapidly transformed into the gray arsenic by light .
manager = Guy Lacombe
Bradman anticipated receiving a bouncer as his first ball and , as the bowler delivered , he moved across his stumps to play the hook shot . The ball failed to rise and Bradman dragged it onto his stumps ; the first-ball duck was his first in a Test .
James Marsden as Scott Summers / Cyclops : The X-Men 's field leader .
The lion represents bravery , and the four bo leaves represent meththa , karuna , muditha and upeksha .
The result of this operation is called the surface integral of the flux .
Herbert '' Herb '' Alpert ( born March 31 , 1935 ) is an American musician most associated with the group variously known as Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass , Herb Alpert 's Tijuana Brass or just TJB .
Heimskringla is the best known of the Old Norse kings ' sagas .
New York City is a very large metropolitan city with a population of over 8,310,000 people with over 18,800,000 people living in the area around it .
Types B , R , and S thermocouples use platinum or a platinum -- rhodium alloy for each conductor .
The islands had very extensive damages from the 135 Mph ( 215 km\/h ) Hurricane Luis as it passed 15 miles ( 25 km ) north of Saint Barthelemy .
Neville Chamberlain was educated at Rugby School .
Since a referendum in 1995 , the country has had two official languages : Belarusian and Russian .
She played the main character in The Thacker Case and The Alphabet Killer , both thrillers based on real-life events , one of them directed by Rob Schmidt with whom she had previously worked on Wrong Turn .
The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 25,475 .
Edward N. '' Ed '' Rappaport , Ph. D. was the acting director of the National Hurricane Center .
The collection ranges from works created in the late nineteenth century when the recorded sound and film industries were in their infancy to those made in the present day .
They argued that the negative employment effects of minimum wage laws are minimal if not non-existent . For example , they look at the 1992 increase in New Jersey 's minimum wage , the 1988 rise in California 's minimum wage , and the 1990-91 increases in the federal minimum wage .
Carnivorous sponges A few species live in waters where the supply of food particles is very poor , prey on crustaceans and other small animals .
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar ( ; born 12 August 1983 in Voor-Drempt , Gelderland ) , nicknamed The Hunter , is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Schalke 04 and internationally for the Dutch national team .
HTC Corporation , formerly High Tech Computer Corporation , is a Taiwan-based manufacturer of smartphones .
Undergarments or underwear are clothes worn under other clothes , often next to the skin .
In the top of the 11th inning the Yankees scored a run on an RBI single by Randy Velarde and were three outs from reaching the American League Championship Series .
In 2007 , Peter Kese , a software developer from Kranj , Slovenia , made further developments to the eyeborg by increasing the number of color hues to 360 and adding color saturation through different volume levels .
'' Fixing a Hole '' is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
It is used in many regions , including : Asia South-east Asia Vietnam Malaysia Thailand ( long haul-train ) Rail transport in Burma .
Chess is a board game played between two players .
A soup kitchen is a place that serves prepared food of any kind to the homeless .
Dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres ( 3645 ) .
Audincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The hole had formed when a piece of insulating foam from the external fuel tank peeled off during the launch 16 days earlier and struck the shuttle 's wing .
Tens of thousands of people lined the subsequent procession route to Robinson 's interment site at Cypress Hills Cemetery in Brooklyn , New York , where he is buried next to his son Jackie and mother-in-law Zellee Isum .
The standard gauge Aberystwyth and Welsh Coast Railway was expanding rapidly from its base at Machynlleth , however , and in 1863 had reached Tywyn , so McConnel decided to build his line from the quarry to Tywyn , as the nearest point where slate could be transferred to the standard gauge railway .
Aarberg is a municipality in the district of Aarberg in the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
He received the 1952 Nobel Peace Prize for his philosophy of '' Reverence for Life '' , Nobel Peace Prize 1952 -- Presentation Speech expressed in many ways , but most famously in founding and sustaining the Albert Schweitzer Hospital in Lambaréné , now in Gabon , west central Africa ( then French Equatorial Africa ) .
Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse , Mika and The Thrills The Kooks .
Asteroid 11580 Bautzen is named in honor of the city .
Armand Traoré ( born 8 October 1989 in Paris ) is a French footballer of Senegalese descent who currently plays as a left back or left winger for Juventus , on loan from Arsenal .
Squirrels are indigenous to the Americas , Eurasia , and Africa and have been introduced to Australia .
Jeff Burton is the younger brother of Ward Burton , who is a former Sprint Cup driver .
The countries with most voting power are now the United States ( 15.85 % ) , Japan ( 6.84 % ) , China ( 4.42 % ) , Germany ( 4.00 % ) , the United Kingdom ( 3.75 % ) , and France ( 3.75 % ) .
Principal examples are those of the east ends of Lincoln Cathedral and of Carlisle Cathedral and the west fronts of York Minster and Lichfield Cathedral .
At the 2001 World Championships , she became the first woman to land a triple salchow-triple loop-double toe loop combination and won the silver medal .
Burzum is a musical project by Varg Vikernes ( originally under the pseudonym '' Count Grishnackh '' ) .
Kunimitsu Sekiguchi is a Japanese football player .
The Crusades Result During its height ( c. 950 -- c. 1130 ) the Cluniac movement was one of the largest religious forces in Europe .
Manganese chloride is produced by treating manganese ( IV ) oxide with concentrated hydrochloric acid .
Neighbours is a long-running Australian television soap opera first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985 .
The iqama , which is similar to the adhan and said immediately before the start of prayer , is usually not said from the minaret even if a mosque has one .
Juvenal Amarijo ( born 27 November 1923 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
Upon his death , the Senate declared him a public enemy ( a de facto damnatio memoriae ) and restored the original name to the city of Rome and its institutions .
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw , is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant ( Flemish Region ) .
Anchiornis is a genus of small , feathered , troodontid dinosaur .
Friday 28 October 2005 NA 27 Clichy-sous-Bois [ ] 2 .
No damage or casualties were reported , and no ships or land stations recorded tropical storm-force winds .
He identified geographical separation as the most frequent initial step towards cladogenesis ( phylogenetic branching ) .
Traditionally , it is a time to give thanks for the harvest and express gratitude in general .
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson ( born 19 June 1964 ) is an English politician and journalist .
The party operates in Armenia and in countries where the Armenian diaspora is present , notably in Lebanon and the ethnically Armenian-dominated de facto Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh .
The story of the eponymous character is taken from medieval German romance , notably the Parzival of Wolfram von Eschenbach and its sequel , Lohengrin , written by a different author , itself inspired by the epic of Garin le Loherain .
February & ndash ; Byzantine emperor Alexius IV is overthrown in a revolution , and Alexius V is proclaimed emperor .
Canberra ( ) is the capital city of Australia .
Marya Roxx ( born Maarja Kivi on 18 January 1986 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is a hard rock\/metal singer\/songwriter residing in Los Angeles .
In 1905 , James responded frustratingly to what he described as '' a beguiled infatuation '' with Austen , a rising tide of public interest that exceeded Austen 's '' intrinsic merit and interest '' .
In tuning , sharp can also mean '' slightly higher in pitch '' ( by some unspecified amount ) .
Molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions and is likely to continue to do so .
Digsby is written in wxPython and uses WebKit for rendering .
Since 1996 , Goole has been in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
The word relic comes from the Latin reliquiae , meaning '' remains '' .
YuliaTymoshenko 's first name is variously transliterated as Yuliya , Yulia , Iulia , or Julia .
Speakers Dhatki is spoken in western parts of Jaisalmer and Barmer districts of Rajasthan in India and eastern parts of Sindh province of Pakistan by about 150,000 people in all .
He lived until September 19 , having served for six months and fifteen days .
The following year , the title returned to Raw after Triple H was drafted back to the brand during the 2009 WWE Draft , and has remained exclusive to the Raw brand since .
Humans , bonobos and dolphins are all intelligent social animals , whose cooperative behavior proves far more successful than that of any individual alone .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
' ( for Reduced pull-quote ) is a variant of the quotation template , intended for relatively short pull quotes of 50 or 100 words .
Included within the ethnic group defined by the Maltese people are the Gozitans ( ) who inhabit Malta 's sister island , Gozo .
The city was known as Voroshylovsk ( ) from 1931 to 1961 , and then Komunarsk ( ) until 1991 .
Over a third of the population of the Republic of Congo lives in the capital , and it is home to 40 % of non-agricultural employment .
Older buildings , built before the 1976 earthquake , were n't designed to stay up in earthquakes .
This salt , formerly known as permanganate of potash or Condy 's crystals is a strong oxidizing agent .
Whitehall was originally a wide road that ran up to the front of the palace .
His birthday is a public holiday in North Korea . Following his death in 1994 , he was succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il .
There are three accepted living species of Trichechidae , representing three of the four living species in the order Sirenia : the Amazonian manatee ( Trichechus inunguis ) , the West Indian manatee ( Trichechus manatus ) , and the West African manatee ( Trichechus senegalensis ) .
The following night , on the January 26 edition of Raw , Michaels and Triple H were involved in an in-ring confrontation when Raw 's authority figure ( referred to as the '' Sheriff '' ) , Steve Austin , made his way to the ring .
Gay , Thomas ; Kehimkar , Isaac & Punetha , J.C. ( 1992 ) : Common Butterflies of India .
It is the first original 2D platform game starring Mario since Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins in 1992 , and the first game to be a part of the main Mario series of video games since Super Mario Sunshine in 2002 .
Cantois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
She had been chartered by the British East India Company , and left Port Jackson on 5 May 1788 to sail to China for a cargo of tea .
The typical off-peak service from the station is two trains per hour to Cheshunt , and two trains per hour to Liverpool Street station .
Benjamin James Dale ( London , 17 July 1885 - London , 30 July 1943 ) was an English composer and educationalist .
Scipio , from which we have the regimental slow march of the British Grenadier Guards was performed as a stopgap , waiting for the arrival of Faustina Bordoni .
Styx ( ) is an American rock band .
Lyme disease , or Lyme borreliosis , is an emerging infectious disease caused by at least three species of bacteria belonging to the genus Borrelia .
The United States Secretary of Veterans ' Affairs is the head of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs , the department concerned with veterans ' benefits and related matters .
Fauzy started competing in karting events in 1994 before making the move to British Formula Ford at the start of 1999 .
The number of counties in China proper is roughly 2,000 , and has remained more or less constant since the Han Dynasty ( 206 BC & ndash ; AD 220 ) .
The following year , 1969 , White received a call from John Lennon ( he thought it was a pranksterMusicRadar.com '' Alan White from Yes : What The Beatles mean to me '' ) asking him to join the Plastic Ono Band for a show that became the hit album , Live Peace in Toronto .
The court of Charles VII was shrewd and skeptical on the subject of mental health .
Theism in the broadest sense is the belief in at least one deity .
Gimnasia also won its matches against three of the most important European clubs : a 3-2 victory against Real Madrid ( at Madrid , on January 1 , 1931 , first South American team to ever defeat Real Madrid at Madrid ) , 2-1 against FC Barcelona ( at Barcelona , on January 6 , 1931 ) , and 1-0 against Benfica ( at Lisbon , on March 29 , 1931 ) .
Trustworthiness is a moral value considered to be a virtue .
She partnered with Sharon Walraven and they won this tournament , after won in the final 6 - 3 , 6 - 3 , against Daniela Di Toro and Aniek van Koot .
Bernd Franke ( born February 12 , 1948 ) is a former German football player .
Brand Consultants , which puts its focus on providing consultancy services for complex branding and design processes to service industries , followed in 2005 .
King Henry VI was originally buried in Chertsey Abbey ; then , in 1485 , his body was moved to St George 's Chapel , Windsor Castle .
Der Spiegel ( , '' The Mirror '' ) is a German weekly magazine , published in Hamburg .
Many ancient traditions have been preserved in sumo , and even today the sport includes many ritual elements , such as the use of salt purification , from the days when sumo was used in the Shinto religion . Life as a rikishi is highly regimented , with rules laid down by the Sumo Association .
Sebastian Vettel ( born July 3 , 1987 in Heppenheim , West Germany ) is a German race car driver , and the 2009 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship Runner-up .
The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( commonly known as Sri Lanka , , or ; , ) is a country off the southern coast of the Indian subcontinent .
Usually , spermicides are combined with contraceptive barrier methods such as diaphragms , condoms , cervical caps , and sponges .
The Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States active in the 1848 and 1852 presidential elections , and in some state elections .
Febvin-Palfart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
July 17 & ndash ; The armies of the Fourth Crusade capture Constantinople by assault ; the Byzantine emperor Alexius III flees from his capital into exile .
IAUC 7555 : Satellites of Jupiter 2001 January 5 ( discovery ) MPEC 2001-A28 : S\/2000 J 2 , S\/2000 J 3 , S\/2000 J 4 , S\/2000 J 5 , S\/2000 J 6 2001 January 5 ( discovery and ephemeris )
He moved to Burbank , California and , starting in 1957-1958 , worked as a musician in Alhambra , California at Dick White 's Rickey 's Lounge with the Paul Peters Trio .
chairman = Nick Owen
Ancient Egypt Online -- Bes Like many Egyptian gods , the worship of Bes was exported overseas , and he , in particular , proved popular with the Phoenicians and the ancient Cypriots .
As a result , Big Show was knocked out as he could not answer the referee 's ten count , and Mayweather was declared the winner .
She is a member of the Greek Orthodox Church .
To cope with large traffic , special cars in which the bench seats fold up to provide standing room only during the morning rush hour ( until 10 a.m. ) are operated in Tokyo ( E231 series train ) .
However , this term has taken a significant technical usage in Muslim history and theology , denoting those matters over which Muslims hold conviction .
Analogy , in language , a comparison between concepts
'' Air rifle '' and '' Air pistol '' redirect here .
Vol .14 , '' Ecclesiastical Law '' , 832 ` Penalties and disability on simony ' ; 1359 ` Simony ' ( see also current updates )
In French it is also known by its brand names , notably a Bodum or a melior , from an old brand of this type .
Renée , now an established actor , has turned movie maker , film producer and director and is currently showing her second ROC Pictures film , '' Words Unspoken '' at film festivals around the world .
He entered Parliament in 1741 as member for Buckingham , and continued to represent that borough for the next twenty nine years until his death .
Khandi Alexander ( born September 4 , 1957 ) is an American dancer , choreographer , and film and television actress .
Known as one of the premier research universities in Thailand , it offers a range of science , technology and engineering education , as well as related management programs .
Osamu Maeda ( born September 5 , 1965 ) is a former Japanese football player .
President of Iran is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
It is usually measured as a water surface elevation , expressed in units of length , at the entrance ( or bottom ) of a piezometer .
Maazel concluded his tenure as the Philharmonic 's Music Director at the end of the 2008-2009 season .
February 21 & ndash ; The Prussian Confederation is formed .
They also like to swim , even if they are terrestrial .
C.
In 1851 he became a student of Liszt , marrying Liszt 's daughter Cosima in 1857 .
Currently , the tallest structure in Australia is the Omega Navigational Mast Woodside in Woodside , Victoria .
All causes , proper and incidental , can be spoken as potential or as actual , particular or generic .
In 1990 , the Women 's Championship became inactive after Rockin ' Robin vacated the championship following her departure from the WWF .
It was produced by Hanna-Barbera and was based on the Justice League of America ( JLA ) and associated comic book characters published by DC Comics .
The Crab-eating Frog ( Fejervarya cancrivora formerly Rana cancrivora ) , is a frog native to south-eastern Asia including the Philippines and more rarely as far west as Orissa in India6 .
Webbville 's prominent citizens moved to Marianna and the L&N Railroad decided to bypass the town .
Magnetic or piezoelectric pick-ups convert the string vibration directly into an electrical signal which is amplified and used to drive a loudspeaker .
The Binturong ( Arctictis binturong ) , also known as the Asian Bearcat , the Palawan Bearcat , or simply the Bearcat , is a species of the family Viverridae , which includes the civets and genets .
Match length Pride matches consisted of three rounds ; the first lasted ten minutes and the second and third each lasted five minutes .
Fumichon is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
However , if prominent psychotic symptoms are present for a duration significantly longer than the mood episode , a diagnosis of Schizoaffective Disorder is more appropriate .
There are theories which have developed a concept called human capital ( referring to the skills that workers possess , not necessarily their actual work ) , although there are also counter posing macro-economic system theories that think human capital is a contradiction in terms .
'' Picasa '' is a blend of the name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso , the phrase mi casa for '' my house '' and '' pic '' for pictures ( personalized art ) .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
Four episodes into the series , new episodes became known as New Most Haunted in television listings and on-screen .
Clavellina ( D.M. )
This decay , or loss of energy , results in an atom of one type , called the parent nuclide , transforming to an atom of a different type , named the daughter nuclide .
Snooker is a cue sport that is played on a large baize-covered table with pockets in each of the four corners and in the middle of each of the long side cushions .
Accommodation in psychology , the process by which existing mental structures and behaviors are modified to adapt to new experiences according to Jean Piaget , in the learning broader theory of Constructivism
During his reign , two generals , Vatche Mamikonian and Vahan Amatuni , distinguished themselves for their valor in battle , often coming to help the king .
Within the Simpson , the ruins at Dalhousie Springs , Dalhousie Springs , Purnie Bore wetlands , Approdinna Attora Knoll and Poeppel Corner ( where Queensland , South Australia and Northern Territory meet ) are popular landmarks .
IGN ranked Samus as the third-best character for Super Smash Bros. .
The expression of these genes effectively transforms the plant cells into opine-producing factories . Opines are used by the bacteria as sources of nitrogen and energy .
The show finished its run on May 22 , 2009 with a total of 79 episodes .
IOL , September 22 2000 , [ ] The bones were those of a very short man , of little over four feet tall , who may have suffered from a form of congenital dwarfism .
When he confirms his stance against doping , Merckx points out that cycling is unfairly treated compared to other sports .
After several years , during which most of the other survivors had died and the only people left on the island were Conan and his grandfather , he meets a young girl named Lana , and their adventure begins .
The series is named after a satirical obituary published in a British newspaper , The Sporting Times , in 1882 after a match at The Oval in which Australia beat England on an English ground for the first time . The obituary stated that English cricket had died , and the body will be cremated and the ashes taken to Australia .
At this juncture , Raymond-Roupen , grandson of Roupen III ( the elder brother of Isabella 's father , King Leo I ) set up a claim to the throne of Cilician Armenia ; but he was defeated , captured , and executed .
A related technology is the plasma valve , invented shortly after the plasma window .
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development , who produced the original version of the game , first displayed the game as a multiplayer demonstration at the 2004 E3 titled .
Condé - en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Rio Grande Blood (/O2006/O) - Ministry
This led to several run-in appearances of WCW wrestlers during Raw and SmackDown !
There is a preview which shows what your selected articles ( only the first N pages ) will look like in a printed book .
During the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , England , France and Holland established their own overseas empires , in direct competition with each other .
However , both theorems and theories are investigations .
As of 2001 , Chennai city had a population of 4.34 million , while the total metropolitan population was 7.04 million .
Preliminary matches The first match that aired live on pay-per-view was a Belfast Brawl between Finlay and John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield ( JBL ) , a match where there were no disqualifications or countouts and the match outcomes could have occurred anywhere .
Olympic Azzaweya ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Azzaweya , Libya .
During 1993 to 1996 , fourteen troops of lion-tailed macaque were observed in Silent Valley National Park , Kerala , one of the most undisturbed viable habitats left for the lion-tailed macaque .
Trio ( TV series ) , a South Korean television drama produced by the MBC in 2002
The eighteen All-Stars arrived at Panama already divided into three tribes , Chapera , Mogo Mogo and Saboga .
Bedford is home to over one hundred immigrant languages , including Italian , Punjabi , Persian , Turkish , Polish , Portuguese and both Cantonese and Mandarin Chinese .
Glow fuel can be burned by very simple two stroke engines or by more complicated four stroke engines and these engines can provide impressive amounts of power for their very small size .
The movie revolves around a '' mutant cure '' that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans , and on the mysterious resurrection of Jean Grey , who appeared to have died in X2 .
He conducted the Los Angeles Philharmonic ( LAP ) in 1979 , and was their Principal Guest Conductor from 1981 -- 1994 .
Eve Torres is an American dancer , model , and professional wrestler .
The Atari Jaguar CD or Jag CD was a CD-ROM peripheral for the Atari Jaguar video game console .
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness is based on the ability of one natural sample of matter to scratch another .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , KG , OM , CH , PC , FRS ( 3 January 1883 & ndash ; 8 October 1967 ) was a British Labour politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 , and as the Leader of the Labour Party from 1935 to 1955 .
The Britannia Stand was originally constructed in 1952 as a simple concrete seating area .
If the player throws a pair during any turn , he wins an extra turn .
George Michael ( born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou ( ) ; 25 June 1963 ) is an English singer-songwriter who rose to fame in the 1980s when he formed the pop duo Wham !
The electron microscope ( EM ) uses a particle beam of electrons to illuminate the specimen and create a magnified image of it .
In 1999 it became part of Ford 's new Premier Automotive Group along with Aston Martin , Volvo Cars and , from 2000 , Land Rover ; Aston Martin was subsequently sold off in 2007 .
Attractions include the Caudan Waterfront , Port Louis Bazaar , the Mauritian Chinatown and the old Port Louis theater .
Eco award in July 2007 The school recently had a new building built in 2005 and was visited by Gordon Brown on November 10 2006 for the official opening .
Brissay-Choigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Although the WCW brand effectively died once and for all following the end of this storyline , ECW was temporarily revived by WWE in 2005 for the purposes of a special reunion show , ECW One Night Stand , held on June 12 , 2005 .
Urban Meyer , III ( born July 10 , 1964 ) is a former American college football coach and former player , and current television sports analyst .
It is one of the two traditional divisions of calculus , the other being integral calculus .
Asclepias amplexicaulis ( Blunt-leaved Milkweed , Clasping Milkweed ) is a species of milkweed , in the subfamily AsclepiadaceaeAsclepias amplexicaulis at USDA PLANTS Database , which is cited as a wildflower native to the United States Asclepias amplexicaulis at Wildflowers and Grasses of Kansas , mostly found in Central and Eastern areas and grown in the spring time .
Jesus Christ Superstar is a rock opera that became a musical by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber .
It is bounded by Queen Maud Land in the West and by Ross Dependency in the East .
The city lay on the route of the North-Western Railway , and the population according to the 1901 census of India was 14,543 .
Graham , A. ; New Planet , Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , Vol .
The sleeve notes describe it as '' The Final Cut : A requiem for the post-war dream by Roger Waters , music performed by Pink Floyd '' .
Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov ( , , Kiev & ndash ; March 10 , 1940 , Moscow ) was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century .
In the time of the Second World War , he was the Commander-in-Chief of the German air force .
Year 1424 ( MCDXXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
A United Nations tribunal sentences 5 Bosnian Croats to up to 25 years in prison for the 1993 killing of over 100 Bosnian Muslims in a Bosnian village.CNN.com World War crimes tribunal hands Croat general lengthy sentence March 3 , 2000 .
Qu'un sang impur May a tainted blood Abreuve nos sillons !
The granivorous typically feed on seed found on the ground , whereas the species that feed on fruit and mast tend to feed in trees .
Rather than listen to what Biff actually says , Willy realizes his son has forgiven him and thinks Biff will now pursue a career as a businessman . Willy decides to kill himself in an auto accident so that Biff can get enough money to start his business , yet at the funeral Biff retains his belief that he does not want to become a businessman .
Usage By Native Americans The Yuki language in California and the Pamean languages in Mexico have octal systems because the speakers count using the spaces between their fingers rather than the fingers themselves .
Club Penguin is a MMORPG ( massively multiplayer online role-playing game ) involving a virtual world containing a range of online games and activities , developed by Club Penguin Entertainment ( formerly New Horizon Interactive ) .
Certain age groups dance round a Maypole celebrating youth and the spring time .
is a former Japanese football player .
The number of words per sentence and the percentage of unfamiliar words determine the reading age .
Meanwhile , Rachel is searching for Chloe before Vivian gets home .
The Maltese cross alludes to the possessions of the Order of St. John of Malta in the territory before 1648 .
Gizeh is also a popular brand in Germany of cigarette rolling papers ; see Mascotte ( rolling papers ) .
We will win our liberation , With our very own hands .
Recreation is any activity performed during one 's leisure or free time .
Admiral Koxinga called Taiwan Tungtu\/Dongdu .
Blackletter developed from Carolingian as an increasingly literate 12th-century Europe required new books in many different subjects .
The moon was later named Amalthea .
Formerly planned lines Eglinton West subway Queen Street subway Downtown Relief Line Emergencies TTC Special Constable Services provide security and bylaw enforcement on the subway .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
Others suggest that many of the peoples living under the rule of these empires , for example Jews and Christians in Persia and Jews and Monophysites in Syria , were dissatisfied and sometimes even welcomed the Muslim forces , largely because of religious conflict in both empires .
The equality sign , equals sign , or '' = '' is a mathematical symbol used to indicate equality .
In May 2005 eBay acquired Gumtree , which offers a similar service for cities in Britain , Ireland , Poland , Hong Kong , South Africa , Australia and New Zealand , as well as the Spanish company LoQUo .
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 1956 , and during 1973 he declined an offer of knighthood .
He attended Mississippi State University , where he participated in college baseball .
In countries that use iodized salt , Hashimoto 's thyroiditis is the most common cause .
Both films are based on the Fantastic Four comic book .
The word comes from the Middle Dutch root '' brak , '' meaning '' salten '' or '' salty '' .
Giancarlo Fisichella ( born 14 January 1973 in Rome , Italy ) , also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi , is an Italian racing driver .
World War II : Battle of Cape Matapan in the Mediterranean Sea , British Admiral Andrew Browne Cunningham leads the Royal Navy in the destruction of three major Italian heavy cruisers and two destroyers .
After Hargreaves ' death in 1988 , his son , Adam Hargreaves , began writing and illustrating new stories involving the Mr. Men and Little Miss characters , including the creation of ten new characters , four of which were inspired by work Roger Hargreaves had produced before his death .
His book about games of chance , Liber de ludo aleae , written in the 1560s , but not published until 1663 , contains the first systematic treatment of probability , as well as a section on effective cheating methods .
The Bushmen have lived in the Kalahari for 20,000 years as hunter-gatherers .
All secret key algorithms have this undesirable property .
Taiko means '' drum '' in Japanese ( etymologically '' great '' or '' wide drum '' ) .
The game is played predominantly in western Europe , especially in France , Belgium and the Netherlands .
Tinker Bell is a 2008 computer animated film based on the Disney Fairies franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios .
He lives in New York with his wife , Janet Dean Fodor .
Today , San Juan serves as one of Puerto Rico 's most important seaports , and is the island 's manufacturing , financial , cultural , and tourism center .
Joshua Winslow '' Josh '' Groban ( born February 27 , 1981 ) is an American singer-songwriter , pianist , percussionist , actor , comedian , and producer who has sold close to 20 million albums in the United States .
Because of its success , yet another Disney film label was started in 1990 , Hollywood Pictures , with the release of Arachnophobia .
Bogdan Ionu Lobon ( born 18 January 1978 in Hunedoara ) is a Romanian goalkeeper playing for A.S. Roma and the Romanian national team .
Aragonite Calcite Limestone Ocean acidification Gesso Cuttlefish Cuttlebone Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CaCO3 .
The series is running from October 27 , 2006 on the Turkish TV channel ATV Friday evenings at 22:15 hrs local time .
Due to his non-violent nature , he is also depicted as showing ethical reluctance in killing Firelord Ozai , and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of killing him .
Schigolch removes the body while Geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realises that Lulu will not be moved by it .
The meet-in-the-middle attack is a cryptographic attack which , like the birthday attack , makes use of a space-time tradeoff .
The most recent appearances were those of Paul McCartney , The Rolling Stones , Scorpions & other stars .
The Varkari texts are written in Marathi , the Brahmin texts in Sanskrit , and the '' third tradition '' are Marathi texts written by Brahmins .
Hoboken was originally an island , surrounded by the Hudson River on the east and tidal lands at the foot of the New Jersey Palisades on the west .
Coux , Charente-Maritime , in the Charente-Maritime département
Oxegen was originally a three-day festival but for 2008 was expanded to four days .
He grew up in Los Angeles , California , where his father worked for the Los Angeles Police Department .
Tennis enjoys millions of recreational players and is also a hugely popular worldwide spectator sport , especially the four Grand Slam tournaments ( sometimes referred to as the '' majors '' ) : the Australian Open , the French Open , Wimbledon , and the US Open .
Collectively , the two territories are known as '' St-Martin \/O/ St Maarten '' .
He retired ( or was dismissed ) from the university in 1846 , ostensibly due to his deteriorating health : by the early 1850s , he was nearly blind and unable to walk .
Paul Bunyan is a mythological lumberjack who is usually believed to be a giant as well as a lumberjack of unusual skill .
In continuous inkjet technology , a high-pressure pump directs liquid ink from a reservoir through a gunbody and a microscopic nozzle , creating a continuous stream of ink droplets via the Plateau-Rayleigh instability .
The Tree of Life , the park 's visual icon , is located here , surrounded by animal enclosures showcasing kangaroos , black crowned cranes , lemurs and others .
Joseph Needham , Science and Civilisation in China , Vol 6 Part 5 Chapter 40 , section d. 2 Tofu and its production technique were subsequently introduced into Korea , then Japan during the Nara period .
An amulet , similar to a talisman ( \/O/ transliterated : ) , is any object intended to bring good luck or protection to its owner .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
Ulteo Virtual desktop project UserLinux Commercial distribution that would have included GNOME .
Classified advertising at some of the larger newspaper chains dropped by 14 % to 20 % in 2007 , while traffic to classified sites grew by 23 % .
Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt ( August 6 , 1861 & ndash ; September 30 , 1948 ) was the second wife of Theodore Roosevelt and served as First Lady of the United States during his presidency from 1901 to 1909 .
It is often claimed that '' Wonderwall '' was written for Gallagher 's then-girlfriend , Meg Mathews ( Gallagher married Mathews in 1997 ; the couple divorced four years later ) .
This dates back to the times following Austria-Hungary 's annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1878 .
In 1796 , upon the accession of her husband to the throne , Marie Clotilde became the Queen of Sardinia .
The main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb just north of the Melbourne CBD , however it has several other campuses located across Victoria .
James Mercer Langston Hughes ( February 1 , 1902 - May 22 , 1967 ) was an American poet , novelist , playwright , and columnist .
Canton , Connecticut
Consecrated as a bishop in 1608 , he later entered politics , becoming a Secretary of State in 1616 .
After the '' 11 concerts , 11 cities '' tour , Adams continued to promote his album , this time on an acoustic tour touring with such musical acts as Foreigner and Rod Stewart .
Counting is the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects .
It is on a narrow coastal plain with Mount Vaea ( elev .
The Sega Master System ( abbreviated to SMS or Master System Japanese is a third-generation 8-bit cartridge-based video game console that was manufactured and released by Sega in 1986 in North America , seven months after the original NES , and in in Europe .
The names jay and magpie are somewhat interchangeable , and the evolutionary relationships are rather complex .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
The first cheese may have been made by people in the Middle East or by nomadic Turkic tribes in Central Asia .
Oklahoma Panhandle State University & ndash ; Goodwell , Oklahoma
However , Nicole unexpectedly began a slow turn , and by November 30 , Nicole was heading northeast toward the Azores as a minimal hurricane .
He is of German and Italian descent , and played for Brazil in their victory at the 1994 World Cup .
In all six , towns perform functions that in most states would be county functions .
Jacka was the first Australian to be decorated with the VC during the First World War , receiving the medal for his actions during the Gallipoli Campaign .
The idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two writings by Descartes and independently by Pierre de Fermat , although Fermat used 3 dimensions and did not publish the discovery .
