Aix-Noulette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Java Man is the name given to fossils discovered in 1891 at Trinil on the banks of the Solo River in Central Java , Indonesia , one of the first known specimens of Homo erectus .
Its 26 episodes ( '' sessions '' ) comprise a complete storyline : set in 2071 , the series follows the misadventures and tragedies of a group of bounty hunters , or '' cowboys '' , traveling on their spaceship , the Bebop .
Version 1.0 was developed by Mitchell Baker when she worked as a lawyer at Netscape Communications Corporation and version 1.1 at the Mozilla Foundation .
Esquéhéries is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It is alleged that Der Spiegel , which at other times had no qualms about exposing the Nazi past of public figures , may have distorted history and protected perpetrators when it hired these insiders to write about Third Reich topics .
When Tropical Depression Thirteen strengthened into Tropical Storm Luis on August 29 , it marked the earliest date that a seasons ' twelfth named storm formed , surpassing the previous record set on August 31 , 1933 when Tropical Storm Twelve formed near the Lesser Antilles . Luis spent a week as a major hurricane .
Since the rock buildup is formed by minerals solidifying out of the water solution onto the old surface , skin oils can disturb where the mineral water will cling , thus affecting the growth of the formation .
School organizations Student Union The Student Union was established in November 1994 .
On his election , he became the first out gay Conservative MP to be open about his homosexuality at the time he was initially elected ( he is not the first out gay Conservative MP ; that distinction goes to Alan Duncan , who voluntarily came out in 2002Tory MP says '' I 'm gay '' , BBC News .
The ducks appear one or two at a time , and the player is given three shots to shoot them down .
Sometimes people who desire a nullification may be diagnosed with body integrity identity disorder or apotemnophilia .
Bands associated with nu metal derive influence from a variety of diverse styles , including electronica\/electronic music , funk , glam rock , gothic rock , grunge , hardcore punk , hip hop , industrial rock , jazz , post punk and synthpop .
The crest of the fold is the highest point of the fold surface , and the trough is the lowest point .
In July 2006 , Cassini saw the first proof of hydrocarbon lakes near Titan 's north pole , which was confirmed in January 2007 .
He later captured Patrick Daley , but on 17 August 1864 failed to arrest James Alpin McPherson .
Momy is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Albert Jacka was born on a dairy farm near Winchelsea , Victoria on 10 January 1893 , the fourth of seven children to Nathaniel Jacka and his English-born wife Elizabeth ( ee Kettle ) .
Ayers has maintained that the two statements were not intended to imply a wish they had set more bombs .
Snoopy of the comic strip Peanuts has been promoted as '' the world 's most famous beagle '' .
The character Eliza was inspired by an account given at Lane Theological Seminary in Cincinnati by John Rankin to Stowe 's husband Calvin , a professor at the school .
Their first son , Gabriel , was born on July 12 , 2003 and their second son , Dillon , was born on August 14 , 2007 .
The first attempt to establish a '' presidential government '' had occurred in 1926 - 1927 , but foundered for lack of political support .
The ophiuroids generally have five long slender , whip-like arms which may reach up to in length on the largest specimens .
Gerhard Burde ; Heiner Zischang : Knots , Berlin u.a. 1985 ISBN 3-11-008675-1
With its instructions copyrighted in 2002 , the layout of Hasbro 's Bop It Extreme 2 was shown to be altered from that of the Bop It Extreme .
On January 1 , 2006 , Lobbes had a total population of 5,499 .
Chronology is part of periodization .
The county seat of Oklahoma County , the city ranks 31st among United States cities in population .
Like other sign languages , its grammar and syntax are distinct from any spoken language in its area of influence .
A highly sensitive person ( HSP ) is a person having the innate trait of high psychological sensitivity ( or innate sensitiveness as Carl Jung originally coined it ) .
The taxonomy and systematics of the Sooty\/Pale-tailed Barbthroat complex has caused much confusion .
Organic matter ( or organic material ) is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
Another popular early project was Jonathon Fowler 's JFDuke3D , which in December 2003 received backing from the original author of Build , programmer Ken Silverman .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
Isla Culebra ( , '' Snake Island '' ) is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico originally called Isla Pasaje and Isla de San Ildefonso .
And forgive us our sins ; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us .
The village was by-passed by the Federal Highway in 1988 and has struggled to remain viable ever since .
Although several other encyclopaedias competed with the Britannica , such as Rees 's Cyclopaedia and Coleridge 's Encyclopaedia Metropolitana , these competitors either went bankrupt or were left unfinished due to disagreements among their editors .
The traditional geometrical shape is that of a triangular prism with a triangular base and rectangular sides , and in colloquial use '' prism '' usually refers to this type .
She performed at the Proms in 1963 , playing the Elgar Concerto with Sir Malcolm Sargent .
A few species are familiar to the aquarium trade , such as the black ghost knifefish ( Apteronotus albifrons ) , the glass knifefish ( Eigenmannia virescens ) , and the banded knifefish ( Gymnotus carapo ) .
The Toy Fox Terrier is a small terrier breed of dog , directly descended from the larger Fox Terrier but considered a separate breed .
The Habsburg monarch ruled as Emperor of Austria over the western and northern half of the country that was the Empire of Austria ( Cisleithania or Lands represented in the Reichsrat ) Britannica 1911 and as King of Hungary over the Kingdom of Hungary ( Transleithania or Lands of St Stephen 's Crown ) which enjoyed self-government and representation in joint affairs ( principally foreign relations and defense ) .
It was adapted by Vuk Stefanovi Karad i from .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
By 1915 , absinthe had been banned in the United States and in most European countries including France , The Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland and the Austro-Hungarian Empire .
The Dutch word landschap had earlier meant simply ` region , tract of land ' but had acquired the artistic sense , which it brought over into English , of ' a picture depicting scenery on land ' .
Cilia and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and pathogens from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity .
Experts are also of the view that once the Indian Grand Prix kicks off , it has the potential to generate around $ 170 million in revenue and employ as many as 10,000 people .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 21 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
The British Rail Class 153 Super Sprinter is a single car diesel multiple unit converted from British Rail Class 155s .
Evey says she would rather die ; she is then released .
Hiragana is present in nearly every sentence , because it is used for articles ( '' the '' , '' a '' , etc ) and suffixes ( endings ) for many words .
Note that the city of Zhytomyr is not a part of the Zhytomyr raion : the city itself is designated as its own separate raion within the oblast ; moreover Zhytomyr consists of two so-called '' raions in a city '' : the Bohunskyi raion and the Koroliovskyi raion ( named in honor of Sergei Koroliov ) .
Allstars ' first release , Shake Hands With Shorty , was nominated for a Grammy for '' Best Contemporary Blues Album '' .
General History Dildo has a long history , going as far back as 2000 BC when Maritime Archaic Aboriginals resided at Anderson 's Cove .
Open clusters become disrupted over time by the gravitational influence of giant molecular clouds as they move through the galaxy , but cluster members will continue to move in broadly the same direction through space even though they are no longer gravitationally bound ; they are then known as a stellar association , sometimes also referred to as a moving group .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , Brett J. Gladman , et al .
For the unification of West and East Germany in 1990 , see German reunification .
Formation of new continental crust is linked to periods of intense orogeny or mountain building ; these periods coincide with the formation of the supercontinents such as Rodinia , Pangaea and Gondwana .
The Asiatic Wildcat ( Felis silvestris ornata ) , also known as the Asian Steppe - Wildcat or Indian Desert Cat , is a subspecies of Wildcat that primarily inhabits the Rajasthan Desert , and Rann of Kutch including the adjoining Banni grasslands in India and the desert areas of Sindh in Pakistan .
The most remarkable feature of Antiope is that it consists of two components of almost equal size ( the difference in mass is less than 2.5 % ) , making it a truly '' double '' asteroid .
Adding and subtracting SI prefixes creates multiples and submultiples ; however , as the unit is squared , the order of magnitude difference between units doubles from their comparable linear units .
Avant-garde means '' advance guard '' or '' vanguard '' .
The main producer of coffee and milk in the country , Minas Gerais is known for its heritage of architecture and colonial art in historical cities such as Ouro Preto , Diamantina , Tiradentes and Serro .
The Rainbow jersey is the distinctive jersey worn by the reigning world champion in a bicycle racing discipline .
It has the largest financial endowment of any Australian university , standing at $ 1.1 billion as of 2009 .
Nine subfossil figs of a parthenocarpic type dating to about 9400 -- 9200 BC were found in the early Neolithic village Gilgal I ( in the Jordan Valley , 13 km north of Jericho ) .
In the Classical period and afterwards , sonatas for piano solo were the most common genre of sonata , with sonatas for violin and piano or cello and piano being next .
The town is also home to the University of St Andrews , the third oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of the UK 's most prestigious .
Internally , the shell divides into camerae ( chambers ) , the chambered section being called the phragmocone .
Cheeks constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear .
About 100 BC , iron bars began to be used as currency , while internal trade and trade with continental Europe flourished , largely due to Britain 's extensive mineral reserves .
Chemistry of amber Amber is heterogeneous in composition , but consists of several resinous bodies more or less soluble in alcohol , ether and chloroform , associated with an insoluble bituminous substance .
During his time , there were several who wrote on the subject , including U.S. O.T.O. Grand Master Charles Stansfeld Jones , whose works on Qabalah are still in print , and Major-General J.F.C. Fuller .
New York City and Philadelphia were host to Guided by Voices ' return to the live stage ( and first shows outside of Ohio ) in 1993 .
Modern scholarship is '' sharply divided '' on the subject , and it is more certain that he was plagued by malaria , particularly during the Sullan proscriptions of the 80s .
Pleasant Grove Township is a township in Des Moines County , Iowa .
Soil formation greatly depends on the climate , and soils from different climate zones show distinctive characteristics .
The Purple Comet , accessible only after completing the main story , allots 100 purple coins ( or 150 , though only 100 have to be collected ) across an area of each of the 15 six-star galaxies for the player to collect , sometimes within a time limit .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
Alice Cooper is known for his social and witty persona offstage , The Rolling Stone Album Guide going so far as to refer to him as the world 's most '' beloved heavy metal entertainer '' .
Valley Center is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in San Diego County , California .
When Rhodes refused to side with them , Manu and Snuka brought out a returning Ted DiBiase to aid them , and tried to assault Rhodes and Orton . Instead , however , DiBiase joined The Legacy , attacking Manu and Snuka , and forgiving Orton for attacking him .
The original fortress was built before the Renaissance .
On the outbreak of the French Revolution in 1789 , Piccinni returned to Naples , where he was at first well received by King Ferdinand IV ; but the marriage of his daughter to a French democrat brought him disgrace - he was accused of being a revolutionary and placed under house arrest for four years .
Julie Taymor Biography ( 1952 ?
A lectern ( from the Latin lectus , past participle of legere , '' to read '' ) is a reading desk with a slanted top , usually placed on a stand or affixed to a some other form of support , on which documents or books are placed as support for reading aloud , as in a scripture reading , lecture , or sermon .
Two years of renovation and new construction for an Indy-based road course led to the first United States Grand Prix there in 2000 , a race which was a great success .
Anka is featured in the Swedish documentary series Svenska Hollywoodfruar ( Swedish Hollywood Wives ) , and is known for her political opinions .
In her famous aria Regnava nel Silenzio , Lucia tells her maid Alisa ( Alice ) that she has seen the ghost of a girl killed on the very same spot by a jealous Ravenswood ancestor .
Arthur Stanley Jefferson ( 16 June 1890 -- 23 February 1965 ) , better known as Stan Laurel , was an English comic actor , writer and film director , famous as the first half of the comedy double-act Laurel and Hardy .
Almondvale Stadium ( Known as Braidwood Motor Company Stadium until 2013 ) is the home ground of Scottish Second Division team Livingston F.C. .
At the time , MSN.com also offered a custom start page and an Internet tutorial , but Microsoft 's major Internet portal was known as ` Microsoft Internet Start , ' located at home.microsoft.com .
Second excommunication of Henry That the excommunication of Henry IV was simply a pretext , not a motive , for the opposition of the rebellious German nobles is transparent .
Joseph Viatuer '' Léo '' Dandurand ( July 9 , 1889 -- June 26 , 1964 ) , was a sportsman and businessman .
Calves grow very quickly and at six months are fairly independent of their mothers .
April 12 & ndash ; Vsevolod the Big Nest , Grand Prince of Vladimir ( b. 1154 )
On 20 August 2003 , Portman Road hosted its first and thus far only senior England fixture , a friendly against Croatia , the match finishing 3 -- 1 to England in front of 28,700 spectators .
Plasmids also can provide bacteria with an ability to fix elemental nitrogen or to degrade recalcitrant organic compounds which provide an advantage when nutrients are scarce .
WWE also has webcasts such as WWE Rollin , WWE Sidesplitters and WWE Uncut on wwe.com .
Taylor is a Scottish\/English surname , and given name meaning '' tailor '' .
Weighing scale , an instrument used to determine the weight or mass of an object
The Battle of Badr , fought March 13 , 624 AD ( 17 Ramadan 2 AH in the Islamic calendar ) Hejaz region of western Arabia ( present-day Saudi Arabia ) , was a key battle in the early days of Islam and a turning point in Muhammad 's struggle with his opponents among the Quraish in Mecca .
His second disagreement with Song Confucianism was that he felt putting too much emphasis on morality repressed human nature , which was based on human emotion .
Fingering is the manual manipulation of the clitoris , vulva , vagina , or anus for the purpose of sexual arousal and stimulation .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 , the fifth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
A disk image is a single file or storage device containing the complete contents and structure representing a data storage medium or device , such as a hard drive , tape drives , floppy disk , CD\/DVD\/BD and key drive , although an image of an optical disc may be referred to as an optical disc image .
The volcano is part of the Ruiz Tolima volcanic massif ( or Cordillera Central ) , a group of five ice-capped volcanoes which includes the Tolima , Santa Isabel , Quindio and Machin volcanoes .
Forty-seven 8-car units are being built for the Victoria line , replacing the original 1967 Tube Stock .
Around 700 BC , Hesiod ( Theogony , Shield of Heracles ) increases the number of Gorgons to three -- Stheno ( the mighty ) , Euryale ( the far-springer ) , and Medusa ( the queen ) , and makes them the daughters of the sea-god Phorcys and of Keto .
When the life meter is exhausted , the Guardian explodes , and the game ends .
Caliban are a five-piece metalcore band from GermanyEncyclopaedia Metallum - Caliban .
Names other than mechanician have been used occasionally , such as mechaniker and mechanicist .
Unlike most fish species , which have white flesh , tuna have flesh that is pink to dark red , giving them the common name '' the rose of the sea '' .
They gave a new spin on fashion dolls ; instead of traditional cloth clothing , Polly Pockets used unique '' Polly Stretch '' garments , rubbery plastic clothes that could be put on the dolls and removed .
The British Rail Class 22 or '' Baby Warship '' was a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives designed for the Western Region and built by North British Locomotive Company .
Charleroi manager On 15 December 2008 , Collins was appointed as the manager of Belgian club Charleroi , replacing Thierry Siquet .
The most notable storm of 1979 was Hurricane David , a Category 5 storm on the Saffir -- Simpson Hurricane Scale that killed over 2,000 people , mostly in the Dominican Republic , and caused nearly 1.5 billion dollars in damage ( 1979 USD ) .
December 4 & ndash ; Valentina Visconti , wife of Louis of Valois , Duke of Orléans
Since Browne 's retirement in 1988 ( and subsequent death ) , his son Chris Browne has continued the strip .
The passage is named after the 16th century English pirate Sir Francis Drake .
The Jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first of four phases of the project , but lack of funds meant that no further progress was made until the late 1990s .
The districts of Germany are known as state circles , German : , except in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Schleswig-Holstein where they are known simply as circles , German : ( singulars : and ) .
In physics , Compton scattering is a type of scattering that X-rays and gamma rays undergo in matter .
Study of visual perception The major problem in visual perception is that what people see is not simply a translation of retinal stimuli ( i.e. , the image on the retina ) .
The host city for an Olympic Games is usually chosen seven years ahead of their celebration .
Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier ( 21 March 1768 -- 16 May 1830 ) was a French mathematician and physicist best known for initiating the investigation of Fourier series and their applications to problems of heat transfer and vibrations .
The future of the area remains in doubt , though , as Danish authorities continue to push for its removal .
In an open valve , fluid flows in a direction from higher pressure to lower pressure .
USD 833,150 ) and repaid Tk . 34.78 million ( about USD 496,900 ) .
Sometimes mauve can be considered a dirty pink or a shade of purple .
Taxanes have been used to produce various chemotherapy drugs .
Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Mitte ( in German Bezirk Mitte ) is the first and most central borough of Berlin ( Mitte is German for middle ) .
A strut bar is designed to reduce this strut tower flex by tying two parallel strut towers together .
Recordings and broadcasts from Queen 's Hall From 1930 to 1941 , the BBC Symphony Orchestra regularly gave broadcast concerts in the hall .
Beyond Hell was released on August 29 , 2006 , with Gwar touring to support the album and being helped by the creation of new props for this tour , including several characters from Beyond Hell 's plot , including Jitler and Jewcifer .
If this were false , a project like Wikipedia would be doomed from the beginning .
Oxidation is a chemical reaction that transfers electrons from a substance to an oxidizing agent .
Parma 's tremendous growth came after World War II as young families began moving from Cleveland into the Suburbs . During the Cold War , Parma 's Nike Site Park housed Nike missiles located in underground silos .
is a scientific theory which describes the large scale motions of Earth 's lithosphere .
Titan at the USGS Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature , accessed April 12 , 2008 .
Although numerous riots have occurred in the City of Mumbai , India ( Bombay ) since Independence , the Bombay Riots usually refers to the riots in Mumbai , in December 1992 and January 1993 , in which 900 people died .
Lotus Components Limited became Lotus Racing Limited in 1971 but the newly renamed entity ceased operation in the same year .
Because Jefferson served as minister to France from 1785 to 1789 , he was not able to attend the Philadelphia Convention .
An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 documentary film , directed by Davis Guggenheim , about former United States Vice President Al Gore 's campaign to educate citizens about global warming and inspire them to take action .
To the south and southwest , the Thuringian Forest effectively separates the ancient region of Franconia , now the northern part of Bavaria , from the rolling plains of most of Thuringia .
Magnicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The first influential beat 'em up was 1984 's Kung-Fu Master , with 1986 's Renegade introducing the urban settings and underworld revenge themes employed extensively by later games .
Seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .
The Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research ( LINEAR ) project is a cooperative project between the United States Air Force , NASA , and MIT 's Lincoln Laboratory for the systematic discovery and tracking of near-Earth asteroids .
Having completed his studies , he trained for some time as an advocate , but he preferred teaching .
The country 's largest city is Guayaquil .
No new states have been admitted to the Commonwealth since federation .
The Plague of Athens was a devastating epidemic which hit the city-state of Athens in ancient Greece during the second year of the Peloponnesian War ( 430 BC ) , when an Athenian victory still seemed within reach .
It was released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13 , 2009 , and in the United States on April 10 , 2009 .
Oedipus Rex ( 1992 , by Igor Stravinsky ) - Director , puppetry .
There is a separate list of U.S. state mottos and list of U.S. state nicknames .
It was in this subterranean bunker that Adolf Hitler and his wife Eva Braun spent the last few weeks of the war and it was here their lives came to an end on April 30 , 1945 .
Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon .
Major-General Lachlan Macquarie CB ( 31 January 1762 -- 1 July 1824 ; Scottish Gaelic spelling : Lachlann MacGuaireIan Grimble : Scottish Clans and Tartans , 1973 , p 203 ) , The Australian People : An Encyclopedia of the Nation , Its People and Their Origins .
Under a transitional arrangement following reunification , between 1989 and 1993 postal codes in the west were prefixed with ` W ' , e.g. : W-1000 Berlin 30 ( postal districts in western cities were separate from the postal code ) and those in the east with ` O ' ( for Ost ) , e.g. : O-1xxx Berlin .
The Romans used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other parts of the Roman Empire .
Many early recipes for key lime pie did not instruct the cook to ever bake the pie , relying on this chemical reaction ( called souring ) to produce the proper consistency of the filling .
The Swiss confederation allied with ten freed bailiwicks of the former Toggenburg seized the lands of the Thurgau from the Habsburgs in 1460 , and it became a subject territory of seven Swiss cantons ( Zurich , Lucerne , Uri , Schwyz , Unterwalden , Zug and Glarus ) .
Perth was a large burgh prior to 1975 , and the county town of the county of Perthshire .
Stefan Guteklint joined on bass in 1993 , but was dismissed by the band after signing its first record deal with Candlelight records in 1994 .
The practice of wearing a uniform soon spread , and by 1900 , all Major League Baseball teams had adopted them .
The airport handled 35,478,146 passengers in 2007 .
Meteorological Climate Theory Another example of Montesquieu 's anthropological thinking , outlined in The Spirit of the Laws and hinted at in Persian Letters , is his meteorological climate theory , which holds that climate may substantially influence the nature of man and his society .
v. Functional English .
With an enrollment of 5,120 undergraduate and 2,532 graduate students as of 2007 , Michigan Engineering - Student Profile at www.engin.umich.edu the College of Engineering is one of the premier engineering schools in the United States .
It is located at the south end of the Willamette Valley , at the confluence of the McKenzie and Willamette rivers , about 50 miles ( 86 km ) east of the Oregon Coast .
Giro del Veneto , ( 1941 , 1947 , 1949 )
Chris Gueffroy ( June 21 , 1968 , Pasewalk , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern & ndash ; February 6 , 1989 ) was the last person to be shot while trying to escape to West Berlin across the Berlin Wall .
On November 7 , 2006 - the day that it was released- it became the most popular game on the Xbox Live service , until the release of Halo 3 , overtaking Halo 2 which had held the spot since its launch in November 2004 . Gears was the second most-played game on the Xbox Live service throughout 2007 .
Stefan Kuntz ( born in Neunkirchen , Saarland ) is a former German professional footballer and since April 2008 chairman of the German football team 1 .
A suggested alternative is : .
Shawinigan is a city located on the Saint-Maurice River in the Mauricie area in Quebec , Canada . It has a population of approximately 51,904 people ( 2006 ) .
The metal turns yellow when exposed to air .
In 1986 , assuming that the asteroid was of S-type and that it had a diameter of 15 km , the rotational period was measured to be 38 hours .
Dragons of equal size may resort to '' wrestling '' .
In the Battle of Kolding on December 25 , 1658 , the allied Polish and Danish forces under hetman Stefan Czarniecki defeated the Swedish forces of Charles X Gustav of Sweden .
In 480 , Aeschylus was called into military service again , this time against Xerxes ' invading forces at the Battle of Salamis , and perhaps , too , at the Battle of Plataea in 479 .
History Although the emperor has been a symbol of continuity with the past , the degree of power exercised by the emperor of Japan has varied considerably throughout Japanese history .
Sea Mogadishu leads Somalia in port traffic and still serves as a major seaport .
Annelies Marie '' Anne '' Frank ( ; 12 June 1929 in Frankfurt am Main - early March 1945 in Bergen Belsen ) is one of the most renowned and most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust .
Melee and Star Fox Adventures , Fox 's voice was done by Rare 's Steve Malpass .
Istanbul details the history of the city from 1453 on , and describes the modern city .
Empedocles ' philosophy is best known for being the originator of the cosmogenic theory of the four Classical elements .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Gimbel , John , The origins of the Marshall plan ( Stanford University Press , 1976 ) .
Fey attended Upper Darby High School , where she was an honor student , a member of the choir , drama club , and tennis team , and co-editor of the school 's newspaper .
In 2007 they released a third album - '' Nine Destinies and a Downfall '' .
NIN has been nominated for twelve Grammy Awards and won twice for the songs '' Wish '' and '' Happiness in Slavery '' , in 1992 and 1995 respectively .
After a no-win 2006 season , McLaren bounced back and won the driver 's championship in 2008 with Lewis Hamilton .
A live version is also included on ' .
By obtaining periodic Doppler shifts in the components of Algol , Vogel proved that the latter was a binary star ; thus , Algol was one of the first known spectroscopic binaries ( and it is also known to be an eclipsing binary ) .
He won 12 games the following season , as the Canadiens again failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup .
He is the lead vocalist for both Mercyful Fate , and the eponymous King Diamond .
In 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became Grameen Motsho ( Grameen Fisheries Foundation ) and the irrigation project became Grameen Krishi ( Grameen Agriculture Foundation ) .
It is mainly used for freight operation but also serves more than 23 destinations for passengers ( mainly charters ) .
The entire kingdom was to be federalized but World War II stopped the fulfillment of those plans .
The tropical storm moved westward to the south of the central Gulf coast on August 4 .
Jonen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The superfamily Geomyoidea is among the few superfamilial relationships in rodents that is not subject to much controversy .
The Baloch speak Balochi , an Iranian language .
Six of his brothers and sisters died while young and in 1741 , his father died .
While she has done voice work for many video games as well as several episodes in the Power Rangers franchise , she is particularly prolific in the dubbing of anime .
Poanes azin ( Draudt , 1924 )
Human insect-eating is common in cultures in parts of the world , such as North , Central and South America ; and Africa , Asia , the Middle East , Australia and New Zealand .
The Han dynasty is restored in China as Liu Xiu proclaims himself Emperor , starting the Jianwu era ( until 56 ) .
The Athenian Empire , the Roman Empire and the British Empire developed under elective auspices . The Empire of Brazil declared itself an empire after breaking from the Portuguese Empire in 1822 .
They are sometimes called Acomyinae , particularly in references that predate the discovery that the link rat , Deomys ferugineus , is part of the clade .
Possibilities include : kanataRandom House Dictionary '' village '' ( See Name of Canada ) Canada + - uc ( Algonquian noun suffix ) Connaught , an obscure term for Irish-French-Canadians .
When one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time , a controller manipulates the inputs to a system to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system .
Triple H made his way to the ring with his theme played by the DX Band .
Through his collection and analytical study of folk music , he was one of the founders of ethnomusicology .
Yoshinari Takagi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Nagoya Grampus .
Dante was condemned to exile for two years , and ordered to pay a large fine .
One influential theory held that the biblical Ararat was striped with varying climatic zones , and as climate changed , the associated animals moved as well , eventually spreading to repopulate the globe .
Hernando de Soto ( c. 1496\/1497 -- 1542 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador who , while leading the first European expedition deep into the territory of the modern-day United States , was the first European documented to have crossed the Mississippi River .
It is the first of six films released in the Star Wars saga : two subsequent films complete the original trilogy , while a prequel trilogy completes the six film saga .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1999/2000 season was contested by 18 teams .
External links Now Magazine Everything Toronto .
The next five years were triumphant , with major successes with his greatest works , La sonnambula , Norma and I puritani , cut short by Bellini 's premature death .
Manmohan Singh has often been the target of criticism by the opposition , and caricatured as a weak Prime Minister who waits for the orders of Sonia Gandhi for taking decisions of national importance . There has also been considerable criticism of Manmohan Singh for his inability to curb double digit inflation that has crippled the Indian middle class during his second tenure .
The interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .
Also note Gilbert White ( 1859 -- 1932 ) , Bishop of Carpentaria , Australia and poet , and the American painter Gilbert White ( 1877 -- 1939 ) .
A major eruption of the South Pacific volcano Kuwae in Vanuatu has a subsequent global cooling effect ( the eruption released more sulfate than any other event in the past 700 years ) .
However , a copy of the programme booklet has also survived , containing both extracts from contemporary newspaper reports of the capture of the gang , and a synopsis of the film , in six ` scenes ' .
Ringer attended Chaminade Julienne High School where he set many school and state records .
In January 2000 , he was officially named chief executive officer .
In computing , a quine is a computer program which produces a copy of its own source code as its only output .
In other republics , communists established the Armenian Communist Party , Communist Party of Azerbaijan , Party of Communists of Kyrgyzstan , Communist Party of Ukraine , Party of Communists of Belarus , Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova , Communist Party of Kazakhstan and the Communist Party of Tajikistan . Along with the CPRF , these parties formed the Union of Communist Parties - Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
The success of '' Good Riddance ( Time of Your Life ) '' won the band an MTV Video Award for Best Alternative Video for the song 's video , which depicted people undergoing major changes in their lives while Billie Joe Armstrong strummed his acoustic guitar .
Minotti was born in Cesena , Emilia-Romagna .
Ferdinand Maria supported the wars of the Habsburg against the Ottoman Empire with Bavarian auxiliary forces ( 1662-1664 ) .
The hurricane rapidly strengthened to its peak of 115 m prior to hitting Matanzas , Cuba on the 7th .
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie ( born September 15 , 1977 ) is a Nigerian writer whose first two novels won literary awards .
Dumbo is a 1941 animated film by Walt Disney Pictures
The station , opened in 1879 , consists of a substantial station building on a single side platform , a passing loop and small goods yard .
Most kinds of dunes are longer on the windward side where the sand is pushed up the dune and have a shorter '' slip face '' in the lee of the wind .
The Patrick Division , which had heretofore been in the Clarence Campbell Conference , switched to the Prince of Wales Conference , while the Norris Division went the other way , going from the Wales Conference to the Campbell Conference .
This is a list of Members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom in the 2009 to 2014 session , ordered by name .
Before Louisville and Jefferson County were consolidated in 2003 , it was the county 's largest city outside of Louisville .
The semitone appeared in the music theory of Greek antiquity as part of a diatonic tetrachord , and it has always had a place in the diatonic scales of Western music since .
They were formed before and played around the same time as the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
According to recent population estimates (/O2007/O) , the town is home to 39,527 as the largest settlement within North Ayrshire .
April 1 & ndash ; The Royal Flying Corps and the Royal Naval Air Service are merged to form the Royal Air Force .
It belongs to the RTL Group and is , in terms of market share , Germany 's largest private free-to-air broadcaster .
The concertos of the sons of Johann Sebastian Bach are perhaps the best links between those of the Baroque period and those of Mozart .
Discharge pressures can range from low pressure to very high pressure ( > 6000 psi or 41.4 MPa ) .
Rainulf Drengot ( also Ranulph , Ranulf , or Rannulf ) was a Norman adventurer and the first count of Aversa ( 1030 -- 1045 ) .
The NHL team with the most player inductees is the Toronto Maple Leafs , with 56 .
Odyssey : The Legend of Nemesis , a Macintosh role-playing video game based on the engine of '
the history of the port , with photos , and an exhibition space about the destruction caused by World War II
Players stand on a '' dance platform '' or stage and hit colored arrows laid out in a cross with their feet to musical and visual cues .
The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane , Australia .
Mato Grosso ( - lit .
After its dissolution in 1803 the buildings were used for the almshouse Vereinigte Katharinen - und Elisabethen-Spital , which is still there as an old people 's home .
It is known for its beauty , and in particular , as the location of the Sydney Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge .
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The Retezat Mountains ( , ) are one of the highest massifs in Romania , being part of the Southern Carpathians .
Tallahassee is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida .
This occurs in the core region of the star using the proton- proton chain reaction process .
The contract 's terms remain largely confidential , though its known stipulations required the signatory teams to appear and compete in every race and guaranteed their right to do so in order to assure the sport 's newly-acquired television public that they would have a race to watch .
The trio sonatas by Arcangelo Corelli ( opus I , 1681 , opus III , 1689 ) set an inspiring example .
Some scientists presently believe that H. floresiensis was a modern H. sapiens suffering from pathological dwarfism .
Via its website on February 11 , WWE announced that the 2009 Draft was to take place on April 13 at Philips Arena in Atlanta , Georgia .
However , this comes at a cost : because the keystream is now pseudorandom , and not truly random , the proof of security associated with the one-time pad no longer holds : it is quite possible for a stream cipher to be completely insecure .
The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .
A venture capital fund refers to a pooled investment vehicle ( often an LP or LLC ) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans .
Gouves is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Terry '' Tank '' Johnson ( born December 7 , 1981 in ) is an American football defensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
No high school facilities exist in the town , children travel 365 km to the nearest high school , do home school , or attend boarding schools .
Luttrell , Tennessee , U.S.
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
Females are tan in colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs .
See also Notes References External links Comaa Mierdaa Trade Routes : The Growth of Global Trade .
Makoto Kakegawa ( born 23 May 1973 in Kumagaya City , Saitama Prefecture ) is a Japanese former football goalkeeper who lastly played for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
Epiphanius ( Haeres 62 ) about 375 notes that the adherents of Sabellius were still to be found in great numbers , both in Mesopotamia and at Rome .
The new feature that Wii Sports Resort brings is Wii MotionPlus compatibility , which enables 1:1 control and allows the games to be played with greater accuracy .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
The story ends with Shade starting to fall asleep , with Marina and Shade 's mother Ariel beside him .
Marshal Manuel Deodoro da Fonseca ( ; August 5 , 1827 - August 23 , 1892 ) became the first president of the Republic of Brazil after heading a military coup that deposed Emperor Pedro II .
Despite receiving mixed reviews upon release , 2001 : A Space Odyssey is today recognized by many critics and audiences as one of the greatest films ever made ; the 2002 Sight & Sound poll of critics ranked it among the top ten films of all time .
The Joker ( # 2 , 1973 ) showed audiences a new style of the band .
Blood plasma is prepared by spinning a tube of fresh blood containing an anti-coagulant in a centrifuge until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube . The blood plasma is then poured or drawn off .
Ruthenium ( ) is a chemical element that has the symbol Ru and atomic number 44 .
Instructions are patterns of bits that by physical design correspond to different commands to the machine .
On 23 May 2009 he was re-elected by the Federal Assembly , and was sworn into office for a second term on 1 July 2009 .
The Sandman is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Richard Cowdrey .
As Europe was where hot chocolate was first popularized , many different forms exist .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of , of which , of it is land and of it ( 9.77 % ) is water .
Beyond about 5 stages or a 4:1 design pressure ratio , variable geometry is normally used to improve operation .
In ancient writings the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were first described by Berossus , a Babylonian priest who lived in the late 4th century BC .
Consequently , the minimum size of a string is related to the string tension .
Part of Lake George is in Marion County also .
The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki 's mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children , with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers .
The British Rail Class 04 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotive class was built between 1952 and 1962 and was the basis for the later Class 03 built in the British Railways workshops .
Tropical Depression Seven of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season was a weak tropical depression that formed off the northeast Florida coast .
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
Neola is a city in Pottawattamie County , Iowa , United States .
It is on the Piccadilly Line , in Travelcard Zone 2 , between Holloway Road and Finsbury Park .
,
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.5 males .
The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) is a collection of stories by British Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling .
Thor also has a stepson called Ullr who is a son of Sif .
At in length , the Murray rises in the Australian Alps , draining the western side of Australia 's highest mountains and , for most of its length , meanders across Australia 's inland plains , forming the border between New South Wales and Victoria as it flows to the northwest , before turning south for its final or so into South Australia , before emptying at Lake Alexandrina .
Elmer Earl '' Butch '' Hartman IV ( born January 10 , 1965 ) is an American animator , executive producer , animation director , storyboard artist , producer , and creator of the animated series , The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom .
Japanese spindles on the other hand helped build Pakistan 's textile industry .
'' 80,000 dead in one Burma province '' , The Australian , May 9 , 2008 The cyclone made landfall in the country on May 2 , 2008 , causing catastrophic destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities .
Jourdain was also the author of several textbooks , ran a school of her own , and after the incident became the vice-Principal of St. Hugh 's College .
Louchats is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Estrées - la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Though the monument was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World , only foundations and sculptural fragments of the temple remain .
Originally , the group 's musical style was largely composed of short , simple songs , which would evolve over the years into heavily hardcore-influenced crossover thrash , with Gwar 's musical experimentation becoming present in Scumdogs of the Universe , America Must Be Destroyed and This Toilet Earth .
Hafnium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Hf and atomic number 72 .
Some thick limestone beds dating to the mid - to late-Paleozoic are almost entirely made up of disarticulated crinoid fragments .
Arthur Clarke 's 2001 diary , excerpted from Lost Worlds of 2001 by Arthur C. Clarke .
The Vendian concept was formed stratigraphically top-down , and the lower boundary of the Cambrian became the upper boundary of the Vendian .
James is the host of Motorcycle Mania and the former series Monster Garage on the Discovery Channel .
It is in this humiliating company that she meets Lord Orville again .
Reception Competition Knol has been described both as a rival to encyclopedia sites such as Wikipedia , Citizendium , and Scholarpedia and as a complement to Wikipedia , offering a different format that addresses many of Wikipedia 's shortcomings .
In 163 , while Statius Priscus was occupied in Armenia , the Parthians intervened in Osroene , a Roman client in upper Mesopotamia , just east of Syria , with its capital at Edessa .
She received worldwide exposure when she performed the song live at the 73rd Academy Awards ceremony .
A few days later , the Faculty Emergency Committee took charge over the campus , and began preparations for the resumption of classes and the big challenge of reconstruction .
It was released for Windows and Mac OS in 2000 by Blizzard Entertainment , and was developed by Blizzard North .
A Chapel Royal is a department of the Ecclesiastical Household of the monarch in right of either Canada or the United Kingdom , formally known as the royal Free Chapel of the Household .
Large staples might be used with a hammer or staple gun for masonry , roofing , corrugated boxes and other heavy-duty uses .
Fragments of its ancient sculptures are still to be seen , and , in 1847 , the well preserved remains of Roman vapor baths were discovered just below the New Castle .
Geography Kohistan is a sparsely populated district of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Piper gained very positive reviews for these appearances , critics seemingly feeling that she was a far better actress than she was a singer .
Quincy is the birthplace of former U.S. Presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams , as well as statesman John Hancock , fourth and longest serving President of the Continental Congress .
The adjacent precinct was previously known as simply ` Fox Studios Entertainment Precinct ' , however has since been renamed ` The Entertainment Quarter ' or EQ .
It derives its unflattering common name from the disagreeable odor generated from the flowers , crushed leaves , broken twigs , or bruised bark .
In 2002 , the song also won the trio a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals .
Before the Miracle label was closed ( to avoid confusion with the Miracles singing group ) and merged with the Gordy label , The Temptations released two singles , '' Oh Mother of Mine '' and '' Check Yourself '' featuring Paul Williams ' powerful lead .
It is also known as Postfix notation and is parenthesis-free as long as operator arities are fixed .
The resulting album , American Idiot ( 2004 ) , debuted at number one on the Billboard charts , the band 's first album to reach number one , backed by the success of the album 's first single , '' American Idiot '' .
Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines ( the crown group of the superorder Chelonia ) , characterised by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield .
The key principle of wisdom literature is that while techniques of traditional story-telling are used , books also presume to offer insight and wisdom about nature and reality .
Hope is a city in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
Three circulations developed within the monsoon trough that extended from the Philippines to the Marshall Islands .
Both George Martin and Mark Lewisohn speculated that McCartney may have thought of the song when recording began for Sgt. Pepper in December 1966 because his father turned 64 earlier that year .
Lotus was also among the pioneers in Formula One in adding wings and shaping the undersurface of the car to create downforce , as well as the first to move radiators to the sides in the car to aid in aerodynamic performance , and inventing active suspension .
Bolognese sauce is sometimes taken to be a tomato sauce , but authentic recipes have only a small amount of tomato concentrate .
Pizza viennese : tomato , mozzarella , German sausage , oregano , oil ;
Benoit , who was originally booked to face CM Punk for the vacant ECW World Championship , legitimately no-showed due to '' personal reasons . ''
The Enchanted Forest and Safari opened on July 1 , 1974 .
In object-oriented programming , a class is a programming language construct that is used as a blueprint to create objects .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
Wind measurements are taken as free of other obstructions as possible , while temperature and humidity measurements are kept free from direct solar radiation , or insolation .
It is one of the most important cities on the island , with a very active port and many ecotourism attractions .
Its usage before the sixteenth century , referred firstly to the '' call '' by God to the individual , or calling of all humankind to salvation , particularly in the Vulgate , and more specifically to the '' vocation to the priesthood '' , which is still the usual sense in Roman Catholicism .
Lunyu ( English : Analects ) , also known as the Analects of Confucius , are considered a record of the words and acts of the central Chinese thinker and philosopher Confucius and his disciples , as well as the discussions they held .
The saffron crocus resulted when C. cartwrightianus was subjected to extensive artificial selection by growers seeking longer stigmas .
from Alt-Berlin : Mitte , Tiergarten , Wedding , Prenzlauer Berg , Kreuzberg and Friedrichshain ;
Also according to WWE Magazine , the amount of pyrotechnics used would be ten times that of the amount used on RAW .
Kurt Thomas Busch ( born August 4 , 1978 ) is an American NASCAR and NHRA driver .
is a scientific theory which describes the large scale motions of Earth 's lithosphere .
His other best-selling books include The Testament , The Summons and The Broker .
currentclub = Muravera Calcio Muravera
The extinction event that closed the Triassic Period has recently been more accurately dated , but as with most older geologic periods , the rock beds that define the start and end are well identified , but the exact dates of the start and end of the period are uncertain by a few million years .
Lamoni is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
In computer science they are used , among other things , for the precise definition of data formats and the syntax of programming languages .
From 1946 onwards , he made numerous trips back to Europe , becoming an important musical figure in the early years of the Edinburgh Festival and in Salzburg , Vienna and Munich .
The flag of Poland consists of two horizontal stripes of equal width , the upper one white and the lower one red .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
The other distinct Cyberman design is that of the Cyber-Controller , which had glowing eyes , a transparent forehead revealing the brain , and sockets on its chest-plate providing connectors to other systems .
Metlink has also been active in encouraging use of ` value Metcards ' ( pre-purchased multi-trip and periodical tickets ) and is known for running a '' humorous '' campaign called BATBYGOBSTOPL ( Buying A Ticket Before You Get On Board Saves Time Or Problems Later ) .
The current groundsman , Alan Ferguson , has received a number of accolades , including both Premiership and Championship Groundsman of the Year , and the pitch was voted the best in the Championship for two consecutive seasons in 2004 and 2005 .
On March 2 , 1972 , Roll was spotted with Tommy Weissbecker outside a hotel in Augsburg .
The full text of every issue since January 2002 is available on the journal 's internet site .
West Macedonia is one of the thirteen peripheries of Greece , consisting of the western part of the region of Macedonia .
Young Komodo dragons are vulnerable and therefore dwell in trees , safe from predators and cannibalistic adults .
Gideon is Honest John 's mute and crafty anthropomorphic feline accomplice .
Roosevelt certified William Howard Taft to be a genuine '' progressive '' in 1908 , when Roosevelt pushed through the nomination of his Secretary of War for the Presidency .
Sled dogs , known also as sleightman dogs , sledge dogs , or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners ( a sled or sleigh ) over snow or ice , by means of harnesses and lines .
Uezwil is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Since 1964 - director at Mosfilm Studio .
Montloué is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It provides a number of features not present in Excel , including a system that automatically defines series for graphing based on the layout of the user 's data .
Harald V ( born 21 February 1937 ) is the king of Norway .
The Red Kangaroo prefers to eat grasses .
Bahrain has a bicameral legislature with a lower house , the Chamber of Deputies , elected by universal suffrage and an upper house , the Shura Council , appointed by the king .
Period = from :0 till :8000
Hafiz or Hafez may mean : Hafiz ( Qur ` an ) , a term used by Muslims for people who have completely memorized the Qur ` an Hafez or Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi , an Iranian mystic and poet .
Chaplet of Divine Mercy [ ] In 1936 , Faustina became ill , since speculated to be tuberculosis .
Hilbert put forth a most influential list of 23 unsolved problems at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900 .
Brenner founded the Molecular Sciences Institute in Berkeley , CA in 1996and is currently associated with the Salk Institute , the Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology , the Singapore Biomedical Research Council and the Janelia Farm Research Campus , Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Matt Leinart was again given the starting quarterback job at the start of the 2007 season . But in the third game of the season , against the Baltimore Ravens , Warner came off the bench to relieve an ineffective Leinart during the 4th quarter with the Ravens leading 23 -- 6 at the beginning of the period .
Plymouth is home to an American football club : The Plymouth Admirals . Plymouth is also home to Plymouth Marjons Hockey Club , with their 1st XI playing in the National League last season .
Grand Theft Auto IV ( 2008 ) Film Set in 2008 : Silent Running ( 1971 ) Deterrence ( 2000 ) Jason X ( Friday the 13th series , 2002 ) : Mass murderer Jason Voorhees is captured for the 2nd time and sentenced to death .
Bresciano 's correct first name is Mark and not , as is often reported , '' Marco '' though he is commonly referred to as Marco in Australia .
In this system , described in his collections of essays Totem and Taboo , Freud postulates a link between forbidden behaviors and the sanctification of objects to certain kinship groups .
Likewise , in the Adagio of Bruckner 's Symphony No. 8 , phrases that are tonally in D minor are notated as C minor .
Kassel is the largest town in the north of Hesse ( Nordhessen ) .
In baseball , the designated hitter rule is the common name for Major League Baseball Rule 6.10 , an official position adopted by the American League in 1973 that allows teams to designate a player , known as the designated hitter ( abbreviated DH ) , to bat in place of the pitcher each time he would otherwise come to home plate , rather than replace him by pinch-hitting .
Division , in relational algebra
A member of the CDU since 1981 , he was Secretary of State in the Federal Ministry of Finance from 1990 to 1993 , and as such , the administrative head of the Ministry and the deputy of the Federal Minister of Finance ( Theodor Waigel ) .
The default option , however , is to allow the user to return the computer to its previous state when the live CD is ejected and the computer is rebooted .
Even a nocturnal ( overnight ) low level jet can sometimes be observed .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland 's national stadium .
The accent ( stress ) in the standard language is always placed on the first syllable of a word ( or on the preceding preposition , see below ) .
Leachville is a city in Mississippi County , Arkansas , United States .
Though there is a large Fiat plant ( Termoli ) , the industrial sector is dominated by the building industry with small and medium-sized firms spread widely throughout the region .
February 21 & ndash ; George Frideric Handel 's oratorio , Samson premieres in London .
Lateral thinking is a term coined by Edward de Bono in the book New Think : The Use of Lateral Thinking published in 1967 ; it refers to solving problems through an indirect and creative approach .
Exopterygota ( '' external winged forms '' ) develop wings on the outside of their bodies without going through a true pupal stage , though a few have something resembling a pupa ( e.g. , Aleyrodidae ) .
See also : Indigenous land rights .
She started off from the age of 13 by singing other singers ' songs .
O'Connor first came to the attention of ' executive producers Robert G. Tapert and Sam Raimi with an '' over-the-top '' audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour '' Action Pack '' adventure '' Hercules and the Lost Kingdom '' .
Along with the Tour de Suisse , the Dauphiné Libéré is an important race in the lead-up to the Tour de France in July , and it is part of the UCI World Ranking calendar .
Roman Catholic clergy wear a type of cape known as a ferraiolo , which is worn for formal events outside of a liturgical context .
The Egyptian Vulture ( Neophron percnopterus ) is a small Old World vulture , found widely distributed from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to southern Asia .
This was followed by the Lapland War of 1944 - 45 , when Finland forced the Germans out of northern Finland .
The company was founded in 1934 by Mr. Georges Beuchat , descendant of a Swiss watchmaking family .
Admiral Stewart 's mother , Parnell 's great-grandmother , belonged to the Tudor family so had a distant relationship with the British Royal Family .
The following day , the congress declared Iturbide emperor of Mexico .
A corm survives for one season , reproducing via this division into up to ten '' cormlets '' that yield new plants .
Pearman , R. ; and Albritton , S. ( 1996 ) .
Breton ( Brezhoneg ) is a Celtic language spoken in Brittany , France .
April 10
It projects about 320 k into the Bering Sea between Norton Sound , the Bering Strait , the Chukchi Sea , and Kotzebue Sound , just below the Arctic Circle .
Similarly the Taiwanese and the South Korean navies do not use the number 4 when assigning Pennant numbers to their ships .
He was defeated for re-election in 1878 , but was elected to the governorship a year later , serving two two-year terms between 1880 and 1884 .
In Petoskey he attended Harbor Light Christian School as well as the prestigious Interlochen Arts Academy .
See the article on the .
She was raised in Glendale , California but moved to South Korea .
La Couture is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He won the 1938 AVRO tournament , which led to negotiations for a World Championship match against Alexander Alekhine , but the match never took place due to World War II .
Italy 's capital , Rome , was for centuries the center of Western civilization .
Glendale ( ) is a middle class city in Los Angeles County , California , United States .
Hornsby is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice ( Milly ) and Jessica Ellis ( Becky ) on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody ( 2006 -- 2008 ) .
The ( CERO ) is the organization that rates video games and computer software in Japan with levels of rating that informs the customer of the nature of the product and for what age group it is suitable .
Skin conditions ( such as psoriasis , eczema , sunburn , athlete 's foot , hidradenitis suppurativa and many others ) .
Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes , both sweet and savory .
However , Florence Devouard , chair of the Wikimedia Foundation , was not supportive of his credential proposal , saying , '' I think what matters is the quality of the content , which we can improve by enforcing policies such as ` cite your source , ' not the quality of credentials showed by an editor . ''
Alternatively , when a Royal Licence is granted for a transfer of arms , the change of the surname of the transferee to that of the transferor may be permitted by the Licence itself , with no need of a deed poll .
Patnitop or Patni Top , is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur district on the National Highway 1A , on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar .
She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for this performance .
Her salary for Gentlemen Prefer Blondes amounted to $ 18,000 , while freelancer Jane Russell was paid more than $ 100,000 .
Scarface is a 1983 epic crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma , written by Oliver Stone , and starring Al Pacino as Tony Montana .
When Cassius returned to Rome two years later , the outbreak of the civil war between Julius Caesar and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus saved Cassius from being brought to trial for extortion in Syria .
It is not available via analog radio .
Democritus seems to be the earliest philosopher on record to have categorically embraced a hedonistic philosophy ; he called the supreme goal of life '' contentment '' or '' cheerfulness '' , claiming that '' joy and sorrow are the distinguishing mark of things beneficial and harmful '' ( DK 68 B 188 ) .
Early life Payton was one of three children born to Edward Charles Payton and Alyne Payton in Columbia , Mississippi .
While some species have been found at depths of , most bryozoans inhabit much shallower water .
A small current at the base terminal ( that is , flowing from the base to the emitter ) can control or switch a much larger current between the collector and emitter terminals .
Among the most successful of a long series of similar works were the Ode on Saint Cecilia 's Day ( 1889 ) , the oratorios Judith ( 1888 ) and Job ( 1892 ) , the psalm-setting De Profundis ( 1891 ) and The Pied Piper of Hamelin ( 1905 ) .
Gold does not tarnish by nature and subsequently requires little maintenance apart from washing regularly with soap and water .
In 1961 , all volumes of Roosevelt 's autobiography , which she had begun writing in 1937 , were compiled into The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt , which is still in print ( Da Capo Press , ISBN 0-306-80476-X ) .
During their short career they released three demos , one EP and two full-length albums .
The Kalabhras were displaced around the 6th century with the revival of Pallava and Pandya power .
Ships in the passage are often good platforms for the sighting of whales , dolphins and plentiful seabirds including giant petrels , other petrels , albatrosses and penguins .
He was at the top of the world rankings five out of six times , from April 2007 to July 2008 , holding the number-one ranking for a total of 15 months .
Problems in these areas usually result from damage ( e.g. an accident ) , and is not inherited .
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In their fourth game against the Dallas Cowboys , Warner broke a finger on his throwing hand , and despite attempting to come back later in the season , his injury only allowed him to play two more games ( both losses ) .
Jonathan Alexander de Guzman ( born 13 September 1987 ) is a Canadian-born footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and is currently playing for RCD Mallorca .
Aircraft hijacking ( also known as skyjacking and sky controlling ) is the unlawful seizure of an aircraft by an individual or a group .
The first official home run was hit by Dick Allen of the Philadelphia Phillies in a game on April 12 of that year a 2-0 Astros loss .
As this occurred , Triple H attempted to execute the Pedigree again on Benoit , but was countered and was locked into the Crippler Crossface Triple H to submit .
On 9 December 2008 , he was appointed Honorary Professor by the Senate of the Offenbach Academy of Art and Design .
'' Treehouse of Horror II '' is the seventh episode of The Simpsons third season .
It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south-west and is bordered by Croatia to the west , Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest , Serbia to the northeast , Kosovo to the east and Albania to the southeast .
They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country , having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups , including a record three in a row during the 1980s , the only time a team other than Rangers has done this since 1882 .
Of the diaspora , about 2.6 million live in neighboring Jordan where they are approximately half the population , one and a half million between Syria and Lebanon , a quarter million in Saudi Arabia , while Chile 's half a million are the largest concentration outside the Arab world .
The Fratellis are a Scottish alternative rock band from Glasgow , Scotland .
Guru Gobind Singh was the final guru in human form .
These include rivers , lakes , seas , oceans , and canals .
There are over 800 stores and services and parking for more than 20,000 vehicles .
After an extremely costly four-day battle , in which neither side gained a substantial advantage , both sides claimed victory .
Anal sex ( or anal intercourse ) commonly refers to the sex act involving insertion of the penis into the anus of a sexual partner .
This section also covers the post-privatisation period , as the broad numbering and classification arrangements have not altered since the break-up of BR .
The United States Census Bureau , as of July 1 , 2008 , estimated Alabama 's population at 4,661,900 , which represents an increase of 214,545 , or 4.8 % , since the last census in 2000 .
Shinkansen between Tokyo and Osaka started in April 1959 .
They provide an insight into the beliefs and controversies of Early Christianity and , as part of the canon of the New Testament , they have also been , and continue to be , foundational to Christian theology and Christian ethics .
The state union effectively came to an end after Montenegro 's formal declaration of independence on 3 June 2006 , and Serbia 's formal declaration of independence on 5 June .
Giuseppe '' Beppe '' Signori ( born 17 February 1968 in Alzano Lombardo ) is a retired Italian football striker , one of the top scorers in Serie A history and widely regarded as one of the best football players to have never received a winners medal in competitive football .
Brighton , Colorado
The Additions to Daniel comprise three chapters not found in the Hebrew\/Aramaic text of Daniel .
Colin Baker ( born London , 8 June 1943 ) is an English actor who is best known for playing the sixth incarnation of the Doctor in the long-running science fiction television series Doctor Who , from 1984 to 1986 .
The Civil Service of India , 1731-1894 : a study of the history , evolution and demand for reform ( 1977 ) Schiesl , Martin .
Many consider him the premier ballhandler who ever lived , and his game influenced players such as Bob Cousy , Pete Maravich , and Fred '' Curly '' Neal .
Chief Constable Sir Hugh Orde OBE , from 29 May 2002 .
It is currently the home of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra .
The Giza Plateau is also home to many other Ancient Egyptian monuments , including the tomb of Pharaoh Djet of the First dynasty , as well as that of Pharaoh Ninetjer of the Second dynasty .
Petroleum ( L. petroleum , from rock + oleum oil ) or crude oil is a naturally occurring , toxic , flammable liquid consisting of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons of various molecular weights , and other organic compounds , that are found in geologic formations beneath the Earth 's surface .
More British in Russia \/O/ \/O/ New York Times , August 17 , 1918 , p. 1 His activities were concentrated at the link between the Ottoman Empire and the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic at Karabakh , Zanghezur and Nakhichevan .
In 1909 Diaghilev took a company of Russian opera and ballet stars to Paris featuring Nijinsky and Anna Pavlova .
Since then , id Software has licensed the Keen engine , Wolfenstein 3D engine , Shadowcaster engine , DOOM engine , the Quake , Quake II , and Quake III engines , as well as technology used in making Doom 3 .
One of those children , a son named after him , whose mother was Marie-Laure-Catherine Labay ( 1794 -- 1868 ) , a dressmaker , would follow in his footsteps , also becoming a successful novelist and playwright .
Commercial fishing , once a mainstay of the state 's economy , maintains a presence , particularly lobstering and groundfishing .
The territory of Dobruja comprises Northern Dobruja , which is part of Romania , and Southern Dobruja , which belongs to Bulgaria .
Dortan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Image processing usually refers to digital image processing , but optical and analog image processing are also possible .
The title track is 8 minutes and 58 seconds long , and largely consists of Lynch receiving the audience 's suggestions for names for superheroes .
The Giants have won the World Series five times in their history , while the Dodgers have won the World Series six times .
Any member of the public is a licensee , and is addressed as '' you '' .
It wants to see how pertinent a psychiatric diagnosis really is .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
Hellraiser is a 1987 horror film exploring the themes of pain as a source of pleasure and morality under duress and fear .
CH-4913 Bannwil
In 1947 , Duruflé wrote what is probably the most famous of his few pieces : the Requiem op .
He also competed in the 400 metre individual race , but failed to make the semifinals .
The word VALIS is the acronym for Vast Active Living Intelligence System .
The ICJ is composed of fifteen judges elected to nine year terms by the UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration .
The unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to produce a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , producing a more or less sharp point .
It is officially used on documents such as United States passports , military insignia , embassy placards , and various flags .
In 1999 , a World Tamil Confederation was established to protect and foster Tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst Tamils in different countries .
The United States presidential election of 1996 was a contest between the Democratic national ticket of President Bill Clinton of Arkansas and Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee and the Republican national ticket of former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas for President and former Housing Secretary Jack Kemp of New York for Vice President .
Digging tool In gardening , a spade is a hand tool used to dig or loosen ground , or to break up clumps in the soil .
There is only one Nanny , who in personality and appearance resembles Nanny Butler .
It is situated in the northern Black Forest , 15 km east of Baden-Baden , and 22 km southwest of Pforzheim .
He started to play the piano at the age of four .
Torn Curtain ( 1966 ) is a political thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews .
Their music may best be described as a cross between heavy metal , and rock 'n' roll .
As many of the venomous creatures of Egypt could prove fatal , Serket also was considered a protector of the dead , particularly being associated with poisons and fluids causing stiffening .
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS , which is based primarily on Debian stable .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2017th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 17th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 8th of the 2010s decade .
Boris Franz Becker ( born 22 November 1967 ) is a former World No. 1 professional tennis player from Germany .
The telson , in turn , consists of the vesicle , which holds a pair of venom glands , and the hypodermic aculeus , the venom-injecting barb .
The Cat Who Lived High (/O1990/O)
In the 19th century , it was the most important port of one of the Great Powers of Europe .
However , he regrets the fact that it was first released as a mere B-side , admitting he was '' young and stupid '' , when he made that decision .
On December 10 , 2009 , the organisers of the event announced that they were on schedule , with a plan to finish the circuit on July 5 , 2010 , though they admitted that their largest problem lay in finding accommodation for all Formula One staff and spectators .
If a camera lens were to be constructed from a single lens of 200 mm focal length , then when the lens is focused on an object at infinity , the lens will be 200 mm away from the focal plane where the film or sensor is .
Autopsies indicated the women had been thrown into the water one by one while still alive .
When Siegfried draws his sword from the corpse , his hands are burned by the dragon 's blood , and he instinctively puts them to his mouth .
Home to the politically prominent Isani and Agha families , Garhi Yasin has been one of the centres from which Shikarpur and Sindh has been ruled from , in recent history .
Dr. John Snow is famous for his investigations into the causes of the 19th century cholera epidemics .
Pancreatic cancer is a malignant neoplasm of the pancreas .
Its original French refrain is C'est la lutte finale / Groupons-nous et demain / L'Internationale / Sera le genre humain .
The internal air temperature for radiant heated buildings may be lower than for a conventionally heated building to achieve the same level of body comfort ( when adjusted so the perceived temperature is actually the same ) .
LucasArts developed ' as an expansion pack for Dark Forces II , this time giving the player control of Mara Jade as well as Katarn .
Interstate 89 ( abbreviated I-89 ) is an interstate highway in the New England region of the United States traveling between Bow , New Hampshire and Highgate Springs , Vermont .
Meanwhile , to coordinate the economies of the British and United States occupation zones , these were combined into what was referred to as the Bizone .
Andrew Test Martin ( March 17 , 1975 -- March 13 , 2009 ) was a Canadian professional wrestler .
It has also been known to be used for gin making , and in curries .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Briolette Kah Bic Runga MNZM ( born 13 January 1976 ) is a New Zealand Pop recording artist whose first solo album , Drive , debuted at number one in the New Zealand RIANZ charts .
Edward Gibbon writes in The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire : The Muslim conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire .
Along with Shubra El-Kheima , Cairo and Helwan , the 4 cities form the Province of Greater Cairo metropolis .
Higher education is provided at the University of N'Djamena .
Soulcalibur II is a fighting game developed and published by Namco and the third installment in the Soul series .
Clermont-les-Fermes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Gustav Mahler ( 7 July 1860 18 May 1911 ) was a Bohemian-born Austrian composer and conductor .
After serving in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War , Amis returned to Oxford in October 1945 to complete his degree .
The heat extracted in the firebox and tubes in the boiler converts the water to pressurized steam in the boiler .
Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Duke Ellington Songbook was the only Songbook on which the composer she interpreted played with her .
Glock was signed for two years and has a one year extension offer as well .
These Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants are easily recognized by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting '' cones '' and heads . When it comes to size , banksias range from prostrate woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall .
North Vernon is a city in Jennings County , Indiana , United States .
References Further reading Clarke , A. ( 1983 ) Towards an energy budget for krill : The physiology and biochemistry of Euphausia superba Dana .
In Egyptian mythology , Sekhmet ( also spelled Sachmet , Sakhet , Sekmet , Sakhmet and Sekhet ; and given the Greek name , Sachmis ) , was originally the warrior goddess of Upper Egypt .
The head of the brush can be made from the hair ( or feather ) of a wide variety of animals , including the weasel , rabbit , deer , chicken , duck , goat , pig , tiger , etc. .
The Nile has two major tributaries , the White Nile and Blue Nile .
He was a combat pilot during World War I and directed his first film Der Knabe in Blau ( ` The Boy in Blue ' ) in 1919 .
From 2003 to 2006 , he served as the Chairman of the Board of the South Centre , South Centre website an intergovernmental research organization of developing countries .
The two moons of Mars , Deimos and Phobos , may be Amor asteroids that were captured by Mars 's gravity .
Keith Richards ( born 18 December 1943 ) is an English guitarist , songwriter , singer , record producer and a founding member of The Rolling Stones .
Many pregnant women carry a fetus with a different blood type from their own , and the mother can form antibodies against fetal RBCs .
During the interview process the candidate city must also guarantee that it will be able to fund the Games .
Some have caused subsidence in living history .
Rhododendron catawbiense , the most widespread rhododendron of the Appalachian Mountains , is the state flower of West Virginia , and is in the Flag of West Virginia . Rhododendron macrophyllum , a widespread rhododendron of the Pacific Northwest , is the state flower of Washington .
Hunter Cantwell ( born December 30 , 1985 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is an American football quarterback who plays for the Baltimore Ravens and has played for the Carolina Panthers .
The term was later used to denote the head of a community of priests , as the chapter of a cathedral , or a section of a diocese ( a '' deanery '' ) .
As the kimono has another name , the earliest kimonos were heavily influenced by traditional Han Chinese clothing , known today as , through Japanese embassies to China which resulted in extensive Chinese culture adoptions by Japan , as early as the fifth century ce .
He was the father of two other composers , Domenico Scarlatti and Pietro Filippo Scarlatti .
SketchUp is a 3D modeling program designed for architects , civil engineers , filmmakers , game developers , and related professions .
Additionally , she attempts to raise the spirits of Ann Putnam 's dead children .
Kellerton is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
While awaiting results of hospital tests on the ankle he had injured in junior college , Robinson boarded an Army bus with a fellow officer 's wife ; although the Army had commissioned its own unsegregated bus line , the bus driver ordered Robinson to move to the back of the bus .
Skis are used in conjunction with boots that connect to the ski with use of a binding .
Rebecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hydrogen deuteride is a diatomic molecule composed of the two isotopes of hydrogen : the majority isotope 1H protium and 2H deuterium .
He won league and domestic cup titles with Rapid and played the full 90 minutes of the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final against Paris St Germain in Brussels , which Rapid lost .
Spain Personal union of the crowns that would later form Spain ( Crown of Castile and Crown of Aragon ) with the Holy Roman Empire from 1519 to 1556 under Charles I ( Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) .
Mitosis and cytokinesis together define the mitotic ( M ) phase of the cell cycle - the division of the mother cell into two daughter cells , genetically identical to each other and to their parent cell .
The series tells the story of Tohru Honda , an orphan girl who , after meeting Yuki , Kyo , and Shigure Sohma , learns that thirteen members of the Sohma family are possessed by the animals of the and are cursed to turn into their animal forms if they are embraced by anyone of the opposite sex .
Honours Bobby Robson was awarded a number of honours for his contributions to football .
She was born in Juniper Hill in northeast Oxfordshire , the eldest of six children of Albert and Emma Timms , a stonemason and nursemaid respectively .
During the last decade of his life , Bulgakov continued to work on The Master and Margarita , wrote plays , critical works , stories , and made several translations and dramatisations of novels , librettos .
It is commonly referred to in historical literature as '' la fée verte '' ( the Green Fairy ) .
Voltaire 's Candide is published .
It can form either by pooling in a depression on the surface , or by surface tension upon a flat surface .
Scooch are a British bubblegum dance group , comprising performers Natalie Powers , Caroline Barnes , David Ducasse and Russ Spencer .
She is best known for her tenures in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) and World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where she worked on both their SmackDown and Raw brands throughout her eight year run .
, King Booker became the third man to qualify , defeating Kane in a Falls Count Anywhere match after The Great Khali interfered .
This tradition was upheld until the 1992 Games in Albertville , France ; after that , beginning with the 1994 Games , the Winter Paralympics and the Winter Olympics have been held in those even numbered years separate from the Summer Games .
Dee appeared in the Star Chamber and exonerated himself , but was turned over to the Catholic Bishop Bonner for religious examination .
Tarbela Dam on the Indus River in Pakistan is the sixteenth largest dam in the world .
The line '' Kameraden , die Rotfront und Reaktion erschossen '' is technically ambiguous .
Politically , Marge generally aligns with the Democratic Party , having supported the candidacy of her state 's progressive governor Mary Bailey , and voting for Jimmy Carter in both of his presidential elections .
Ushicon Panels - 2003 Snodgrass is an amateur artist who does not make a living from her online strip .
The district has an area of 7,326 km and a population of 852,995 as of the 1998 Census .
He died on October 16 1553 , at Weimar , where the house in which he lived still stands in the marketplace .
Petrarch is often called the '' Father of Humanism '' .
The Islamic calendar has 12 months and 354 -- 355 days .
Germanium is a chemical element with the symbol Ge and atomic number 32 .
The 1992 Tour DuPont victory was Greg LeMond 's last major win of his career .
Baruch with the Letter of Jeremiah
Probably the most infamous part of Bin Laden 's ideology is that civilians , including women and children , are legitimate targets of jihad .
Between 1999 and 2005 , some markets received the same vehicles under the Toyota Echo name . Toyota has used the '' Yaris '' and '' Echo '' names on the export version of several different Japanese-market models .
The mini-album sold 11,454 copies in 2007 .
A trailer of the project was sent to a select number of people at a Sony conference in 2005 , promoting the release of the PlayStation 3 system .
Hurricane Donna in the 1960 Atlantic hurricane season was a Cape Verde-type hurricane which moved across the Leeward Islands , Puerto Rico , Hispanola , Cuba , The Bahamas , and every state on the East Coast of the United States .
The city has a population of 237,968 ( ) .
Janis Ian ( born Janis Eddy Fink , April 7 , 1951 ) is an American songwriter , singer , multi-instrumental musician , columnist , and science fiction fan-turned-author .
Along with the Spanish enclaves in Africa of Ceuta and Melilla , it is one of only three European Union territories outside Europe that is not an island .
At its height , core actors such as Helen Wagner , Don MacLaughlin , Don Hastings , and Eileen Fulton became nationally known .
This is one of Europe 's largest stone circles , with a diameter of , Britain 's largest stone circle .
The town is located on the main North East railway , and is served by V\/Line passenger services from Euroa station .
Geography Canton Jura lies in the northwest of Switzerland .
La Siembra ( D.M. )
The Island of Hawaii is administered as the County of Hawaii within the state of Hawaii .
However , it has come over time to have a much more significant meaning to the player and fans .
Heat is transferred from the source , through the '' working body '' of the engine , to the sink , and in this process some of the heat is converted into work by exploiting the properties of a working substance ( usually a gas or liquid ) .
The names listed were used for named storms formed in the North Atlantic during 2006 .
Instruction set architecture is distinguished from the microarchitecture , which is the set of processor design techniques used to implement the instruction set .
While personal income has remained relatively stagnant over the past few decades , household income has risen due to the rising percentage of households with two or more income earners .
The village reportedly is named after the Aboriginal name for the region , colegdar .
Dee was an ardent promoter of mathematics and a respected astronomer , as well as a leading expert in navigation , having trained many of those who would conduct England 's voyages of discovery .
Episodes were written by a team of writers , which consisted of Aaron Ehasz , Elizabeth Welch Ehasz , Tim Hedrick , John O'Bryan ; along with creators DiMartino and Konietzko .
These roles\/characters can be found in today 's pantomimes .
Aboriginal population According to the 2001 census , Australian Aborigines make up approximately 17 % of the population of Alice Springs , and 29 % of the Northern Territory .
The term Proto-Human language ( also Proto-Sapiens , Proto-World ) designates the hypothetical most recent common ancestor of all the world 's languages .
Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears CBE ( '' peerz '' ; 22 June 1910-3 April 1986 ) was an English tenor who was knighted in 1978 . His career was closely associated with the composer Edward Benjamin Britten .
These baryons are further composed of subatomic fundamental particles known as quarks bound by the strong interaction .
VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multimedia framework written by the VideoLAN project .
Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Derby Tramway was tram system serving the city of Derby ( then a town ) , England .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , Prince of Mindelheim , KG , PC ( 26 May 1650 - 16 June 1722 ) ( O. S ) , was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
In some regions , superstition , religious belief , or tradition prohibits the cutting of certain trees , most notably in Witchcraft customs the Elderberry tree ; '' Elder be ye Lady 's tree , burn it not or cursed ye 'll be '' -- A rhyme from an Oral tradition .
The province is divided into eight districts ( , singular : distrito ) , each of which is headed by a mayor ( alcalde ) .
Patrick Mercer ( C )
Pierrefitte-en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Giorgione , Italian painter ( b. c. 1477 )
It is widely believed that the geologist Sir Roderick Murchison coined the name of the Permian geologic period from the ancient kingdom of Permia .
Events 1590 March 14 - Battle of Ivry - Henry IV of France again defeated the forces of the Catholic League under the Duc de Mayenne .
Lamacq subsequently played the song on his radio show , labelling the track '' genius '' , and invited them to record a live session for the show .
The brain and central nervous system of the Short-beaked Echidna have been extensively studied for evolutionary comparison with placental mammals , particularly with its fellow monotreme , the Platypus .
Nothing on Wikipedia.org or included as part of any project of Wikimedia Foundation Inc. , should be construed as an attempt to offer or render a medical opinion or otherwise engage in the practice of medicine .
Meg Munn ( L ) \/O/ ( Co-op )
Anti-feminism is opposition to feminism in some or all of its forms .
She was a member of the band Shakespears Sister , along with Siobhan Fahey of Bananarama .
The first Gewandhaus was built in 1781 by architect Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe .
The increasing presence of Central American gangs known as Maras , and illegal immigration from Central America in general ( mostly immigrants on their way to the United States ) , stresses an already poor state .
There are also two military airports , one near the civilian airport and the other at the Southern Air Command headquarters of the Indian Air Force at Akkulam .
March 4 & ndash ; Franklin Pierce succeeds Millard Fillmore as the 14th President of the United States .
Berin Gali ( also known as ` Beeran Gali ' or ` Baran Gali ' ) is a Union Council of Abbottabad District , in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The case was resolved on December 20 , 2005 , when Judge John E. Jones III ruled that the Dover Area School District can not teach Intelligent Design in a science class room , due to its religious origins .
During its existence , the Sassanid Empire encompassed all of today 's Iran , Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , the Caucasus ( Armenia , Georgia , Azerbaijan and Dagestan ) , southwestern Central Asia , part of Turkey , certain coastal parts of the Arabian Peninsula , the Persian Gulf area , and areas of southwestern Pakistan .
She was born and raised in the city of Cilician Thebe , over which her father ruled .
Aqua is the Latin word for water .
The term Tamazight traditionally referred specifically to the Central Morocco Tamazight dialect , but it has recently gained ground over Berber , particularly to refer to Northern Berber languages , just as '' Amazigh '' is used to refer to a native Berber speaker .
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 5 , 1991 .
As a central element it shows a golden aquila holding a cross in its beak and a mace and a sword in its claws .
Since 1818 , a particular chestnut tree has been used as the official '' herald of the spring '' in Geneva .
Leopard Seal , Hydrurga leptonyx
This sea eagle has two known sub-species and forms a species pair with the White-tailed Eagle .
The stand was renamed the Norwich & Peterborough Stand in the 1990s , due to a sponsorship deal with the Norwich and Peterborough Building Society .
Most 35mm format macro lenses achieve at least 1:2 , that is to say , the image on the film is 1/2 the size of the object being photographed .
Periplus also indicates that the chief exports of the ancient Tamils were pepper , malabathrum , pearls , ivory , silk , spikenard , diamonds , sapphires , and tortoiseshell .
It is frequently mentioned in the Rigveda , whose Soma Mandala contains many hymns praising its energizing qualities .
The piece resolves and gently ends on a C-sharp major rolled chord .
In some communities , those traveling using roller skates or skateboards are also considered to be pedestrians .
'' Drama '' ( Greek '' to do '' , '' seeing place '' ) is the branch of the performing arts concerned with acting out stories in front of an audience using combinations of speech , gesture , music , dance , sound and spectacle- indeed any one or more elements of the other performing arts .
From 2007 - 2010 she has made videos for her songs '' Bird Flu '' , '' Boyz '' , '' S.U.S. ( Save Ur Soul ) '' , '' Space '' and '' XXXO '' as well as a video for Rye Rye 's '' Bang . ''
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
William '' Bill '' Maher , Jr. ( ; born January 20 , 1956 ) is an American stand-up comedian , television host , social and political commentator , and author .
A number of conventions were held during the 1890s to develop a constitution for the Commonwealth .
Rudolf von Bitter Rucker ( born March 22 , 1946 ) is an American mathematician , computer scientist , science fiction author , and philosopher , and is one of the founders of the cyberpunk literary movement .
The Oceanian headquarters was founded in the 1990s in Brisbane , Australia .
Muscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Po is praised by the Valley of Peace and earns the respect of the Furious Five , who fully acknowledge him as a true kung fu master .
Biography Born in Colombo ( Ceylon , now Sri Lanka ) to British parents , he received his Bachelor 's degree in Classics from the University of Oxford ( Merton College ) in 1956 .
Of those , six became hurricanes , of which five became major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir Simpson Scale .
The Village of Sioux Falls , consisting of , was incorporated in 1876 and was granted a city charter by the Dakota Territorial legislature on March 3 , 1883 .
Liza ( 48 ) currently lives in West Palm Beach Florida with her husband Henry ( 54 ) and 3 kids Waverly ( 23 ) Hattie ( 15 ) and Rayna ( 13 ) .
Paracelsus ( born Phillippus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim , 11 November or 17 December 1493 in Einsiedeln -- 24 September 1541 in Salzburg ) was a Renaissance physician , botanist , alchemist , astrologer , and general occultist .
In Australia , Hamilton failed to make the top ten in qualifying , starting the race from eleventh place on the grid .
Their legs are positioned more vertically beneath their bodies than are the sprawling legs of reptiles and pelycosaurs .
Kellner served as chief justice inspector and administrator of the Laubach courthouse until 1948 .
Astore River The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the melt water of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan .
The Ordovician-Silurian Extinction Events may have been caused by an ice age that occurred at the end of the Ordovician period as the end of the Late Ordovician was one of the coldest times in the last 600 million years of earth history .
US air forces moved inland from the threatened bases near the coast .
They have also released several EPs and independent albums , including Time Expander .
Moacir Barbosa Nascimento ( 27 March 1921 8 April 2000 ) was a Brazilian international football goalkeeper whose career spanned 22 years .
It was first administered in fall 1959 by Everett Franklin Lindquist as a competitor to the College Board 's Scholastic Aptitude Test , now the SAT Reasoning Test .
Batesville is a city in Franklin and Ripley counties in the U.S. state of Indiana .
Columbia is the county seat of Richland County , but a portion of the city extends into Lexington County .
January 21 & ndash ; Anthony Ashley-Cooper , 1st Earl of Shaftesbury , British politician ( b. 1621 )
'' Oklahoma '' is the title song from , and the finale to , the Broadway musical Oklahoma !
Early life Diego Rivera was born in Guanajuato City , Guanajuato , to a well-off family .
Raw stock , unexposed cinema film Rolling stock as used in railway operation Stock , the base material used in some fabrication work , such as wood for woodworking , a mix of fibres , chemicals and water used for papermaking or the metal used in a welding application .
White ( 1998 ) proposes a method of estimating the age of large and veteran trees in the United Kingdom through the correlation between a tree 's stem diameter , growth character and age .
David Hare 's Skylight , with Lia Williams , which opened to rave reviews at the National in 1995 , transferred first to Wyndham 's Theatre and then on to Broadway for a four-month run which left him in a state of advanced exhaustion .
According to journalist Bill Harry , McCartney wrote the lyrics while shaving , though McCartney told biographer Barry Miles that he wrote them while on a tour bus .
Council of Europe , a political , intergovernmental organization with 47 member countries
The World Health Organization classifies lindane as '' Moderately Hazardous , '' and its international trade is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent .
He plays for Kataller Toyama .
Year 1408 AD ( MCDVIII ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Azula ( Grey DeLisle ) is the princess of the Fire Nation .
Roman roads , together with Roman aqueducts and the vast standing Roman army ( in the 2nd century , ca .
Apatosaurus ajax is the type species of the genus , and was named by the paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh in 1877 after Ajax , the hero from Greek mythology .
La Motte is a city in Jackson County , Iowa , United States .
Ioke did not affect any permanently populated areas in the Central Pacific or Western Pacific basins as a hurricane or a typhoon .
Methyl iodide is formed via the exothermic reaction that occurs when iodine is added to a mixture of methanol with red phosphorus .
Boiry-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
Two-time MLS Cup winner Sigi Schmid is the team 's head coach .
Many chromium ( 0 ) compounds are known .
According to the biographer Esther Forbes , the Guy Fawkes Day celebration in the pre-revolutionary American colonies was a very popular holiday .
Bandi Atai Khan ( also known as Banda Atai Khan ) is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Book Eleven chronicles Ivan Karamazov 's destructive influence on those around him and his descent into madness . It is in this book that Ivan meets three times with Smerdyakov , the final meeting culminating in Smerdyakov 's dramatic confession that he had faked the fit , murdered Fyodor Karamazov , and stolen the money , which he presents to Ivan .
In 1954 , at the age of eight , Mercury was sent to study at St. Peter 's School , a boarding school for boys in Panchgani near Mumbai , India .
In 2010 De la Rosa drove for the newly-resurrected Sauber team . His team-mate at Sauber was Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi who impressed at Toyota during the last two races of the 2009 Formula One season .
In contrast to the more traditional , family-friendly content that was common in WWF programming , the Attitude Era sought to attract the young adult demographic by transforming the product into an edgier and more controversial form of entertainment .
Two types of chambers are contemplated by Article 26 : firstly , chambers for special categories of cases , and second , the formation of ad hoc chambers to hear particular disputes .
Europe , in particular Ancient Greece , is the birthplace of Western culture .
LTTE Lunatics Explodes Massive Truck Bomb in Central Colombo Most of these were bystanders or civilians manning small shops set up near the bank .
Al Michaels and John Madden are still the play-by-play and color commentary for the Wii , PS2 , Xbox , and PSP versions .
As Hammurabi was assisted during the war in the south by his allies from the north , the absence of soldiers in the north led to unrest . Continuing his expansion , Hammurabi turned his attention northward , quelling the unrest and soon after crushing Eshnunna .
Carpiquet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Linn is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A closely related term is traffic encryption key or TEK , which refers to any key used to encrypt messages as opposed to different uses , such as encrypting other keys ( key encryption key ) Session keys introduce complication in a crypto system , normally an undesirable end .
This accent is preferred by many national radio and television broadcasters .
It is one of the most famous events in Germany and the world 's largest fair , with more than 5 million people attending every year .
Commodus 's death marked the end of the Nervan-Antonian dynasty .
After an intense confrontation , the Cullens and their witnesses convince the Volturi that the child poses no danger to vampires or their secret , and they are left in peace by the Volturi .
It is a close quarter battle combat or last-resort weapon .
Complete nationalisation had been considered , and the Railways Act 1921 is sometimes considered as a precursor to that , but the concept was rejected ; nationalisation was subsequently carried out after World War II , under the Transport Act 1947 .
Cheese is a generic term for a diverse group of milk-based food products .
They recorded their debut album , I Brought You My Bullets , You Brought Me Your Love , just three months after the formation of the band and released it in 2002 through Eyeball Records .
Lynchburg was the only major city in Virginia that did not fall to the Yankees in the American Civil War .
Brown 's second studio album , Exclusive was released worldwide in November 2007 .
He played a software company 's scheming CEO in Barry Levinson 's 1994 drama Disclosure opposite Michael Douglas and in 1995 was cast as the antagonistic Maj. Gen. Donald McClintock in Wolfgang Petersen 's thriller Outbreak , also featuring Dustin Hoffman , Morgan Freeman , and Rene Russo .
Muslims often refer to the mosque by its Arabic name , masjid .
The last independent Duke of Guelders was Adolf 's son Charles of Egmond ( 1492-1538 ) , who , backed by France , expanded his realm further north , to incorporate what is now the Province of Overijssel .
The Gur-e Amir Mausoleum is built by Timur after the death of his grandson Muhammad-Sultan , and eventually becomes the family mausoleum of the Timurid dynasty .
Between 1503 and 1522 , for the sake of protection from Crimean Tatar attacks , the city was surrounded by walls that had nine gates and three towers .
Modern medicine , both conventional and complementary , recognises that the different rheumatic disorders have different causes ( and several of them have multiple causes ) and require different kinds of treatment .
This template makes a blue box appear that includes the current time and the amount of articles on Wikipedia at this moment .
Clara Rockmore , a well-known thereminist , toured to wide acclaim , performing a classical repertoire in concert halls around the United States , often sharing the bill with Paul Robeson .
The Cretaceous is named after the famous white chalk cliffs of southern England , which date from Late Cretaceous time .
There are three main types of modern acoustic guitar : the classical guitar ( nylon-string guitar ) , the steel-string acoustic guitar , and the archtop guitar .
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
During a period of major faulting and volcanism roughly 400,000 to 600,000 years ago , the Masek Beds were made .
This would lead to the eventual merger of the two clubs as Athletic Club in 1903 .
Handel : A Documentary Biography .
This existed alongside that of the Old Catholic See of Utrecht .
It is located 310m above sea-level and about 300 kilometres west of Sydney on the banks of the Lachlan River .
The first single released from the album was a duet with Kidman , on '' Somethin' Stupid '' .
Canberra ( ) is the capital city of Australia .
According to associate producer Dave Gordon , '' This is the biggest production ever filmed in Canada .
Martinsburg is a city in the Eastern Panhandle region of West Virginia , United States .
The losing tribe will not go back to camp empty-handed , for they were to choose either a sack of rice or a sack of beans .
Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book ( 1994 ) -- starring Jason Scott Lee as Mowgli .
Abruzzo borders the region of Marche to the north , Lazio to the west and south-west , Molise to the south-east , and the Adriatic Sea to the east .
More than 1,500 fish species live on the reef , including the clownfish , red bass , red-throat emperor , and several species of snapper and coral trout .
The flowers are 2.5 cm ( 1 in ) in diameter , are yellowish white with a light purple tinge on the margins .
This is a list of past and present basketball players in the NBA for the Charlotte Bobcats .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
An electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electrical signals , usually conveyed via telecommunication lines or radio .
Notes References Joseph P. Farrell .
The trough developed Hurricane Fern , Hurricane Ginger , Tropical Storm Heidi , and a strong tropical depression .
United Press International gave an NFL Player of the Year Award from 1948 through 1969 , excepting 1949-50 , and 1952 .
Beaurevoir is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
A writing system is a symbolic system used to represent elements or statements expressible in language .
He suggests that millions of species , and humanity itself , are threatened .
He feels lonely and left-out oftentimes with his family , thinking that he is just one of the famous 101 dalmatians , and longs for a chance to become separate and leave the shadow of his brothers and sisters .
During the American Civil War on September 1 , 1862 , the Battle of Chantilly ( or Ox Hill ) was fought nearby .
Regimental Intelligence Officer ( IO ) ( Lieutenant or Captain )
The Venetians pillage Rhodes , ravage Samos and Lesbos , and occupy Chios .
The only known fossils of G. blacki are a few teeth and mandibles found in cave sites in Southeast Asia .
Rouvroy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It then flows into the Ohio River at Paducah , Kentucky .
Less than a year after it opened to the public on May 27 , 1931 , the Chrysler Building was surpassed in height by the Empire State Building , but the Chrysler Building is still the world 's tallest steel-supported brick building .
Other candidate cities were Sapporo , Japan ; and Gothenburg , Sweden .
On June 23 , 2006 , Canadian Press reported that the city of Montreal has awarded exclusive rights to stage the two allowed race weekends on the track to Normand Legault , promoter of the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix .
The translation of his relics from Judea to Galicia in the northwest of Iberia was effected , in legend , by a series of miraculous happenings : decapitated in Jerusalem with a sword by Herod Agrippa himself , his body was taken up by angels , and sailed in a rudderless , unattended boat to Iria Flavia in Iberia , where a massive rock closed around his relics , which were later removed to Compostela .
January 8 & ndash ; Bonnie Prince Charlie occupies Stirling .
Febvin-Palfart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The player can avoid capturing the piece , usually done by mistake .
London .
Hydrochloric acid is the solution of hydrogen chloride ( HCl ) in water .
In London , pastry chefs sold their goods from handcarts .
The status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat in February 2009 .
Alan Rickman as Severus Snape , the Potions Master and head of Slytherin House at Hogwarts .
Approximately 95 % of unsafe abortions take place in developing countries .
Renowned film producer David Parfitt belonged to this company before achieving worldwide fame and is now a patron of the theatre .
tk respectively .
The enharmonic equivalent B-flat minor is often used in most musical compositions instead of A-sharp minor , thus indicating that A-sharp minor is not a practical key for compositions and is one of the least used minor keys in music .
During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia declared independence , but had to struggle until 1921 to firmly establish de-facto independence , and until 1945 to gain international recognition .
The current lineup of Core processors includes the latest Intel Core i7 , Intel Core i5 and Intel Core i3 , and the older Intel Core 2 Solo , Intel Core 2 Duo , Intel Core 2 Quad and Intel Core 2 Extreme lines .
August 21 -- Minamoto no Yoritomo is granted the title of shogun , thereby officially establishing the first shogunate in the history of Japan .
The album is the band 's most successful to date , achieving diamond status in Canada ( 1,000,000 units sold ) and strong sales in other countries .
He was a member of the standing committee for the 1998 Lambeth Conference .
A double bar-line ( or double bar ) can consist of two single bar-lines drawn close together , separating two sections within a piece , or a bar-line followed by a thicker bar-line , indicating the end of a piece or movement .
As of July 2007 , Grameen Bank has issued US$ 6.38 billion to 7.4 million borrowers .
The Cairo International Book Fair is a major book fair held every year in the last week of January in Cairo , Egypt , at the Cairo International Fair Grounds in Madinat Nasr , near Al-Azhar University .
This resulted in the birth of Shirohime ( White Princess ) , the Goddess of Mercy .
Samwise Gamgee , gardener for the Bagginses .
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Shita-kiri Suzume , the story of the tongue-cut sparrow .
On August 18 , 2005 , Pope Benedict XVI visited the cathedral as part of his apostolic visit to Germany as part of World Youth Day 2005 festivities .
Antoine-Joseph '' Adolphe '' Sax ( 6 November 1814 - c. 4 February 1894 ) was a Belgian musical instrument designer and musician who played the flute and clarinet , and is best known for having invented the saxophone .
Other commonly used names are nitro or just model fuel .
The massacre occurred around 800 A.D. [ ] , the time when the Mayan civilization collapsed , leading some scholars to believe that it was connected to the upheaval that accompanied the collapse of the Maya civilization .
After two seasons , they were relegated yet again in 1921 .
In the field of cryptography , where the adversary is trying to do better than the exponential time required for a brute force attack , the advantages of a space-time tradeoff can readily be seen .
This assertion is the end result of a long discussion and the General Resolution 2006-001 .
The Roche limit ( ) , sometimes referred to as the Roche radius , is the distance within which a celestial body , held together only by its own gravity , will disintegrate due to a second celestial body 's tidal forces exceeding the first body 's gravitational self-attraction .
Here the Yare is joined by the Rivers Bure and Waveney and finally flows into the North Sea at Gorleston , Great Yarmouth .
Elliot Goldenthal ( born May 2 , 1954 ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music .
The other main works of his maturity are the Critique of Practical Reason , which concentrates on ethics , and the Critique of Judgment , which investigates aesthetics and teleology .
British Rail Class 158 Express Sprinter is a diesel multiple unit ( DMU ) train , built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works .
A compass or , more properly , pair of compasses is a technical drawing instrument that can be used for inscribing circles or arcs .
He was capped 16 times and scored three goals for the Japanese national team .
Cues are tapered sticks , typically about 58 inches ( 1.5 m ) long and 18 -- 21 ounces ( 510 -- 600 g ) .
As a result , when Lassalle founded the Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein ( General German Workers ' Association , ADAV ) on 23 May 1863 , Marx 's supporters in Germany did not join it .
Following the Treaty of Union in 1707 , Acts of Union were passed in both the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland , which created a new United Kingdom of Great Britain .
The first part of the atlas contains copper plate prints depicting the world systems of Claudius Ptolemy , Nicolaus Copernicus and Tycho Brahe .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
The Black Death , an epidemic of bubonic plague that spread over the whole of Europe , arrived in England in 1348 and killed as much as a third to half the population .
Aberdeen Football Club ( also known as The Dons , The Dandies or The Reds ) are a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen .
The violence resulted in the killing of 20,000 pg 78 - On October 2 , 1937 , Trujillo had ordered 20,000 Haitian cane workers executed because they could not roll the '' R '' in perejil the Spanish word for parsley .
Khasis make up the majority of the population though the percentage of Khasi people in the city continues to fall as a result of the large number of migrants from other Indian states .
, directed by John Landis , and written by Martin , Lorne Michaels , and singer-songwriter Randy Newman .
The opium poppy , Papaver somniferum , is grown for opium , opiates , or poppy seed for use in cooking and baking , for example poppy seed rolls , in addition growing for the decorative flowers .
These books include Winning the Oil Endgame , Small is Profitable , and Natural Capitalism .
If we think of composition as a kind of multiplication of functions , this identity says that the inverse of a function is analogous to a multiplicative inverse .
Daniel Robert '' Danny '' Elfman ( born May 29 , 1953 ) is an American musician , best known for composing music for television and movies and leading the rock band Oingo Boingo as singer\/songwriter from 1976 until its breakup in 1995 .
In addition to these championships , Cena has also won the WWE United States Championship three times and the World Tag Team Championship two times ( once with Shawn Michaels and once with Batista ) .
Although Taft had been opposed to the annexation of the islands , and had told McKinley his real ambition was to become a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States , he reluctantly accepted the appointment .
Americium ( ) is a synthetic element that has the symbol Am and atomic number 95 .
The Canal was over 30 miles long and was not completed until 1904 .
The inhabitants of Indre are known in French as indrais .
In the role of Paco , Diego 's friend and confidant , is Mexican motion picture actor Martin Altomaro ( Un Mundo Maravilloso , Demasiado Amor ) .
As with most river and creek valleys in south-eastern Australia , the natural landscape of Araluen Creek and its valley were completely destroyed by rampant and extremely destructive gold mining during the ` gold rush ' in the latter half of the 1800s .
Having lost his father at an early age , he was brought up in Cambridge by his grandfather , from whom he received his first musical education .
Distribution The bears are found in the foothills of the Himalaya and northern Pakistan and do not extend past Dachigam and Kashmir .
She is tricked into giving him the collar , which was going to be used to get her home .
The Cardcaptor Sakura manga series was popular with Japanese readers , ranking among the top five sellers during its release .
Many towns , especially the small ones , retain notable aspects of German culture : in Pomerode , for example , a small town in which nine-tenths of the population is of German-Brazilian descent , most inhabitants still speak German fluently ; and Oktoberfest continues to be celebrated in Blumenau and in many other towns in the region .
Oscarino Costa Silva , best known as Oscarino ( January 17 , 1907 1990 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player in offensive midfielder role .
Aspirin ( USAN ) , also known as acetylsalicylic acid ( , abbreviated ASA ) , is a salicylate drug , often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains , as an antipyretic to reduce fever , and as an anti-inflammatory medication .
The tale plays with logic in ways that have given the story lasting popularity with adults as well as children .
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry or simply Hogwarts is the primary setting for the first six books of the Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling , with each book lasting the equivalent of one school year .
Modern Talking 's first period of activity was from 1984 to 1987 .
After his film Nightbreed ( Cabal ) , which was widely considered to be a flop , Barker returned to write and direct Lord of Illusions .
Though he is now best known for his orchestral music , he composed two string quartets and other works of chamber music .
This has not been recognized by any other country , since unilateral annexations of territory are prohibited by customary and conventional international law .
The River Wylye runs along the south west , and the Bourne runs to the east .
Legacy It is alleged by supporters that despite his dictatorial rule and the high growth that occurred during his years in power , Park did not engage in corruption and led a simple life .
Sponges have no nervous systems , their middle jelly-like layers have large and varied populations of cells , and some types of cell in their outer layers may move into the middle layer and change their functions .
Mark Jerrold Henry ( born June 12 , 1971 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) performing on its Raw brand .
The House of Tudor produced five monarchs who ruled during this period .
Similarly , music was expected to be tonal and free of any jazz influences ; films and plays were censored .
It was founded , as Nea or New Corinth in 1858 , after an earthquake destroyed the existing settlement of Corinth , which had developed in and around the site of ancient Corinth .
The National Hurricane Center noted that this tropical cyclone was remarkably forecast up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
Another city motto states : Never other weapons we shall take that those we elect ; and we claim for encouragement : we want Freedom or death .
There have been several proposals to make English the national language in amendments to immigration reform bills , but none of these bills has become law with the amendment intact .
As a result , many Roman Catholic Churches and services feature images , some feature statues , and in some Orthodox services , icons are venerated .
Breyer 's appointment came shortly thereafter , however , following the retirement of Harry Blackmun in 1994 , when Clinton nominated Breyer as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court on May 13 of that year . Breyer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in an 87 to 9 vote and took his seat August 3 , 1994 .
Lunar phases are the result of looking at the illuminated half of the Moon from different viewing geometries ; they are not caused by shadows of the Earth on the Moon that occur during a lunar eclipse .
It has been called '' the best race track in the world '' by Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone .
The Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) is a women 's professional basketball league in the United States .
It works best on texts that are for children up to fourth grade .
The results range from very high-pitched sounds to much lower guttural vibrations .
The population was 510 at the 2000 census .
Later that day , Dominica was also placed under the tropical storm watch . Shortly after , the islands of Guadeloupe , St. Martin and St. Barthelemy were placed under the watch .
Unfortunately , before arriving at Dubrovnik he fell and hurt his hand and was forced to spend two days in a tent .
For example , in an automobile with cruise control the vehicle 's speed is continuously monitored and fed back to the system which adjusts the motor 's torque accordingly .
Coralville is located in Johnson County at ( 41.688215 , -91.586764 ) .
The incident is often referred to as igniting the recycling '' hysteria '' of the 1990s .
The BCT ( Brigade Combat Team ) Ground Combat Vehicle ( GCV ) Program is the U.S. Army 's replacement program for armored fighting vehicles in Heavy and Stryker brigade combat teams .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin has exerted an influence equaled by few other novels in history .
Lind published his work in 1753 in his Treatise on the Scurvy .
Sannerville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Founded in 1332 , this is one of the largest hospitals of the Middle Ages .
Later , Burns realizes that he has lost all his respectability because he can no longer control anyone .
The Toyota Yaris is a subcompact car produced by Toyota since 1999 .
Belinda is innocent and loving , and feels affection towards Clarence Hervey , though she hardly admits it even to herself .
When asked why he did not compose more than he did , he replied that his brother Anton '' composed enough for three .
Whilst a teenager , Hooker performed on Chicago street corners , occasionally with Bo Diddley .
They could still be found in the 20th century Balkans , in a ritual known as Paparuda ( Romanian ) or Perperuna ( Slavic ) .
Vombatus hacketti Macropus thor Macropus piltonensis Macropus rama Simothenurus gilli Warrendja wakefieldi a wombat from Naracoorte .
Around 2006 , Pot Noodle 's recipe was changed to make the product healthier .
Their songs typically have humorous and off-beat , satirical lyrics that often deal with sexual subjects and contain many puns and innuendos .
Monts-en-Bessin is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In Eastern Christian traditions ( Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy ) , as well as some Western traditions , it is seen as a state of opposition to the love of God , a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the Mediator and Redeemer .
She also won the World Cup season title in the downhill and the U.S. Alpine Championships combined ( downhill & slalom ) title , marking her best ski season to date .
On July 30 , 2009 , it was announced that HBO had renewed the series for its second season which ran from June 27 , 2010 .
Human racial categories have been based on both ancestry and visible traits , especially skin color , hair texture and facial features .
In-home photographic slides and slide projectors have largely been replaced by low cost paper prints , digital cameras , DVD media , video display monitors and video projectors .
As the sea level rose further still , most of the continental islands were submerged .
Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer .
The simplest and oldest form of payment is barter , the exchange of one good or service for another .
Members of an alliance can use the Alliance Combat System , available in some universes , to synchronize fleet movements and missions with members of the same alliance and temporarily deploy a fleet on an ally 's planet .
Mac OS X is the newest of Apple Inc. 's Mac OS line of operating systems . Although it is officially designated as simply '' version 10 '' of the Mac OS , it has a history largely independent of the earlier Mac OS releases .
The city became part of Avon when that county was created in 1974 .
On January 1 , 2006 Tessenderlo had a total population of 16,811 .
British Chinese ( ) , including British-born Chinese ( often informally referred to as BBC ) , are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in or have migrated to the United Kingdom .
The state is located in western Brazil , in a region mostly occupied by the inland marshes of the Pantanal .
Zahir Khan was proclaimed King ( Shah ) on 8 November 1933 at the age of 19 , after the assassination of his father Mohammed Nadir Shah .
The word buttress , in a more general sense , means to support ; one might buttress another person 's argument , for instance .
Depending on the variant , characters ' roles include giving King Arthur his sword Excalibur , enchanting Merlin , and raising Lancelot after the death of his father .
These fluids serve to carry the solids cut by the drilling bit back to the surface .
Later that year , the section between Highbury & Islington and Warren Street was opened , again without ceremony .
It operates under the Department of Homeland Security during peacetime , and can be transferred to the Department of the Navy by the President or Congress during a time of war .
In the process , he set a record for shutouts in a postseason year .
The controlling section usually consists of two metal antennas which sense the position of the player 's hands and control oscillators for frequency with one hand , and amplitude ( volume ) with the other .
It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck .
In 1983 he founded the Yehudi Menuhin International Competition for Young Violinists in Folkestone , Kent .
Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications , including heat-resistant glass and ceramics , high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft , lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries . These uses consume more than half of lithium production .
During the season , Robinson pursued potential major league interest .
Elm is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
In the summer of 1994 , due to the Taylor Report , the Kippax was demolished . A new all seater stand was built in its place and opened by City legend Bert Trautmann in October 1995 .
The University 's buildings , along with most of its records and files , were destroyed in the Great Fire of 1845 that wiped out 20 square blocks of Pittsburgh .
Harthacnut was unmarried and had no known children .
Although Ryder made her screen debut in Lucas ( 1986 ) , her first significant role came in 1988 with Beetlejuice as Lydia Deetz , a Goth teenager at the age of 17 , in a performance that gained her critical and commercial recognition .
It was only Leonard of Keutschach ( reigned 1495 -- 1519 ) who reversed the situation .
Fernando Alonso was a second behind Hamilton and was disadvantaged by having to remain behind the safety car .
Arbace , the king 's confidant , brings news that Idomeneo has been lost at sea while returning to Crete from Troy .
Borgloon ( French : Looz ) is a city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
The fruit of the other species is not an important crop in most areas , being extremely sour and ( in some species ) woody , and is rarely eaten raw for this reason .
Its definition is i = sqrt { -1 } and has the property i times i = i ^ 2 = -1 .
Meining 1986:9 The original layout of the city and a large portion of its defensive wall can still be appreciated today throughout the Colonial Zone , declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1990 .
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
These strings can move and vibrate , giving the observed particles their flavor , charge , mass and spin .
It has also been suggested that the World Bank is an instrument for the promotion of US or Western interests in certain regions of the world .
Shortly afterwards , Robinson resigned from the party in protest at the Anglo-Irish Agreement that the coalition under Garret FitzGerald had signed with the British Government of Margaret Thatcher . Robinson argued that unionist politicians in Northern Ireland should have been consulted as part of the deal , despite their reluctance to share power .
Males nudge a willing female to initiate mating , and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom .
Their styles , textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk ( including the animal 's diet ) , whether they have been pasteurized , the butterfat content , the bacteria and mold , the processing , and aging .
Blast Furnaces , finery forges , and tinplate works were until the introduction of the steam engine invariably water powered .
He died suddenly on 18 January 1870 , leaving over # 80,000 to the town trustees of Sheffield for public use .
Vibraye is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The city started as a trading post on the North Saskatchewan river .
The third season of Chappelle 's Show was scheduled to premiere in February 2005 . This date was pushed back to May 31 , 2005 when production fell behind schedule in December 2004 because , according to Comedy Central , Chappelle had fallen ill with the flu ( Chappelle later told Oprah Winfrey that this was untrue and that stress had caused him to leave ) .
NBA 2K10 is a basketball video game based on the National Basketball Association developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports .
Perhaps responding to criticism and under pressure from Granz , who felt that Fitzgerald was given unsuitable material to record during this period , her last years on the Decca label saw Fitzgerald recording a series of duets with pianist Ellis Larkins , released in 1950 as Ella Sings Gershwin .
Veritas NetBackup is an enterprise level heterogeneous backup and recovery suite . It provides cross-platform backup functionality to a large variety of Windows , UNIX and Linux operating systems .
Following the successful European production The Name of the Rose (/O1986/O) , for which he won a BAFTA award , Connery 's interest in more commercial material was revived .
The film stars Ingrid Bergman , Yul Brynner , and Helen Hayes .
He shared a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1968 with Har Gobind Khorana and Robert W. Holley for '' breaking the genetic code '' and describing how it operates in protein synthesis .
It joins the Pamlico Sound with the Atlantic Ocean and separates Bodie Island from Pea Island , which are connected by a 2.5 mile bridge that spans the inlet .
History Loire-Atlantique is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Bishamon is portrayed holding a spear in one hand and a small pagoda in the other hand , the latter symbolizing the divine treasure house , whose contents he both guards and gives away .
Soldotna , Homer , Anchorage , Seward
Also in Freetown are assorted beaches and markets , and the Sierra Leone Museum featuring the Ruiter Stone Economy Freetown is the economic and financial center of Sierra Leone .
The Naked Truth About Mole-Rats , Jill Locantore , Smithsonian Zoogoer , May/June 2002 This eusocial organisation social structure , similar to that found in ants , termites , and some bees and wasps , is very rare among mammals .
The Bisons missing the playoffs both times .
Ugny-le-Gay is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The BNP Paribas Open is an annual tennis tournament held in Indian Wells , California .
One is also capable of crushing enemies with its claws .
The process of rechewing the cud to further break down plant matter and stimulate digestion is called '' ruminating '' .
Sometimes rings will have '' shepherd '' moons , small moons that orbit near the outer edges of rings or within gaps in the rings .
Though the name usually refers to relatively minor acts of violence such as hitting or slapping the victim , more serious crimes such as murder , rape , and sexual assault have been classified as '' happy slapping '' by the media .
Each chapter has a number of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material .
His best-known composition is the 1972 choral work African Sanctus .
The Gondwanan flora of this area includes Araucariaceae and Podocarpaceae conifers and Arthrochilus , Corybas , and Calochilus orchids .
Flora Jane Thompson ( 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 ) was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
In general , the chants were learned by the viva voce method , that is , by following the given example orally , which took many years of experience in the Schola Cantorum .
The John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport in Hamilton is located about 35 km east of Brantford .
One observed stellar occultation by Antiope has been reported , on June 11 , 1980 .
Aladdin and the King of Thieves is a 1996 animated film that is the second direct-to-video sequel to the Disney animated feature Aladdin .
Motorways are fast freeways and are larger than '' A '' roads . Motorways follow different zoning and numbering systems than '' A '' and '' B '' roads .
Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank and East Jerusalem , and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip .
The first important composer of chansons was Guillaume de Machaut , who composed three-voice works in the formes fixes during the 14th century .
The Blues Music Awards are presented by the Blues Foundation , a non-profit organization set up to foster the blues and its heritage .
Foluwashola '' Shola '' Ameobi ( born 12 October 1981 ) is an Nigerian-born English footballer who plays for Newcastle United as a forward .
It was directed by Robert Zemeckis , written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale , produced by Steven Spielberg , and starred Michael J. Fox , Christopher Lloyd , Lea Thompson , Crispin Glover and Thomas F. Wilson .
He was made an OBE in 1980 , a CBE in 1990 and a Knight Bachelor in 1997 .
After Navarro 's departure in early 1998 , the Red Hot Chili Peppers were on the verge of breaking up .
Through time , these crowns have been interpreted variously as representative of the conquered kingdoms of Kazan , Astrakhan , and Siberia , or as representing the unity of '' All the Russias '' ( Great Russia , the present-day Russian Federation ; Little Russia , now the Ukraine ; and White Russia , now Belarus ) .
However , a revised 2 port model of the 5200 along with an Atari 2600 game adapter was released in 1983 , allowing it to play all Atari 2600 games .
Many people report having experienced a lucid dream during their lives , often in childhood . Children seem to have lucid dreams more easily than adults .
IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 25 # 4 ( October -- December 2003 ) : 16 -- 26 .
In computer programming , BASIC ( an acronym for Beginner 's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code The acronym is tied to the name of an unpublished paper by Thomas Kurtz and is not a backronym , as is sometimes suggested in older versions of The Jargon File ) is a family of high-level programming languages .
Chinnor , Oxfordshire , England
The unincorporated communities of Allen , and Foster are located within the town .
In 1992 , he played the part of Merrick in the movie Buffy the Vampire Slayer , with Kristy Swanson .
Today it has a length of 24.4 km .
Sandrans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He mostly worked in the genres of painting and applied art .
Submission (/O2004/O) is a 10-minute short film in English directed by Theo van Gogh and written by Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( a former member of the Dutch House of Representatives for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ) ; it was shown on the Dutch public broadcasting network ( VPRO ) on August 29 , 2004 .
The basic tracks for '' Within You Without You '' featured only Harrison and a group of uncredited Indian musicians . Producer George Martin then arranged a string section , and Harrison and assistant Neil Aspinall overdubbed the tambura .
Shane Brandon McMahon ( born January 15 , 1970 ) is an American executive and part-time professional wrestler for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , appearing primarily on the Raw brand .
It is the central component of the cofactors FAD and FMN , and is therefore required by all flavoproteins .
