Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
Ancient history is the study of the written past from the beginning of recorded human history in the Old World to the Early Middle Ages in Europe .
MPEC 2000-Y16 : S\/1975 J 1 = S\/2000 J 1 , S\/1999 J 1 2000 December 19 ( recovery and ephemeris )
Although the term savanna is believed to have originally come from an Arawak word describing '' land which is without trees but with much grass either tall or short '' ( Oviedo y Valdes , 1535 ) , by the late 1800s it was used to mean '' land with both grass and trees '' .
The second classification , chemical weathering , involves the direct effect of atmospheric chemicals or biologically produced chemicals ( also known as biological weathering ) in the breakdown of rocks , soils and minerals .
The light Angara 1.1 and 1.2 versions will replace the Kosmos-3M , Tsyklon and Rockot launchers ; Angara 3 will replace the Ukrainian Zenit and Angara 5 will replace the heavy-lift Proton . The Angara 5 version is expected to be most in demand , since this is the main version required by the Russian Ministry of Defense .
Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them in , thus increasing fertility through the incorporation of nutrients and organic matter into the soil .
From 2004 , the airline changed its slogan to Fly Emirates .
Castilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Although the Elvish languages Sindarin and Quenya are the most famous and the most mature languages of those that Tolkien invented for his mythology , they are by no means the only ones .
Gagarin kept physically fit throughout his life , and was a keen sportsman .
Since 2006 , the duo has been seen frequently on variety shows and pursued individual careers .
See municipalities of Baja California Sur .
It is the principal source of information about the absolute age of rocks and other geological features , including the age of the Earth itself , and can be used to date a wide range of natural and man-made materials .
Depending on its size ( which varies considerably ) , a harp may be played while held in the lap or while it stands on the floor .
Kelly became a famous actress in the 1950s , starring in such memorable films as Rear Window , To Catch a Thief , High Society , and The Country Girl , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress .
During his fifth year as Vice President , in the late summer of 1973 , Agnew was under investigation by the United States Attorney 's office in Baltimore , Maryland , on charges of extortion , tax fraud , bribery , and conspiracy .
After accumulating enough experience points , it may level up ; most Pokémon evolve into a new species of Pokémon when they reach a certain level .
For example is when Heart 's goalkeeper , Craig Gordon moved to Sunderland F.C. for a fee of # 9million , a record fee for a British goalkeeper .
Charles ' interest in astronomy was stimulated by the appearance of the spectacular , great six-tailed comet in 1744 and by an annular solar eclipse visible from his hometown on 25 July 1748 .
He is someone who can be depended on in a fight .
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six .
Yvette Fielding , her husband and daughter Mary live on a farm ( near Sandbach ) in Cheshire .
More serious bugs may cause the program to crash or freeze leading to a denial of service .
A five-year study of more than 2,000 middle-aged people in France found a possible link between weight and brain function , the findings of which were dubbed the '' Homer Simpson syndrome '' .
May 17 & ndash ; Sandro Botticelli , Italian painter ( b. 1445 )
Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem , quia voluptas sit , aspernatur aut odit aut fugit , sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos , qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt , neque porro quisquam est , qui dolorem ipsum , quia dolor sit amet , consectetur , adipisci ( ng ) velit , sed quia non numquam ( do ) eius modi tempora inci ( di ) dunt , ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem .
However , these estimates seem fanciful in light of the actual capacity of the venue in which the concerts took place : the Fairground 's website states that '' The larger arena comfortably seats 5,850 . ''
The community is famous for its warm , sandy beaches , and for being the home of many Hollywood movie stars and others associated with the entertainment industry .
The single-player is instead played against computer controlled bots in a similar style to Unreal Tournament .
Oliver Cromwell took over England during an interregnum .
He is most famous as the creator of the Artemis Fowl series , but he has also achieved success with other books .
Sylvio Hoffmann Mazzi ( 15 May 1908 -- 15 November 1991 ) was a Brazilian football player .
They are currently signed to Fat Possum Records .
This is the ' template .
Charles Rennie Mackintosh ( 1868 -- 1928 ) , Scottish architect and designer
The Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace is a football , rugby and athletics stadium in Phokeng near Rustenburg , South Africa It was built and is managed by the Royal Bafokeng Nation . .
ICD9 =
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible ( also called sometimes physical ) representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
Vaudringhem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
She produces a hash value of the message , raises it to the power of ( as she does when decrypting a message ) , and attaches it as a '' signature '' to the message .
The 1957 Formula One season was the eighth season of FIA Formula One motor racing . It featured the 1957 World Championship of Drivers which commenced on January 13 , 1957 and ended on September 8 after eight races .
Blue mass , a pill or syrup in which mercury is the main ingredient , was prescribed throughout the 19th century for numerous conditions including constipation , depression , child-bearing and toothaches .
On June 24 - 26 , 2005 , Billy Graham began what he has said would be his last North American crusade , three days at the Flushing Meadows- Corona Park in New York City .
Fermi-Dirac and Bose -- Einstein statistics apply when quantum effects are important and the particles are '' indistinguishable '' .
She also learned the piano as a second instrument , and played the cello and the timpani .
A recipe is a set of instructions that describe how to prepare or make something , especially a culinary dish .
It was won by West Germany , who beat Argentina 1-0 in the final to win the World Cup for the third time .
Vlad the Impaler is alleged to have committed even more impalements and other tortures against invading Ottoman forces .
April 9 & ndash ; Following the death of Pope Gregory XI and riots in Rome calling for a Roman pope , the cardinals , who are mostly French , elect Pope Urban VI ( Bartolomeo Prignano , Archbishop of Bari ) as the 202nd Pope .
Poor health caused a slump in his play from late 1968 to late 1969 , but he recovered his form after having a kidney removed .
It is situated east of the Black Forest , 8 km north of Donaueschingen , and 6 km southeast of Villingen .
In Hamlin 's first restrictor plate race as a Nextel Cup driver , he beat all the previous year 's ( 2005 season ) pole winners in the 70-lap 2006 Budweiser Shootout .
Gosnell is a city in Mississippi County , Arkansas , United States .
This snake is infamous for being an invasive species responsible for devastating the majority of the native bird population in Guam .
Laura Ann Branigan ( July 3 , 1957 - August 26 , 2004 ) was an American singer-songwriter and actress of Italian and Irish ancestry .
It is one of the world 's rarest mammals .
In November 2007 , the Free Software Foundation released the Affero General Public License , a version of GPLv3 intended to close a perceived legal loophole associated with free software designed to be run over a network .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released May 30 , 2007 , on Def Jam Recordings .
WWE A.M. Raw , a Saturday night\/Sunday morning show , airs on the USA Network at 2 a.m. ET .
The Crab-eating Macaque ( Macaca fascicularis ) is a primarily arboreal macaque native to Southeast Asia .
Vesancy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
He scored a 9.7 thus securing gold for Japan .
A similar dish , the Parmo , which uses either pork or chicken , has developed within the country of England .
The guillotine remained the official method of execution in France until France abolished the death penalty in 1981 .
In 1987 , Kim Thayil of Soundgarden suggested that the two join forces .
( , ; born , , 24 December 1981 in Ust-Dzheguta , Karachay-Cherkessia ) is a Russian pop artist .
In 2001 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland Hartwell and Sir Paul Nurse for their discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin-dependent kinases .
In a world in which ancient Greece , Egypt , and Rome have all vanished without trace Our own attributes ( name and sign ) live on today .
is the goddess of dawn and revelry in the Shinto religion of Japan .
A number of projects to develop computers based on the stored-program architecture commenced around this time , the first of these being completed in Great Britain .
The Prussian House of Lords was the first chamber of the Parliament of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1850-1918 .
Buckwheat hulls , or sobakawa ( also called sobagara ) , are used to fill pillows .
The Book of Amos is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible .
It was developed under the title The Next Big Thing by Media Molecule and was published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe .
Hume was born at Seven Hills ( his father 's property ) near Parramatta , a settlement close to ( and now a suburb of ) Sydney .
In 1937 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 6th WWCh in Stockholm ( +14 -- 0 = 0 ) .
Fierce Creatures (/O1997/O)
Notable tropical and subtropical grasslands include the Llanos grasslands of northern South America .
Some species have simple ocelli on the head , and all species have tiny bristles on the body to provide a sense of touch .
The location and status of Saudi Arabia 's boundary with the United Arab Emirates is not final ; a de facto boundary reflects a 1974 agreement .
Syngman Rhee or Yi Seungman ( March 26 , 1875 -- July 19 , 1965 ) was the first president of South Korea .
The ileum is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates , including mammals , reptiles , and birds .
Lynn , B (/O1984/O) '' Cutaneous nociceptors '' in Holden , AV & Winlow , W The neurobiology of pain .
Galway ( ) or City of Galway ( Cathair na Gaillimhe ) is a city in County Galway , Republic of Ireland .
Magnieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Animals whose teeth are all of the same type , such as most non-mammalian vertebrates , are said to have homodont dentition , whereas those whose teeth differ morphologically are said to have heterodont dentition .
However , the table margins , border and font-size must be precisely set to match a typical image display .
Wagner married twice , to Ellen Drexel and Gudrun Mack .
Its name comes from the Arabic word meaning '' middle , '' as it lies along the Tigris about midway between Baghdad and the Basra .
In addition , some suggest that the Bronze-tailed Barbthroat ( T. n. loehkeni ) should also be considered a valid species and include the doubtful Christina 's Barbthroat ( T. n. christinae ) as a subspecies .
One of the first mutual funds of its kind , GMFO will allow the over four million Grameen bank members , as well as non-members , to buy into Bangladesh 's capital markets .
Student body profile The university has 26,083 undergraduate and 14,959 graduate students in 600 academic programs , and each year about 5,400 new students are enrolled out of almost 30,000 applicants , of which almost 42 % are admitted .
It is a sterile triploid form , possibly of the eastern Mediterranean autumn-flowering Crocus cartwrightianus that originated in Central Asia .
( )
Season Three received a similar positive critical reception to that of the previous seasons .
The second problem started on lap 9 when Hamilton encountered a gearbox problem , which meant that he was stuck in neutral and could not select any gears .
PEN is a non-governmental organization in formal consultative relations with UNESCO and Special Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations .
Dejima was built to constrain foreign traders as part of '' sakoku '' self-imposed isolationist policy .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
He then went on to attend the independent school Cheltenham College , followed by the British American Drama Academy .
Walter Scheel ( born 8 July 1919 ) is a German politician ( FDP ) .
Cowpox is a skin disease caused by a virus known as the Cowpox virus .
Extended warranties are not usually provided through the manufacturer but are extended through independent administrators . In some circumstances it may work to the consumer 's benefit having an assurance to the product from a company outside of place of purchase and\/or service .
The Achaemenid Empire ( c. 550 - 330 B.C.E. ) , , also known as the Persian Empire , was the successor state of the Median Empire , expanding to eventually rule over significant portions of the ancient world which at around 500 B.C.E. stretched from the Indus Valley in the east , to Thrace and Macedon on the northeastern border of Greece .
Mystery plays and Miracle plays ( which are two different things ) are among the earliest formally developed plays in medieval Europe .
Mont is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
They are a popular sport fish , though elusive .
References Fischer 's 1970 statement before the Senate George D. Fischer and Walter F. Mondale , '' Indian Education-A National Disgrace , '' Today 's Education , LIX ( March , 1970 ) , p. 26 .
Susan George ( born 29 June 1934 ) is a well-known political scientist and writer on global social justice , Third World poverty , underdevelopment and debt .
-- )
Villeneuve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Other terms are penitentiary , correctional facility , and jail ( or gaol ) , although in the United States '' jail '' and '' prison '' usually refer to different subtypes of correctional facility .
The meet-in-the-middle attack uses a space-time tradeoff to find the cryptographic key in only encryptions ( and space ) versus the expected encryptions ( but only space ) of the naive attack .
Eraclea is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
Blue Ridge Manor is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
These animals are principally found in Sichuan and display the typical stark black and white contrasting colors .
They are known as the Five Sisters .
The first world championship was held in Amsterdam in 2003 and was won by Iepe Rubingh .
The project began to see major contributions after 150,000 + articles in the original English Wikipedia and articles in each of seven other languages had been created .
He is the elder son of the late Marxist theorist Ralph Miliband .
OGC Nice , a French football club based in Nice
The steel mill has since been demolished to make way for the national headquarters of American Honda Motor Company , but the once double-tracked Torrance line was reballasted and rerailed with used welded rail in 2003 and is still in use for local runs by the Union Pacific Railroad .
The Wandering Albatross is the largest member of the genus Diomedea ( the great albatrosses ) , one of the largest birds in the world , and is one of the best known and studied species of bird in the world .
Oldfield Thomas , Catalogue of the Marsupialia and Monotremata in the Collection of the British Museum ( Natural History ) Dept of Zoology (/O1888/O) , Taylor and Francis , London Catalogue of the Marsupialia ... full text retrieved 3\/21\/2007Oldfield Thomas F. R. S. , The History of the Collections Contained in the Natural History Departments of the British Museum Vol .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In 1850 , the family decided to send Tchaikovsky to the Imperial School of Jurisprudence in St. Petersburg .
Chocolate syrup is a chocolate flavored condiment . It is often used as a topping for various desserts , such as ice cream or mixed with milk to make chocolate milk .
The band 's heavy riffing , grunge reminiscent hard rock music found them immediate success in 1992 with the release of their debut album Core .
Olga 's siblings were Grand Duchesses Tatiana , Maria , Anastasia , and Tsarevich Alexei of Russia .
Pompey 's two sons , the most important of whom was Sextus Pompeius , and the Pompeian faction , led now by Labienus , survived and fought for their cause in the name of Pompey the Great .
Hilton is said to have been inspired to write Lost Horizon , and to invent '' Shangri-La '' by reading the National Geographic Magazine articles of Joseph Rock , an Austrian-American botanist and ethnologist exploring the southwestern Chinese provinces and Tibetan borderlands .
The Christians ' meeting places and other properties were to be returned : ... the same shall be restored to the Christians without payment or any claim of recompense and without any kind of fraud or deception ...
It may also refer to a spherical representation of the celestial sphere , showing the apparent positions of the stars and constellations in the sky ( celestial globe ) .
The film chronicles his rise to the top of Miami 's criminal underworld and subsequent downfall in tragic Greek fashion .
At the fall of the monarchy , she escaped revolutionary Russia .
Somehow he did convince Shaw to give him the rights to his plays , beginning with Pygmalion ( 1938 ) , which was an enormous international hit , both critically and financially .
The Baptism of Christ , now housed in the Uffizi , was painted in 1474-75 .
Lee Dong-Gook ( born April 29 1979 in Pohang , South Korea ) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors .
Zhou Dunyi , Neo-Confucian philosopher in Song Dynasty China ( b. 1017 )
Burge 's departure resulted in changes in the story structure of the show , from a '' demon of the week '' system to using third - or half - season-long story arcs .
Dirac made fundamental contributions to the early development of both quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics .
Their semi-major axes ( distances from Jupiter ) range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 and 154.8 , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
The wisent ( ; Bison bonasus ; ) , also known as the European bison , is a species of Eurasian bison .
all of Rhode Island and parts of New Hampshire ; it is home to 7.5 million people , making it the fifth-largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States .
The Silk Road extends from Guangzhou , located in southern China , to present day Brunei , Myanmar ( Burma ) Thailand , Malacca , Ceylon , India , Pakistan , the Philippines , Iran and Iraq .
All three songs have been released as singles in various forms .
The Last Olympian is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology by Rick Riordan , published on May 5 , 2009 .
Reception A Vulcan Statue located in Birmingham , Alabama is the largest cast iron statue in the world .
Such a creation of new ethnicity from disparate elements is a common feature of ethnogenesis .
Initially , the details of the algorithm were kept secret -- proprietary to RSA Security -- but on 29th January , 1996 , source code for RC2 was anonymously posted to the Internet on the Usenet forum , sci .
The other five BBC performing groups are the BBC Philharmonic , the BBC National Orchestra of Wales , the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra , the BBC Concert Orchestra , and the BBC Singers .
In addition to his racing duties , Badoer was one of the active test and reserve drivers for Ferrari from 1998 to 2010 and in 2009 stood in for Ferrari 's regular race driver Felipe Massa at the European Grand Prix and the Belgian Grand Prix , after the Brazilian was injured during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix and his original replacement , Michael Schumacher , pulled out due to injury .
It was not until 1994 and 1995 that other early contributors in the genre began to emerge from different regions of Europe as well as in Israel .
According to tradition Kruger was born at Bulhoek , his grandfather 's farm was approximately 15 km west of the town of Steynsburg and 100 km to the north of Cradock in the Eastern Cape Province , and grew up on the farm Vaalbank .
Team Galactic are the crime syndicate in the Sinnoh region , which is the setting of the video games Pokémon Diamond and Pearl .
Family Dasyuridae : antechinuses , quolls , dunnarts , Tasmanian Devil , and relatives
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 Disney animated feature film , produced by Walt Disney and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures .
The central islands are predominantly coral cays , and those of the east are of volcanic origins .
On August 31 , 2004 , Disney released an '' enhanced soundtrack '' to coincide with the release of the film 's 2-Disc Special Edition DVD .
In the medieval mystery plays the right side of the stage symbolised Heaven and the left side symbolised Hell .
Alba Iulia ( , , ) is a city in Alba County , Transylvania , Romania with a population of 66,747 National Institute of Statistics , located on the Mure River .
In 1828 he was elected to the lower house of the New Hampshire General Court , the New Hampshire House of Representatives .
It has a population of 4,492 ( 2002 Census ) , making it the most populated atoll in this small country .
Holmes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Despite being morphologically simple , lacking a skeleton and usually being sessile , cnidarians prey on fish and crustaceans .
Estinnes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Set '' a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away '' , the film follows a group of freedom fighters known as the Rebel Alliance who are plotting to destroy the powerful Death Star space station , a weapon capable of destroying a planet , created by the evil Galactic Empire .
The Mario series of video games has sold more than 200 million copies ( 201 million as of 2009 ) , making it the best-selling video game franchise of all time .
The word comes from the akademeia , just outside ancient Athens , where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato as a center of learning .
However , D-H key exchange did not address the problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person ( or ` entity ' ) .
His fleet consisted of hundreds of junks and ships of various sizes , with roughly 25,000 soldiers and sailors aboard .
Wii Sports Resort is a sports video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console , and is the direct sequel to Wii Sports .
A Chapel Royal is a department of the Ecclesiastical Household of the monarch in right of either Canada or the United Kingdom , formally known as the royal Free Chapel of the Household .
When Hera discovered the deception , she cursed Echo to only repeat the words of others ( hence our modern word '' echo '' ) .
The song was composed by Ryan Tedder , Evan Bogart , and Knowles .
Louis ' daughter Mary becomes Queen of Hungary .
Other names for town square are civic center , city square , urban square , market square , public square , Platz ( from German ) , plaza ( from Spanish ) , piazza ( from Italian ) , and place ( from French ) .
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award , or Super Bowl MVP , is an award presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl , the National Football League 's ( NFL ) championship game .
Gino Lucetti ( August 31 , 1900 - September 17 , 1943 ) was an Italian anarchist and would-be assassin .
Peter Bosz ( born November 21 , 1963 in Apeldoorn , Gelderland ) is a former football midfielder from the Netherlands currently serving as head coach of Dutch Eredivisie team Heracles Almelo .
It is about 7 km ( 5 miles ) south of Heidelberg and the third largest town of the Rhein-Neckar district after Weinheim and Sinsheim .
There are many other more unusual types of barometer .
Death Casals died in 1973 in San Juan , Puerto Rico , at the age of 96 and buried at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery .
Music Video References Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles .
A Chinese freighter broke in half as a result of the typhoon , though its crew of 46 were rescued .
In the end Achilles kills Hector .
The White Cliffs of Dover are cliffs which form part of the British coastline facing the Strait of Dover and France . The cliffs are part of the North Downs formation .
When the rioters had entered the Bastille , they collected cartridges and gunpowder for their weapons and then freed the seven prisoners ( which they had to do by breaking down the doors , since the keys had already been taken off and paraded through the streets ) .
Fingernails and toenails are made of a tough protein called keratin , as are animals ' hooves and horns .
is a Japanese company that designs , licenses and produces products focusing on the kawaii ( cute ) segment of Japanese popular culture .
The municipality is named after the Saanich First Nation , and means '' emerging land '' or '' emerging people '' .
Thomas was the founder and chief executive officer of Wendy 's Old Fashioned Hamburgers , a fast-food restaurant chain specializing in hamburgers .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
The Dow Chemical Company is the major employer in Freeport , and the city is home to the company 's largest integrated site .
The next day his body was hung on the door of the lock-up at Benalla and photographed by the press .
Religious services for the whole Order are held quadrennially ; new Knights and Dames Grand Cross are installed at these services .
Chatmon 's family was well-known in Mississippi for their musical talents ; Chatmon was a member of the family 's string band when he was young .
Episcopacy On 9 February 1976 , Hume was appointed Archbishop of Westminster , the highest ranking prelate in the Catholic Church in England and Wales , by Pope Paul VI .
The isorhythmic motet was perfected by Guillaume de Machaut , the finest composer of the time .
Most entertain themselves using '' Perky Pat '' dolls and accessories manufactured by Earth-based '' P.P. Layouts '' .
There have been Russians in the United Kingdom since the nineteenth century .
As a result , Ehud Olmert , the Deputy Prime Minister , was officially confirmed as the Acting Prime Minister of Israel . Olmert and the Cabinet announced that the elections would take place on 28 March as scheduled .
Mo ovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Tur ianske Teplice District in the ilina Region of northern Slovakia .
The 2004 playoffs were considered to be wide open with no clear favorite .
, in the sense of '' one who denies or disbelieves the existence of God '' , predates atheism in English , being first attested in about 1571 .
Cloverport is a city in Breckinridge County , Kentucky , United States , on the banks of the Ohio River .
Klaus-Dieter Sieloff ( born February 27 , 1942 in East Prussia ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player .
The new curtailed service left Strasbourg at 22.20 daily , shortly after the arrival of a TGV from Paris , and was attached at Karlsruhe to the overnight sleeper service from Amsterdam to Vienna .
In the U.S. , this shirt is often called a tuxedo shirt or tux .
All genera in this group are from the tribe Genisteae .
Rice represents its presence as the staple food of Bangladesh , and for the agriculture of that nation .
Frank Tischer - piano on The Savage Poetry
On stage , NIN often employs visual elements to accompany performances , which frequently include light shows .
Maisoncelles-Pelvey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1996/1997 season .
Zinc is the 24th most abundant element in the Earth 's crust and has five stable isotopes .
The creature forms a bond with Samus and follows her to her gunship , setting the plot for Super Metroid (/O1994/O) .
The manuscript is incomplete , with only seventy leaves of birch bark , many of which are mere scraps . Many remain undiscovered .
However , mass is actually an inertial property ; that is , the tendency of an object to remain at constant velocity unless acted upon by an outside force .
The film contains monologues of these women and dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran , ( and ) that authorize mistreatment of women , by showing them painted on women 's bodies .
Conrad Thomas Lant ( aka Cronos ) ( born 15 January 1963 , London ) is a British musician who is the vocalist and bass player of the influential black\/thrash metal band Venom , from 1979 to 1987 and from 1995 to this day .
The band was formed in 1988 after the death of Luca Prodan and the consequent dissolution of the band Sumo .
There , they were mistaken for merchants by a royal official .
Frances Fisher ( born 11 May 1952 ) is a British-born American actress .
Bridge was born in Brighton and studied at the Royal College of Music in London from 1899 to 1903 under Charles Villiers Stanford and others .
The Wall Street Journal critic Joe Morgenstern felt that despite the occasional misuse of enchantment- '' brief spasms of overproduced fantasy '' - the novel 's screen adaption was told with '' agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters '' .
In the following years Walter 's conducting reputation soared as he was invited to conduct across Europe - in Prague , in London where in 1910 he conducted Tristan und Isolde and Ethel Smyth 's The Wreckers at Covent Garden , and in Rome .
In 1974 , he was made assistant conductor of the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra .
En route to his martyrdom in Rome , Ignatius wrote a series of letters which have been preserved as an example of very early Christian theology .
The organization 's original primary goal was to overthrow the Egyptian Government and replace it with an Islamic state .
In the Netherlands , restrictions on the manufacture and sale of Absinthe were successfully challenged by the Amsterdam wine seller Menno Boorsma in July 2004 , making absinthe legal once again .
Ian Pretyman Stevenson , MD , ( October 31 , 1918 -- February 8 , 2007 ) was a Canadian biochemist and professor of psychiatry .
The Olive ( Olea europaea ) is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin , from Lebanon , Syria and the maritime parts of Turkey and northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
The litre ( or liter - see spelling differences ) is a unit of volume .
He won the Calder Trophy and Vezina Trophy in his first season , becoming the third player to win both awards in the same year .
A pioneer in the field , she was one of the first programmers of the Harvard Mark I computer , and she developed the first compiler for a computer programming language .
In the mid-1950s , Fitzgerald became the first African-American to perform at the Mocambo , after Marilyn Monroe had lobbied the owner for the booking .
( New York : Rutledge , 2005 ) , 224-5 ) , Alfred Hugenberg , leader of the party 's hardliner wing , became chairman .
)
Merlino started to participate in the militant anarchist movement in Italy during his university studies .
The reigning emperor was .
Most members of the genus have a stub tail with a white underside that shows when they are retreating , giving them their name '' cottontails . ''
Photometry of Irregular Satellites of Uranus and Neptune , The Astrophysical Journal , 613 , (/O2004/O) , pp .
Tom Chaplin ( born Thomas Oliver Chaplin , 8 March 1979 , Battle , East Sussex , England ) is a musician and composer , best known as the lead vocalist of the piano rock band , Keane .
Jessains is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Chesil Beach is a fine example of both a tombolo and a storm beach .
Tadanori Tsukawaki , the design director of The Shake Dimension , described Wario as manly , and said he was '' so uncool that he ends up being extremely cool '' .
Christina Aguilera used the Andrews Sisters ' '' Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy '' to inspire her song '' Candyman '' ( released as a single in 2007 ) from her hit album Back to Basics .
For example , neuroscientists have yet to fully explain the neural basis of consciousness , sleep , perception , learning and memory , neuroplasticity , and decision making .
A diplomat in Yangon told the Reuters news agency that the area around him looked like a ` war zone ' as a result of the cyclone .
There is no standard global definition of what a gifted student is .
Gianluca Pessotto ( born August 11 , 1970 in Latisana , Italy ) is a former footballer from Italy who played with Juventus for the majority of his career .
A small airport ( Bondangora Airport ) for private planes exists twelve kilometres east of Wellington .
He and others subsequently showed that the cyclins bind and activate a family of protein kinases , now called the cyclin-dependent kinases , one of which had been identified as a crucial cell cycle regulator by Paul Nurse .
Having achieved youthful success as a portrait painter , his later years were marked by personal tragedy and financial hardships .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Ben Weinreb and Christopher Hibbert (/O1983/O) The London Encyclopedia : 829 It currently starts at Trafalgar Square and runs east to join Fleet Street at Temple Bar , which marks the boundary of the City of London at this point , though its historical length has been longer than this .
An example of a self-synchronising stream cipher is a block cipher in cipher feedback ( CFB ) mode .
John Glover Roberts , Jr. ( born January 27 , 1955 ) is the 17th and current Chief Justice of the United States .
Energy conservation may result in increase of financial capital , environmental value , national security , personal security , and human comfort .
A week later , Rupert was announced as the winner of the '' America 's Tribal Council '' contest , receiving 85 % of the 38 million votes cast , winning a million dollars himself .
The history of Prague spans thousands of years , during which time the city grew from a castle known as Vy ehrad to the multicultural capital of a modern European state , the Czech Republic .
Main sights The Piazza Farinata degli Uberti , also known as Piazza dei Leoni ( '' Lions Square '' ) , is marked in its centre by a fountain by Luigi Pampaloni ( 1827 ) .
A simple example is when equally-spaced divisions on the vertical axis of a chart are labeled 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , instead of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .
October 21 , 2004 .
In classical electromagnetism , the electric potential ( denoted by , E or V ; also called the electrostatic potential ) at a point in space is electrical potential energy divided by charge that is associated with a static ( time-invariant ) electric field .
It is used mainly in the state of Assam in North-East India .
Kimonos made with exceptional skill from fine materials have been regarded as great works of art .
Governor is the head of the state .
The tournament , organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) , was created in 1939 by the National Association of Basketball Coaches , and was the brainchild of Kansas coach Phog Allen .
The site of Uruk was discovered in 1849 by William Kennett Loftus who led the first excavations from 1850 to 1854 .
Astana - The new capital of Kazakhstan In Kazakh and Russian , it is pronounced '' As-ta-na '' , while in English and many other languages , the common pronunciation is '' As-ta-na '' .
The Pilbara region 's economy is dominated by mining and petroleum industries .
The rarely used adjectival form of the name Eros is Erotian .
His father , John of Gaunt , was the third son of Edward III , and enjoyed a position of considerable influence during much of the reign of Richard II .
Summit Entertainment greenlit the sequel in late November 2008 , following the early success of Twilight .
He came from a wealthy municipal family of the equestrian order , and is widely considered one of Rome 's greatest orators and prose stylists .
Californication is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on June 8 , 1999 on Warner Bros. .
The numbered parameters , , , , ... , are the first 7 positional parameters passed from using : .
Etihad Airways was established as the national airline of the United Arab Emirates in July 2003 by Royal ( Amiri ) Decree issued by Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan .
The following are list of Boeing Commercial Airplanes & military airplanes .
It nests in trees or bushes , laying 3-8 eggs .
They debuted with their '' Nul Book Standard '' EP and then their '' 123 Nul EP '' on March 10 , 2003 , and later that year released their first single , '' First Day '' , on August 4 .
Chappelle 's Show was an American comedy television series created by comedian Dave Chappelle and Neal Brennan , with Chappelle hosting the show as well as starring in various skits .
The traditional recipe , registered in 1982 by the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina , confines the ingredients to beef , pancetta , onions , carrots , celery , tomato paste , meat broth , white wine , and milk or cream .
Zeus granted her wish , but she failed to ask for eternal youth for him and he wound up aging eternally .
Support for a large number of SATA\/RAID\/SCSI \/O/ NIC drivers ( thanks to the DriverPacks project ) .
Background Based in London , the College is one of the few remaining government heraldic authorities in Europe .
On May 12 , 2006 , Martin Lopez announced that he had officially parted ways with Opeth due to health problems , and was replaced by Martin Axenrot .
Babbage sought a method by which mathematical tables could be calculated mechanically , removing the high rate of human error .
Henry Robinson Luce ( April 3 , 1898 & ndash ; February 28 , 1967 ) was an influential American publisher .
Rachel sings a myriad of original songs during each episode , all the while signing the words .
He died of a kidney infection in New York on January 11 , 1941 , at the age of 72 , as a charity patient at the Mount Sinai Hospital .
The band eventually decided to remain signed to Epitaph , and the next year released its third album ... And Out Come the Wolves on August 22 , 1995 . The album quickly surpassed Let 's Go in terms of success , and reached number 45 on the Billboard 200 album chart .
However , the coyote is not able to bring down large animals , and the result of this lack of a top predator on these populations was a marked increase in lame and sick megafauna .
Locke accompanied William of Orange 's wife back to England in 1688 .
They also played the Glasgow date of MTV2 's and Topman 's '' Gonzo on Tour '' on 19 October 2008 .
Each train consists of two 4-car units coupled together ; trains are equipped for Automatic Train Operation ( ATO ) .
Precision is enhanced if measurements are taken on multiple samples from different locations of the rock body .
Horatio Gates Spafford ( October 20 , 1828 , Troy , New York - October 16 , 1888 , Jerusalem ) Source of middle name and birth/death information was a prominent American lawyer , best known for penning the Christian hymn It Is Well With My Soul , following a family tragedy in which four of his daughters died .
It changed its name to ` Conservative and Unionist Party ' in 1912 after merging with the Liberal Unionist Party , although the name is rarely used and it is generally referred to as simply ` The Conservative Party ' .
As the hill people lack awareness about the markets , they are unable to get a proper return .
The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL between 1988-1990 .
Nineteen Questions for Christian Clergy/Hristiyan Din Adamlarina Ondokuz Soru ( English ; Turkish ) .
From medieval times , beagle was used as a generic description for the smaller hounds , though these dogs differed considerably from the modern breed .
Cerium is a chemical element with the symbol Ce and atomic number 58 .
Eagle is a family of large birds of prey .
Klaus Fichtel ( born November 19 , 1944 in Castrop-Rauxel , Germany ) is a former German football player .
The 1951 Formula One season was the second season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
His best friend , Patrick Star , has been given a page on Facebook as well .
They are inexpensive and interchangeable , are supplied fitted with standard connectors , and can measure a wide range of temperatures .
It is famous for the bushranger Ned Kelly , who made his last stand and was eventually captured there in 1880 after a siege and shootout with police .
Pollen grains , which contain the male gametes ( sperm ) to where the female gamete ( s ) are contained within the carpel ; in gymnosperms the pollen is directly applied to the ovule itself .
A member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) , she was president of the People 's Chamber of the German Democratic Republic from April to October 1990 and as such the last head of state .
Established in 1991 , they started play in 1993 and are in the West Division of the National League .
The character of Sarah Jane , played by Sladen , appeared in Doctor Who from 1973 to 1976 , alongside Jon Pertwee as the Third Doctor and later Tom Baker as the Fourth Doctor .
IJNetwork is currently the only organization representing detainees at the Bagram Theater Internment Facility located in the U.S. Bagram Airbase in Afghanistan .
As of 2000 , the population was 191,268 .
Johnny Gilbert was an Australian bushranger shot dead by the police at the age of 23 near Binalong , New South Wales on May 13 , 1865 . John Gilbert was the only Australian bushranger to never been in a prison .
Pakistan joined the United Nations on 30 September , 1947 .
Another example is Sargassum , which creates unique habitats in the tropical waters of the Sargasso Sea .
Image : Gray235 .
Precedent and Analogy in Legal Reasoning , in Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
The Book of Haggai is named after its presumed author , the prophet Haggai .
It moved northwestward , becoming Tropical Storm Carla on the 5th and Hurricane Carla on the 6th .
The original concept was that , in months when the WWF was not holding one of its major PPV events ( WrestleMania , King of the Ring , SummerSlam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble , which at the time ran for three hours and retailed for $ 29.95 ) , they would offer a two-hour PPV , priced at $ 19.95 .
Leptospirosis ( also known as Weil 's disease , Weil 's syndrome , canicola fever , canefield fever , nanukayami fever , 7-day fever , Rat Catcher 's Yellows , Fort Bragg fever , and Pretibial fever ) is a bacterial zoonotic disease caused by spirochaetes of the genus Leptospira that affects humans and a wide range of animals , including mammals , birds , amphibians , and reptiles .
Nadal has won nine Grand Slam singles titles , the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles , a record 18 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments , and also was part of the Spain Davis Cup team that won the finals in 2004 , 2008 and 2009 .
is a Japanese girl group , whose act generally revolves around singing and dancing to upbeat melodies .
The Moberly-Jourdain incident , or the Ghosts of Petit Trianon or Versailles was an event that occurred on 10 August , 1901 in the gardens of the Petit Trianon , involving two female academics , Charlotte Anne Moberly ( 1846-1937 ) and Eleanor Jourdain ( 1863-1924 ) .
He also served as acting President of the Republic for most of 1951 .
Tinker Bell is given the task of delivering the music box to its original owner ( shown to be Wendy Darling ) .
February 27 -- American Revolution : Battle of Moore 's Creek Bridge : North Carolina Loyalists charge across Moore 's Creek bridge near Wilmington to attack what they mistakenly believe to be a small force of rebels .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
Humans now play a key role in the biosphere , with the large human population dominating many of Earth 's ecosystems .
The following September , in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower in Paris , he sang for an estimated crowd of 300,000 .
'' Colleges , Community Colleges , & Universities in Nebraska '' UnivSource .
Grime has received exposure from television stations including Channel U , Logan Sama 's show on London station Kiss FM and the BBC 's youth oriented digital radio station 1Xtra .
If the lever was pushed forward and the driver took his foot off the left pedal , the Model T entered high gear , but only when the handbrake lever was fully forward .
The St Kilda Football Club was formed on 2 April 1873 , containing many elements of the previous South Yarra Football Club which had disbanded a year earlier .
If there has been no disruptive behavior meriting the retention of that personal information , then the administrator can delete the page straight away in order to eliminate general public distribution of the history containing the information .
Opposition parties and leaders were subjected to varying degrees of official harassment ; some were assassinated .
The second One Night Stand , held on June 11 , 2006 , led to the official debut of the new ECW the following Tuesday .
This is a list of games in which a player has scored five or more goals in a National Hockey League game .
Yokoi was also responsible for the Game & Watch series of handhelds when Nintendo made the move from toys to video games .
It was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
She then signed to independent music label XL Recordings , which in January 2008 released her second single Chasing Pavements .
Michaelsberg Abbey or Michelsberg Abbey , also St. Michael 's Abbey , Bamberg ( or Michelsberg ) is a former Benedictine monastery in Bamberg in Bavaria , Germany .
The Palace of Whitehall was the main residence of the English monarchs in London from 1530 until 1698 when all except Inigo Jones 's 1622 Banqueting House was destroyed by fire .
The part occupied by Turkey remained for the most part theirs , as laid out in the terms of the subsequent Treaty of Kars .
In performing its role , Customs works closely with other government agencies such as the Australian Federal Police , the Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service , the Department of Immigration and Citizenship , the Department of Defence and the Australian Fisheries Management Authority .
In the introduction he gave full credit to Spencer , writing '' I have called this principle , by which each slight variation , if useful , is preserved , by the term Natural Selection , in order to mark its relation to man 's power of selection .
Political asylum is similar , but not identical , to modern refugee law , which deals with massive influx of population , while the right of asylum concerns individuals and is usually delivered in a case-to-case basis .
It is located on the River Wye , close to its confluence with the River Severn , and close to the western end of the Severn Bridge on the M48 motorway .
HEADING It may also refer to :
While both the small intestine and the large intestine have goblet cells , they are abundant in the large intestine .
These trams had smaller wheels to help reduce the overall height and were driven by high speed motors producing more torque .
The Tibetan Muslims , also known as the Kachee ( ; also spelled Kache ) , form a small minority in Tibet .
S.H.E is a Taiwanese girl group whose members are Selina Jen , Hebe Tien , and Ella Chen .
She was previously in a relationship with Adam Birch , better known by his ring name '' Joey Mercury '' .
Dialects include Dhundi-Kairali , Chibhali , Mirpuri , Jhelumi , Pindiwali and Punchhi ( Poonchi ) .
It is located in Laon , Picardy , France , and is the seat of the Bishop of Laon .
The LGN consists of six layers in humans and other primates starting from catarhinians , including cercopithecidae and apes .
Ava Helen Pauling , Linus 's wife , was a pacifist and in time he came to share her views .
Chassé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Jack Frasure Hyles ( September 25 , 1926 -- February 6 , 2001 ) was a leading figure in the Independent Baptist movement , having pastored the First Baptist Church of Hammond in Hammond , Indiana , from 1959 until his death .
It is the federal court of appeals for cases of tax and customs law , hearing appeals from the Finanzgerichte ( Finance Courts ) .
Pohjola performed in the late 1990 's at New York clubs such as the Blue Note , Birdland , the Five Spot , Smalls , The Jazz Standard and Visiones .
A cross-platform interchange is a type of interchange between different lines in a metro system .
Trio ( album ) , a Grammy Award winning , Multi-Platinum-selling 1987 recording by Linda Ronstadt , Dolly Parton and Emmylou Harris ; the group is also referred to as Trio
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
It is the county seat of Fulton County .
The Festival was founded in 1948 by the composer Benjamin Britten , the singer Peter Pears and the librettist Eric Crozier .
com After Bill Kaulitz 's participation in a children 's Star Search in 2003 at age thirteen ( which he lost in the quarter-final ) , he was discovered by music producer Peter Hoffmann .
The cathedral was constructed over the crypt of a former Visigothic chapel , dedicated to Saint James , which was the proprietary church of the Viscounts of Barcelona , one of whom , Mir Gerberto , sold the site to Bishop Guisleberto in 1058 .
The largest mangrove forest in the World the Sundarban is spread over the three districts of Satkhira , Khulna and Bagherhat .
They set up an empire , the Great Seljuq Empire , which at its height stretched from Anatolia through Persia and which was the target of the First Crusade .
Iwasaki left home to begin studying traditional Japanese dance at the Iwasaki okiya ( geisha house ) in the Gion district of Kyoto when she was only five years old .
He left his ownership in Wal-Mart to his wife and their children : Rob Walton succeeded his father as the Chairman of the Board of Wal-Mart , and John Walton was a director until his death in a 2005 plane crash .
At Survivor Series 2002 , Los Guerreros faced the new champions Edge and Rey Mysterio and the team of Angle and Benoit for the titles .
After gaining his degree Mallory stayed in Cambridge for a year writing an essay he later published as Boswell the Biographer (/O1912/O) .
He soon joined the '' Democratic-Republican '' faction led by Jefferson and Madison and by 1791 was the party leader in the Senate .
It serves passengers between state capital Melbourne and the regional cities of Sale and Bairnsdale .
Sinceny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In iwan mosques , one or more iwans face a central courtyard that serves as the prayer hall .
Spiro Theodore Agnew ( November 9 , 1918September 17 , 1996 ) was the 39th Vice President of the United States ( and the first Greek American to serve in that capacity ) , serving under President Richard Nixon , and the 55th Governor of Maryland .
It is located in Kundapura taluk of Udupi district .
Bundesliga ( II ) 1st ( promoted ) 2005-06 Bundesliga ( I ) 17th ( relegated ) 2006-07 2 .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
When opened it was named Great Queen Street .
Boris Vasilievich Spassky ( also Spasskij ; ; born January 30 , 1937 ) is a Soviet-French chess grandmaster .
He had two sons : Amaru Yupanqui and Tupac Inca Yupanqui .
Theodore William King ( born October 1 , 1965 ) is an American actor , formally credited as T.W. King .
It was produced by Charles\/Burrows\/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Network Television for NBC , having been created by the team of James Burrows , Glen Charles , and Les Charles .
Paul Mariner ( born May 22 , 1953 in Farnworth , Lancashire , England ) is a former association football player , who played as a centre forward for Plymouth Argyle , Ipswich Town , Arsenal and England during the 1970s and 1980s .
In 1912 , he took a sheaf of his translated works to England , where they impressed missionary and Gandhi protégé Charles F. Andrews , Anglo-Irish poet William Butler Yeats , Ezra Pound , Robert Bridges , Ernest Rhys , Thomas Sturge Moore , and others .
Nathaniel Hathorne was born in 1804 in the city of Salem , Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and Elizabeth Clarke Manning Hathorne .
His son Arikesari Parantaka Maravarman ( c. 650 - 700 ) had a long and prosperous rule .
Eventually the popes turned to others for support , especially the Franks .
Each side of the body contains red , orange , and white spots .
The 1951 Formula One season was the second season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Smaller parish councils have only limited resources and generally play only a minor role , while some larger parish councils have a role similar to that of a small district council .
In mathematics , analytic geometry ( also called Cartesian geometry ) describes every point in three-dimensional space by means of three coordinates .
Chickney is a village and a civil parish on the B1051 road , near the village of Broxted , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England .
The game 's graphics , aside from certain plot-related areas , are all randomly generated at the beginning of the game .
It is a direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller 's Standard Oil company , and was formed on November 30 , 1999 , by the merger of Exxon and Mobil .
Utsjoki is the northern end of highway 4 , the longest highway in Finland .
It is the only line on the Underground , except for the two-station Waterloo & City line , which is operated entirely underground , with the only section of track to emerge above ground being the route to the depot from Seven Sisters to Northumberland Park .
The earliest recorded use of the terms Christianity ( Greek ) and Catholic ( Greek ) , dates to this period , attributed to Ignatius of Antioch c. 107 .
Felids are the strictest carnivores of the sixteen mammal families in the order Carnivora .
Razorlight - '' Golden Touch ''
Can be naive , over-reliant , self-indulgent , gullible , fatalistic , materialistic .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
While it later found its audience on home video , Smith has said of the movie '' It was a six million dollar casting call for Chasing Amy ' '' .
The Under the Volcano Festival of Art and Social Change takes place annually in North Vancouver , British Columbia , in the same location where Malcolm Lowry wrote the novel .
The southern Dutch half comprises the Eilandgebied Sint Maarten ( Island Territory of St. Maarten ) and is part of the Netherlands Antilles .
The Formula One World Drivers ' Championship ( WDC ) is awarded by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) to the most successful Formula One racing car driver over a season , as determined by a points system based on Grand Prix results .
Kristen Jaymes Stewart ( born April 9 , 1990 ) is an American actress .
Structure and properties of abalone shell The shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong .
Female eagles laid eggs that were too brittle to withstand the weight of a brooding adult , making it nearly impossible for the eggs to hatch .
Rimons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Convicted witches were tied to a long pole , and burned alive .
He captured the 2006 Vezina Trophy as the NHL 's best goaltender , and is widely considered among the league 's elite at the position .
He is now regarded as the greatest composer of the Baroque , and as one of the greatest of all time .
It was to be piloted by JJ Lehto and Karl Wendlinger .
Cetaceans are the mammals best adapted to aquatic life .
Laines-aux-Bois is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Nurhaci reorganized and united various Manchu tribes , consolidated the Eight Banners military system , and eventually launched an assault on China proper 's Ming Dynasty and Korea 's Joseon Dynasty .
In standard Serbian and Macedonian , Ge always represents the voiced velar plosive , i.e. , it is pronounced like the g in English go .
Maru ( , Japanese : circle or round ) is a plump male Scottish Fold cat in Japan who has become a popular YouTube personality .
In the same year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in his French classes .
Some 1,400 civilians are believed to have died .
The area comprising the town of Carlisle was first settled by English colonialists in 1651 when the land was parcels of the neighboring towns of Acton , Billerica , Chelmsford and Concord .
Svevind owns 75 % of the project ; Enercon has a 25 % share and will build a wind tower production plant in the region , as well as a local office for service and maintenance .
The SS was distinguished from other branches of the German military , the National Socialist Party , and German state officials by its own rank structure , unit insignia , and uniforms .
The taboo was controversially broken in the 1996 television movie when the Eighth Doctor was shown kissing companion Grace Holloway .
'' The Tell-Tale Heart '' was reprinted several additional times during Poe 's lifetime .
For small bodies that are not internally differentiated , the surface and internal compositions are presumably similar , while large bodies such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta are known to have internal structure .
As such , the early modern period is often associated with the decline and eventual disappearance ( at least in Western Europe ) of feudalism and serfdom .
Charles Watson-Wentworth before 1733 , Viscount Higham between 1733 and 1746 , Earl of Malton between 1746 and 1750 and The Earl Malton in 1750 , was a British Whig statesman , most notable for his two terms as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
The term Lasi is a geographical name , which is applied to all the tribes other than Baloch and Brahvi , Med , Khoja and Hindus who are settled in Lasbela .
Europeans arrived in Indonesia from the 16th century seeking to monopolise the sources of valuable nutmeg , cloves , and cubeb pepper in Maluku .
Hurricane Gilbert was an extremely powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed during the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season and created widespread destruction in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
Imam Ali '' Eyes can not see Him , but he can be seen by the realities of faith '' Nahj al-Balagha .
Initially wrought iron wires were used , but today steel is the main material used for wire ropes .
After Liu Bei 's death later that year , Zhuge Jin 's brother Zhuge Liang , the regent for Liu Bei 's son and successor Liu Shan , reestablished the alliance with Sun Quan , and the two states would remain allies until Shu Han 's eventual destruction in 263 .
Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The R ngrado May First Stadium , or May Day Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang , North Korea , completed on May 1 , 1989 .
The structure of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) season is divided into the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs .
Turkic languages are spoken as a native language by some 165 to 180 million people ; and the total number of Turkic speakers is over 250 million , including speakers of a second language .
Davenport is one of the Quad Cities , along with neighboring Bettendorf and the Illinois cities of Moline , East Moline , and Rock Island .
Canonization , whether formal or informal , does not make someone a saint : it is only a declaration that the person is a saint and was a saint even before canonization .
Also , it is eliminated from the diet of patients having abdominal surgery and ulcers because of its irritating effect upon the intestines , being replaced by what is referred to as a bland diet .
Major roads and railway lines link the region to the south , west and north of Italy and the rest of Europe .
It was finally recovered on September 24 , 2003 , by Scott S. Sheppard on images obtained by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29-30 and September 20 of that year .
The Deuterocanonical books are considered canonical by Roman Catholics , but are considered non-canonical by most Protestants .
An illegal abortion may be called a '' back-alley '' , '' backstreet '' , or '' back-yard '' abortion .
Version 8.2 was released on July 24 , 2009 .
Bordering the Sulaiman Range to the north are the arid highlands of the Hindu Kush , with more than 50 percent of the lands there lying above 2,000 m ( 6,500 feet ) .
Tomohiko Ito ( born 28 May 1978 in Osaka ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Shonan Bellmare .
The village is located within the Town of Couderay .
See Special : Listusers/rollbacker for a list of users in this group .
Stem cells are located at the junction of the erector and the follicle , and are principally responsible for the ongoing hair production during a process known as the Anagen stage .
Einstein published more than 300 scientific papers along with over 150 non-scientific works .
Brown , Delmer et al .
He has appeared in Girls ' Generation 's music video '' Gee '' and featured in VNT 's debut music video , '' Sound '' .
Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
During this time at Cambridge , Dart was the most effective British supporter of the modern early music revival , in part through his influence on those who ultimately formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
Domenico Gaetano Maria Donizetti ( 29 November 1797 8 April 1848 ) was an Italian composer from Bergamo , Lombardy .
The Hassan II Mosque ( ) , located in Casablanca is the largest mosque in Morocco and the fifth largest mosque in the world after the Masjid al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) of Mecca and the Al-Masjid al-Nabawi ( Prophet 's Mosque ) in Medina .
Year 4 ( IV ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
These actions play a part in precipitating the Scottish Wars of Independence , which begin in 1296 .
The most important ( and , to a degree , the only surviving ) modern logographic writing system is the Chinese one , whose characters are or were used , with varying degrees of modification , in Chinese , Japanese , Korean , Vietnamese , and other east Asian languages .
In response to the disappointing season , nine of the Rams ' eleven defensive starters would be cut during the offseason , and Trent Green was traded to the Kansas City Chiefs .
When Lennon introduced White to George Harrison , he was asked to perform on the All Things Must Pass album .
Hampton University is a historically Black university located in Hampton , Virginia , United States .
Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Home Secretary realized that the nation 's police forces were wedded to obsolete methods and needed the invigorating shake-up that the young chief constable had already delivered in Hertfordshire ; Scotland Yard must not be left out .
Year 1579 ( MDLXXIX ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Once further into the organ , the cells are brought to specific placements on the creature 's hind body via intestinal protuberances .
Foreigner are a British-American rock band , originally formed in 1976 by veteran English musicians Mick Jones , ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald along with American vocalist Lou Gramm .
The much rarer successful mating of a male horse and a female donkey produces a hinny .
It is a suburb of Birmingham , located on the other side of Red Mountain due south of the city center .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
The SWAC is one of two conferences ( the other being the Ivy League ) that does not participate in the FCS football playoffs , and is the only one of the two whose members offer a full complement of scholarships for football .
Friendship is a town in Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin , United States .
Edubuntu CDs were previously available for free through their Shipit service .
On 14 May 2006 , the five GPMA-backed teams signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the commercial rightsholders ( CVC\/Ecclestone ) which formed the basis of the next Concorde Agreement .
A formula for soap consisting of water , alkali , and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
Metamorphic rock is the result of the transformation of an existing rock type , the protolith , in a process called metamorphism , which means '' change in form '' .
The novel opens with a distressed letter from Lady Howard to her long-time acquaintance , the Reverend Arthur Villars . In the letter , Lady Howard reports that Mme .
In 1946 and 1947 he worked in a mine and received a stonemason 's education .
He began wrestling in the World Wrestling Council , where he won the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship five times , as well as numerous secondary titles .
Most scholarly work on relationships focuses on romantic partners in pairs or dyads .
On 29 December 1170 they arrived at Canterbury .
Good graphic design avoids using color coding or using color contrasts alone to express information ; this not only helps color blind people , but also aids understanding by normally sighted people .
Vera Wang ( ; born June 27 , 1949 ) is an American fashion designer based in New York .
Saint-Yzans-de-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
She is also described as having the power of prophecy yet she does not reveal what she knows .
Paul Harvey 's The Rest of the Story .
John Clayton Mayer ( ; born October 16 , 1977 ) is an American musician , singer-songwriter , recording artist , and music producer .
The county has many traditional music festivals and one of the most well known is the Queen Maeve International Summer School , a traditional Irish Music summer school of music and dance which is held annually in August in Sligo Town .
Other , related , philosophical opinions about the existence of deity are ignosticism and skepticism .
During the Muromachi age ( 1392-1573 AD ) , the Kosode , a single kimono formerly considered underwear , began to be worn without the hakama ( trousers , divided skirt ) over it , and thus began to be held closed by an obi '' belt '' .
The third version was published in the later stages of the war , and after the independence of the Dutch Republic was confirmed in the Peace of Westphalia ( 1648 ) .
Calcium oxide ( CaO ) , commonly known as quicklime or burnt lime , is a widely used chemical compound .
This and Sartell 's nearby location to St. Cloud 's major retail center account for Sartell 's lack of a traditional '' downtown '' .
A major earthquake on 21 May 1950 caused severe localized damage in Cusco . The Dominican Priory and Church of Santo Domingo , which were built on top of the impressive Qoricancha ( Temple of the Sun ) , were among the colonial era buildings affected .
Dates Wikipedia does not use ordinal suffixes or articles , or put a comma between month and year .
The record attendance of 38,010 was set in an FA Cup tie against Leeds United in 1975 , when standing was permitted around the ground .
The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16 , 1846 to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom , ceding some land to Maharaja Gulab Singh Dogra .
In 1758 , the British mounted an attack on New France by sea and took the French fort at Louisbourg .
They were replaced in 2010 by Colin , Fiona , Igor , and Julia .
It has a population of almost five million , and includes the area often known as the West Country , and much of Wessex .
Her marriage bought in a wealth of treasures into the House of Medici which can today be seen in the Palazzo Pitti and the Uffizi Gallery in Florence .
Copper is also found in other copper proteins .
It might also be described as light purple .
Vanessa Hudgens confirmed in an October 2007 interview with Teen that she and Efron began dating in 2005 during the filming of High School Musical .
There are 35 species of pheasant in 11 genera .
James ` Jim ' Carey ( born May 31 , 1974 in Dorchester , Massachusetts ) , is a retired American ice hockey goaltender .
Pliocene -- Pleistocene
Puran tehsil comprises 9 Union Councils .
They made their live return to the UK on 30 September 2008 with a special gig in London as part of Q Awards : The Gigs .
County council , a council that governs a county in the British Isles
Cope 's beliefs later evolved to one with an increased emphasis on continual and utilitarian evolution with less involvement of a Creator .
AlignBars = justify
He raised seven children : three from his first marriage ; his sister Alice 's three children , adopted by Vonnegut after her death from cancer ; and a seventh , Lily , adopted with Krementz .
Well-known examples of such scales are :
Mountain Brook is a city in southeastern Jefferson County , Alabama , and a suburb of Birmingham .
The use of such words as '' complex '' , '' standard '' and '' proper '' in the context of such a visceral subject as written language arouses strong emotional reactions , especially since there are also political ramifications in this case .
The greatly increased funding from Red Bull , including the use of the Red Bull chassis and Ferrari engines , gradually led to improved results , culminating in Toro Rosso 's maiden win at the 2008 Italian Grand Prix .
According to the usage of the time , he took the name Louis Charles Antoine Desaix de Veygoux .
He made the final , but lost the final 2.5-1 .5 to Gata Kamsky .
Within each nation exists an order called '' Benders '' who have the ability to manipulate the eponymous element of their nation .
Unlike many other WWII-era bombers , the B-29 remained in service long after the war ended , with a few even being employed as flying television transmitters for the Stratovision company .
Christopher Jonathan James Nolan ( born 30 July 1970 ) is a British-American filmmaker , writer and producer .
Bauer investigated the sources of the New Testament and concluded that early Christianity owed more to ancient Greek philosophy ( Stoicism ) than to Judaism .
Homer is one of the most influential fictional characters on television , having been described by the British newspaper The Sunday Times as '' the greatest comic creation of modern time '' .
In September 2005 the PSNI established the Historical Enquiries Team to investigate the 3,269 unsolved murders committed during the Troubles .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
Quinn was elected to the office during the 2010 gubernatorial election , narrowly defeating Republican Bill Brady to serve his first full term as Governor .
The Archean is one of the four principal eons of Earth history .
How it works FEC is accomplished by adding redundancy to the transmitted information using a predetermined algorithm .
The Middle Neolithic ( c. 3300 BC -- c. 2900 BC ) saw the development of cursus monuments close to earlier barrows and the growth and abandonment of causewayed enclosures as well as the building of impressive chamber tombs such as the Maeshowe types .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
The Shih Tzu ( , from Mandarin ) is a breed of dog weighing 4 - with long silky hair .
The first major educational institution in the area was Columbia College , founded a few years earlier than the University of Oregon .
Year 1668 ( MDCLXVIII ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
In 2003 , Bilan released his debut album titled Nochnoy Huligan ( Night Hooligan ) , which included covers of '' Caruso '' by Lucio Dalla and '' Fever '' by Elvis .
The minute is not an SI unit ; however , it is accepted for use with SI units .
He produced more than 2,000 artworks , consisting of around 900 paintings and 1,100 drawings and sketches .
His funeral was on 16 January at Westminster Abbey , and it proved a controversial occasion because Hardy and his family and friends had wished for his body to be interred at Stinsford in the same grave as his first wife , Emma .
The Cathedral contains the world 's oldest working clock ( from AD 1386 ) and has one of the four surviving original copies of the Magna Carta ( all four original copies are in England ) .
In February 2009 , Manchester City Council announced that the sculpture would be dismantled and placed in storage , as the '' only practical alternative '' .
On Census day ( 29 April 2001 ) there were 11,139 people living in Dungannon .
Montaillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
; Judge Dredd ( DC Comics ) DC Comics published an alternative version of Judge Dredd between 1994 and 1995 , lasting 18 issues . Continuity and history were different to both the original 2000 AD version and the 1995 film .
Malcolm ` Mal ' Evans ( b. Malcolm Frederick Evans , 27 May 1935 , d. 5 January 1976 ) is best known as the road manager , assistant , and a friend of The Beatles : John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison , and Ringo Starr .
On 19 October 2010 , Swenson Granite , based in Concord , New Hampshire , announced that it and Rock of Ages had agreed to merge . Swenson paid Rock of Ages shareholders a total of $ 39 million .
Soviet ballet preserved the perfected 19th century traditions , and the Soviet Union 's choreography schools produced one internationally famous star after another , including Maya Plisetskaya , Rudolf Nureyev , and Mikhail Baryshnikov .
Evil Genius is a novel written by Catherine Jinks and published in 2005 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
Moore , p. 81 Coaching career After the war , he returned to his position at Medford High School .
After graduating from Starfleet Academy 's medical school , Beverly married Lieutenant Jack Crusher , who served under Captain Jean-Luc Picard on the USS Stargazer .
August 18 & ndash ; Two of the four rebellious Scottish lords , Earl of Kilmarnock and Lord Balmeniro , are beheaded in the Tower ( Lord Lovat was executed in 1747 ) .
Elections to the new authorities were held on three different Thursdays in 1973 .
In logic and formal semantics , denotation always attracts the extension meaning of the intension \/O/ extension pair , but the other element genuinely varies .
Major achievements included the development of the polio vaccine in the 1950s and the eradication of smallpox during the 1960s and 1970s .
Clarisse , the daughter of Ares and longtime enemy of Percy , is given the quest to go to the Sea of Monsters to find the Golden Fleece .
Although they were first discovered in 1883 , a common name does not yet exist for the taxon ; the scientific name literally means '' flat animals '' .
Mazsalaca is a town in Mazsalaca municipality , Vidzeme , Latvia with 2412 inhabitants .
This period of history was marked by turmoil in much of the world , as Europe struggled to recover from the devastation of the First World War .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
On January 11 , 2006 , Piper announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer .
The most likely outcome of coalition talks was a so-called '' grand coalition '' between the Christian democrats ( CDU/CSU ) and the social democrats ( SPD ) , with the three smaller parties ( liberals , greens and the left ) in the opposition .
Application This rule is applied in the language Occidental .
History Actinium was discovered in 1899 by André-Louis Debierne , a French chemist , who separated it from pitchblende as a substance being similar to titanium ( 1899 ) or similar to thorium ( 1890 ) .
Numerous movies were filmed at the park , including portions of This is Cinerama , the first feature filmed in the wide-screen format , and a string of Esther Williams films and TV specials in the 1950s and 1960s .
The Great Dividing Range extends from Victoria in the south through New South Wales to Queensland , parallel to the narrow coastal plain .
As legions were not standing units until the Marian reforms ( c. 107 BC ) , and were instead created , used , and disbanded again , several hundred legions were named and numbered throughout Roman history .
It was followed in 1961 by the novella Cat and Mouse ( Katz und Maus ) and in 1963 by the novel Dog Years ( Hundejahre ) , which together with The Tin Drum form what is known as The Danzig Trilogy .
Headsets provide the equivalent functionality of a telephone handset with hands-free operation .
Palmetto is a city in Manatee County , Florida , United States .
In 1778 England was again at war , and Phillip was recalled to active service , and in 1779 obtained his first command , the Basilisk .
He was also the winner of the WWF 's first ever Kuwaiti Cup .
But after 25 March 2008 that did not work anymore .
This makes it possible to locate the outflow boundary when using precipitation mode on a weather radar .
Medio Campidano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia , Italy .
His tenure with the BBC SO began with the First Night of the 2006 Proms .
In 1977 the state was split into two halves , with Mato Grosso do Sul becoming a new state .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the 2008 season .
After completing his theory of special relativity , Albert Einstein realized that forces felt by objects undergoing constant proper acceleration are actually feeling themselves being accelerated , so that , for example , a car 's acceleration forwards would result in the driver feeling a slight pressure between himself and his seat .
Barry Dickins ( born 1949 ) is an Australian author , artist and playwright .
Jack 's Back official website Singing career In 1999 , Chase joined a small band as lead singer and took the stage as the opening act for Reba McEntire .
In engineering and thermodynamics , a heat engine performs the conversion of heat energy to mechanical work by exploiting the temperature gradient between a hot '' source '' and a cold '' sink '' .
Contents of an imprint may include semantic memory , muscle memory , skills , and language , as appropriate for different assignments ( referred to as engagements ) .
DVD releases have been somewhat basic : only the U.S. '' Every Stoopid Episode '' edition featured documentaries and no extra footage was included .
Instead , Henry would be required to ask for the lands from Richard .
Fluency shaping therapy , also known as '' speak more fluently '' , '' prolonged speech '' or '' connected speech '' , trains stutterers to speak fluently by controlling their breathing , phonation , and articulation ( lips , jaw , and tongue ) .
Rapper Ludacris has also helped spread awareness of the 2010 Census . The Census Bureau hired about 635,000 people to try to obtain census information from those living in the US that failed to return their forms ; as of May 28 , 2010 , 113 census workers have been victims of crime while conducting the census .
Mogadishu remained the capital of Italian Somaliland throughout the existence of the latter , and became the capital of independent Somalia in 1960 .
In 1989 the Rolling Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , and in 2004 they ranked number 4 in Rolling Stone magazine 's 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .
Wind gusts from Erin were minor across the state , peaking at 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) at Palacios with an unofficial report of 39 mph ( 63 km\/h ) at Jamaica Beach .
Boeing delivered a total of 1,011 Boeing 707s including a smaller , faster model of the aircraft that was marketed as the Boeing 720 .
Economy Much of the province 's agriculture is geared towards the production of food , primarily cattle , potatoes and fruit .
David Keith Lynch ( born January 20 , 1946 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer , painter , cartoonist , composer , video artist , performance artist , and weatherman .
The ensuing fight ends after Simba throws Scar off a cliff .
She is the oldest of three siblings ; two younger brothers , Rorrey and Rajad Fenty .
Haley Joel Osment ( born April 10 , 1988 ) is an American actor .
Many songs were adaptations of poetry written by Australian bush poets including Henry Lawson and Banjo Paterson .
Early life Beck was born in Los Angeles , California to David Campbell , a Canadian musician , and Bibbe Hansen , a visual artist .
It often results from the bacterial breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in swamps and sewers ( anaerobic digestion ) .
Weill fled Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a 2003 Walt Disney Pictures comedy film based on the Disney Channel show Lizzie McGuire which was released on May 2 , 2003 , by Walt Disney Pictures .
Some modern experts such as Ernst Mayr , Jerry Coyne and H. Allen Orr , argue that Wagner pioneered the idea geographical speciation , and that Darwin had not appreciated it .
There are 12 species and 5 subspecies recognized .
Screaming Life is the debut EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden , released in October 1987 through Sub Pop Records .
It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha .
Marbury v. Madison was the first time the Supreme Court declared something '' unconstitutional '' , and established the concept of judicial review in the U.S. ( the idea that courts may oversee and nullify the actions of another branch of government ) .
'' My Lover '' was a re-cut single from Go !
In physics , the field strength of a field is the magnitude of its vector value .
History Formation The band name is a portmanteau of Jam session and '' iroquai '' , based on the Iroquois , a Native American tribe .
The band was formed by frontman Gerard Way and drummer Matt Pelissier approximately one week after the September 11 attacks .
Researchers have developed more sensitive diagnostics , such as real-time PCR and improved culture methods that have enabled them to identify pathogens in pasteurised milk .
Mysterio won the 2006 Royal Rumble match , last eliminating Orton , to earn a World Championship match at WrestleMania .
In 2000 , a special section of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) was devoted to '' evo-devo '' , and an entire 2005 issue of the Journal of Experimental Zoology Part B : Molecular and Developmental Evolution was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty .
On the other hand , Lesotho is an enclave in South Africa , but it is not politically attached to anything else , meaning that it is not an exclave .
They play their home matches at Arena Garibaldi - Stadio Romeo Anconetani , named after Romeo Anconetani , the chairman who brought and led the club in Serie A during the 1980s and the 1990s .
Today it is the administrative center of the district of Lippe and of Regierungsbezirk Detmold .
They are known for such songs as '' Walkin ' on the Sun '' ( 1997 ) and '' All Star '' ( 1999 ) .
Basil is sometimes used with fresh fruit and in fruit jams and sauces -- in particular with strawberries , but also raspberries or dark-colored plums .
By 1830 there were 36 and Native Americans still occupied large areas of land in northeast and far western Alabama .
Some buildings are still used as embassy branch offices or consulates .
Surfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
See Galbraith , pp .
Originally , the name lavender only applied to flowers .
Tendons are similar to ligaments and fascia as they are both made of collagen except that ligaments join one bone to another bone , and fascia connect muscles to other muscles .
A private bill is a proposal for a law that would apply to a particular individual or group of individuals , or corporate entity .
Brown , Delmer et al .
Zeus ' wife , Hera , a goddess jealous of usurpers , discovered his affair with Semele when she later became pregnant .
Mohammad Shah Qajar , ( b. 1810 -- d. 1848 ) Shah from 1834 to 1848
Users tear the side or top and squeeze the ketchup out of the ketchup packets .
If commercial orbital transportation services are unavailable , Orion would handle logistic flights to the station .
Any other relationship does not enjoy legal protection ; the woman is essentially a mistress .
In other words , EJB QL queries do not use tables and their components , but enterprise beans , their persistent state , and their relationships .
Karl Carstens ( 14 December 1914 -- 30 May 1992 ) was a German politician .
Palms first appear in the fossil record around 80 million years ago , during the late Cretaceous Period .
Many years later , when Max is in middle school , he finds out that Freak and his mother , Guinevere ( referred to as '' The Fair Gwen '' after King Arthur 's wife ) are moving into the house next door .
Zakarpattia Oblast was formally established on 22 January 1946 after the annexation of Subcarpathian Rus lands to the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic .
He soon awakened in Mictlan to meet the Aztec god of death Mictlantecuhtli and the Aztec god of dreams Tezcatlipoca .
It is the largest independent cinema festival in the United States .
Thus , the Republic of Ireland now has thirty-four ` county-level ' authorities , although the borders of the original twenty-six counties are still officially in place [ ] .
As of December 2010 , Rugrats reruns still air sporadically on Nickelodeon 's main channel as well as Nicktoons .
Etymology The name Oklahoma comes from the Choctaw phrase okla homma , literally meaning land of the red people .
Edward 's death was kept secret for a few days until Jane could be brought to be proclaimed queen .
Pope Leo XIII ( 2 March 1810 - 20 July 1903 ) , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci to an Italian comital family , was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , reigning from 1878 to 1903 in succession to Pope Pius IX .
The entire length of the qin ( in Chinese measurements ) is 3 chi , 6 cun and 5 fen ; representing the 365 days of the year ( though this is just a standard since qins can be shorter or longer depending on the period 's measurement standard or the maker 's preference ) .
Year 1443 ( MCDXLIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Town criers were protected by the ruling monarch , as they sometimes brought bad news such as tax increases .
In 1958 it was converted into a safari camp for tourists .
'' So Damn Clever '' - 3:03
Anna Snitkina , a stenographer who would soon become his second wife , was a great help for Dostoevsky during this difficult task .
Alberto Reynaldo Gonzales ( born August 4 , 1955 ) was the 80th Attorney General of the United States .
The next one occurs in 1866 , and the following one will occur 2113 .
The title '' Prime Minister '' had made its first formal appearance in the 1873 Schedule of the Civil List Act , but originally the Prime Minister was entitled Colonial Secretary or First Minister .
Post-graduation , he was assigned to Luostari airbase in Murmansk Oblast , close to the Norwegian border , where terrible weather made flying risky .
It is convenient to classify variable stars as belonging to one of two types :
It was subsequently acquired by the Emperor Rudolf II and taken to Prague .
Her 2004 autobiography , How to Make Love Like a Porn Star : A Cautionary Tale , spent six weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list .
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders are a family of sleep disorders affecting , among other things , the timing of sleep .
Public toilet installation concerns Unlike many other metro systems around the world , '' main line '' MTR stations do not have toilet facilities available for public use , although their installation has been contemplated .
While odor feelings are very personal perceptions , individual reactions are related to gender , age , state of health , and private affectations .
Eric had two sisters ; Marjorie , five years older , and Avril , five years younger .
Gaius Julius Caesar ( 13 July 100 BC - 15 March 44 BC ) was a Roman general and statesman .
JFDuke3D -- port to Windows\/Linux\/Other (/O2005/O)
In the election , the two leading opposition figures , Kim Young-sam and Kim Dae-jung ( both of whom later became presidents ) , were unable to overcome their differences and split the vote .
The party returned on 18 December and wisely keeping more to the west had an easier journey .
Its programs are primarily from MBC 's flagship AM station DZRH .
It is known for the water-cure of Sebastian Kneipp ( \* 1821 , 1897 ) , a Catholic priest , who was living there for 42 years .
Beginners and advanced players often have better forehands than any other shots and use it as a weapon .
John William '' Johnny '' Bower ( born John Kiszkan on November 8 , 1924 in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan ) , nicknamed '' The China Wall '' , is a Hockey Hall of Fame goalie .
It is commonly used medicinally as a calcium supplement or as an antacid , but excessive consumption can be hazardous .
She is attracted to young , handsome , romantically spirited Willoughby and does not think much of the older , more reserved Colonel Brandon .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra ( and the fourth oldest in the world ) , supports a choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
Cameron is also an active Christian evangelist , currently partnering with Ray Comfort in the evangelical ministry The Way of the Master , and has co-founded The Firefly Foundation with his wife , actress Chelsea Noble .
Sodium chlorate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula ( NaClO3 ) .
The design was widely acclaimed and won him a D&AD yellow pencil ( the gold award ) in 1997 .
The ancient Greeks adapted this image and applied their own name for a male monster , the '' strangler '' , an archaic figure of Greek mythology .
He was also a very strict disciplinarian .
Brawl .
The city grew after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 and its designation as the capital of the then French colony in 1933 .
He became a member of the Papal Choir , serving first Pope Martin V , and then after the death of Pope Martin in 1431 , Pope Eugene IV .
On April 10 , 1991 , a weak tropical storm formed in the eastern South Atlantic , recorded by weather satellites off the coast of Angola .
The thirty-seven-year history of the USSR KGB ended when its Chairman , Col.-Gen . Vladimir Kryuchkov , led the 19 -- 21 August 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt to depose Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev .
His famous recording of Schumann 's Dichterliebe remains a gold standard of this genre .
In 1999 the American Film Institute named Dietrich the ninth greatest female star of all time .
For vehicles with more than four wheels , AWD means all wheels drive the vehicle , to varying degrees of engagement , while 4WD means only four of the wheels drive the vehicle continuously .
Marie Curie ( 1867 -- 1934 ) , Polish-French chemist and physicist , two time Nobel Prize winner
There is no uniform for a female lord-lieutenant , but there is a badge which can be worn on ceremonial occasions .
Attractions Resorts and health care Odessa is a popular tourist destination , with many therapeutic resorts in and around the city .
Dundee United Football Club is a Scottish professional football club located in the city of Dundee .
Some geographic areas may support unique populations of E. coli and conversely , some E. coli strains are cosmopolitan .
Keyshia Michelle Cole ( born October 15 , 1981 ) is an American recording artist .
YCDTOTV is also known for cast members who became future performers including pop recording artist Alanis Morissette and prime-time actress Klea Scott .
Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line , and opened in 1893 .
The band consists of Ben Gibbard ( vocals , guitar ) , Chris Walla ( guitar , production ) , Nick Harmer ( bass ) and Jason McGerr ( drums ) .
Career Feature and animation films While still working on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Benson wrote , directed , produced , edited , and acted in a digital video feature called Chance ( 2002 ) which also featured her Buffy co-star James Marsters .
Hames-Boucres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
This may improve performance slightly in a system used by a single user , but may dramatically increase performance in a system with many users making widely varied requests on the disk surface .
These were later replaced by dormitory housing ( '' spikes '' ) provided by local boroughs , and these were researched by the writer George Orwell .
Prince Carl Philip of Sweden , at his birth in 1979 , was heir apparent to the throne of Sweden .
UCLA Language materials Project page : Armenian It differs orthographically from Eastern Armenian , there are also phonological differences .
Shock ( circulatory ) , a circulatory medical emergency
A headset is a headphone combined with a microphone .
The reading of the Passion from one of the Gospels during Holy Week dates back at least to the 4th century and is described by Egeria .
On a previous occasion , Borat responded to such official complaints by issuing his own '' press release '' , which consisted of randomly arranged Cyrillic characters .
Pittsburgh Penguins -- Atlantic Division champion , 102 points
A cross-section , or section is also an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a plane through the object .
Theria ( , from the Greek , wild beast ) is a subclass of mammals that give birth to live young without using a shelled egg , including both eutherians ( placental mammals ) and metatherians ( marsupials and their ancestors ) .
In order to enable the provision of a German press , we demand , that : a. All writers and employees of the newspapers appearing in the German language be members of the race : b. Non-German newspapers be required to have the express permission of the State to be published .
In 2008 , The Guardian heralded Lanark as '' one of the landmarks of 20th-century fiction . ''
Though ostensibly a manifestation of the traditional Roman sun god , the cult of Sol Invictus as practiced in the later Empire owed much to those of eastern deities , in particular Mithras .
The last years of Galerius saw him relinquishing his aspirations towards being the supreme emperor of the empire , though he managed to retain the position of first among equals .
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius ( ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 ) is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov ( ) .
Elfman is famous for creating The Simpsons main title theme , and his role as Jack Skellington 's singing voice in The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Robinson was born on January 31 , 1919 , into a family of sharecroppers in Cairo , Georgia , during a Spanish flu and smallpox epidemic .
The main characters are Australopithecus afarenses , an extinct , mostly tree-dwelling hominid that existed before the use of tools and fire .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bismuth has unusually low toxicity for a heavy metal . As the toxicity of lead has become more apparent in recent years , alloy uses for bismuth metal , as a replacement for lead , have become an increasing part of bismuth 's commercial importance .
According to the Hebrew Bible , God promised Abraham to make of his offspring a great nation .
His most popular works include I Am the Cheese , After the First Death , We All Fall Down and The Chocolate War , all of which have won awards .
The tesseract is to the cube as the cube is to the square .
Most are not particularly noteworthy ; only some 15,000 minor planets have been given names ( the first nameless minor planet being number 3708 ) .
Those species that are direct developing bypass this prolonged larval stage and develop directly into an adult worm .
Pes : Masatsugu Chiba ( Chiba Masatsugu ) , b. December 27 , 1976
The College of Arms occupies a building on Queen Victoria Street , London in the City of London , not far to the south of St. Paul 's Cathedral .
As the first period of the Mesozoic Era , the Triassic follows the Permian and is followed by the Jurassic .
To celebrate , many display Cinco de Mayo banners while school districts hold special events to educate pupils about its historical significance .
Smaller fellowships include the Berean Christadelphians , the Dawn Christadelphians , the Old Paths Christadelphians , and the Pioneer Maranatha Christadelphians .
While scholars are still debating the subject , there is a growing acceptance that the simple spiral , when found in Chinese art , is an early symbol for the sun .
Lacres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Eukaryotic cell division either involves mitosis or a more complex process called meiosis .
James Boag II ( 1854 -- 1919 ) , co-proprietor of J. Boag & Sons
So , for example , an earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times larger than one that measures 4.0 .
Both front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive are offered , each with a choice of 2.5-litre petrol or 2.0-litre diesel engine .
Cherenkov counting in this experimental context is normally used for quick rough measurements , since it is more liable to variation caused by the geometry of the sample .
Itanagar ( ) is the capital of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh .
Twice Prime Minister of France , a reformist Minister of Finance and a Foreign Minister , he was instrumental in building post-war European and trans-Atlantic institutions and is regarded as one of the founders of the European Union , the Council of Europe and NATO .
A strait or straits is a narrow , navigable channel of water that connects two larger navigable bodies of water .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 116 days and 1157 days or 3.2 years ( 107 seconds and 108 seconds ) .
Rostrevor had a population of 2,444 in the 2001 Census .
That year , he met Samuel Taylor Coleridge in Somerset .
Not long after meeting Aang and his friends , she leaves her wealthy family and comfortable home to join Aang on his quest , with a plan to teach him Earthbending .
In the WWF system , The Australasia ecozone includes Australia , Tasmania , the islands of Wallacea , New Guinea , the East Melanesian islands , New Caledonia , and New Zealand .
Dinoflagellates sometimes bloom in concentrations of more than a million cells per millilitre .
In the 1980s , Rabbi Yissachar Dov Rokeach , the fifth Belzer Rebbe , spearheaded plans for the huge synagogue to be erected in the Kiryat Belz neighborhood of Jerusalem .
This album sold over 2 300 000 copies in Asia ; making it the most successful album from her .
January 1 -- Marseille in France and Ko ice in Slovakia become European Capitals of Culture .
Rounders is a 1998 film about the underground world of high-stakes poker .
With a budget exceeding 2.415 billion dollars , DEA employs over 10,800 people , including over 5,500 Special Agents .
The raised areas of the rifling are called '' lands , '' which make contact with the projectile ( for small arms usage , called a bullet ) , imparting spin around an axis corresponding to the orientation of the weapon .
Eli Nelson Manning ( born Elisha Nelson Manning on January 3 , 1981 ) is an American football player for the New York Giants of the National Football League .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
Georgia is bordered on the south by Florida ; on the east by the Atlantic Ocean and South Carolina ; on the west by Alabama ; and on the north by Tennessee and North Carolina .
See full article ( PDF ) below ` The Fourth \/O/ Philharmonic ' subheading for entire item .
Yonge Street ( pronounced '' young '' ) is a major arterial street in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , and its northern suburbs .
Notts County are considered to be one of the pioneers of the modern game , even being credited with the invention of the offside trap .
It was located between Epping and Blake Hall stations on the Central line , serving North Weald .
Introduced in the 1986 video game Metroid , Samus is a female ex marine bounty hunter usually fitted with a powered armor suit with weapons that include beams and missiles .
It inhabited the Indonesian island of Java until the 1980s and was one of the three subspecies limited to islands .
Robinson 's promotion met a generally positive , although mixed , reception among newspapers and white major league players .
To produce sound , the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip , and blows a stream of air downward , along the axis of the pipe , over an elliptical notch cut into the end .
They play in the Northwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
A shirt made from mail is a hauberk if knee-length , haubergeon if mid-thigh length , and byrnie if waist-length .
Alban Berg 's Violin Concerto was written in 1935 ( the score is dated August 11 , 1935 ) .
Of those , ethanol ( C2H5OH ) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages , and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol .
Christopher Wesson Bosh ( born March 24 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays power forward for the Miami Heat in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The International Society for Krishna Consciousness ( ISKCON ) , also known as the Hare Krishna movement , is one of the Hindu Vaishnava religious organizations .
The conifers , also known as division Coniferae , are cone-bearing seed plants and woody plants , the great majority are trees with just a few being shrubs .
Each time the trumpet is answered with increasingly shrill outbursts from the flutes ( onstage ) -- apart from the last : the unanswered question .
Ian is the son of Pete and Kathy Beale , father of Lucy , Peter and Bobby Beale , nephew of Pauline Fowler and cousin of Mark , Michelle and Martin .
Angel Island Mouse , Peromyscus guardia ?
For the short-lived NFL team , see 1928 Detroit Wolverines ( NFL ) season .
He had been married five times .
The festival also shows classics nature documentaries like '' Serengeti Shall Not Die '' .
At the end of 2004 , however , Jaguar sold its Formula One team to Red Bull , which renamed it Red Bull Racing .
Genetic analyses since the 1990s have identified Afrotheria as one of four major groups within the infraclass Eutheria ( containing placental mammals ) .
Microdon adults look more or less like typical flies .
Only 18 of the 104 cadets who started flight training remained when Lindbergh graduated first overall in his class in March 1925 thereby earning his Army pilot 's wings and a commission as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Air Service Reserve Corps .
Gabrielle Bonheur '' Coco '' Chanel ( 19 August 1883 - 10 January 1971 ) was a pioneering French fashion designer whose modernist philosophy , menswear-inspired fashions , and pursuit of expensive simplicity made her an important figure in 20th-century fashion .
Biography Chadwick was born in Bollington , Cheshire to John Joseph Chadwick and Annie Mary née Knowles .
Chelsea Kane Staub ( born September 15 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer professionally known as Chelsea Kane since December 2010 .
Chris Ashwin born 19 November , 1987 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
They have recorded over 60 chart hits in the UK , more than any other rock group in history .
Britannica Online
At age six , Johnson was one of Liang Chow 's first students when he opened a gymnastics school in West Des Moines .
He died of senile dementia in the Fremantle Lunatic Asylum ( now the Fremantle Arts Centre building ) on 13 August 1900 , and was buried in Fremantle Cemetery .
As a sovereign nation , Palau conducts its own foreign relations .
Elkhart is a city in Elkhart County , Indiana , United States .
The cover is a metaphor for Bella 's progression throughout the entire saga ; she began as the physically weakest player on the board , the pawn , but at the end she becomes the strongest , the queen .
The Schutzstaffel ( , Protection Squadron ) , abbreviated SS -- or with stylized '' Armanen '' Sig runes -- was a major Nazi organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party .
This category formerly contained user pages and user talk pages of Wikipedians who had been indefinitely blocked ( and were thus considered '' temporary '' ) .
Berthez is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Mitsugu Nomura ( born November 21 , 1956 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The Ghanaian unit of currency known as the Ghanaian cedi was named after cowry shells . Starting over three thousand years ago , cowry shells , or copies of the shells , were used as Chinese currency .
Ronald Ernest Paul , M.D. ( born August 20 , 1935 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American physician and Republican Congressman for the state of Texas .
Saleh previously served as President of the Yemen Arab Republic ( North Yemen ) from 1978 until 1990 , at which time he assumed the office of chairman of the Presidential Council of the Republic of Yemen ( unified Yemen ) .
It is also the headquarters of the Kollam District , one among the 14 districts in the state of Kerala .
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance performed to try to invoke rain to protect the harvest .
The mountains are protected in the Chugach State Park and the Chugach National Forest .
Inspired by Bill Murray 's performance in the 1981 comedy film Stripes , Keenan joined the United States Army , with the intention of having the G.I. Bill fund his dream of attending art school .
He is a Catholic saint , known also as Trojan and Troyen ; his feast day is November 30 .
The CGI effects were used for making the skyscrapers , the cars , trains , Fagin 's scooter-cart and the climactic Subway chase .
The Colonial Athletic Association , also known as the CAA , is a NCAA Division I college athletic conference whose members are located in East Coast states from Massachusetts to Georgia . Most of its members are public universities , with five in Virginia alone , and the conference is headquartered in Richmond , Virginia .
If made of suitable material , some undergarments can serve as nightwear or swimsuits .
Harbour Porpoise , Phocoena phocoena
October 21 & ndash ; Alix of Thouars , Duchess of Brittany ( b. 1201 )
The contest has also inspired television producers to create other talent search shows , including ones based on American shows such as The Apprentice .
Vampires Suck has received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics , and it currently has an approval rating of 6 % on Rotten Tomatoes , with the consensus being '' Witlessly broad and utterly devoid of laughs , Vampires Suck represents a slight step forward for the Friedberg-Seltzer team . ''
Traditional viral culture has been generally superseded by shell vial culture , in which the sample is centrifuged onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection methods .
At 5.15 on the evening of 11 May 1812 Perceval was on his way to attend the inquiry into the Orders in Council .
See Great Artesian Basin for the water source in Australia .
Since the end of World War II the irredentism has totally disappeared in Istria , even because of the Istrian exodus .
Péruwelz is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
In Kalevala , the Mistress of Pohjola is Louhi , an evil witch of great power .
In 1869 , building upon earlier discoveries by such scientists as Lavoisier , Dmitri Mendeleev published the first functional periodic table .
The Wu-Tang Clan ( ) is a hip-hop group that consists of : RZA , GZA , Method Man , Raekwon , Ghostface Killah , Inspectah Deck , U-God , Masta Killa , and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard .
Mickey Mouse was created in 1928 by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks Kenworthy , John The Hand Behind the Mouse , Disney Editions : New York , 2001 .
The municipality only comprises the town of Borsbeek proper .
Patroclus is the only object in the Trojan camp to be named after a Greek character ; the naming conventions for the trojan asteroids were not adopted until after Patroclus was named ( similarly , the asteroid Hektor is the only Trojan character to appear in the Greek camp ) .
On December 21 she pleaded guilty again but in another court in Sydney .
In computing , input/output , or I/O , refers to the communication between an information processing system ( such as a computer ) , and the outside world -- possibly a human , or another information processing system .
She graduated from BRIT School in Croydon in May 2006 , a performing arts school attended by several musicians that have gained popular and critical acclaim .
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday .
A phrasal verb is a combination of a verb and a preposition , a verb and an adverb , or a verb with both an adverb and a preposition , any of which are part of the syntax of the sentence , and so are a complete semantic unit .
The aircraft crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center at 08:46 local time ; the impact killed all 92 people aboard , including the hijackers .
In 2003 , he was elected to the Board of Directors of the International Criminal Court 's Trust Fund for Victims .
Under Koppen 's climate classification , Cali features a tropical savanna climate .
His least-forgotten compositions are the piano piece '' Narcissus '' from Water Scenes and the songs '' The Rosary '' and '' Mighty Lak ' a Rose '' .
Sea cucumbers are found on the sea floor worldwide .
The couple lived near Gravesend , Kent , where she has a workshop .
Amphibia
On the basis of this technical evaluation , the IOC Excutive Board selects the applicants that will proceed to the candidature stage .
'' Ermann & Grapow , op .
It produced two singles that achieved international chart success , including '' Pon de Replay '' and '' If It 's Lovin ' that You Want '' .
She said Seth would assume control of her body and speak through her , while her husband wrote down the words she spoke .
He was educated at the European School in Brussels , at Ashdown House School and at Eton College , where he was a King 's Scholar .
Hardy , along with his brother Matt and friends , started their own federation , the Trampoline Wrestling Federation ( TWF ) and mimicked the moves they saw on television .
Later , pearl luggers visited the area from Broome .
Overall , households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles .
Natural and cultivated origin hybrids include commercially important fruit such as the oranges , grapefruit , lemons , some limes , and some tangerines .
A sovereign state is a state with a defined territory on which it exercises internal and external sovereignty , a permanent population , a government , independence from other states and powers , and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states . It is also normally understood to be a state which is not dependent on , or subject to any other power or state .
Each beat lasts 1 minute and 26.4 seconds .
This is the utopia of information-in-process , the ultimate wetware dream of the clerisy : discourse converted with 100 percent efficiency into capital , the mechanism of that magical process being nomology or rule-making - admittedly a rather specialized form of '' imagination . ''
For the similarly named asteroid , see 832 Karin .
In the lowest layer of material at these sites there are used pieces of ochre estimated to be 60,000 years old .
Most of these receipts are in the form of wages and salaries , but many other forms of income , such as unemployment insurance , disability , child support , etc. , are included as well .
The land went through several administrative changes before becoming an organized territory on May 11 , 1912 , and the 49th state of the U.S. on January 3 , 1959 .
A combination of the two was issued as Screaming Life\/Fopp in 1990 . Though the band was being courted by major labels , in 1988 it signed to the smaller label SST Records for its debut album , Ultramega OK , released on October 31 , 1988 .
Suggested names included Newcastle F.C. , Newcastle Rangers , Newcastle City and City of Newcastle , but Newcastle United was decided upon on 9 December 1892 , to signify the unification of the two teams . The name change was accepted by the Football Association on the 22 December , but the name club was not legally constituted as Newcastle United Football Club Co. .
The rivers Cherwell and Thames run through Oxford and meet south of the city center .
In 1842 , he bought a small block of land near Murrurundi , where he established a butcher shop .
The franchise was poor to mediocre for most of its first 13 seasons , only making the playoffs once .
A numeral system ( or system of numeration ) is a writing system for expressing numbers , that is a mathematical notation for representing numbers of a given set , using graphemes or symbols in a consistent manner .
Chanel : Her Life , Her World , and the Woman Behind the Legend She Herself Created , New York : Alfred A. Knopf , distributed by Random House , 1975 .
He enthusiastically abandons his bar , its regular customers , and his friends when a better opportunity comes along , such as the drink '' The Flaming Moe '' , the opening of his postmodern bar '' m '' , the conversion of his bar into a family-themed restaurant called Uncle Moe 's Family Feedbag and a British themed pub with Marge called the Nag and Weasel .
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
Ortiz is a six-time All-Star and holds the Red Sox single-season record for home runs in a regular season with 54 , set during the 2006 season .
This is a pronunciation respelling key used in some Wikipedia articles to unambiguously spell out the pronunciations of English words .
Florida obtains much of its drinking water from the Floridan Aquifer and the Biscayne Aquifer , as well as from surface water from Lake Okeechobee and other lakes , but population increases have begun to strain available sources .
It is part of the Dubuque , Iowa , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
You can make the reminder process easier and less annoying by using the following two templates .
Greenville is a city in and the county seat of Greenville County , South Carolina , United States , in the state 's upstate region .
Saint-Maurice , or Saint-Maurice-en-Valais , is a municipality and district capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The Territory of Oklahoma was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 2 , 1890 , until November 16 , 1907 , when it was joined with the Indian territory and admitted to the Union as the State of Oklahoma .
She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier .
This is the article about constructed languages . For other uses of the term '' a priori , '' see a priori .
She has a crush on Dr. Simon Tam .
Offenhauser 's turbocharged engines returned to Indianapolis in 1966 , with victories coming in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger .
It was part of a small settlement with 500 inhabitants that existed for approximately 200 years .
The marriage was not a great success , although they reigned together until their divorce in 1170 and produced two daughters together .
Six of the planets and three of the dwarf planets are orbited by natural satellites , usually termed '' moons '' after Earth 's Moon .
Type system , defines a programming language 's response to data types
Gallipoli Campaign
'' Sunday Morning '' is the fourth single from Maroon 5 's debut album , Songs About Jane .
After Lil won the final immunity challenge , Jon and Sandra both lobbied Lil to take them to the final two .
Lars Ricken ( born 10 July 1976 in Dortmund ) is a retired German footballer .
Yeh Dil Aap ka Huwa is a 2002 Lollywood Urdu film starring Sana , Moammar Rana and Saleem Sheikh among others .
They are members of the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Shortly after landfall , Boris weakened to a depression and turned southwestward in response to a building subtropical ridge to its north .
July 24 -- The Battle of Harlaw is fought between Donald of Islay , Lord of the Isles and an army commanded by Alexander Stewart , Earl of Mar./O.
Muawiyah marched to Kufa , where he persuaded a number of Ali 's supporters to acclaim him as caliph instead of Ali 's son , Hasan .
The Games were awarded on June 16 , 1955 , at the 50th IOC Session in Paris , France , to '' shock and disbelief '' over Innsbruck , and a four and a half year rush to construct roads , hotels , restaurants , and bridges , as well as the ice arena , the speed skating track , ski lifts , and ski jumping hill began .
Twelve essential old Scandinavian words ( old Norse ) in placenames of Normandy ( R. Lepelley .
Giovanni Lodetti ( born 10 August 1942 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Beuchat is an international company .
However , from the extent of the surveyed site and the reference to Early Classic rulers in the inscriptional record of the Late Classic , it is clear Palenque 's history is much longer than we currently know .
Psychiatry and the pharmaceutical industry Stern concerns about how disease is managed in large populations for financial purposes alone appear constantly in the literature critical of the medical profession and the industry .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
Constable McIntyre threw his arms up . Lonigan drew his revolver and Ned shot him .
The negotiating teams reached an agreement on July 13 , 2005 , and the lockout officially ended nine days later on July 22 , after both the NHL owners and players ratified the CBA .
She went into confinement in September 1537 and gave birth to the coveted male heir , the future King Edward VI on 12 October 1537 at Hampton Court Palace .
Wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous , particularly when the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire , resulting in the vehicle being suddenly and powerfully flung upwards .
Darmstadtium ( ) , formerly known as ununnilium , is a chemical element with the symbol Ds and atomic number 110 .
After completing his PhD , he became an assistant and lecturer at Technical University of Munich ( 1965 - 1968 ) .
The province has an area of 365 km , and a total population of 227,886 (/O2001/O) .
Take care not to go beyond what is expressed in the sources , or to use them in ways inconsistent with the intention of the source , such as using material out of context .
Jamaica slowly gained increasing independence from the United Kingdom and in 1958 , it became a province in the Federation of the West Indies , a federation among the British West Indies .
Tropical depression A tropical depression is an organized system of clouds and thunderstorms with a defined , closed surface circulation and maximum sustained winds of less than or .
It was established in the 17th century as a trading post for the British East India Company , but later grew to encompass much of western and central India , as well as parts of post-partition Pakistan and the Arabian Peninsula .
The large ones are known as maria ( seas ) and the small ones as lac s ( lakes ) .
In 1961 , at the Guangzhou conference , Deng uttered what is perhaps his most famous quotation : '' I do n't care if it 's a white cat or a black cat .
.
The limited edition featured a 13th track , '' Shinda Onna no Ko '' with Ryuichi Sakamoto ) , as well as a DVD containing the music videos for '' Kataritsugu Koto '' , and '' Haru no Katami '' .
By December , 1834 , Crockett was writing to friends about moving to Texas if Van Buren were elected President .
The story of the eponymous character is taken from medieval German romance , notably the Parzival of Wolfram von Eschenbach and its sequel , Lohengrin , written by a different author , itself inspired by the epic of Garin le Loherain .
The Saxon duchy began fragmenting in the 15th Century as a result of the old German succession law that divided inheritances among all sons .
It focuses on the life of Lee Harvey Oswald and offers a speculative account of the events that shaped the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
image_shield = Actual Targoviste CoA .
North Bay tends to be a less humid climate than that found in Southern Ontario due somewhat to the distance from the Great Lakes and less warm than some other locations in Northern Ontario due to cooling from Lake Nipissing .
November retained its name ( from the Latin novem meaning '' nine '' ) when January and February were added to the Roman calendar .
A colorless , inert noble gas under standard conditions , neon gives a distinct reddish-orange glow when used in either low-voltage neon glow lamps or in high-voltage discharge tubes or neon advertising signs .
According to Zhu Xi 's epistemology , knowledge and action were indivisible components of truly intelligent activity .
Sarothamnus scoparius ) , a native of northwestern Europe , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .
February 29 is the 60th day of the Gregorian calendar in such a year , with 306 days remaining until the end of that year .
They have sometimes been perceived as Satanic by casual observers , although their outright lyrical references to Satanism are few and far between , and use of Satanic imagery has arguably always had more to do with the shock value and mythological usage than any seriously-held beliefs .
He later won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Colonel Nicholson in The Bridge on the River Kwai .
This was inspired by a similar event in 1992 with the creation of the English Premiership .
Mexico has qualified for fourteen World Cups and has qualified consecutively since 1994 .
The Rhodesian Ridgeback is a dog breed developed in Southern Africa where it was used ( amongst other things ) to hunt lions .
Angered by this , and openly criticizing the policies of the Baron Thugut , Josias resigned as Field Marshal ( the Count of Clerfayt assumed command in his place ) and retired to Coburg , where he later died .
The Yankees - Red Sox rivalry is one of the oldest , most famous and fiercest rivalries in North American professional sports . For over 100 years , Boston Red Sox and the Yankees have been intense rivals .
At the time the author owed large sums of money to creditors , and was trying to help the family of his brother Mikhail , who had died in early 1864 .
The Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles present the very early Christians , then still very much a part of the Jewish scene , as frequenting both the Temple and synagogues , as well as meeting in private homes , frequently to '' break bread , '' a term that connotes both the sharing of an agape meal , and celebrating the Eucharist .
His status as an intellectual figure within the left wing of American politics has resulted in much criticism from the left and the right .
Through his collection and analytical study of folk music , he was one of the founders of ethnomusicology .
Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The name '' Tainan '' means '' Southern Taiwan '' .
There are several live albums on Verve that are highly regarded by critics . Ella at the Opera House shows a typical JATP set from Fitzgerald .
In addition , Australia has several territories , three of which are self-governing : the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) , the Northern Territory ( NT ) and Norfolk Island .
Toilet training Most children are toilet trained while they are toddlers .
Most colonial cities in Spanish America and the Philippines were planned around a square plaza de armas , where troops could be mustered , as the name implies , surrounded by the governor 's palace and the main church .
Cydia ( ) is a software application for iOS that lets a user browse and download applications for a jailbroken iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad .
The Destruction of Memory : Architecture at War .
Ando began the sales of his most famous product , Cup Noodles on September 18 , 1971 with the masterstroke of providing a waterproof polystyrene container .
That same year , he wrote The Book of Bond , or , Every Man His Own 007 , a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a sophisticated spy , under the pseudonym '' Lt Col. William ( ` Bill ' ) Tanner '' , Tanner being M 's Chief of Staff in many of Fleming 's Bond novels .
They decide to ask Mr. Grewgious to break the news to Jasper , and Edwin intends to return the ring to Mr. Grewgious .
Located on a hillside , this Gothic-style building was built between 1857 and 1862 as both a Catholic church and a school .
The temperature in Labuan , which lies in the heart of the tropics , hardly changes through the year .
He has 60 caps at international level for the Italian national team .
(/O1999/O) Comparative insecticide susceptibility and detoxification enzyme activities among pestiferous blattodea .
In battery-operated devices such as notebook computers , this translates to getting as much total work done per battery charge as with older computers , although the same total work may be done faster .
Sidecarcross is carried out in the same way as regular motocross on very much the same tracks .
The 1970 Bhola cyclone was not the most powerful of these , however ; the 1991 Bangladesh cyclone was significantly stronger when it made landfall in the same general area with 250 k winds , a high-end Category 4 . The 1970 cyclone is nonetheless the deadliest tropical cyclone on record and is one of the deadliest natural disasters in recent history .
Hold thou thy cross before my closing eyes ; shine through the gloom and point me to the skies .
A second season was confirmed on September 17 , 2008 .
Common activities include bodyboarding , surfing , windsurfing , and kitesurfing .
Soon afterward , Chun adopted a new constitution that , while far less authoritarian than Park 's Yusin Constitution , still gave fairly broad powers to the president .
They were told they were being moved to a new location to ensure their safety in anticipation of the violence that might ensue when the White Army reached Yekaterinburg .
Sales According to Microsoft , first-day sales of Halo 3 reached $ 170 million in the U.S. , setting a record for highest gross of an entertainment product within 24 hours of its release .
The city was a center of the British East India Company 's opium trade during the late 18th and 19th century .
Two months later he was banned by the FFF for the next eighteen games after failing to turn up to his disciplinary hearing , effectively ending his international career .
Mainstream films can best be defined as commercial films that have a wide release and play in first run theaters ( A movie theater that runs primarily mainstream film fare from the major film companies and distributors , during the initial release period of each film ) .
Boyelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2003 , Benson collaborated with director James Kerwin to produce her play , Albert Hall , in Hollywood .
Females lay three to eight large , dark bright green or pale green-blue eggs in each clutch into a prepared heap of leaf litter .
Life of St. Dominic Birth and Parentage Dominic was born in Caleruega , halfway between Osma and Aranda in Old Castile , Spain .
A collection of Mother and EarthBound was released in Japan under the title Mother 1 + 2 .
In 1783 , the Count of Floridablanca , a favorite of King Carlos III , commissioned him to paint his portrait .
It is used in baby foods , breakfast cereals , pastas , sauces , processed cheese , fruit drinks , vitamin-enriched milk products , and some energy drinks .
When the First World War ended and Germany became a democracy , Kellner became a political activist for the Social Democratic Party of Germany and for ten years openly campaigned against the Nazis .
Vescours is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Always ( 2005 ) is a boxed set of four CDs , spanning her whole career and containing rare recordings .
Another element in the revival was that all the panelists were openly gay , but their '' secret '' was generally only referenced in double entendres , such as when host Bill Dwyer was introduced as '' the straight man to the panel '' .
Maurice Robert '' Mike '' Gravel ( ; born May 13 , 1930 ) is a former Democratic United States Senator from Alaska , who served two terms from 1969 to 1981 , and a former candidate in the 2008 presidential election .
Della Casa made her British debut singing the part of Countess Almaviva in Mozart 's Le nozze di Figaro at the Glyndebourne Festival .
On they ground , many can run fast .
He toured Spain and the Netherlands with the pianist Harold Bauer in 1900-1901 ; in 1901-1902 he made his first tour of the United States ; and in 1903 toured South America .
About the time of the introduction of cartridge , breechloading , and multiple rounds of ammunition just a few years later , the term '' rifled musket '' gave way to '' rifle '' , and '' musket '' fell out of fashion .
On 9 January 1878 , Umberto succeeded as the new King of Italy .
Castranova is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,644 people .
The song was first sung by Norworth 's then-wife Nora Bayes and popularized by many other vaudeville acts .
id Software is an American video game development company with its headquarters in Mesquite , Texas .
They borrow from the Federal Reserve and pay interest at a rate called the Federal Funds Rate .
Pontruet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The most senior centurion in a legion was known as the primus pilus ( first file or spear ) who directly commanded the 1st century of the first cohort and commanded the whole first cohort when in battle .
Winnipeg ( ) is the capital and largest city of Manitoba , Canada , and is the primary municipality of the Winnipeg Capital Region , with more than sixty percent of Manitoba 's population .
Lawless has made cameo appearances in the movies EuroTrip , Spider-Man and Boogeyman ( 2005 ) , and in the sitcom Curb your Enthusiasm .
Compounds detected spectrally on the surface include water ice , carbon dioxide , silicates , and organic compounds .
In Africa , Mombasa and Zanzibar are captured by Oman .
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
April 5 -- During the Cold Food Festival , Chinese Emperor Zhongzong of Tang has his chief ministers of court , sons-in-law , and high ranking military officers engage in the festive game of tug of war within a palace of Chang ` an City .
For many years , Robert A. Heinlein , Isaac Asimov , and Arthur C. Clarke were known as the '' Big Three '' of science fiction .
In late 2004 , Jay-Z , Dash and Biggs sold their remaining interests in Roc-A-Fella Records and the Def Jam Recordings by Island Def Jam chairman L.A. Reid and Jay-Z gained control of Roc-A-Fella Records .
On more than one occasion the press has stated that Kermit 's name was taken from Jim Henson 's childhood friend , Kermit Scott , from Leland , Mississippi .
He earned 13 caps ( 3 non-official ) for the Brazil national football team , and was part of the team at the 1966 FIFA World Cup .
