Unlike ecozones , biomes are not defined by genetic , taxonomic , or historical similarities .
In 1970 , White won the Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal , a major prize in the field of children 's literature , for Charlotte 's Web , along with his first children 's book , Stuart Little , published in 1945 .
In the 1930s , musician and inventor Paul Tutmarc from Seattle , Washington , developed the first guitar-style electric bass instrument that was fretted and designed to be held and played horizontally .
When completed in July 2008 , it was the world 's largest photovoltaic power plant . The plant uses more than 270,000 solar photovoltaic panels to generate 60 megawatts ( peak ) .
Saint-Andr é - sur-Orne is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He pioneered the idea that any pre-school age child could begin to play the violin if learning steps were small enough and if the instrument was scaled down to fit their body .
Or , alternately , she killed Lamia 's children and the grief turned her into a monster .
Akihabara , also known as Akihabara Electric Town , is an area of Tokyo , Japan .
The world 's first feature film , The Story of the Kelly Gang , is released .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
It first premiered on TV Tokyo from 1980 to 1981 , followed by two feature films in 1982 , and was later broadcast in Japan by the satellite TV network Animax from September 2006 .
Eastern Christianity refers collectively to the Christian traditions and churches which developed in the Balkans , Eastern Europe , Asia Minor , the Middle East , Northeastern Africa and southern India over several centuries of religious antiquity .
The Unicode character ' & # x1D12B ; ' ( U +1 D12B ) represents the double flat sign .
OGame OGame was created in 2000 and is produced and maintained by Gameforge AG .
From the point of view of open strings , the physics of the D-branes is described by the appropriate gauge theory .
The idea of the phenotype has been generalized by Richard Dawkins in The Extended Phenotype to mean all the effects a gene has on the outside world that may influence its chances of being replicated .
The win earned the team a trip to Super Bowl II , where they were beaten 33-14 by Vince Lombardi 's Green Bay Packers .
Chandpur is the confluence of two of the mightiest rivers of Bangladesh .
The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is awarded to the car '' make '' that has scored the most points during the course of the season , where a car 's make takes into account both engine and chassis .
Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) is the multi-national airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden , and the leading carrier in these Scandinavian countries .
His most famous son was Doc Bar , who was also inducted into the Hall of Fame .
According to legend , the original city of Madurai , called Then Madurai ( lit .
The Aboriginal name for Goulburn is Burbong , a Murring\/Wiradjuri word indicating a special Indigenous cultural area .
For the Polish village , see Solca , Poland .
Activity Report , Life and Human Rights in North Korea , Spring 2000 , Vol .
The towering figure of West Coast blues may be guitarist T-Bone Walker , famous for the song '' Call It Stormy Monday ( But Tuesday Is Just As Bad ) '' , a relocated Texan who had made his first recordings in the late 1920s .
Marietta is a city in Love County , Oklahoma , United States .
Qom province has two large salt lakes , namely : Howz e Soltan Lake , which lies 36 km due north of Qom .
Early ( pre-GAA ) sliotars used various materials , depending on the part of the country , including combinations of wood , leather , rope and animal hair and even hollow bronze .
It was also claimed that a third of the way through the final season , the two timelines would be '' solidified into one '' and '' will be very linear - no more flashbacks , nothing ; '' however this did not become the case .
The Senate tries Sextus as Titus waits impatiently , sure that his friend will be exonerated ; but the Senate finds him guilty , and an anguished Titus must sign Sextus ' death sentence .
Mordred or Modred ( , Medrod , etc. ) is a character in the Arthurian legend , known as a notorious traitor who fought King Arthur at the Battle of Camlann , where he was killed and Arthur fatally wounded .
They are usually nocturnal seed-eaters .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sagawa Printing S.C. .
These fluctuations were felt across the income strata as the incomes of both , the 95th and 20th percentile were affected by fluctuations in the economy .
The overall structure became better defined , and early on October 29 the system developed into Tropical Storm Shary about 350 miles ( 565 km ) southeast of Bermuda . The formation of Shary marked the third time that an Atlantic tropical cyclone received an 'S ' naming , the other two being Tropical Storm Sebastien of 1995 and Hurricane Stan of 2005 .
Formula A permitted the old 4.5 L normally aspirated cars , but as the 3.0 L supercharged cars were more than a match for these ( and the pre-War German and Italian cars were no longer available ) , the old 1.5 L voiturette formula replaced 3.0 L supercharged cars in an attempt to equalise performance .
Most organisms metabolize tellurium partly to form dimethyl telluride although dimethyl ditelluride is also formed by some species .
The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favored Boston Bruins two games to none for the Stanley Cup .
Gary Bruce Bettman ( born June 2 , 1952 ) is the commissioner of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , a post he has held since February 1 , 1993 .
The journey is almost at its end , Tristan drinks and Isolde takes half the potion for herself . The potion seems to work but it does not bring death but relentless love ( '' Tristan !
It originated in the 1880s , as the town Fletcher , taking its name from Denver businessman Donald Fletcher who saw it as a real estate opportunity .
Portugal , officially the Portuguese Republic , is a country located in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula .
Kagome frees Inuyasha so he can kill the centipede demon , but after defeating it , Inuyasha again tries to take the Jewel for himself .
Critics argue that the so-called free market reform policies which the Bank advocates are often harmful to economic development if implemented badly , too quickly ( '' shock therapy '' ) , in the wrong sequence or in weak , uncompetitive economies .
This would make the two species of Buphagus something like living fossils , and elegantly demonstrates that such remnants of past evolution can possess striking and unique autapomorphic adaptations .
Year 1784 ( MDCCLXXXIV ) was a leap year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Monday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Gorj County has 2 municipalities , 7 towns and 61 communes
It has the cat Garfield , the stupid dog Odie , and their Jon Arbuckle .
Atlas Mira ( Russia , 1937 -- present )
Natalee Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School .
An example of a chassis is the under part of a motor vehicle , consisting of the frame ( on which the body is mounted ) with the wheels and machinery .
However , when the original pioneers began aging or dying in the 1980s and 1990s , the house became less used and was empty from about 2000 onwards .
This mall has over 800 stores , more than one hotel , an indoor park with water , an ice rink , moving picture theaters , places to eat and drink , and a park with rides .
The injury is then loosely bandaged , but is not sutured due to risk of infection .
However , this species breeds well in captivity , and has been successfully re-introduced ; in 2004 it was estimated that there were 800 birds in the wild , as well as 1000 in wildfowl collections and zoos .
The current stable version is 13.1 , released on May 24 , 2010 .
He studied in Armenia and Istanbul , then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915 .
The University of Oulu and Oulu University of Applied Sciences ( formerly Oulu Polytechnic ) are located in Oulu .
Ernst Rudolf Johannes Reuter ( July 29 , 1889 - September 29 , 1953 ) was the German mayor of West Berlin from 1948 to 1953 , during the time of the Cold War .
At any given time , there is only one person alive in the world of Avatar who is capable of bending all four elements : the show 's eponymous Avatar , the spiritual entity of the planet manifested in human form .
Japanese spindles on the other hand helped build Pakistan 's textile industry .
This resulted in many of the border planets and moons having forbidding , dry environments , well suited to the Western genre .
The Talmud calls the hyssop ` and considers it to be a herbal remedy for indigestion .
Through 2005 , the band toured in support of the album with nearly 150 dates - the longest tour in its career - visiting Japan , Australia , South America and the United Kingdom .
Virgil took pleasure in translating etymologies of Greek names by combining them with adjectives that explained them : for Atlas his adjective is durus , '' hard , enduring '' , Aeneid iv .247 : '' Atlantis duri '' and other instances ; see Robert W. Cruttwell , '' Virgil , Aeneid , iv .
Fra Angelico is known in Italy as il Beato Angelico , the term '' Il Beato '' ( '' Blessed One '' ) being already in use during his lifetime or shortly thereafter , in reference to his skills in painting religious subjects .
Support for people with disabilities has been improved over Windows NT 4.0 with a number of new assistive technologies , Windows 2000 Professional Accessibility Resources and Microsoft increased support for different languagesMicrosoft Support KB 292264 : List of Languages Supported in Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
He was appointed in 1733 to the position of organist of the St. Sophia 's Church at Dresden .
The traditional abbreviations for U.S. states and territories , widely used in mailing addresses prior to the introduction of two-letter U.S. postal abbreviations , are still commonly used for other purposes ( such as legal citation ) , and are still recognized ( though discouraged ) by the Postal Service .
He was a pioneer of geometric abstract art and the originator of the Avant-garde Suprematist movement .
The controlling section usually consists of two metal antennae which sense the position of the player 's hands and control oscillators for frequency with one hand , and amplitude ( volume ) with the other , so it can be played without being touched .
The English language uses several models to create demonyms .
Chemist Sir William Henry Perkin , then eighteen , was attempting to create artificial quinine .
Image = Gray854 .
Demetria Devonne '' Demi '' Lovato ( born August 20 , 1992 ) is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
J. League Cup is a Japanese football ( soccer ) competition organized by J. League .
Brucourt is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Whewell was born in Lancaster .
Trieste ( , ; ; ; ) is a city and seaport in northeastern Italy .
The white crystalline form is commonly the hydrochloride salt diacetylmorphine hydrochloride , however heroin freebase may also appear as a white powder .
Sir William Aylsham Bryan Hopkin ( December 7 , 1914 & ndash ; October 10 , 2009 ) was a Welsh economist .
The planet formed 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within a billion years .
When a sensory neuron and a motor neuron communicate with each other , it is called a nerve stimulus .
The later stations are notable for their larger size and safety features ( both being attempts to future proof the line ) .
Contone is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He is currently ( 2006 ) a professor of economics with the School of Economics at Tel Aviv University and with the Department of Economics at New York University .
Saturday Night 's Main Event is a professional wrestling television program produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Zeno was the founder of the Stoic school of philosophy which he taught in Athens , from about 300 BC .
As Silva is a very common Brazilian name , he adopted his mother 's maiden name , Senna , and went on to win the 1982 British and European Formula Ford 2000 championships under that surname .
In 1874 , Kreuzlingen became the capital of the district , instead of Gottlieben .
Shade suggests that he can find his colony first , who can help Goth in his search for his homeland .
He befriended Marc Caro , a designer and comic book artist who became his longtime collaborator and co-director .
H. habilis had smaller molars and larger brains than the Australopithecines , and made tools from stone and perhaps animal bones .
The Te Deum ( also known as Te Deum Laudamus , Ambrosian Hymn or A Song of the Church ) is an early Christian hymn of praise .
It was designated the European Grand Prix once , 1975 , when this title was an honorary designation given each year to one grand prix race in Europe .
Avars ` Khan Fortified Camp , Romania - Probably the re-occupied city of Attila at Saden ( Zsadany , Jadani , now Cornesti - jud .
The range of services offered by MSN has changed since its initial release in 1995 .
Gustav Stresemann 's success owed much to his friendly personal character and his willingness to be pragmatic .
It is the tenth game in the Metroid series , and the final entry in the Metroid Prime trilogy -- excluding two spin-off titles .
The Vijayanagara Empire , , referred as the Kingdom of Bisnaga by the Portuguese , was a South Indian empire based in the Deccan Plateau .
Nathan , a Tamil , is married to Urmila ( Umi ) Nandey , a Bengali of Indian descent , and has a daughter , a son , and three grandchildren .
After Kittanning merged with Wickboro , an estimated 10,000 residents lived in Kittanning in 1914 .
At 37 metres , it is the tallest lighthouse on Australia 's mainland .
While they were escaping , however , Odysseus foolishly told Polyphemus his identity , and Polyphemus told his father , Poseidon , that Odysseus had blinded him .
Printed during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377 , it is the world 's oldest extant movable metal print book .
Barbirolli won a scholarship to study at Trinity College of Music , and later studied at the Royal Academy of Music where the Sir John Barbirolli Collection of photographs and memorabilia is now archived .
Le Wast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Tijs Michiel Verwest was born in Breda , North Brabant , Netherlands on January 17 , 1969 .
Operationally , the cyclone was first classified by the National Hurricane Center around this time , when it was considered a subtropical cyclone .
These structures form at the high-pressure depths of Lake Vostok and would become unstable if brought to the surface .
Saint-Maixant is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Hollywood Walk of Fame is a series of sidewalks along either side of a 15-block segment of Hollywood Boulevard and a 3-block segment of Vine Street in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California , USA that serves as a permanent public monument to achievement in the entertainment industry .
Boulogne-Billancourt is the most populous suburb of Paris and one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe .
Overall , Juventus have won 51 official competitions , more than any other team in the country ; 40 in the national First Division , which is also a record , and 11 official international competitions , making them , in the latter case , the second most successful Italian club in European competition .
