The Royal Air Force ( RAF ) is the air force of the United Kingdom and the oldest independent air force in the world .
In 2009 , she released her second studio album , The Redemption , and appeared in a second season of Brooke Knows Best .
Bloemfontein ( , Dutch for '' spring of Bloem ( bloom ) '' , '' flower spring '' or '' fountain of flowers '' ) is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
Sichuan pepper is also available as an oil ( , marketed as either '' Sichuan pepper oil '' , '' Bunge Prickly Ash Oil '' , or '' Hwajiaw oil '' ) .
Women give birth to babies and children .
Their time at the boarding school was cut short when Elizabeth Branwell , their aunt who joined the family after the death of their mother to look after the children , died of internal obstruction in October 1842 .
logo
Odes is a book of the Bible found only in Eastern Orthodox Bibles and included or appended after Psalms in Alfred Rahlfs ' critical edition of the Septuagint , coming from the fifth-century Codex Alexandrinus .
Escape the Fate is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , formed in Pahrump , Nevada in 2004 .
The album 's cover art features a baby picture of Wayne and is similar to covers of hip hop albums such as Illmatic (/O1994/O) and Ready to Die (/O1994/O) .24 Hour Hip Hop .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
Brass , which is an alloy of copper and zinc , has been used since at least the 10th century BC .
In 1966 , E. O. Wilson and his colleagues identified the fossil remains of an ant ( Sphecomyrma freyi ) that lived in the Cretaceous period .
Being an ancient concept the term parish is used by all the long established Christian denominations : Roman Catholic , Anglican Communion , the Eastern Orthodox Church , Lutheran churches , and some Methodist , and Presbyterian churches .
Early life Bellamy 's father , George , was the rhythm guitarist in the 1960s rock group The Tornadoes , who were the first British band to have a United States number one song , with '' Telstar '' .
MIT has five schools and one college , containing a total of 32 academic departments , with a strong emphasis on scientific and technological research .
He has instead joined Force India as a test and reserve driver .
Ungulates ( meaning roughly '' being hoofed '' or '' hoofed animal '' ) are several groups of mammals , most of which use the tips of their toes , usually hoofed , to sustain their whole body weight while moving .
In 1894 , Fusakichi Omori published his work on the aftershocks of earthquakes , in which he stated that aftershock frequency decreases by roughly the reciprocal of time after the main shock .
At the World Cup on home soil , along with Ballack , Torsten Frings and Bastian Schweinsteiger , they formed a formidable midfield and all played their part in the national team 's unexpected success .
Donald Leroy '' Don '' LaFontaine ( August 26 , 1940 - September 1 , 2008 ) was an American voiceover artist famous for recording more than 5,000 film trailers and hundreds of thousands of television advertisements , network promotions , and video game trailers .
This also coincides with physical puberty .
Odori grew out of Kabuki drama and is more oriented toward male sentiments .
The band has released seven studio albums , a live album ( Burning Japan Live 1999 ) , two DVDs and three EPs .
In 1939 , with German invasion imminent , he fled Hungary because of his Jewish ancestry , and moved to Switzerland , where he continued a career as a pianist and won the Geneva International Piano Competition , but he had limited opportunities to develop his conducting .
In 1898 , although opposed to the proposal , the Town of Flushing ( along with two other towns of Queens County ) was consolidated into the City of New York to form the new Borough of Queens .
Parts of the East Midlands are also densely populated , particularly the triangle formed by the cities of Leicester , Nottingham and Derby , which also includes sizeable towns such as Loughborough and the Long Eaton -- Beeston -- Stapleford subconurbation .
Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter\/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl , an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour 's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl , a memoir detailing the life of a high-class prostitute .
IEEE produces 30 % of the world 's literature in the electrical and electronics engineering and computer science fields , publishing well over 100 peer-reviewed journals .
After being reopened in 1984 and operating for some years , the old stadium building was demolished on March 26,1997 , right after a construction project of a new arena was announced .
Most of the Continental Army was disbanded in 1784 after the Treaty of Paris ended the war .
It has dense black fur .
Young 's 76 career shutouts are fourth all-time .
He had an enormous influence on musical life in Britain : he improved access immensely , and also raised the standard of orchestral playing and nurtured the taste of the public , introducing them to a vast repertoire of music , encouraging especially compositions by British composers .
He is head groundskeeper at Springfield Elementary School .
There are many different varieties of quartz , several of which are semi-precious gemstones .
James IV ( 17 March 1473 -- 9 September 1513 ) was King of Scots from 11 June 1488 to his death .
Works Bull was one of the most famous composers of keyboard music of the early 17th century , exceeded only by Sweelinck in the Netherlands , Frescobaldi in Italy , and , some would say , by his countryman and elder , the celebrated William Byrd .
Past pandemics that ravaged Europe .
Carlo Gesualdo , known as Gesualdo da Venosa ( March 8 , 1566 & ndash ; September 8 , 1613 ) , Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza , was an Italian music composer , lutenist and nobleman of the late Renaissance .
Radinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The soundtrack features music composed by Shel Silverstein and performed by Kris Kristofferson and Waylon Jennings , with one solo track sung by Jagger .
In 1691 , he wrote the music for what is sometimes considered his dramatic masterpiece , King Arthur , with the libretto by Dryden and first published by the Musical Antiquarian Society in 1843 .
At the subsequent autopsy , eight milligram percent of Chloral hydrate and 4.5 milligram percent of Nembutal were found in her system , and Dr. Thomas Noguchi of the Los Angeles County Coroners office recorded cause of death as '' acute barbiturate poisoning '' , resulting from a '' probable suicide '' .
As a result , the British edible dormouse population , now 10,000 strong , is concentrated in a 200 s triangle between Beaconsfield , Aylesbury and Luton .
The ships arrived at Botany Bay between 18 and 20 January 1788 .
Montagoudin is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Trangé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Kunieda won his fourth consecutive Australian Open , his fifth overall .
He reached the height of his musical career in the early nineties .
Melina made her WWE singles debut in 2005 , and is a three-time WWE Women 's Champion , winning the belt twice in 2007 and once in 2009 .
David Moss ( born December 28 , 1981 ) is an American professional ice hockey right winger for the Calgary Flames .
It is currently the largest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft , and the first C-type asteroid to be so explored .
Carnivorous plants are generally herbs , and their traps primary growth . They generally do not form readily fossilisable structures such as thick bark or wood .
Wind speed has always meant the movement of air in an outside environment , but the speed of air movement inside is important in many areas , including weather forecasting , aircraft and maritime operations , building and civil engineering .
The NBC Symphony Orchestra was a radio orchestra established by David Sarnoff of the National Broadcasting Company especially for conductor Arturo Toscanini .
It disappointed at the box office , opening outside the Top 10 at # 12 with $ 2.64 million for its first weekend , grossing less than $ 7 million overall during its entire theatrical run .
Tyrrell became British American Racing in 1999 who formed a partnership with Honda , eventually becoming Honda Racing F1 Team in 2006 .
Discography Ultramega OK ( 1988 ) Louder Than Love ( 1989 ) Badmotorfinger ( 1991 ) Superunknown ( 1994 ) Down on the Upside ( 1996 ) Awards and nominations The release of Soundgarden 's debut album Ultramega OK in 1988 earned the band its first major award nomination , a Grammy Award , in 1990 .
The term '' combat '' ( French for fight ) typically refers to armed conflict between military forces in warfare , whereas the more general term '' fighting '' can refer to any violent conflict .
The workshop was established in 1817 , burning down on one occasion , but is still working .
The lake lies in the extreme north of the Kaghan Valley at N35 .0185 E74 .0895 and is about a four hour drive from the chief town Naran .
In 1385 Pope Urban VI was besieged in the castle by Charles III of Naples .
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata ( , also known as CGE or GELP , is a professional Argentine football club based in La Plata , Buenos Aires .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 1999 : Georges and Mitch .
Websites are written in , or dynamically converted to , HTML ( Hyper Text Markup Language ) and are accessed using a software interface classified as a user agent .
Urbi et orbi is also used at St. Peter 's at the Papal inauguration and , on very rare occasions , as the blessing of pilgrims and during the Holy Year ( Jubilee ) .
To coincide with the brand extension , the event was made exclusive to the Raw brand throughout the event 's history .
Precipitation that reaches the surface of the earth can occur in many different forms , including rain , freezing rain , drizzle , ice needles , snow , ice pellets or sleet , graupel and hail .
Scholars had been of many minds , identifying at least four different paintings as the Mona Lisa and several people as its subject .
The watch includes 834 parts and 16 horological complications .
Le Guin was born and raised in Berkeley , California , the daughter of anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber and writer Theodora Kroeber .
The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War , having fought on the losing side .
With the release of Sense and Sensibility ( 1811 ) , Pride and Prejudice ( 1813 ) , Mansfield Park ( 1814 ) and Emma ( 1815 ) , she achieved success as a published writer .
Longer periods Write Months as whole words ( , not ) , except in the ISO 8601 format .
The third park built at the resort , it opened on May 1 , 1989 as Disney-MGM Studios .
The main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb just north of the Melbourne CBD , however it has several other campuses located across Victoria .
Research demonstrates sign language 's ability to help children increase their learning ability .
They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Each ovary is then attached to the fimbria of the fallopian Tube .
The black larva is banded with white and yellow stripes .
The Renaissance and the Reformation ; A Textbook of European History 1494-1610 .
Michael David '' Mike '' Adamle ( born October 3rd , 1949 ) is a sports personality and former National Football League player .
Las Barias-La Estancia ( D.M. )
Urheimat ( a German compound of ' '' primitive , original '' and ' '' home , homeland '' ; , ) is a linguistic term denoting the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language .
The 2010 Canterbury earthquake ( also known as the Christchurch earthquake or Darfield earthquake ) was a 7.1 magnitude earthquake , which struck the South Island of New Zealand at 4:35 am on local time ( 16:35 UTC ) .
Electrification of the system commenced from 1919 , with electric multiple unit operation commencing at the same time .
Risk management , the practice of appraising and controlling risk , has evolved as a discrete field of study and practice .
It has a station on CityRail 's Southern Highlands line .
Chief Constable is the title given to the chief police officer of every territorial police force in the United Kingdom except for the City of London Police and the Metropolitan Police , as well as the chief officers of the British Transport Police , Ministry of Defense Police , Civil Nuclear Constabulary and Isle of Man Constabulary .
One loop , pulmonary circulation , connected the circulatory system to the lungs .
Cotidianul is a Romanian newspaper , published Monday to Saturday in Berliner format .
Elettaria pods are light green while Amomum pods are larger and dark brown .
Moving out of the high-shear environment on November 24 , Delta gained organization .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
Hanukkah is observed for eight nights , starting on the 25th day of Kislev according to the Hebrew calendar , and may occur from late November to late December on the Gregorian calendar .
The 1969 season in Japanese football .
In climbing , belaying is the technique of controlling the rope so that a falling climber does not fall very far .
Grooming in humans typically includes bathroom activities such as primping : washing and cleaning the hair , combing it to extract tangles , and styling .
Bandi Atai Khan ( also known as Banda Atai Khan ) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Marlborough 's insatiable ambition propelled him from poor obscurity to prominence in British and European affairs , becoming the richest of all Anne 's subjects .
It was popular throughout the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s , combining the flamboyant look of glam rock and playing a power-chord based heavy metal musical style .
However , Donna returned as The Doctor 's sole full-time companion for the whole of the fourth series in 2008 , and reprised the role once more in the 2009-10 special The End of Time .
The most extreme can attain wind speeds of more than 300 mph ( 480 km\/h ) , stretch more than two miles ( 3 km ) across , and stay on the ground for dozens of miles ( more than 100 km ) .
For buildings of much over seven storeys , traction lifts must be employed instead .
The city of Berlin ( Alt-Berlin ) ;
Steed Malbranque ( born 6 January 1980 in Mouscron ) is a Belgian-born French footballer who plays for Sunderland in the Premier League as a winger .
The term '' judiciary '' is also used to refer collectively to the personnel , such as judges , magistrates and other adjudicators , who form the core of a judiciary ( sometimes referred to as a '' bench '' ) , as well as the staffs who keep the system running smoothly .
Here I Stand is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer Usher , released May 27 , 2008 in the United States on LaFace Records .
Chester John '' Chet '' Culver ( born January 25 , 1966 ) is the current governor of Iowa , having won the 2006 election .
Longchamp-sur-Aujon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Young was traded back to Cleveland , the place where he played over half his career , before the 1909 season , to the Cleveland Naps of the American League .
Most sexual abuse offenders are acquainted with their victims ; approximately 30 % are relatives of the child , most often brothers , fathers , uncles or cousins ; around 60 % are other acquaintances such as ` friends ' of the family , babysitters , or neighbors ; strangers are the offenders in approximately 10 % of child sexual abuse cases .
Her wicked stepmother forced her to work as a scullery maid in the castle .
Notice of Joey Ramone 's death He was reportedly listening to the song '' In a Little While '' by U2 when he died .
Boulogne-Billancourt ( often colloquially called simply Boulogne or Boulbi ) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris , France .
Dodd would finish his career with a 12 -- 9 record against the Bulldogs .
The day breaks in on the lovers as Melot leads King Marke and his men to find Tristan and Isolde in each other 's arms .
If the periodicity is maintained , another storm will occur in about 2020 .
Runescapr SUX
Although the party was often claimed to be as far-right as the Freedom Party , there are some differences .
Mar ` ashi Najafi Library , with over 500,000 handwritten texts and copies .
Bourdelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
January 19 -- The Libertarian enclave Minerva on a platform in the South Pacific , sponsored by the Phoenix Foundation , declares independence .
Corte is also linked to Ajaccio , Bastia and Calvi by the Chemin de fer de la Corse ( Corsican Railway ) .
Martin Luther rejected the Roman Catholic approach and developed a different two-level system McArthur refers to as the two realms view .
It was released on November 21 , 1995 through A&M Records .
The term double star may be used synonymously with binary star , but more generally , a double star may be either a binary star or an optical double star which consists of two stars with no physical connection but which appear close together in the sky as seen from the Earth .
The ghost of Slytherin house is The Bloody Baron .
Its episode '' Hush , '' which was written and directed by Whedon , received an Emmy Award nomination for outstanding writing in a drama series in 2000 .
During her time in Hatch End Isabella began to write articles on cooking and household management for her husband 's publications .
Tommy Atkins ( often just Tommy ) is a term for a common soldier in the British Army that was already well established in the nineteenth century , but is particularly associated with World War I/O. It can be used as a term of reference , or as a form of address .
The Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs video game from Activision was released on the Xbox 360 , Wii , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 2 , Games for Windows , and Nintendo DS on June 30 , 2009 .
For instance , the Dortmunder stories of Donald E. Westlake are highly comic tales involving unusual thefts by a gang of offbeat characters -- in different stories Dortmunder 's gang steals the same gem several times , steals an entire branch bank , and kidnaps someone from an asylum by driving a stolen train onto the property .
The word falafel can now refer to the fritters themselves or to sandwiches filled with them .
During the academic year 1962-63 Phelps visited MIT , where he was in contact with future Nobel prize winners Paul Samuelson , Robert Solow and Franco Modigliani .
While visiting Sir John , the Dashwoods meet his old friend Colonel Brandon .
The city was the chief home of the Mesopotamian moon god Sin , under the Assyrians and Neo-Babylonians\/Chaldeans and even into Roman times .
There are various modes of wearing an unsewn dupatta .
The Farsala Trilogy is a series of three fantasy novels , written by Hilari Bell .
Formed in 1983 , Bon Jovi consists of lead singer and namesake Jon Bon Jovi ( John Francis Bongiovi , Jr. ) , guitarist Richie Sambora , keyboardist David Bryan , drummer Tico Torres as well as current bassist Hugh McDonald .
The majority of the districts are rural districts ( ) of which there are 313 .
Princess Iman ( born 24 April 1983 ) is the daughter of King Hussein and Queen Noor .
Principal signatories were Marshal Ferdinand Foch , the Allied Commander-in-chief , and Matthias Erzberger , Germany 's representative .
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
Wilson was elected twice to the Continental Congress , and was a major force in drafting the United States Constitution .
Europe Harald Fairhair ( of the Yngling or Scilfing Dynasty ) subdues the petty kings of Norway and conquers the Orkney and Shetland Islands .
He was born at the Royal Chateau at Fontainebleau , the son of Henry II , King of France ( 31 March 1519 & ndash ; 10 July 1559 ) and Catherine de ' Medici ( 13 April 1519 & ndash ; 5 January 1589 ) .
The movement of substances across the membrane can be either passive , occurring without the input of cellular energy , or active , requiring the cell to expend energy in moving it .
According to Kojiki and Nihonshoki , he was the fourth son of Emperor Nintoku and his consort Iwanohime , and therefore a younger brother of his predecessor Emperor Hanzei .
Robinson held the world welterweight title from 1946 to 1951 , and won the world middleweight title in the later year .
Aurora is comparable to the Greek goddess Eos , though Aurora did not bring with her any resonance of a greater archaic goddess .
Saint-Julien-Beychevelle is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne estuary in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France , that produces red wine .
Hurricane David peaked at Category 5 status becoming the first hurricane of such strength to make landfall directly in the Dominican Republic , killing over 2000 people .
Pommiers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The interaction between the remnants of Cristobal and a high pressure system over the Mid-Atlantic States produced rip currents and 4 foot ( 1.2 m ) waves along the south shore of Long Island , New York ; three people drowned from the rip currents .
The song 's words were written by Body Count 's lead vocalist , rapper Ice-T , while its music was written by the band 's lead guitarist , Ernie C. Ice-T has referred to it as a '' protest record . ''
Indonesia withdrew in 2008 after it became a net importer of oil , but stated it would likely return if it became a net exporter in the world again .
The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin 's original theory of operation ; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself , rendering the air conductive , which in turn raises the probability of a strike .
At the 2000 census the population was 5,498 .
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second album by American rock band My Chemical Romance .
It has been situated in the Silesian Voivodeship ( administrative division ) since 1999 , and was previously the capital of Cz stochowa Voivodeship ( 1975 -- 1998 ) .
See Deaths in July 2009 .
They find Dorian 's body , stabbed in the heart and suddenly aged , withered and horrible .
Masashi Motoyama is a Japanese football midfielder .
Jimmy Conway , a character in the film Goodfellas played by Robert De Niro , is based on Burke .
Positioned at the high end of the MacBook family , the MacBook Pro is currently produced in three sizes : the 13 - , 15 - , and 17 - inch .
The original Temple of Jupiter was still awaiting restoration when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii under lava and ash .
Ray Ozzie ( born November 20 , 1955 ) is Chief Software Architect at Microsoft .
Eugen Jochum ( 1 November 1902 26 March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
Beginning from the early part of the twentieth century , various styles of tacos have become popular in the United States and Canada .
Browneyed Soul ( , also written Brown Eyed Soul ) is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
Biography Early life Hendrix was born on November 27 , 1942 , in Seattle , Washington , USA , while his father was stationed at an Army base in Oklahoma .
On the April 7 , 2009 edition of ECW , Long announced he was returning to SmackDown !
The firm was founded in London in 1946 , as the Danish Ove N. Arup , Consulting Engineers by Sir Ove Nyquist Arup .
After a taxicab crash in 1943 she found she could sing '' a higher F than ever before . ''
Dougie Lee Poynter ( born 30 November 1987 ) is an English musician and the bass guitarist and vocalist for the British pop rock band McFly .
Angela Smith ( L )
The vagina , along with the inside of the vulva , is reddish pink in color , as with most healthy internal mucous membranes in mammals .
Breaza ( ) is a town in Prahova County , Romania , with a population of 18,863 .
Berrios G.E. (/O2004/O) Of mania .
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance performed to try to invoke rain to protect the harvest .
He was one of four black players on the 1939 UCLA Bruins football team ; the others were Woody Strode , Kenny Washington , and Ray Bartlett .
Valves are technically pipe fittings , but are usually discussed as a separate category .
He emigrated to France in 1959 and began to work in film during the 1960s .
Where Angels Fear to Tread (/O1991/O) includes a brief film depiction of this game .
Serfdom was the enforced labour of serfs on the fields of landowners , in return for protection and the right to work on their leased fields .
All Cheerios shipped to the east coast of the United States are manufactured in the General Mills plant in Buffalo , New York .
Shared IP addresses such as school and company networks or proxy servers are frequently blocked for vandalism which , unfortunately , may also affect innocent editors on the same network .
'' Baba O'Riley '' is a song written by Pete Townshend for the English rock band The Who .
Fossils of the rhamphorhynchoid Sordes , the anurognathid Jeholopterus , and a pterodactyloid from the Santana Formation seem to demonstrate that the wing membrane did attach to the hindlimbs , at least in some species .
Bellengreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
As the child of printmaker Ludvig Lundgren , Lea Fredrika Ahlborn early decided to follow him in his profession .
Erin was expected to bring flooding to the region , which had already been declared a disaster area on August 7 , 2007 due to widespread flooding on the Nueces River basin ; this area remained flooded as of August 15 , 2007 .
On 5 January 2010 , Barbarez received his UEFA Pro Licence in Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's educational facility in Jablanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Manchester Ship Canal is open , but traffic to the upper reaches is light .
In service , the Vulcan was armed with nuclear weapons and was a part of the RAF 's V bomber force , the United Kingdom 's airborne deterrent against aggression from other powers such as the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
Subsequent images revealed even faster clouds .
This final civil war , culminating in the latter 's defeat at Actium , resulted in the permanent ascendancy of Octavian , who became the first Roman emperor , under the name Caesar Augustus , a name that raised him to status of a deity .
By a simple extension of the latter , Wikipedia is not a hacker/computer usage or other slang and idiom guide .
Said , '' To Coney Isle , dear , let 's go '' ,
The first amniotes ( referred to as '' basal amniotes '' or '' stem amniotes '' ) , such as Casineria , resembled small lizards and had evolved within reptiliomorphs which were amphibian about 340 million years ago , in the Carboniferous geologic period .
Following their advice , she attended Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Parks of Curitiba and floods Today , Curitiba is considered one of the best examples of urban planning worldwide .
Cotton began to work with the Muddy Waters Band around 1955 .
The Low Countries , the historical region of de Nederlanden , are the countries on low-lying land around the delta of the Rhine , Scheldt , and Meuse ( Maas ) rivers .
Edmund is chained in the Witch 's dungeon where he meets Tumnus .
He is best known by his West Frisian nickname '' Grutte Pier '' ( '' Big Pier '' in the Old Frisian spelling ) , or by the Dutch translations '' Grote Pier '' and '' Lange Pier '' , or , in Latin , '' Pierius Magnus '' , which referred to his legendary size and strength .
Zoology In zoological nomenclature , synonyms are different scientific names that pertain to the same taxon , for example two names for the same species .
He was considered one of South Africa 's greatest leaders of all time and is respected world wide .
The term pile refers to raised fibers that are there on purpose , rather than as a by product of producing the cloth .
Currently , the promotion serves as the official developmental territory for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
An alternative form is the Tunisian crochet hook , which is much longer than a regular crochet hook , in order to accommodate the multiple loops used in Tunisian crochet .
As of October 2007 , the Bank has a staff of over 24,703 employees and 2,468 branches covering 80,257 villages , up from 43,681 villages covered in 2003 .
The emphasis on the word '' if '' suggests that RSA Security Inc. may now require licensing and royalty payments for any products using the RC6 algorithm .
The first version of the license was revised , and the resulting licenses are more properly called modified BSD licenses .
The temperature at which droplets can form is called the Dew Point .
Players GAMBA OSAKA Official Site His older brother Akihiro , who retired in 2008 , was also a professional footballer .
The Daleks were created by writer Terry Nation and designed by BBC designer Raymond Cusick .
They live in southern Malaysia .
By the time Smith handed the editor 's chair to Logan in mid-1973 , the paper was selling nearly 300,000 copies per week and was outstripping its other weekly rivals , Melody Maker , Disc , Record Mirror and Sounds .
Aang reveals himself as he surrenders himself to Zuko on the condition that he agrees to leave the village alone .
For the election in 1806 he was moved to the seat of Haddington burghs and for the 1807 election successfully stood for Portarlington ( a seat he held until 1812 ) .
This group eventually grew in size and toured in Germany , Italy and Austria .
Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes , first Chief Justice of N.S.W.
of Schauenburg and Holstein gave the village to a Cistercian convent .
The levels of Duke Nukem 3D take the player outdoors and indoors through rendered street scenes , military bases , deserts , flooded cities , space stations , moon bases and Japanese villas .
Humans have used artificial selection for thousands of years in the domestication of plants and animals .
Glen Matlock ( born 27 August 1956 , Paddington , West London ) is an English bass guitarist most famous for being in the original line-up of the punk rock band Sex Pistols .
Balukas went on to win the next two U.S. Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins , her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself .
He became jure uxoris King of Castile when Isabella succeeded her deceased brother in 1474 to be crowned as Queen Isabella I of Castile .
Individual leaves can reach 70 c in length .
A functionary is someone who carries out a particular role within an organization ; this again is quite a close synonym for official , as a noun , but with connotations closer to bureaucrat .
Software Final years Until her death , Parker lived at Heritage House Convalescent Center , a retirement community in Shelbyville , Indiana .
'' Neither '' here is assumed as meaning either an undescribed form of an alternate gender Spectrum ( unrelated to the male-female one ) or completely lacking a gender ( not to be confused with asexuality ) .
Soize is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills , after years of suffering from what she had claimed to be a very rare and painful photo allergy induced by an earlier penicillin treatment that had forced her to avoid practically all sunlight for years .
Parachutes has spawned the hit singles '' Shiver '' , '' Yellow '' , '' Trouble '' , and '' Do n't Panic '' .
The dynasty accumulated several other holdings , building the Angevin Empire which at its peak stretched from the Pyrenees to Ireland .
It is also the current home for the K-League football club Daejeon Citizen , and National League side Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC . Daejeon also hosts amateur football club Daejeon de la Cuba , which plays in the Super Sunday Football League .
While Australian citizens living in the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory are represented in the Commonwealth Parliament , Norfolk Islanders are not represented federally .
Benton set up the Benton Foundation , which managed the Britannica until 1996 .
The bulk of the elements in the periodic table , those to the left of a diagonal line drawn from boron to polonium , are metals .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and the digital satellite , digital terrestrial , IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland .
Alien Resurrection was released on November 26 , 1997 and received mixed reviews from film critics .
Madame Adelaide 's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include O'Malley . She starts a charity foundation providing a home for all of Paris ' stray cats .
and lasted until November 15 , 1960 .
Also used in frozen foods and beverages , xanthan gum helps create the pleasant texture in many ice creams , along with guar gum and locust bean gum .
Scyphozoa is a class within the phylum Cnidaria , sometimes referred to as the '' true jellyfish '' .
Aung San Suu Kyi derives her name from three relatives : '' Aung San '' from her father , '' Suu '' from her paternal grandmother and '' Kyi '' from her mother Khin Kyi .
God is believed by some Christians to be immanent ( meaning that he is with and within all things ) , while others believe the plan of redemption in scriptures show he will be immanent later as seen in , , and , and most believe he is also transcendent ( meaning that he is outside space and time , and therefore eternal and unable to be changed by forces within the universe ) .
Development of the album delayed the release date several times .
Servius Sulpicius Galba is a Roman Consul .
It was first published in three volumes by Joseph Johnson of London in 1801 , and was later reprinted by Pandora Press in 1986 .
Public S&P 500 Component
Some series , like A1 Grand Prix and the GP2 series , award bonus points to the driver\/team with the fastest lap .
In England , Wales and Northern Ireland it is a purely ceremonial post conferred by letters patent .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Mood disorder is the term designating a group of diagnoses in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM IV TR ) classification system where a disturbance in the person 's mood is hypothesized to be the main underlying feature . The classification is known as mood ( affective ) disorders in ICD 10 .
'' Born in Blood and Fire '' .
This makes it a very interesting place to see how different types of people live , to hear them speak their languages , and to try lots of different kinds of food .
On 21 June 2005 the X-37 completed a captive-carry flight underneath the White Knight from Mojave Spaceport , Mojave , California .
In 1999 the North Maluku ( Maluku Utara ) and Halmahera Tengah ( Central Halmahera ) regencies were split off as a separate province , so the islands are now divided between two provinces , Maluku and North Maluku .
Mansfield is a small town in the foothills of the Victorian part of the Australian Alps .
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex , also called the Blake River Group , is a giant subaqueous caldera cluster or a nested caldera system that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada .
The Games are officially closed , and the Paralympic flame is extinguished .
She started with lessons from her mother , who composed little pieces accompanied by illustrations , before beginning study at the London Violoncello School at age five .
From 1917 to 1922 , the predecessor to the Soviet Union was the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( RSFSR ) , which was an independent country , as were other Soviet republics at the time .
This caused a great number of people to come to South Africa from Europe .
Typ 14 was derived from the Volkswagen Golf Mk1 ,
The curves are also claimed to suggest the body of a wriggling Chinese dragon .
R is the eighteenth letter of the modern Latin alphabet .
On September 2 , 2004 , Tropical Depression Nine formed from a large tropical wave southwest of Cape Verde .
Nora killed two in Mexico : an electrocution by a downed power line in Mexicali , Baja California , and a diver caught in strong underwater currents created by Nora off the coast of the San Quintin Valley .
His third studio album Something to Say ( 2008 ) also enjoyed chart success with # 1 hits '' You Are Everything '' and '' The Motions '' .
In 1981 it was made into a TV movie , starring Randy Quaid as Lennie , and Robert Blake as George , and was directed by Reza Badiyi .
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
In 2003 , he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Jason Alexander ' as Lil ' Lightning : The Corgi of Thunderbolt 's famous show , Thunderbolt 's little sidekick .
Paleontology , evolutionary developmental biology , comparative genomics and genomic phylostratigraphy contribute most of the evidence for the patterns and processes that can be classified as macroevolution .
Andrew M. St. Laurent , Understanding Open Source & Free Software Licensing , pp .
He currently resides in St. Petersburg , Florida .
Book of Sydney Suburbs , Frances Pollon ( Angus and Robertson ) 1990 The Australian Museum records that Bondi means place where a flight of nullas took place .
FreeNAS is a free network-attached storage server , supporting : CIFS ( Samba ) , FTP , NFS , rsync , AFP protocols , iSCSI , S.M.A.R.T. , local user authentication , and software RAID (/O0,1,5/O) , with a web-based configuration interface .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Although black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations , they are caused by different substances -- piperine and hydroxy-alpha sanshool , respectively .
They have a '' crown '' of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the '' crown '' .
Rapid is Austria 's most successful side with 32 championships to its credit , as well as the German Championship in 1941 when Austria was part of Germany .
Her appearances in mythology are sparse , but reveal her as a figure of exceptional power and beauty .
Each player uses a racquet that is strung to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over a net into the opponent 's court .
However , because the USB 2.0 specification , which introduced high-speed , incorporates and supersedes the USB 1.1 specification , any compliant full-speed or low-speed device is still a USB 2.0 device . Thus , not all USB 2.0 hubs operate at high-speed .
Kevin Edward Doyle ( born 18 September 1983 ) is an Irish international footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Hibari Misora 's ancestry is a matter of dispute .
Mr. Poe , Justice Strauss , and many audience members object , but finally Strauss concludes that the ceremony has been legal .
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
Charles Robert '' Chuck '' Gardiner ( December 31 , 1904 - June 13 , 1934 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League .
The latter attempted to establish control over the pirates , but failed .
Gbangbatoke is a small town in Moyamba District in the Southern province of Sierra Leone .
Two processes , possibly acting together , can lead to air becoming saturated : cooling the air or adding water vapor to the air .
Malam Jabba is home to the only ski resort in Pakistan .
The two men then arrive , dressed as mustachioed Albanians .
But the hotel of interest has infinitely many rooms , so if you move the guest occupying room 1 to room 2 , the guest occupying room 2 to room 3 and so on , you can fit the newcomer into room 1 .
For example , many different things can be red .
It is probably the most famous painting that has ever been stolen from the Louvre and recovered .
Montussan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Although Freud 's theories on early childhood have been influential on the psychological community , research suggests that the overall pattern of parental attitudes has a much more concrete effect on how an infant will grow up .
Alvin Burke , Jr. ( born October 28 , 1973 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling . He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the ring name Montel Vontavious Porter ( MVP ) .
The Vancouver Canucks are a professional ice hockey team based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In 1485 , by the Leipziger division , the brothers split the Wettin possessions , with Ernest receiving northern Meissen , southern Thuringia , and Wittenberg , and Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meissen .
Taupe ( ) refers to a dark grayish-brown color .
Fate A white dwarf is stable once formed and will continue to cool almost indefinitely ; eventually , it will become a black white dwarf , also called a black dwarf .
Chapultepec aqueduct , Mexico D.F Levadas , of 17th century aqueducts on the Portuguese island of Madeira .
In The Muppet Show he performed as a performance artist , stuntman and daredevil under the name '' The Great Gonzo '' ( or '' Gonzo the Great '' ) .
May 8 & ndash ; Jack Cade 's Rebellion : Kentishmen revolt against King Henry VI .
The boys were separated from the main convict population and kept on Point Puer , the British Empire 's first boys ' prison .
It began as a dispute in the 11th century between the Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV , and Pope Gregory VII concerning who would appoint bishops ( investiture ) .
It includes all features and functions of the permanently installed version , except explorer shell-menu integration and the ability to associate file types with it .
The Eastern and Central Division teams played a 35-game unbalanced but interlocking schedule , with the four teams from the Central Division and the top two teams from the Eastern Division qualifying for the postseason .
It has no eye and does not typically have the organization or the spiral shape of more powerful storms .
Kirby , Ontario
In the 1970s , Bishara attended the Hebrew University in Jerusalem , was the head of the Arab Student Union , and was also active in the Jewish-Arab student group Campus .
Theo James Walcott ( born 16 March 1989 ) is an English footballer who plays for Arsenal and the England national team .
It adjoins the Thar Desert extending over to Sindh and into India .
Neo now '' sees '' the lines of green computer code that comprise the Matrix . Agent Smith makes a final attempt to kill him , but his punches are effortlessly blocked , and Neo destroys him .
The basic number of chromosomes in the somatic cells of an individual or a species is called the somatic number and is designated 2n .
The role of Taoiseach is that of a prime minister .
Riluzole is believed to reduce damage to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate via activation of glutamate transporters .
They were a combination of the Anglo-Saxon and Roman systems .
It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living , Living2 and Virgin 1 ( Formerly Ftn ) , primarily for the UK market .
Ohio State is currently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as the best public university in Ohio , among the top 130 universities in the world , among the top 60 universities in the United States , and among the top 20 public universities in the United States .
is +1.92 V , beyond that for chlorine to chloride , +1.36 V/O. As a consequence cobalt ( III ) and chloride would result in the cobalt ( III ) being reduced to cobalt ( II ) . Since the reduction potential for fluorine to fluoride is so high , +2.87 V , cobalt ( III ) fluoride is one of the few simple stable cobalt ( III ) compounds .
Strategic bombing is a methodology distinct from both tactical bombing and the use of strategic air assets in an operational capacity . Such a strategy usually involves sustained attacks over a period of time on targets that affect a nation 's overall war making capability , such as factories , railroads , oil refineries , and other resources .
Jefferson Davis and other southern secessionist leaders were unfavorably compared to Arnold , implicitly and explicitly likening the idea of secession to treason .
However , by 1999 he was no longer recommending IDEA due to the availability of faster algorithms , some progress in its cryptanalysis , and the issue of patents .
An example is the Alexander Mosaic , showing the confrontation of the young conqueror and the Grand King Darius III at the Battle of Issus , a mosaic from a floor in the House of the Faun at Pompeii ( now in Naples ) .
Swanage is located in Swanage Bay in Dorset on the south coast of England at ( 50.612 , & minus ; 1.958 ) .
It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by the Islamic prophet Muhammad , and a force led by Abu Sufyan ibn Harb from Mecca , the town from which many of the Muslims had previously emigrated .
The exposition organization began to plan for its own sports activities , informing the Chicago OCOG that its own international sports events intended to eclipse the Olympic Games unless they were moved to St. Louis .
Sulz , Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland
In general , density can be changed by changing either the pressure or the temperature .
The Serenade No. 13 for strings in G major , K. 525 was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1787 . The work is more commonly known by the title Eine kleine Nachtmusik .
'' Say It Right '' is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado , from her third studio album , Loose ( 2006 ) .
His first book , The Nature of the Chemical Bond ( 1939 ) , is considered influential even to this day , as is his introductory textbook , General Chemistry ( 1947 ) .
Born in Canada , the young Nakajima-Farran moved to Japan and later to England .
Autingues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Started at the 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game in Pittsburgh in 1990 , the NHL uses the event to showcase the talents of its all-star participants .
Poiana Mare is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 12,528 people .
It was released on September 20 , 2008 .
Before his appointment to lead the Discovery Expedition , Scott had followed the conventional career of a naval officer in peacetime Victorian Britain , where opportunities for career advancement were both limited and keenly sought after by ambitious officers .
In the annual Howard Hughes Medical Institute Scientific Meeting held on November 13 , 2006 in Ashburn , Virginia , Dr. Mello recounted the phone call that he received announcing that he had won the prize .
It is the island 's ferry port and is home to one of the nation 's three international airports .
Anabolism ( from Greek ana , '' upward '' , and ballein , '' to throw '' ) is the set of metabolic pathways that construct molecules from smaller units .
Year 1466 ( MCDLXVI ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing ad-hoc construction .
Above both sides of the vocal folds ( the hole and the ligament itself ) are the vestibular folds or false vocal folds which have a small sac between the two folds ( not illustrated ) .
Libreville is the capital and largest city of Gabon .
Water polo is a team water sport .
Leitchfield is a city in and the county seat of Grayson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Cardinals showed improvement in Whisenhunt 's first season , finishing 8-8 after finishing 5-11 the previous two seasons and losing 10 or more games in seven of the previous eight campaigns .
The water hemisphere has only one-eighth of the world 's land , including Australia , New Zealand , Antarctica , a small part of Southeast Asia and the southern part of South America .
The crust is underlain by the mantle .
The human body mostly consists of a head , neck , torso , two arms and two legs , as well as numerous internal organ groups such as respiratory , circulatory and a central nervous system .
Torres is as revered among guitarists as Antonio Stradivari is revered among violinists .
With Shawn Michaels winning the belt , it made him the first Grand Slam Champion in WWE .
CN originally referred to Canadian National , the railway company that built the tower .
Ford played a homemaker with a husband ( played by Ted McGinley ) and three children .
The tunnels are a primary reason why a subway system was never built in Odessa .
Sean Martin , The Knights Templar , p. 13 He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templars , the Cathars , various elements of the Crusades , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
Females usually mature at 2 - 3 m. Mated females will lay a clutch of 30-60 eggs in a mound of dry leaves or peat .
Robert Barton Englund ( born June 6 , 1947 ) is an American actor and voice-actor , best known for playing the fictional serial killer Freddy Krueger , in the Nightmare on Elm Street film series .
Lip balm or lip salve is a waxy substance applied topically to the lips of the mouth to relieve chapped or dry lips , angular cheilitis , stomatitis , or cold sores .
philosophy that was developedMoore , John S. Aleister Crowley as Guru in Chaos International , Issue No. 17 .
A walker or walking frame is a tool for disabled or elderly people who need additional support to maintain balance or stability while walking .
Pulsars are highly magnetized , rotating neutron stars that emit a beam of electromagnetic radiation .
A. lumbricoides is the largest intestinal roundworm and is the most common helminth infection of humans worldwide , an infection known as ascariasis .
Parasitoids are organisms whose larval development occurs in or out of another organism 's body , resulting in the death of the host .
Barbaree , H. C. , & Seto , M. C. ( 1997 ) .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
His most notable films include Reservoir Dogs (/O1992/O) , Pulp Fiction (/O1994/O) , Jackie Brown (/O1997/O) , Kill Bill ( 2003 -- 2004 ) , Death Proof (/O2007/O) and Inglourious Basterds (/O2009/O) .
Bruys is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
TNT is a Norwegian hard rock/glam metal band .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
The reserve is also a home to many other endangered species including : red pandas , golden monkeys , white-lipped deer and many precious plants .
He was a member of Les Six - also known as the Groupe des Six - and one of the most prolific composers of the 20th century .
Bottrop grew as a mining center beginning in the 1860s , was chartered as a city in 1921 , and bombed during the Oil Campaign of World War II .
On November 2 , 2009 Bridgestone announced that they will not be renewing their contract to supply tyres to Formula One teams after 2010 .
The word '' Tizimin '' means '' tapir '' in the Maya language .
In addition to writing all six Rocky films , Stallone also wrote Cobra , Driven , and Rambo .
He would sometimes preach to audiences of more than 10,000 people .
N. fowleri can invade and attack the human nervous system . Although this occurs rarely , such an infection will nearly always result in the death of the victim .
Decatur ( ) is the largest city and the county seat of Macon County in the U.S. state of Illinois .
McLaren lost all points in the 2007 Constructors Championship as a result of a World Motorsport Council decision over the 2007 Formula One espionage controversy .
The battle involved over 600,000 soldiers , making it the largest battle in Europe prior to World War I.
They are the saddles used in all of the Olympic equestrian disciplines . The term English saddle encompasses several different styles of saddle , including those used for eventing , show jumping and hunt seat , dressage , saddle seat , horse racing and polo .
They are harvested before the first light frost , when the plant 's foliage dies .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS ( Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 ) was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
Other examples of wireless technology include GPS units , garage door openers and or garage doors , wireless computer mice , keyboards and headsets , satellite television and cordless telephones .
Avroult is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Stephen Christopher Corica ( born March 24 , 1973 in Innisfail , Australia ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) player who last played for Australian A-League team Sydney FC .
The next week on Raw , Orton claimed that his confidence was at an all-time high , despite what happened on SmackDown the week before .
Bidher is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
Bruce Moreland left the band for the first time soon after this , and Chas Gray performed on both bass and keyboard during this time .
These feature impossible constructions , explorations of infinity , architecture , and tessellations .
World War One Southampton Tramways were mainly affected by staffing issues during World War I. With the introduction of female '' conductorettes '' .
Takeshi Hamada is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokushima Vortis .
Random House , Inc. is the world 's largest English-language general trade book publisher .
MedlinePlus = 000527
Avon-by-the-Sea , New Jersey , a borough
Soapstone ( also known as steatite or soaprock ) is a metamorphic rock , a talc-schist .
The United States presidential election of 2000 was a contest between Republican candidate George W. Bush , then-governor of Texas and son of former president George H. W. Bush ( 1989 - 1993 ) , and Democratic candidate Al Gore , then-Vice President .
Courcy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Shadow of the Colossus , released in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCEI ) for the PlayStation 2 .
It was at this point that forty-four different authors began working on the first actual LNH story , later called The Cosmic Plot Device Caper .
March 25 & ndash ; Saturn 's largest moon , Titan , is discovered by Christian Huygens .
Sir Richard was appointed by the High Court of the Admiralty to set up the first English law court in the New World in 1615 in Trinity .
He also hosted Super Bowl XLIII , Super Bowl XLIV , the Africa Cup of Nations in January 2008 , and the Beijing Olympics in August 2008 .
Silba has an area 15 km in the shape of number 8 , with the village of Silba located at the narrowest point in the middle .
Three quarter pants ( Or Flood Pants ) : A name used to refer to pants such as Shants or Shankles which go down to the calf and are arguably not long shorts but short longs .
On 21 March 1612 , Alizon Device , who lived just outside the Lancashire village of Fence , near Pendle Hill , encountered John Law , a pedlar from Halifax .
Saint Croix is an island in the Caribbean Sea , and a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands ( USVI ) , an unincorporated territory of the United States .
Cooper Tire became the official tire of the A1 Grand Prix , dubbed the World Cup of Motorsports , for the series ' initial 2005-2006 season .
He also earned 7 caps for the Italy national football team , and played in the 1962 FIFA World Cup , including the infamous Battle of Santiago , and the 1968 UEFA European Football Championship , where Italy lifted their first European title .
Thus some early copyists changed Matthew 5:22 from '' whosoever is angry with his brother shall be in danger of the judgment '' to the watered-down '' whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment . ''
During her junior year , she studied theater at the prestigious London-based British European Studio Group program , an experience that solidified her desire to act .
Year 33 ( XXXIII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
One of Wright 's sons , Frank Lloyd Wright Jr. , known as Lloyd Wright , was also a notable architect in Los Angeles .
Through a system of separation of powers and the system of '' checks and balances , '' each of these branches has some authority to act on its own , some authority to regulate the other two branches , and has some of its own authority , in turn , regulated by the other branches .
Fossils have been found in Europe and the Middle East .
A professorial chair is named after him at the Southern Baptist Samford University , the Billy Graham Professor of Evangelism and Church Growth .
Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm over the western Atlantic Ocean in August during the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Bernstein then appointed him as assistant conductor of the New York Philharmonic where he remained for the next four years .
Matsunaga Hisahide , Japanese warlord ( d. 1577 )
Historical Atlas of China ( China )
It was used by the monks of the Fuke school of Zen Buddhism in the practice of .
The authorities initially rejected the proposal by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs , but made an about-turn when the government announced plans to install half-height platform screen doors in a speech on 25 January 2008 , citing lower costs due to it becoming a more common feature worldwide .
Some of the first original programming to air on WIIC included Studio Wrestling and Chiller Theatre , both hosted by Cardille .
John Francis O'Shea ( born 30 April 1981 ) is an Irish professional footballer , who currently plays for Manchester United and the Republic of Ireland national team .
Its 56 participating states are in Europe , the Caucasus , Central Asia and North America and cover most of the northern hemisphere .
She was open about the benefits of psychiatric treatment , she spoke understandingly about marijuana use and premarital sex , and the new First Lady pointedly stated that she and the President shared the same bed during a televised White House tour .
Substituting for petroleum fuels other liquids made from biomass or wastes ( pp .
That is , any problem in NP can be reduced in polynomial time by a deterministic Turing machine to the problem of determining whether a Boolean formula is satisfiable .
More generally , desalination may also refer to the removal of salts and minerals , as in soil desalination . Water is desalinated in order to convert salt water to fresh water so it is suitable for human consumption or irrigation .
The government of the France is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the fifth Republic .
The Jack of Spades , Jack of Hearts , and King of Diamonds are drawn in profile , while the rest of the court are shown in full face ; these cards are commonly called '' one-eyed '' .
Brahui is spoken in the southwest region of Pakistan , as well as regions of Afghanistan and Iran which border Pakistan ; however , many members of the ethnic group no longer speak Brahui , but have shifted to Balochi .
Holothuroidea are generally scavengers , feeding on debris in the benthic zone of the ocean .
Some scholars believe 2 Peter to be a pseudepigraphal work .
I need thy presence every passing hour .
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber ( 18 -- 19 November 17864 -- 5 June 1826 ) was a German composer , conductor , pianist , guitarist and critic , one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school .
It is colored in Transport for London 's ( TfL ) Corporate Magenta on the Tube map and in other branding .
Some , notably the St. Louis Cardinals , threatened to strike if Robinson played .
In addition to announcing SmackDown and pay-per-view matches , Roberts would also announce on WWE Superstars , including its inaugural episode on April 16 , 2009 .
Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by English power metal band DragonForce , released through Noise Records on May 11 , 2004 .
Midgley himself had to take a prolonged vacation to cure himself of lead poisoning .
The larvae of many beetle families are predatory like the adults ( ground beetles , ladybirds , rove beetles ) .
They argue it is not possible for a human to produce a book like the Qur ` an , as the Qur ` an itself maintains .
When the Archean began , the Earth 's heat flow was nearly three times higher than it is today , and it was still twice the current level at the transition from the Archean to the Proterozoic ( 2,500 ) .
May 3 & ndash ; Sultan Mehmed IV enters Belgrade .
It supports an 800x480 display resolution , so some web pages can be viewed without horizontal scrolling .
Spacecraft used for human spaceflight carry people on board as crew or passengers , while those used for robotic space missions operate either autonomously or telerobotically .
The novel was denounced by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice ; they attempted to bring a prosecution for obscenity .
There , his father became a Baptist minister .
Local legend has it that Mick Jagger wrote one of his major hits while on location to make Ned Kelly ; but there is no agreement as to which one .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
ISBN 0-300-05483-1 NASA Astrobiology Institute : Earth 's Early Environment and Life NASA Specialized Center of Research and Training in Exobiology : Gustaf O. Arrhenius Dedicated issue of Philosophical Transactions B on Major Steps in Cell Evolution freely available .
Those teams which have never made it in franchise history are listed by the season that they entered the league , either as a new franchise or when they merged into the NHL from the defunct WHA league .
An Anglo-Dutch force captured Gibraltar in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession .
The race lasts three weeks and attracts cyclists from around the world .
For instance , measurements in control of hypertension should be at least 1 hour after caffeine , 30 minutes after smoking or strenuous exercise and without any stress .
Many of the genes involved in color vision are on the X chromosome , making color blindness more common in males than in females .
On a molecular level , this can happen due to random mutation unrelated to adaptive changes ; see long branch attraction .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as ( East Germany ) , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
The highest is 100 F ( 38 C ) in Fort Yukon ( which is just inside the arctic circle ) on June 27 , 1915 , tied with Pahala , Hawaii as the lowest high temperature in the United States .
In 1980 , Frederick Sanger won his second Nobel Prize in Chemistry and became the fourth person to win two Nobel Prizes .
Islington Council is considering redeveloping the site of the current station , and Highbury Corner generally , possibly covering the North London Line tracks with an office block above the site .
Los Jovillos ( D.M. )
When the trigger is activated , the shaft of the cnidocyst penetrates the target organism , and the hollow thread is everted into it .
Dustin Luis Pedroia ( born August 17 , 1983 , in Woodland , California ) is an American professional baseball second baseman with the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball .
Loyal may refer to : The concept of loyalty .
The district capital is the town of Lenzburg .
A pupil of Raphael , his stylistic deviations from high Renaissance classicism help define the 16th-century style known as Mannerism .
If a contestant failed to match any of the three answers , the bonus round ended .
Philadelphia 's cherry blossoms are located within Fairmount Park , and the annual Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival of Greater Philadelphia celebrates the blooming trees .
Given the central role under the Constitution of the Soviet Union , the party controlled all tiers of government in the Soviet Union and did not tolerate any opposition .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
Arthur Machado ( born 1 January 1909 - Death 20 February 1997 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
despite Ansett Air being the official sponsor .
Within today 's society , connotation branches into a mixture of different meanings . These could include the contrast of a word or phrase with its primary , literal meaning ( known as a denotation ) , with what that word or phrase specifically denotes .
Animal testing , also known as animal experimentation , animal research , and in vivo testing , is the use of non-human animals in experiments .
These arachnids are known for their exceptionally long walking legs , compared to body size , although there are also short-legged species .
After his father went broke in 1926 , the family moved to Winnipeg , but were unable to afford to stay there .
'' My Bologna '' is '' Weird Al '' Yankovic 's parody of '' My Sharona '' by The Knack .
There are many ways to define a logical disk or volume .
Ian Albert Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Adam Woodyatt .
Psi ( Cyrillic ) ( , ) , a letter of the early Cyrillic alphabet , adopted from Greek
Peter and the Wolf is a composition by Sergei Prokofiev written in 1936 after his return to the Soviet Union .
Although popularly referred to as a nut , the almond fruit 's seed is botanically not a true nut , but the seed of a drupe ( a botanic name for a type of fruit ) .
Tropical Depression 14 formed from a tropical wave on October 14 .
He also produced Hannibal Rising ( 2007 ) , which tells the story of how Hannibal becomes a serial killer .
Vladimir Kozlov
Political correctness ( adjectivally , politically correct ; both forms commonly abbreviated to PC ) is a term which denotes language , ideas , policies , and behavior seen as seeking to minimize social and institutional offense in occupational , gender , racial , cultural , sexual orientation , disability , and age-related contexts .
It is the only Philip K. Dick novel nominated for both a Hugo and for a Nebula Award .
The season officially started on May 15 , 1995 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 , 1995 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1995 .
United States House Committee on Appropriations .
The three Gorgon sisters -- Medusa , Stheno , and Euryale -- were children of the ancient marine deities Phorcys ( or Phorkys ) and his sister Ceto ( or Keto ) , chthonic monsters from an archaic world .
She eventually garnered the nickname '' First Lady of the American Theatre '' and was one of twelve people who have won an Emmy , a Grammy , an Oscar and a Tony Award .
Previously , Sawyer had been co-anchor of ABC Newss morning news program , Good Morning America ( GMA ) .
It is the 6th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series .
Kanami , Japanese noh actor and writer ( d. 1384 )
Coconut water is the clear liquid inside young coconuts ( fruits of the coconut palm ) , not to be confused with coconut milk .
Marco Island is a city in Collier County , Florida , United States , located on an island by the same name in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Southwest Florida . It is a principal city of the Naples -- Marco Island Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Algae ( or ; singular alga , Latin for '' seaweed '' ) are a large and diverse group of simple , typically autotrophic organisms , ranging from unicellular to multicellular forms , such as the giant kelps that grow to 65 meters in length .
Then there must be a smallest such number ( see well-order ) : let it be n/O. This number n can not be 1 , because of the empty-product convention above .
In 1993 , Timberlake joined the cast of The Mickey Mouse Club .
The construction of Portishead '' B '' power station caused the original railway station to be demolished and a replacement station was opened in the High Street on 2 January 1954 .
References See also Delta Works for another major waterworks project in the Netherlands .
In the civil law systems personal property is often called movable property or movables - any property that can be moved from one location to another .
Battle of Polygon Wood
The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening , known as Zeruda no Densetsu : Yume o Miru Shima in Japan , is a 1993 action-adventure video game developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
Michael Leboffe and Burton Pierce , 2nd edition .
New Year 's Eve or Old Year 's Night is on 31 December , the final day of the Gregorian year , and the day before New Year 's Day .
BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station that broadcasts a wide variety of spoken-word programmes , including news , drama , comedy , science and history .
Anne of Austria ( 22 September 1601 -- 20 January 1666 ) was Queen consort of France and Navarre and regent for her son , Louis XIV of France .
Period in years during which the act was or has been active .
It was first performed on 24 January 1934 at the Leningrad Maly Operny .
Bearden is a city in Ouachita County , Arkansas , United States .
Any links to will be treated as links to disambiguation templates .
A review by researchers from the University of California , San Francisco in JAMA concluded that data from dozens of medical reports and studies indicate that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy .
Delays with the album 's artwork pushed the release back an additional month , and Still Life was released on October 18 , 1999 .
Locusts are an edible insect and are considered a delicacy in some countries and in history .
This page provides a guideline of how the concept of notability applies to topics related to music , including artists and bands , albums , and songs .
New Mexico State University - 1970-1983
Founded in 1845 , Baylor is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and is a member of the Big 12 Conference .
With the support of running back Marshall Faulk and wide receivers Isaac Bruce , Torry Holt , Az-Zahir Hakim , and Ricky Proehl , Warner put together one of the top seasons by a quarterback in NFL history , throwing for 4,353 yards with 41 touchdown passes and a completion rate of 65.1 % .
BBC iPlayer , commonly shortened to iPlayer , is an internet television and radio service , developed by the BBC to extend its former RealPlayer-based and other streamed video clip content to include whole TV shows .
During the Iron Age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
Almost everything that is known of Bede 's life is contained in the last chapter of his Historia Ecclesiastica , a history of the church in England .
Military history is a humanities discipline within the scope of general historical recording of armed conflict in the history of humanity , and its impact on the societies , their cultures , economies and changing intra and international relationships .
The Celtics had won their record 17th NBA championship , the first new banner for the TD Banknorth Garden , and the franchise 's first championship in 22 years .
Commander Beverly Crusher , M.D. ( born Beverly Cheryl Howard ) , played by actress Gates McFadden , is a fictional character on the television series ' and its subsequent spinoff films .
The art center is also home to the Gold Coast City Art Gallery .
Prior to establishing the nation 's capital in Washington , D.C. , the United States Congress and its predecessors had met in Philadelphia , New York City , and a number of other locations .
The total area of the city is 42.7 km2 .
Monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides such as sucrose and polysaccharides ( such as cellulose and starch ) .
One of oldest known depiction of a stern-mounted rudder in China can be seen on a 2 ft. long tomb pottery model of a junk dating from the 1st century AD , during the Han Dynasty ( 202 BC-220 AD ) .
This is a selected list of feature films originally created and/or distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ( include MGM/UA Entertainment Co. ) See also List of United Artists films * : public domain 1920s Mademoiselle Midnight ( 1924 ) ( The first film released by MGM .
Elam was centered in the far west and the southwest of modern-day Iran , stretching from the lowlands of Khuzestan and Ilam Province , as well as a small part of southern Iraq .
Andy even voiced Space Ghost in the first of two unaired pilots for the show .
It is famous for its architecture , evocative of Solomon 's Temple of the Old Testament , and its decoration that has been frescoed throughout by the greatest Renaissance artists including Michelangelo , Raphael , Bernini , and Sandro Botticelli .
Type of cold seeps can be distinguished as according to the depth to shallows cold seeps and deep cold seeps .
Direct-to-video releases can be done for films which can not be shown theatrically due to controversial content , or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company .
Kings of Leon - '' Molly 's Chambers ''
Biography Early life Jackson , an only child , was born on 31 October 1961 in Pukerua Bay , a coastal town near Wellington , New Zealand .
Between 1923 and 1926 , he published the magazine Die Deutsche Nation ( '' The German Nation '' ) .
Shinji Okazaki ( Okazaki Shinji , born 16 April 1986 in Takarazuka , Hy go Prefecture ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for J. League team Shimizu S-Pulse .
Zoe Orimoto , from Digimon Frontier
Subject to much publicity , Zhang has been nicknamed the '' Chinese BoA '' and the next leader of the Korean wave .
During battle , the runaways mainly fight in their street clothes and call each other by their given names .
The Three Mile Island accident was a partial core meltdown in Unit 2 ( a pressurized water reactor manufactured by Babcock & Wilcox ) of the Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station in Dauphin County , Pennsylvania near Harrisburg , United States in 1979 .
The first records of a settlement can be dated back to the 12th century .
The song is also featured on the deluxe edition of Beyoncé 's B'Day with Beyoncé on lead and all of Jay-Z 's rap verses removed under the title '' Welcome to Hollywood '' .
As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; wind speeds as high as 320 km\/h ( 200 mph ) have been recorded .
Political scientists study matters concerning the allocation and transfer of power in decision making , the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations , political behavior and public policies .
The city of Melbourne in Australia was named after him .
He also had stints in World Championship Wrestling , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , and World Wrestling Entertainment .
Six species of sea turtles come to the reef to breed the green sea turtle , leatherback sea turtle , hawksbill turtle , loggerhead sea turtle , flatback turtle , and the olive ridley .
The population was 9,832 at the 2000 census .
Saint-Rémy-du-Val is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Important leaders would have been buried with their belongings in kurgans , and possibly also with members of their households or wives ( human sacrifice , suttee ) .
Electric shock
Berthez is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The honey badger possesses an anal pouch which , unusually among mustelids , is reversible , a trait shared with hyenas .
As the most abundant large predator in the Morrison Formation , Allosaurus was at the top of the food chain , probably preying on contemporaneous large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators ( e.g. Ceratosaurus ) .
Christians and Jews were termed as ` people of the Book ' .
It contains slightly over one percent of the mass of the entire main belt .
Percy then holds the figurine of the god that Bianca gave him at the junkyard .
James M. Broom ( 1776 -- 1850 ) , American lawyer and politician
Woody Woodpecker is an animated cartoon character , an anthropomorphic acorn woodpecker who appeared in theatrical short films produced by the Walter Lantz animation studio and distributed by Universal Pictures .
It overlooks the Menai Strait and lies by the Menai Suspension Bridge , built in 1826 by Thomas Telford .
The exoplanet 's discovery was announced on October 6 , 1995 , by Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz .
'' Butters ' Bottom Bitch '' is the ninth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 190th overall episode of the series .
Left 4 Dead 2 was released on Steam on November 17 , 2009 .
was a genus of giant flightless predatory birds that lived in Patagonia , containing the single species Phorusrhacos longissimus .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura - the largest natural lake being Lac de Chalain , measuring 3km long and 1km wide .
Content or contents , is something that is contained .
Being too wrapped up in rules can cause loss of perspective , so there are times when it is better to ignore a rule .
A second twenty-episode season ran from March 17 , 2006 through December 1 .
Alet-les-Bains ( Alet in Occitan , formerly spelt Aleth ) is a commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France .
Spin magazine awarded 4 stars out of 5 in their review and complimented the band for standing out in a generic genre .
He is known for his crossing , speed and dribbling .
QWERTY ( ) is the most used modern-day keyboard layout .
When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away , Idomeneo can only reply that the youth must leave .
Damage to nerves can be caused by physical injury or swelling ( e.g. carpal tunnel syndrome ) , autoimmune diseases ( e.g. Guillain-Barr é syndrome ) , infection ( neuritis ) , diabetes or failure of the blood vessels surrounding the nerve .
It was announced on January 30 , 2009 that '' War Machine '' and '' Shoot to Thrill '' , both by AC\/DC , be the theme songs for WrestleMania .
Life Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791 , the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
The existence and properties of parallel lines are the basis of Euclid 's parallel postulate .
Felix and Hugo White are brothers , along with Will White , who is the lead singer and guitarist with another indie band , Talk Taxis .
Mozart met Joseph Haydn in Vienna , and the two composers became friends ( see Haydn and Mozart ) . When Haydn visited Vienna , they sometimes played together in an impromptu string quartet .
Shahroudi is most notable in the West for instituting Iran 's 2002 moratorium on stoning as a form of capital punishment .
Below is a list of known South Atlantic tropical cyclones .
is an action-adventure video game , the second game in the Metroid series , and the only one developed for the Nintendo Game Boy .
Upload protection protects the file from , does not protect the file page from editing .
Throughout the series , the Alliance is shown to govern the star system through an organization of '' core '' planets , following its success in forcibly unifying all of the colonies under a single government .
The area contains an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly & ndash ; established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty ( c. 1353 BC ) , and abandoned shortly afterwards .
After taking part in the British Celebrity Big Brother TV show in 2007 , Shetty was crowned the winner with 63 % of the final vote , after an international racism controversy involving her and fellow contestants Jade Goody , Jo O'Meara and Danielle Lloyd .
is the most widely spoken constructed international auxiliary language .
Nemertea is a phylum of invertebrate animals also known as ribbon worms or proboscis worms .
City Court Judge Seymour D. Robinowitz presided over the hushed ceremony in the law office of Sam Slavitt ( the wedding had been kept secret from both the press and the public ) .
Henry Daglish ( 18 November 1866 - 16 August 1920 ) was the sixth Premier of Western Australia and the state 's first Labor Premier .
The bonus round was originally known as the '' Gold Rush '' and played after each game in the match .
The economic costs of the war were felt all across Greece ; poverty became widespread in the Peloponnese , while Athens found itself completely devastated , and never regained its pre-war prosperity .
It debuted on April 5 , 1987 as the Fox network 's second primetime series after Married ... with Children , and ran until May 26 , 1990 .
On 1 September 1939 , Germany and Slovakia- a client state in 1939 - attacked Poland .
the computer lab
Having the requisite qualifications , Robinson and several other black soldiers applied for admission to an Officer Candidate School ( OCS ) then located at Fort Riley .
At midday on July 16 , a tropical depression formed , and within 12 hours it strengthened into a tropical storm .
Trippin is a 2005 MTV environmental documentary television series hosted by Cameron Diaz .
Because of this , breaking a cryptosystem is not restricted to breaking the underlying cryptographic algorithms - usually it is far easier to break the system as a whole , eg , through the not uncommon misconceptions of users in respect to the cryptosystem .
From 1969 to 1976 , Shearer was a member of The Credibility Gap , a radio comedy group .
Jenkins often wore elaborate costumes that she designed herself , sometimes appearing in wings and tinsel , and , for Clavelitos , throwing flowers into the audience while fluttering a fan and sporting more flowers in her hair .
With much of its present architecture dating from Norman times , it became a cathedral in 1877 and is the second longest cathedral in the United Kingdom .
In recent years there have been a few incidents in which snapshots taken by parents of their infant or toddler children bathing or otherwise naked were challenged as child pornography .
Overview It was performed in 24 teams , and Botafogo won the championship .
Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services ; these often differ only by the last digit .
Statistics of the Prva HNL 2004-05 season .
The students follow the instructions left by their teacher and all goes fairly smoothly until Mr. Fabiano is called upon to participate in a school assembly that afternoon .
Templates can be adjusted for print to avoid some of the problems , see Help for Experts for details .
East Pakistan was created from Bengal Province based on a plebiscite in what was then British India in 1947 .
Tropical Storm Zeta never threatened land so no coastal watches or warnings were issued .
The Guadalcanal Campaign , also known as the Battle of Guadalcanal , was fought between August 7 , 1942 and February 9 , 1943 on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the Pacific theater of World War II .
The Order consists of the Sovereign and sixteen Knights and Ladies , as well as certain '' extra '' knights ( members of the British Royal Family and foreign monarchs ) .
There is two governing bodies in Lower Kalskag , one is the City of Lower Kalskag , which is a Municipal Government . The other is the Village of Lower Kalskag , which is a Tribal Government .
Falwell issued an attack in his National Liberty Journal , citing a Washington Post '' In\/Out '' column which stated that lesbian comedian Ellen DeGeneres was '' out '' as the chief national gay representative , while trendy Tinky Winky was '' in '' .
File : P \* ( ( Ima ?
Laurasia ( , OED ) was a supercontinent that most recently existed as a part of the split of the Pangaea supercontinent in the late Mesozoic era .
In the 18th century , improvements in ammunition and firing methods allowed rifling to be practical for military use , and the term '' rifled gun '' gave way to '' rifle '' .
The emitted electrons can be referred to as photoelectrons in this context .
GiveIndia has earlier conceptualised the Mumbai and Delhi marathon charity angles and runs the largest Payroll Giving programme in the country in companies like NDTV , Star , Zee and 30 leading companies like ICICI , HDFC , HSBC , Bajaj , etc. .
World production in 2001 was 165 million tonnes , with an approximate value of US$ 8 billion .
Kate Cary ( born November 4 , 1967 in England ) is one of the authors of the Warriors novel series , a story about wild cats , which she writes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
Hershey and Chase conducted their experiments on the T2 phage , a virus whose structure had recently been shown by electron microscopy .
Both races were held at the Tanaka International Aida circuit ( now Okayama International Circuit ) , a slow , twisty 2.3-mile track deep in the countryside in Aida ( near Kobe ) , Japan .
Fogo ( Portuguese for '' fire '' ) is an island in the Sotavento group of Cape Verde .
In doing so , it becomes oxidized , and is therefore the electron donor in the redox .
It is well documented in historical religions of Classical Antiquity , especially Greek polytheism and Roman polytheism , and after the decline of classical polytheism in tribal religions such as Germanic polytheism or Slavic polytheism .
Being sterile , the plant 's purple flowers fail to produce viable seeds ; reproduction depends on human assistance : corms , underground bulb-like starch-storing organs , must be dug up , broken apart , and replanted .
Many comedians , writers and others rely on the buttocks in these and other ways ( such as flatulence and toilet humor ) as a source of amusement , camaraderie and fun , despite ( or in some cases for the sake of ) the risk of being in dubious taste , if not censored .
He is married to Dorothy , a priest in the Church of England , and they have three children .
Burnham 's descendants followed in his footsteps and are active in Scouting and in the military .
Albert Coates ( 23 April 1882 -- 11 December 1953 ) was an Anglo-Russian conductor and composer .
Four major rivers cross the Range , including the Delta River , and Nenana River in the center of the range and the Nabesna and Chisana Rivers to the east .
Digital album with CD -- everything included above as well as an Enhanced CD to be mailed to the customer no later than November 30 , 2008 , for $ 11.99 and $ 3.00 shipping .
The or Bayreuth Festival Theatre is an opera house north of Bayreuth , Germany , dedicated solely to the performance of operas by the 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner .
where p is the absolute pressure of the gas ; V is the volume ; N is the number of particles in the gas ; k is Boltzmann 's constant relating temperature and energy ; and T is the absolute temperature .
They were probably a people of seafarers , the North Sea spanning from Britain to Eastern Denmark , was referred to as the Mare Frisia at that time .
Jack goes on to become the central character in Torchwood , an adult-themed spin-off of Doctor Who .
Kuala Lumpur later achieved city status in 1972 , becoming the first settlement in Malaysia to be granted the status after independence . Later , on February 1 , 1974 , Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League .
The company initially made smartphones based mostly on Microsoft 's Windows Mobile operating system ( OS ) software , but in 2009 it began to shift its core focus away from Windows Mobile devices to devices based on Android OS .
In 1990 Magdeburg became the capital of the new state of Saxony-Anhalt within reunified Germany .
On January 1 , 1971 , the federal holiday was shifted to the third Monday in February by the Uniform Monday Holiday Act .
Tropical Storm Arthur formed near the Belize coast early on May 31 , developing out of the interaction between a tropical wave and the remnants of Tropical Storm Alma , and made landfall on Belize later that day .
In geometry a henagon ( or monogon ) is a polygon with one edge and one vertex .
Many websites converted their front page to black and white ; Sina.com and Sohu , major internet portals , limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements .
Slovenia adopts the Euro as its official currency , replacing the tolar .
rating low probabilities by the number of ` nines ' in the decimal expansion of the probability of their not happening : for example , a system which will fail with a probability of 10 5 is 99.999 % reliable : '' five nines '' .
Jenny Redfern , '' Christine de Pisan and The Treasure of the City of Ladies : A Medieval Rhetorician and Her Rhetoric '' in Lunsford , Andrea A , ed .
Some of Yoko Kanno 's most famous soundtrack themes include '' Kiseki no Umi '' ( Lodoss War ) , '' Voices '' ( Macross Plus ) , '' Tank ! ''
Both the city and the municipality rank as the third largest in the state .
This category contains article about taxa about the family level in the order Anura - the frogs and toads .
Hull House , settlement house in Chicago , Illinois , USA
Saint-Martin-de-Lerm is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
But this gain was not without its loss , as Sempronius avoided Hannibal 's watchfulness , slipped around his flank , and joined his colleague in his camp near the Trebia River near Placentia .
Andreas Bernd Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Springville , Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Granular GMR materials have not been able to produce the high GMR ratios found in the multilayer counterparts .
October & ndash ; James I succeeds his nephew , Peter II , as King of Cyprus .
It was finally recovered on September 24 , 2003 by Scott S. Sheppard on images obtained by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29-30 and September 20 of that year .
Its western terminus is at Middletown , Virginia , at an intersection with Interstate 81 ; its eastern terminus is in Washington , D.C. , at an intersection with U.S. Route 29 .
If the spell book is burned , the Mamodo is forced to return to the Mamodo world , and they lose all claim to the position of the Mamodo king .
Mossman Gorge , a popular attraction within Daintree National Park , is located west of town .
Hattie McDaniel ( June 10 , 1895-October 25 , 1952 ) was an American actress and the first African-American to win an Academy Award .
Cone monochromacy is the condition of having both rods and cones , but only a single kind of cone .
However the plans for the Kasparov match fell through when sufficient financial backing could not be found .
The International Boxing Federation , or IBF , is one of four major organizations recognized by IBHOF which sanction world championship boxing bouts , alongside the WBA , WBC and WBO .
Cecil James Browne ( February 13 , 1896 in Winnipeg , Manitoba - August 13 , 1985 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who was selected '' Manitoba 's Athlete of the Century '' in 1970 .
Nico Rosberg was announced as the team 's first driver on 23 November 2009 and on 23 December 2009 , seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher announced that he will be returning to Formula 1 , this time with the Mercedes team .
Habitat and adaptations The Vampire Squid is an extreme example of a deep-sea cephalopod , thought to reside at aphotic ( lightless ) depths from 600-900 metres ( 2,000-3 ,000 feet ) or more .
Beginning in 1950 , McCarthy became the most visible public face of a period in which Cold War tensions fueled fears of widespread Communist subversion .
The Battle of the Labyrinth was adapted in a 10 hour 32 minutes audiobook read by actor Jesse Bernstein . It was published by Listening Library .
April 23 & ndash ; John de Vere , 12th Earl of Oxford ( d. 1462 )
Currently , it is the secondary championship exclusive to the SmackDown brand .
In mid-October 2008 , WPXI , in collaboration with Cox 's longtime partner Internet Broadcasting , launched a redesigned website .
The Wall is considered as the best selling multiple-disc album of all-time in the U.S.www.neosoul.com / riaa / The Best Selling Albums of All Time in the USA In 1985 , Waters declared Pink Floyd '' a spent force '' , but the remaining members , led by Gilmour , continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd .
'' Lake of the Four Forested Cantons '' ) is a lake in central Switzerland and the fourth largest in the country .
It is part of the Blacksburg -- Christiansburg -- Radford Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Stud poker is any of a number of poker variants in which each player receives a mix of face-down and face-up cards dealt in multiple betting rounds .
Russia views the Estonian , Latvian , and Lithuanian SSRs as legal constituent republics of the USSR and predecessors of the modern Baltic states .
If the president is not present , dies , resigns , or is otherwise unable to fulfill his or her duties , the vice president will generally serve as president .
There are many different stories on how Anamosa was chosen as a name , but all center around a local Native American girl named Anamosa , which means white fawn .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1995/1996 season was contested by 18 teams .
David Yelldell ( born October 1 , 1981 , in Stuttgart ) is a German-born American soccer player who plays for MSV Duisburg of the 2 .
Their song '' Buy Me a Pony '' was a defining song of Australian rock in the '90s and was # 1 on the Triple J Hottest 100 for 1996 .
p. 34 This begins eight centuries of conflict between Ireland and England .
, he was ranked 5th in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
Vaishali or Vesali ( Pali ) was a city , the capital of the Licchavis and the Vajjian Confederacy .
The tipping point for Twitter 's popularity was the 2007 South by Southwest ( SXSW ) festival .
In 1816 , William was made a Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order by the Prince Regent entitling him to the prefix ` Sir ' .
Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp .
Donaldson was born on 2 April 1979 at Waratah , New South Wales .
Cranbrook , British Columbia is a city in southeast British Columbia , located on the west side of the Kootenay River at its confluence with the St. Mary 's River , It is the largest urban center in the region known as the East Kootenay .
Orient is a city in Franklin County , Illinois , United States .
Pearl-shelling was responsible for the arrival of experienced divers from many countries , notably Japan .
Her father , Benjamin Mayson , died when she was young and her mother , Elizabeth Jerram later married again Henry Dorling , who was a widower and had four children of his own .
Messalina , wife of Claudius , persuades Claudius to have Seneca the Younger banished to Corsica on a charge of adultery with Julia Livilla .
This school has educated majority children of color following Clymer 's legacy of rights for all people .
The harder forms , such as anthracite coal , can be regarded as metamorphic rock because of later exposure to elevated temperature and pressure .
Now , most of the theaters are being replaced by shopping malls .
Examples include Arles , Genoa , Hungarian and Milano salame .
Gadsden County is known as an unusual stronghold of the Democratic Party in north Florida . Gadsden shares this distinction with Leon County and Jefferson County to its east , and Alachua County to its southeast .
Budweiser ( ) is a 5.0 % abv pale lager introduced in 1876 by Adolphus Busch and one of the highest selling beers in the United States .
The infection is often asymptomatic , but once established , chronic infection can progress to scarring of the liver ( fibrosis ) , and advanced scarring ( cirrhosis ) which is generally apparent after many years .
One of their sons , Sir Charles Cavendish ( 1553 -- 1617 ) , was the father of William Cavendish , 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne ( see the Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for more information on this branch of the family ) , while another son , Henry Cavendish , was the ancestor of the Barons Waterpark .
; GNU licenses : The GNU General Public License ( GPL ) is a widely used license for free software projects .
Alluvial gold , both in Adelong Creek and Golden Gully is also believed to have been discovered at about the same time , and the field quickly developed into an important producer .
The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland , particularly on the Highveld , where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses , low shrubs , and acacia trees , mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn .
Near the High Street , there is a change in soil type from sandy to clay , which gives rise to local underground springs .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars (/O1978/O) and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple (/O1994/O) .
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance performed to try to invoke rain to protect the harvest .
It is set to have a remix by the Teddybears .
In the United Kingdom , the public followed Baden-Powell 's struggle to hold Mafeking through newspapers , and when the siege was broken , he had become a national hero .
As Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore there was a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning for the Veracruz coastline .
Methods to place a monetary value on ecosystem services where there are no market prices include '' stated preference '' methods and '' revealed preference '' methods .
Vilvoorde is a Belgian municipality in the Flemish province of Flemish Brabant .
The treatment for cardiac arrest is cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) to provide circulatory support , followed by defibrillation if a shockable rhythm is present .
Summer Institute of Linguistics & The University of Texas at Arlington .
The Spot-billed Pelican or Grey Pelican ( Pelecanus philippensis ) is a member of the pelican family .
More recent genetic studies have proposed three groups within the genus , with a primary division into North American and Eurasian species , and a secondary division of the Eurasian into northern short-bracted species and southern long-bracted species ; Semerikov & Lascoux 1999 ; Wei and Wang 2003 , 2004 ; Gros-Louis et al .
Salcedo is the capital city of the Hermanas Mirabal Province in the Dominican Republic .
Preparations On December 10 , the Tropical Prediction Center issued a gale warning for waters north of the Lesser Antilles , Puerto Rico , and the Dominican Republic , in association with the precursor disturbance to Olga .
He exists largely in a state of anomie , as seen from the apathy evinced in the opening lines : ( '' Today mother died .
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 ) Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton ( 1797 - 1873 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Elemental rubidium is very soft and highly reactive , with properties similar to other elements in group 1 , such as very rapid oxidation in air .
The team played its first match on November 15 , 1894 against the Vienna Cricket and Football-Club losing 0:4 to the club which would become a bitter longtime rival until the Cricketers football team was finally dissolved in 1936 .
On June 16 , 1977 , he was killed in a car accident not far from Kewanee , Illinois .
A great part of the modern image of the bell as a relic of the proclamation of American independence was forged by writer George Lippard .
Infocomm facilities The Administrative Block also houses the school 's major infocomm facilities , including 4 Computer Laboratories , a Robotics Lab , an Internet Lab as well as one of the two Macintosh Labs , the other Macintosh Lab being housed in the ArtSpace .
The Hominidae ( ; anglicized hominids , also known as great apes ) , as the term is used here , form a taxonomic family , including four extant genera : chimpanzees , gorillas , humans , and orangutans .
Taylor was born at Sydney in 1872 .
She met George Herbert Walker Bush , a student at Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts at age 16 during a dance over Christmas vacation .
Its territory exceeds , 25 percent of which are covered by forest .
If the potential energy is set to zero at infinity , the usual convention , then bound electron states have negative potential energy .
Argon has atomic number 18 and is the third element in group 18 of the periodic table ( noble gases ) .
In the build up to the release of the album , BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe aired a live set by the band from Maida Vale studios on 30 January 2007 , featuring a mix of old and new songs .
As power consumption ( and consequently heat generation ) by computers has become a concern in recent years , Asanovic et al .
Video games such as Dr. Robotnik 's Mean Bean Machine (/O1993/O) , Knuckles Chaotix (/O1995/O) , Tails ' Skypatrol (/O1995/O) , Tails Adventure (/O1995/O) , and Shadow the Hedgehog (/O2005/O) starred supporting characters of the Sonic series , although Sonic himself cameos in most of these titles .
An IRCd , short for Internet Relay Chat daemon , is server software that implements the IRC protocol , enabling people to talk to each other via the Internet ( exchanging textual messages in real time ) .
Samsung Engineering & Construction is building the tower in a joint venture with Besix from Belgium and Arabtec from UAE .
This consul , Ernst Raven , was assigned to a position in the state of Texas .
After that , he tried to sell the script with the intention of playing the lead role .
Rau was known as a practising Christian ( and sometimes titled , '' Brother John '' , to ridicule his intense Christian position ; however , he sometimes used this term himself ) .
The tetrahydrate cobalt ( II ) fluoride is formed by dissolving cobalt ( II ) in hydrofluoric acid .
The Goomba has appeared in multiple pieces of merchandise , including a Happy Meal toy as part of a Super Mario Bros. 3 promotion by Nintendo and McDonald 's .
The island has been famous for its grapes , wines and red poppies for centuries .
The lyrics are an extended advertising monologue by the owner of a clothing store that is so well-known for its suede garments that said owner is known as the '' King of Suede '' .
George Michael '' Micky '' Dolenz , Jr. ( born March 8 , 1945 ) is an American actor , musician , television director , radio personality and theater director , best known as a member of the 1960s made-for-television band The Monkees .
All four thornmints are native to the California Floristic Province .
A metallic radioactive transuranic element of the actinides , mendelevium is usually synthesized by bombarding einsteinium with alpha particles .
Other features of the city include the Uganda Museum , Ugandan National Theatre , Nakasero Market and St. Balikuddembe Market ( formerly Owino Market ) .
The train is launched by a hydraulic launch mechanism to 128 miles per hour ( 206 km\/h ) in 3.5 seconds . At the end of the launch track , the train climbs the main top hat tower , reaching a height of 456 feet ( 139 m ) .
Tubuai is the name of a group of islands and also the name of its main island , being part of the Austral Islands , French Polynesia , in the Pacific Ocean .
On June 1 , 2010 the league announced that it would merge with the International Hockey League .
The New York Times : Best Pictures The film had been nominated for eight other Academy Awards , including Best Supporting Actor for Al Pacino , James Caan , and Robert Duvall , Best Director , Best Costume Design , Best Film Editing , and Best Sound Mixing .
Elimination Chamber ( 2010 ) ( also known as No Way Out ( 2010 ) in Germany ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on February 21 , 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis , Missouri .
Moisture from the storm extended into the United States , causing heavy rainfall and localized moderate damage in southeastern New Mexico .
He was a Pashtun ( Pathan ) of the Tareen tribe .
For instance , among the Etoro people of Papua New Guinea , it is believed that young boys must fellate their elders and ingest their sperm to achieve proper sexual maturation .
Strauss Brands is the first veal packer in the US to raise veal calves in a completely tether free and group raised since December 31 , 2008 .
Historically a part of Lancashire , Rochdale 's recorded history begins with an entry in the Domesday Book of 1086 under Recedham Manor .
Desso GrassMaster is a sports playing field surface composed of natural grass combined with artificial fibers .
After major refurbishment work was carried out in 2004Fulham Football Club Official Website , the ground 's capacity has increased gradually from 22,000 to its current capacity of 25,700 .
There were the minor North African Campaign ( World War I ) , Arabia and Southern Arabia Campaign and Aden Campaign .
His reputation became entangled in the larger controversies over the effectiveness of the UN and the role of the United States in the UN .
Fosses-la-Ville is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
The company was founded in January 2001 by Martin Penny , Gary Douglas and Robert Powls , who collaborated to purchase the rights to produce a particular style of hair straightening iron from a South Korean inventor .
In the first part of his career he was regarded rightly as one of the great scientific figures of the age .
In 1806 , Joseph was given military command of Naples , and shortly afterward was made king by Napoleon , to be replaced after two years by his sister 's husband , Joachim Murat , when Joseph was made king of Spain in August 1808 , soon after the French invasion .
However , weakening occurred again due to an eyewall replacement cycle , and at 0330 UTC on September 11 Ivan passed 23 miles ( 37 km ) south of Portland Point , Jamaica , its closest approach , with winds of 150 mph ( 240 km/h ) .
Aung San Suu Kyi derives her name from three relatives : '' Aung San '' from her father , '' Suu '' from her paternal grandmother and '' Kyi '' from her mother Khin Kyi . She is frequently called Daw Aung San Suu Kyi .
See Aegukga .
The One Thousand and One Nights includes several tales featuring '' Sea People '' , such as Djullanar the Sea-girl .
Although Brechin does not have city status , the community council formed for the area uses the title City of Brechin and District .
Cynthia Ann Stephanie '' Cyndi '' Lauper ( born June 22 , 1953 ) is an American singer , songwriter and actress .
Turkic languages are spoken as a native language by some 165Turkic Peoples to 180 million people ; Turkic Language family tree entries provide the information on the Turkic-speaking populations and regions .
This moon , like all moons of Uranus , probably formed from an accretion disk that surrounded the planet just after its formation .
Following the establishment of the devolved Scottish Parliament in 1999 , he was elected MSP for Banff and Buchan , thus simultaneously representing the area as both Member of Parliament ( MP ) and MSP . Salmond resigned as SNP leader in 2000 and did not seek re-election to the Scottish Parliament .
However , other sports such as rugby union and track-and-field are also widely practised .
She added a small group of dancers to the company , Sadler 's Wells Theatre opened , and the Vic-Wells Opera Company was formed .
Modern decks vary in size , but most are 7 to 10.5 inches wide .
Zita , patron saint of maids and domestic servants ( d. 1272 )
For books of fiction , please use : Category : Fiction books .
Cramaille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This sort of title-giving was common in medieval and Renaissance times Cf Lorenzo il Magnifico and Richard the Lionheart
Although it has been successfully transplanted and grown in many locales around the world , it is found natively only in North and South Carolina in the United States , specifically within a 60 mile radius of Wilmington , North Carolina .
When the Count presses about the anonymous letter , Susanna and the Countess reveal that the letter was written by Figaro , and then delivered through Basilio .
Edmund Beecher Wilson ( 19 October 1856 -- 3 March 1939 ) was a pioneering American zoologist and geneticist .
When Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5 , it was the earliest ever in the season that the twentieth storm formed , beating the previous record held by Storm 20 of the 1933 season by 21 days .
There are thousands of running IRC networks in the world . They run various implementations of IRC servers , and are administered by various groups of IRC operators , but the protocol exposed to IRC users is very similar , and all IRC networks can be accessed by the same client software , although there might be slight incompatibilities and limited functionality due to the differing server implementations .
The Earth has probably always had some form of basaltic crust , but the age of the oldest oceanic crust today is only about 200 million years .
A driving car from one of the 0 series trains is now in the British National Railway Museum in York , England .
For lines that operate on the same tracks and serve the same next station and final terminal , the rows1 , rows2 , hide1 , and hide2 optional parameters can be used to have the Previous ( the 1s ) or Next ( the 2s ) Station boxes cover more than one line .
and committed to the imprisonment of the Bishop of London .
Oldest national anthem There is some international confusion concerning the oldest anthem in the world .
The Kirovabad pogrom or the pogrom of Kirovabad was an Azeri-led pogrom that targeted Armenians living in the city of Kirovabad ( today called Ganja ) in Soviet Azerbaijan during November 1988 .
At a social dance hosted by her aunt and uncle , Cordy meets Angier Buchanan Duke ( John Davidson , in his film debut ) and they fall in love .
Burnley Football Club are a professional English Football League club based in Burnley , Lancashire .
A passage grave ( sometimes hyphenated ) or passage tomb is often , but not always a tomb , usually dating to the Neolithic .
The Potomac River ( ) flows into the Chesapeake Bay , located along the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States .
Some twenty years after Leonardo 's death , Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benevenuto Cellini as saying : '' There had never been another man born in the world who knew as much as Leonardo , not so much about painting , sculpture and architecture , as that he was a very great philosopher .
Edward Roscoe Murrow , KBE ( born Egbert Roscoe Murrow ; April 25 , 1908 -- April 27 , 1965 ) was an American broadcast journalist .
In 2009 , China FAW Group Corporation equipped their Hongqi HQE with a 6.0 L DOHC V12 ( model # CA12VG ) , making it the first and only Chinese production passenger car so equipped .
Theodore Robert '' Ted '' Bundy , born Theodore Robert Cowell ( November 24 , 1946 - January 24 , 1989 ) , was an American serial killer , rapist , kidnapper , and necrophile who forcibly abducted , raped , and murdered at least 30 young women , and possibly many more , in the states of Washington , Oregon , Utah , Idaho , Colorado , and Florida between 1974 and 1978 .
The musket replaced the arquebus , and was in turn replaced by the rifle .
After the repulse of the Dhoonds , it was found that the conspiracy affect many more clans and a much wider extent of country than had been suspected .
He took a liking to Meher Baba and maintained a correspondence with him for the rest of his life .
After its introduction to Europe , the drink slowly gained popularity .
In another King Henry pronounced him deposed , and the Romans were required to choose a new pope .
The University of Wisconsin- Green Bay ( also known as UW- Green Bay , UWGB or GB ) is a public university located in Green Bay , Wisconsin , USA . It is part of the University of Wisconsin System .
Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together , leaving to brew for a few minutes , then depressing the plunger to trap the coffee grounds at the bottom of the beaker .
Worf was born in 2340 on the Klingon homeworld as the son of Mogh .
An unusual fact about the cup is that it is impossible for a team to win it two times in a row , as the defending champions play Copa Libertadores , making impossible for teams to play Copa Libertadores and Copa do Brasil in the same year due to lack of calendar .
Seedling densities of up to 2.5 million per hectare have been recorded after a major fire .
It is located on the right bank of Indus River , approximately 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad and 150 kilometres north-east from the provincial capital Karachi .
The intestines of suckling lambs are preferred .
Will Arnett as Lex Drennan
Mikhail Tal ( ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 ) was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
Alto Hospicio is a Chilean municipality and commune located next to Iquique , in the Iquique Province , I Region .
A fraction is a division expression where both dividend and divisor are integers ( although typically called the numerator and denominator ) , and there is no implication that the division needs to be evaluated further .
Most large objects in orbit around the Sun lie near the plane of Earth 's orbit , known as the ecliptic .
The logical operation exclusive disjunction , also called exclusive or ( symbolized XOR , EOR , EXOR , or & oplus ; ) , is a type of logical disjunction on two operands that results in a value of true if exactly one of the operands has a value of true .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids ( salmon , trout , and their allies ) that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
Pizza Hut was founded in 1958 by brothers Dan and Frank Carney in their hometown of Wichita , Kansas .
These events were coupled with a gradual population decline , culminating with the site 's abandonment by the end of the 10th century .
At about the same time , he began to maintain that natural selection can not account for mathematical , artistic , or musical genius , as well as metaphysical musings , and wit and humor .
Behind the band is the backdrop seen on the video for Welcome to the Black Parade and the poster seen within the Black Parade CD case .
It may also be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional , performance and cost goals .
The first group of inductees , inducted on January 23 , 1986 , included Little Richard , Elvis Presley , Fats Domino , Ray Charles , Chuck Berry , Sam Cooke , The Everly Brothers , Buddy Holly , and Jerry Lee Lewis .
The Trialeti culture was a second culture to appear in Georgia , after the the Shulaveri-Shomu culture which existed from 6000 to 4000 BC .
Anthony James '' Tony O '' Esposito ( born April 23 , 1943 ) is a retired Canadian-American professional ice hockey goaltender , who played in the National Hockey League , most notably for the Chicago Black Hawks .
They remain a popular choice in desert regions and many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines . A few home-built hybrids have Ford Pinto engine , Chevrolet Corvair , Porsche , Mazda , Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines .
Burrows provide a form of shelter against predation and exposure to the elements , so the burrowing way of life is quite popular among the animals .
In July 2007 the population is almost 21.9 million , with approximately 60 % concentrated in and around the mainland state capitals of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , and Adelaide .
Cooperation of the Republic of Kazakhstan with the Islamic Republic of Pakistan Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs Kazakhstan is an emerging market for Pakistani goods .
After his safe arrival to Rome , Galba refused to pay the rewards he had promised to soldiers who had supported him .
In the anti-war tax resistance movement in the United States it is sometimes remarked that there are as many ways to practice tax resistance as there are resisters . Some tax resisters refuse to pay all or a portion of the taxes due , but then make an equivalent donation to charity .
The following is a list of former team and crew members who have had some significant input to the show so far .
The governor , Sir Thomas Brisbane , was impressed by Forbes , and in his dispatches of 1 July and 12 August 1824 to mention that '' since the arrival of the chief justice the state of the Colony has assumed a new tone '' .
Said to be born without bones , he eventually overcame his handicaps to become the mirthful and auspicious Ebisu ( hence one of his titles , '' The Laughing God '' ) .
It chronicles the courses served which are usually referred to as Gustatio ( appetizer ) , Primae Mensae ( main course ) and Secundae Mensae ( dessert ) .
Sports The junior national French surf champion from Lorient , was named recently in the winner of 2006 .
Nearly all second generation 4Runners were 4-door models ; however , from 1989 to 1992 , a 2-door model was also produced .
He sought Parker 's advice , and as Pollard later related the story , '' Dink just looked at me and shook his head .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
The anchor needs to hold the vessel in all weathers , including the most severe storm , but only occasionally , or never , needs to be lifted , only for example if the vessel is to be towed into port for maintenance .
Will County is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Illinois .
This , combined with the principal of Ijtihad , led to their belief in Dynamic Fiqh .
Bauquay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It remained as a mosque until 1935 , when it was converted into a museum by the Republic of Turkey .
History According to the book , Akilam , Hari Gopalan Citar wrote this book on the twenty-seventh day of the Tamil month of Karthikai ( November/December ) in the year 1841 CE .
The Australian Film Institute Awards ( often abbreviated to AFI Awards ) are awards of merit presented annually by the Australian Film Institute .
At abolition it contained the following districts : Faisalabad , Toba Tek Singh , Jhang and Chiniot .
Her father , Hugh Ellsworth Rodham , was the son of Welsh and English immigrants ; he managed a successful small business in the textile industry . Her mother , Dorothy Emma Howell , is a homemaker of English , Scottish , French , French Canadian , and Welsh descent .
Only the four fastest cars from this session were then allowed into the qualifying session proper , where 30 cars competed for 26 places on the starting grid for the race .
When Jury member Janu asked Katie a long-winded question , Katie simply told Janu she was not going to answer her , regardless of whether or not Janu might have voted for her . Katie also responded sharply to a critical question from Caryn .
The name was subsequently changed to The Hype , but changed to '' U2 '' soon after Evans left the band .
The Undertones are a punk rock/power pop band formed in Derry , Northern Ireland in 1975 .
Her parents got divorced when she was 2 years old and when her mother , Anna Stasiukiewicz , got married again , they kept on moving from town to town .
It tracked north-northwestward , and dissipated without affecting any land areas .
She had a recurring role on Sunset Beach , but is best known for her role as '' Barbara Diffy '' , Phil 's mom in the Disney Channel Original Series Phil of the Future , where she also played '' The Timekeeper '' in the episode '' It 's a Wonder-Phil Life '' .
Today 's Hopwood is the location of Hopwood Park services , a motorway service station on the M42 motorway .
The term Parlour has even been seen to describe a coffee shop as the '' coffee parlor . ''
'' Odyssey '' , by Kiss from Music from '' The Elder ''
Some historians believe that saffron came to China with Mongol invaders from Persia .
The Blue Poison Dart Frog ( Dendrobates azureus ) was chosen as the logo and named by co-creator Tyler Pitchford .
He studied at the College of Hotel Management Bad Reichenhall in Bavaria .
Stasov helped organize an exhibition of over 400 Hartmann works in the Academy of Fine Arts in Saint Petersburg , Russia in February and March 1874 .
However , Archbishop Stepinac also said this on 28 March 1941 , noting Yugoslavia 's early attempts to unite Croatians and Serbs : '' All in all , Croats and Serbs are of two worlds , northpole and southpole , never will they be able to get together unless by a miracle of God .
Its literal meaning is '' restructuring '' , referring to the restructuring of the Soviet political and economic system .
A subgroup may contain up to 12 list items .
Staples Center is a multi-purpose sports arena in Downtown Los Angeles .
Sardinia ( ; ; ) is the second-largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ( after Sicily ) .
Cadmium bromide is prepared by heating cadmium with bromine vapor . Also the compound can be prepared by the treatment of dry cadmium acetate with glacial acetic acid and acetyl bromide .
The group consists of four members : Aaron Yan , Wu Chun , Calvin Chen , and Jiro Wang .
Since the two asteroidal moons appear to orbit ( as best we can tell ) in the same plane , they would occult each other once every 2.2 days .
The Cape appeared on early sixteenth century maps as Cape Raso and its name may derive from a cape of the same name at the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal .
The Molotov cocktail , also known as the petrol bomb , gasoline bomb , Molotov bomb , fire bottle , fire bomb , or simply Molotov , is a generic name used for a variety of improvised incendiary weapons .
These mounds will often appear in vegetable gardens , lawns , or farms , as gophers like moist soil ( see Soil biomantle ) .
Cagny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
One of Kingdom Records ' first releases was the 1972 Mojo Hannah single '' Six Days on the Road '' .
Accusations of sockpuppetry result in many blocks and almost as many unblock requests , as Wikipedia policy calls for the sockpuppet account to be blocked indefinitely and the sockpuppeteer to be blocked for some length of time ( possibly also indefinitely ) .
After his contract with Hanna-Barbera finished up he went to work with former co-worker Fred Seibert on the Oh Yeah !
It involves a fig tree , as does the equally brief parable of the barren fig tree , with which it should not be confused .
The Promenade concerts continued at the Royal Albert Hall , and during 1942 Wood and the BBC were reconciled .
An appearance at the Apollo Theatre in Glasgow during the Powerage tour was recorded and released as If You Want Blood You 've Got It .
The order of them tells the computer what to do .
Carlos Alberto Valderrama Palacio ( born September 2 , 1961 in Santa Marta , Colombia ) , also known as El Pibe ( '' The Kid '' ) is a Colombian former football player .
The other half of the earth is the land hemisphere .
A television producer , who happened to be the boyfriend of the elder sister of Ella ( from S.H.E. ) , discovered him during this trip , and recommended him to play the lead male role of Tokyo Juliet , which Wu Zun accepted .
Craig Ferguson ( born 17 May 1962 ) is a Scottish-born , naturalized American television host , stand-up comedian , writer , actor , director , and producer .
Pluto has three known natural satellites : Charon , first identified in 1978 by astronomer James Christy ; and two smaller moons , Nix and Hydra , both discovered in 2005 .
It was popularized by the Something Awful message forums .
There have been vampire-like creatures in various stories from across the world .
Nogentel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The programme has been nominated for numerous awards and won the National Television Award for Most Popular Comedy Programme in 1999 .
Up-Front Works Discography -- Morning Coffee The success of this single ( hitting number six on the Japanese pop charts ) brought them three new members known as the second generation : Kei Yasuda , Mari Yaguchi , and Sayaka Ichii , bringing the total member count to eight .
He first appeared on albums from The Beatnuts , on the track '' Off the Books '' in 1997 , and on Fat Joe 's second album Jealous One 's Envy in 1995 , on the track '' Watch Out '' , prior to signing to Loud Records as a solo artist .
Some have been found in geysers , black smokers or oil wells .
The sheer volume of seemingly useless material initially puzzled researchers , so that it was termed '' Junk DNA '' until further research revealed the critical role that it played in the development of an organism .
They sided with the non-Ferrari teams over planned rule changes at the end of the 2004 season and also joined up with GPWC ( which BMW are now involved with ) .
Sustainability comes about through improved resource utilization , more efficient systems , and carbon neutrality .
The First Division will formally dissolve following the completion of the temporary USSF D2 Pro League 2010 season to make way for USL Pro , which will combine the USL First Division and USL Second Division .
In the summer of 1970 , House toured Europe once again , including an appearance at the Montreux Jazz Festival ; a recording of his London concerts was released by Liberty Records .
October 31 & ndash ; King Edward of Portugal ( d. 1438 )
Heathers brought director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature .
Situated on the isthmus connecting North and South America , it is bordered by Costa Rica to the northwest , Colombia to the southeast , the Caribbean Sea to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south .
It is also the sum of the first six prime numbers ( 2 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 11 + 13 ) , and the sum of three primes ( 11 + 13 + 17 ) .
continental , adj. , '' being the part of the United States on the North American continent ; also : being the part of the United States comprising the lower 48 states ''
He was a son of Zebedee and Salome , and brother of John the Apostle .
In this poem , Parmenides describes two views of reality .
Most of the artwork dates to the earlier , Aurignacian , era ( 30,000 to 32,000 years ago ) .
Sydney , Australia , for example , has a longitude of about 151 east .
The dominant classical dance amongst Tamils is Bharatanatyam .
Religious conversion , the adoption of a new religious identity
A-Sides is a compilation album by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden with songs spanning the band 's thirteen year career .
This may be called Volta 's Law of capacitance , and likely for this work the unit of electrical potential has been named the volt .
Percy soon learns that Luke had used this entrance before and will try and lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of Camp Half-Blood .
In leet speak , letters may be replaced by characters of similar appearance .
After the Second World War , during which his father died of natural causes , Solti was music director of the Bavarian State Orchestra in Munich ( where he gave the German premiere of Paul Hindemith 's opera Mathis der Maler , which had been banned under the Nazi regime ) and the Frankfurt Opera ( where he gave the German premiere of Alban Berg 's Lulu ) .
It is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the west along a coastline , by Syria to the east and north , and by Israel to the south .
In 1979 , Aldo developed the Gucci Accessories Collection , or GAC , intended to bolster the sales for the Gucci Parfums sector , which his sons controlled .
Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein ( , ; 15 January 1918 - 28 September 1970 ) was the second President of Egypt from 1956 until his death .
It was developed by the Interactive Software Federation of Europe ( ISFE ) and came into use in April 2003 ; it replaced many national age rating systems with a single European system .
In 1992 , Leyton House changed its name back to March and continued using Ilmor engines . Ilmor also delivered engines to the Tyrrell team in that year .
He was knighted in 1902 .
She is the daughter of the late actor and professional bodybuilder Mickey Hargitay and late actress Jayne Mansfield .
Zenwalk aims to be a modern and multi-purpose Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
These are ossified portions of cartilage -- called Meckel 's cartilage -- that are attached to the jaw .
composer .
On Monday 15 February 2010 Vann celebrated his 100th birthday .
A Shropshire Lad Butterworth did not write a great deal of music , and during the war he destroyed many works he did not care for .
The show was created by David Eick and Ronald D. Moore as a re-imagining of the Battlestar Galactica television series from 1978 created by Glen A. Larson .
Originally these programs were used to generate 35 mm slides , to be presented using a slide projector .
Avesnes-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) United States Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment .
However , their on-field success was not matched financially and in 1920 Hertha merged with the well-heeled club Berliner Sport-Club to form Hertha Berliner Sport-Club .
For example , second position '' A '' is not in exactly the same place on the slide as second position '' E. '' Many types of trombone also include one or more rotary valves used to increase the length of the instrument ( and therefore lower its pitch ) by directing the air flow through additional tubing .
Anton Wilson , Anton Wilson 's Cinema Workshop , American Cinematographer , 2004 online .
K. Brown and R. Tanner , History of the Scottish Parliament , i , ` introduction ' .
La Chapelle-Yvon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They lived in Epsom , Surrey where Henry was Clerk of Epsom Racecourse .
The bloody one-sidedness of the fight so horrified sportscaster Howard Cosell that he vowed never to cover another professional match , which Cobb jokingly referred to as his '' gift to the sport of boxing '' .
Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan .
Additional songs could be purchased via the internet and added to Guitar Hero and Rock Band games , generating further revenue .
Munich 's new airport , the Franz Josef Strauss Airport , was named after him in 1992 .
Film He made his film debut in the Laurence Olivier Othello in 1965 .
Since December 2005 it has also been a candidate for joining the European Union and has applied for NATO membership .
Assemblies of 3 Lithuanian provinces ( Volhynia , Ukraine and Podlasie ) vote to be incorporated into Poland .
In 1994 , the Latin text was issued , which became the official text of reference ( editio typica ) and which amended the contents of the provisional French text at a few points .
Naming and records When Tropical Storm Harvey formed on August 3 , it was the earliest ever in a season that the eighth tropical storm formed , beating the previous record held by Hurricane Eight of the 1936 season by twelve days .
Texas Rangers may refer to :
It lies just north of the River Trent about 7 m southwest of Nottingham and is part of the Nottingham Urban Area .
Owned by Cox Enterprises , the station has studios in the Summer Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh .
The channel features hourly news updates called 60 Seconds , presented by Sam Naz during the week , which include the top news , sport and entertainment stories .
Although Allen Steere realized in 1978 that Lyme disease was a tick-borne disease , the cause of the disease remained a mystery until 1982 , when B. burgdorferi was identified by Willy Burgdorfer .
Undated Moldavia : Stephen III the Great fights against Turkey and Poland .
Unfortunately , when iteration begins far from the desired root , Newton 's method can easily lead an unwary user astray with little warning .
These mollusks are also sometimes commonly known as sea cradles or '' coat-of-mail shells '' .
Although the SS was autonomous and existed in parallel to the Wehrmacht , the Waffen-SS field units were placed under the operational control of the Supreme High Command of the Armed Forces ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht , OKW ) or the Supreme High Command of the Army ( Oberkommando des Heeres , OKH ) .
It is an essential element for life and is found in two amino acids : cysteine and methionine .
This is different from what one normally sees in classical mechanics , where solutions are typically trajectories of position of a particle or deflection of a continuum .
Carp , along with many of their cyprinid relatives , are popular ornamental aquarium and pond fish . The two most notable ornamental carps are goldfish and koi .
The harmonica , also called harp , French harp , blues harp , and mouth organ , is a free reed wind instrument used primarily in blues and American folk music , jazz , country music , and rock and roll .
She spent a year writing and recording her solo debut album , Fired Up , working with a wide range of producers including Richard X , Xenomania , Johnny Douglas , Brian Higgins , Estelle and Paul Epworth .
He developed both the tetraethyl lead ( TEL ) additive to gasoline and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , and held over a hundred patents .
Flée is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
For his new editor , Le Breton settled on the mathematician Jean Paul de Gua de Malves .
A wide variety of animals construct or use burrows in many different types of substrate .
A furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and U.S. customary units .
The method can be used to delete a gene , remove exons , add a gene , and introduce point mutations .
After World War II , he studied law and economics at the universities of Halle and Leipzig ( 1946-1949 ) and joined the East German Liberal Democratic Party ( LDPD ) in 1946 .
Following the final orchestral crescendo , the song ends with one of the most famous final chords in music history .
He was also the author of both fiction and non-fiction writings .
The yellowfin tuna is sometimes referred to as albacora by French and Portuguese fishermen .
Champagne-en-Valromey
Etymology The name caecilian derives from the Latin word caecus = blind , referring to the small or sometimes non-existing eyes .
Its county seat is Hayesville .
