Olympic Azzaweya ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Azzaweya , Libya .
In the 1970s , Scholastic Press was well-known mainly through their Scholastic Book Clubs , a mail-order service dealing in children 's books , and their magazine publications aimed at youths : Wow ( preschoolers and elementary schoolers ) , Dynamite ( pre-teens ) and Bananas ( teens ) .
Portugal , particularly Lisbon , was one of the last European exit points to the U.S. , and a huge number of refugees found shelter in Portugal , many of them with the help from the Portuguese consul general in Bordeaux , Aristides de Sousa Mendes , who issued visas against Salazar 's orders .
It is situated on the slopes of the Aspromonte , a long , craggy mountain range that runs up through the center of the region .
Regent was used because EMI 's Abbey Road studios were not available that night .
With the affirmation of a label , three of the songs , '' I 'm Waiting for the Man '' , '' Venus in Furs '' and '' Heroin '' , were re-recorded in two days at T.T.G. Studios during a stay in Hollywood later in 1966 .
He was the co-winner of the Vezina Trophy in the 1971 -- 72 NHL season .
Battle of Pozieres
The Turkish Hamster Mesocricetus brandti is a species of hamster closely related to the Syrian Hamster .
It opened under Pope John XXIII on 11 October 1962 and closed under Pope Paul VI on 8 December 1965 .
The quartet was formed while its members were studying at the Royal College of Music in London .
Displayed at right is the web color lavender blush .
Types of synthetic fiber used to make some helmets :
Brantford 's Canada Day Festival Brantford hosts the region 's largest Canada Day Festival each July 1 .
The Firebird is a 1910 ballet by Igor Stravinsky and choreographed by Michel Fokine .
Coventry and Warwickshire are sometimes treated as a single area and share a single Chamber of Commerce and BBC Local Radio Station ( BBC Radio Coventry & Warwickshire ) .
A report in 1997 described use of sponges as a tool by bottlenose dolphins in Shark Bay .
Georges Brassens ( ) ( 22 October 1921 - 29 October 1981 ) was a French singer-songwriter .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
Garud Commando Force , an elite special forces unit of the Indian Air Force .
Blender link
Wolfgang Peters ( 8 January , 1929 22 September , 2003 ) was a German football player .
Boulahrouz ' displays for RKC caused Marco van Basten to pick him for the Netherlands national football team .
An Cafe was formed in May 2003 by vocalist Miku , guitarist Bou and bassist Kanon .
Isolde attempted to kill the man with his own sword as he lay helpless before her but , Tristan had looked not at the sword that would kill him , but into her eyes .
Here , in 476 , Odoacer defeated Flavius Orestes after a long siege .
Although early developers and users of distributions built on top of the Linux kernel were able to take advantage of cheap optical disks and rapidly declining prices of CD drives for personal computers , the Linux distribution CDs or '' distros '' were generally treated as a collection of installation packages that must first be permanently installed to hard disks on the target machine .
The program went on hiatus on February 15 , 2008 , because staff members said they needed a break , but returned to the airwaves in June 2008 on WLRM on Saturday nights .
The operator of Heathrow , BAA , claims that Heathrow is the '' world 's busiest international airport '' , but it is only the world 's third-busiest by total passenger traffic , after Atlanta-Hartsfield-Jackson and Chicago O'Hare , which are also international airports .
Active hunters , the Gekkota includes three families comprising the distinctive cosmopolitan geckos and the legless flap-footed lizards of Australia and New Zealand .
Lund University , established in 1666 , is Sweden 's largest , with 42,000 full or part-time students , although not all live in Lund . The figure includes Lund Institute of Technology , which is to some extent independent of the old university .
In the first half of the 20th century , clinical psychology was focused on psychological assessment , with little attention given to treatment .
He was part of the group of Chinese scholars called the '' Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup '' in a poem by fellow poet Du Fu .
Rotor ( brake mechanism ) , a device that allows the handlebars and fork to revolve indefinitely without tangling the rear brake cable
The Misfits received mediocre reviews , and was not a commercial success , though some praised the performances of Monroe and Gable .
It is often curable if found early , but prognosis is poor if it has metastasized at the time of diagnosis .
The word may refer to any of the following :
Donahue arrived in January 1825 with 200 other convicts and was assigned to work as a servant to a settler named John Pagan on a farm at Parramatta .
The so-called second generation of the RAF committed several kidnappings and killings in a campaign in support of their comrades .
He scored 80 goals and 418 assists for 498 points in 13 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks and one year for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Like the other B vitamins , it plays a key role in energy metabolism , and for the metabolism of fats , ketone bodies , carbohydrates , and proteins .
It has been operated by London Overground Rail Operations since 2007 as part of the National Rail network , under the franchise control and branding of Transport for London ( TfL ) . It consists of five lines : the East London Line ; the Gospel Oak to Barking Line ; the North London Line ; the West London Line and the Watford DC Line .
It received its premiere at the National Theatre in Munich on 22 September 1869 , with August Kindermann in the role of Wotan , Heinrich Vogl as Loge , and Wilhelm Fischer as Alberich .
He is known for providing the voice of Darth Vader in the Star Wars franchise and the tagline for CNN .
However , the official forecast at the time predicted Delta to strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane .
Dancing Beijing is the name of the official emblem of the 2008 Summer Olympics , which took place in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China .
Few others like Ila , Bharati , Mahi , Hotra are invoked and summoned through hymns to take their share during certain rituals .
The Monk Parakeet , also known as the Quaker Parrot , ( Myiopsitta monachus ) is a species of parrot , in most treatments the only member of the genus Myiopsitta .
Since '' truth-in-itself '' has '' being-in-itself '' as ontological correlate , and since psychologists reduce truth ( and hence logic ) to empirical psychology , the inevitable consequence is scepticism .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
He is best known for his popular and long-running Discworld series of comic fantasy novels .
Ried-Brig is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Marco Polo purportedly visits Xanadu , Kublai Khan 's summer capital of the Yuan Dynasty .
He began his career in journalism with The Times , and later moved on to The Daily Telegraph where he became assistant editor .
Africa Juba II of Mauretania joins Gaius Caesar in Armenia as a military advisor .
Thus it could become a race between the felon and medieval law officers to the nearest sanctuary boundary , and could make the serving of justice upon the fleet of foot a difficult proposition .
Until 1815 , the Madras Presidency also issued a currency based on the panam , with 12 panams equal to the rupee .
It is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe .
The 1967 -- 68 NHL season was the 51st season of the National Hockey League .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1996/1997 season was contested by 18 teams .
Highly social , prairie dogs live in large colonies or '' towns '' - collections of prairie dog families that can span hundreds of acres .
Toward the end of that year , he met with the theater 's managers to discuss the material and sketch out some of the scenes .
Shortly after his arrival , he began training in judo at Gokor Chivichyan 's Hayastan MMA Academy and quickly became one of the top judoka in the country , winning junior nationals less than two years later .
Biography Early life Amy Lee was born to parents John Lee , a disc jockey and TV personality , and Sara Cargill .
External links generally belong at the end of an article , under the heading External links .
Sir George Houstoun Reid , GCB , GCMG , KC ( 25 February 1845 12 September 1918 ) was an Australian politician , Premier of New South Wales and fourth Prime Minister of Australia .
Modern hydroelectric dams can be viewed as the descendants of the water wheel as they too take advantage of the movement of water downhill .
The London Assembly is an elected body , part of the Greater London Authority , that scrutinises the activities of the Mayor of London and has the power , with a two-thirds majority , to amend the mayor 's annual budget .
About 800 metres north of the station , behind a curve , both trains collided .
Duchess of York May married Prince George , Duke of York , on 6 July 1893 at the Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace , in London .
Cavalli was born at Crema , Lombardy .
The Wisconsin River divides the city .
The exact origins of the Games are shrouded in myth and legend but records indicate that they began in 776 BC in Olympia in Greece .
In the Japanese system , leaves and shoots are cut from the plant periodically to ensure softness .
Additional statute of 18 October 1962 , quoted in Statutes ( 1978 ) , p63 The Sovereign has historically had the power to choose Knights of the Order .
For a person to be inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder , they may be '' active or inactive '' and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee .
During the Seven Years ' War , Britain effectively gained its first foothold of substantial area on the Indian subcontinent by supporting Mir Jafar 's claim to the title of Nawab of Bengal at the expense of Siraj ud-Daulah .
Many people in the streets witnessed the collision , and Jules Naudet captured the impact on video .
It is divided into a number of principal oceanic areas that are delimited by the continents and various oceanographic features : these divisions are the Atlantic Ocean , Arctic Ocean ( sometimes considered a sea of the Atlantic ) , Indian Ocean , Pacific Ocean , and Southern Ocean ( sometimes reckoned instead as just the southern portions of the Atlantic , Indian , and Pacific Oceans ) .
The horse ( Equus ferus caballus ) is a hoofed ( ungulate ) mammal , a subspecies of one of seven extant species of the family Equidae .
In particle physics , an elementary particle or fundamental particle is a particle believed not to have substructure ; that is , it is believed not to be made up of smaller particles .
Sindhi food , The Sindhis are a group of people whose roots are in the province of Sindh , Pakistan .
Blérancourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Specifically , an employee is any person hired by an employer to do a specific '' job '' .
He is the youngest brother of actors Owen and Andrew Wilson .
A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast aspects of the future state of tropical cyclones .
She defeated Maryse at Night of Champions on July 26 , 2009 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Calder Freeway bypasses Kyneton to the north and east .
Cordell Hull ( 1871 -- 1955 ) , United States Secretary of State from 1933-1944 under Franklin Delano Roosevelt , and the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1945
Fox Studios Australia is a major movie studio located in Sydney , Australia , occupying the site of the former Sydney Showground at Moore Park .
The town also used to have a much bigger population back when the neighboring DOE site was bigger .
Bodo Illgner ( born April 7 , 1967 ) is a retired German footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
In the 2008 New Year Honours he was made a Companion of Honour ( CH ) for services to drama and to equality .
The Franks were among approximately 300,000 Jews who fled Germany between 1933 and 1939 .
Grant Fuhr was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on November 2 , 2003 .
The largest confirmed individual was in length .
He is notable for his leadership at the Battle of Thermopylae .
It took place on January 27 , 2008 at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York and was the first WWE pay-per-view broadcast in high definition .
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) is an American symphony orchestra , based at Heinz Hall in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Frederick '' Fred '' Cossom Hollows , AC ( 9 April 1929 & ndash ; 10 February 1993 ) was an ophthalmologist who became known for his work in restoring eyesight for countless thousands of people in Australia and many other countries .
The 14th century Dominican and Franciscan convents in Dubrovnik are also noteworthy .
Saint-Laurent-d ` Arce is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
During his junior year , he met Jim Ross , who was then World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) 's Head of Talent Relations , and Ross encouraged Hager to contact him after graduating .
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE , born 17 September 1960 , is a retired British racing driver from England .
This changed in 1963 when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population .
Steels are often wrought by cold working methods , which is the shaping of metal through deformation at a low equilibrium or metastable temperature .
Ender 's Shadow ( 1999 ) is a parallel science fiction novel by the American author Orson Scott Card , taking place at the same time as the novel Ender 's Game and depicting the same events from the point of view of Bean , a supporting character in the original novel .
He also served as acting President of the Republic briefly in 1951 .
Overview Conditions The majority of the fires ignited and spread on a day of some of the worst bushfire-weather conditions ever recorded .
As of 2005 , their label had sold more than 1.5 million of their CDs and videos , of which 8 made it to gold and one platinum .
It has official status in India , Sri Lanka and Singapore .
Some parts of the building were decrepit .
A minority among the Sunni scholars sometimes refer to this duty as the sixth pillar of Islam , though it occupies no such official status .
The album also included a cover of Talk Talk 's song '' It 's My Life '' , which was the only new song on the album and which was released as a single .
Each spliceosome is composed of five small nuclear RNA proteins , called snRNPs , ( pronounced '' snurps '' ) and a range of non-snRNP associated protein factors .
He made his conducting debut at La Scala , Milan in 1970 , in a production of Monteverdi 's Ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria .
As time passed , Anning 's confidence in her knowledge grew , and in 1839 she wrote to the Magazine of Natural History to question the claim made by an article that a recently discovered fossil of the prehistoric shark Hybodus represented a new genus , as she had discovered many years ago the existence of fossil sharks with both straight and hooked teeth .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , which is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code ( except UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom ) .
Dijon is home to the Dijon Ducs ice hockey team , who play in the Magnus League .
Into the Wild is the first book in the Warriors series , written by Kate Cary and Victoria Holmes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
The House of Lords was created on January 31 1850 with the adoption of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Prussia .
Northport is a city in Tuscaloosa County in the west central part of the U.S. state of Alabama .
She is the youngest daughter of former Philippine senator Benigno Aquino , Jr. and Corazon Cojuangco-Aquino , who served as the 11th President of the Philippines , and sister of Benigno Aquino , III , the current President of the Philippines .
Predation The anchovy is a significant food source for almost every predatory fish in its environment , including the California halibut , rock fish , yellowtail , sharks , chinook , and coho salmon .
Kingston 2000 , pp 126-127
A history of the game : its players , and its strategy , Crown Publishers 1968 , p. 154 , is an Argentine-Spanish former footballer and coach , widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time .
Wrangell is a city and borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Because mandrake contains deliriant hallucinogenic tropane alkaloids such as atropine , scopolamine , apoatropine , hyoscyamine and the roots sometimes contain bifurcations causing them to resemble human figures , their roots have long been used in magic rituals , today also in neopagan religions such as Wicca and Germanic revivalism religions such as Odinism .
These produce a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years .
The Giallorossi also finished second in Serie A with the third lowest goals conceded total .
Thus , originally , the word was used to refer to somebody in charge of music in a chapel .
from :20 \/O/ 08\/1980 till :25 \/O/ 08\/1980 color : C1 text : '' Charley ''
Eric Illsley ( L )
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
John Denver ( December 31 , 1943 & ndash ; October 12 , 1997 ) , born Henry John Deutschendorf , Jr. , was an American singer-songwriter , actor , activist , and poet .
He placed the resulting solution on a shelf in his laboratory at the Niels Bohr Institute .
The City of Poughkeepsie was chartered in 1854 . Outside of municipal designations , the City and Town of Poughkeepsie are generally viewed as a single place , and are commonly referred to as Poughkeepsie , with a current combined population of approximately 75,000 .
He played the drums and was nominally the lead singer .
Vieux-Bourg is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hawk Nelson Is My Friend , stylized on the album cover as Hawk Nelson ... Is My Friend ! , is the third full-length studio album from Christian rock band Hawk Nelson .
It is sometimes called North Mato Grosso ( Mato Grosso do Norte ) to distinguish it from the state called South Mato Grosso , but this term has no official recognition .
Westminster Cathedral in London , is the mother church of the Roman Catholic community in England and Wales and the Metropolitan Church and Cathedral of the Archbishop of Westminster .
There are a number of species within this genus , including the endangered species Acanthomintha duttonii .
Lambert died on 21 August 1951 , two days short of his forty-sixth birthday , of pneumonia and undiagnosed diabetes complicated by acute alcoholism , and was buried in Brompton Cemetery , London .
Between 2003 and 2005 , Baptista made 81 appearances ( in all competitions ) for Sevilla and scored 50 goals in total , a terrific return that began a summer of transfer rumors in which Real Madrid battled it out with Arsenal for his signature .
There are many independent labels ; folk singer Ani DiFranco 's Righteous Babe Records is often cited as an ideal example .
Bondi Beach is located 7 kilometres east of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of Waverley Council , in the Eastern Suburbs .
Oman ( ; ' ) , officially the Sultanate of Oman , is an Arab country in southwest Asia on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
In China , the Han Dynasty ( 206 BC - 220 AD ) advocated Confucianism as the de facto state religion , establishing tests based on Confucian texts as an entrance requirement into government service- although , in fact , the '' Confucianism '' advocated by the Han emperors may be more properly termed a sort of Confucian Legalism or '' State Confucianism '' .
It was later re-released on October 4 , 2005 with six additional tracks and three exclusive videos .
The Irvine Company 's Valencia operation later split from the company and became Sunkist .
The adjective form is used in English , to refer to people or works that are experimental or innovative , particularly with respect to art , culture , and politics .
In ice hockey , an assist is attributed to up to two players of the scoring team who shot , passed or deflected the puck towards the scoring teammate , or touched it in any other way which enabled the goal , meaning that they were '' assisting '' in the goal .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 from a transmitter northwest of the city in Laurel Ridge State Park along the Cambria and Westmoreland County line .
Toph also has the ability to sense when a person is lying by feeling the vibrations of their heartbeat , although it does not work against highly trained and focused individuals who can monitor their own heartbeat ( such as Azula ) .
Naohito Hirai is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C. in the J. League .
It is used because the addition of salt to water lowers the freezing temperature of the solution and the heat transport efficiency can be greatly enhanced for the comparatively low cost of the material .
The patent was officially assigned to Stanford University and lists Lawrence Page as the inventor .
Perpetrators of these attacks throw acid at their victims ( usually at their faces ) , burning them , and damaging skin tissue , often exposing and sometimes dissolving the bones .
Sir Harold Malcolm Watts Sargent ( 29 April 1895 3 October 1967 ) was an English conductor , organist and composer widely regarded as Britain 's leading conductor of choral works .
Their most common social unit of jackals is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs by vigorously chasing intruding rivals and marking landmarks around the territory with their urine and feces .
Also , Toy Story 2 was released on that day in the same format which had a small feature on the '' Characters of Toy Story 3 '' .
Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Alastair John Campbell ( born 25 May 1957 ) is a British journalist , broadcaster , political aide and author , best known for his work as Director of Communications and Strategy for Prime Minister Tony Blair between 1997 and 2003 , having first started working for Blair in 1994 .
Events September 7 -- Geoffrey of Anjou dies , and is succeeded by his son Henry , aged 18 .
Dimmu borgir means '' dark cities '' or '' dark castles\/fortresses '' in Icelandic , Faroese and Old Norse .
He had a loving relationship with his wife who exerted little influence over her husband .
Furious at having been swindled , Le Breton beat Mills with a cane .
Each ( regional church ) was the official church of one of the states of Germany while the respective ruler was the church 's formal head ( e.g. the King of Prussia headed the Evangelical Church of Prussia 's older Provinces as supreme governor ) , similar to the British monarch 's role in the Church of England .
A Gutter , similar to typography , is the space in between printed postage stamps .
Empress , the female equivalent , may indicate an emperor 's wife ( empress consort ) or a woman who rules in her own right ( empress regnant ) .
Shade offers to escort Goth and Throbb south in return for Goth and Throbb 's protection from owls .
London City Airport DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which serves the London City Airport . It opened on 2 December 2005 .
Aside from the Crown itself , the office of Governor of New South Wales is the oldest constitutional office in Australia .
Their album Leviathan was released in 2004 to critical acclaim ; the band won Album of the Year awards from Kerrang !
Cléty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
is a Japanese figure skater .
Unlike their closest relatives , horses and asses , zebras have never been truly domesticated .
The Online Guide to Traditional Games The name derives from the verb to draw or to move .
Crawford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
He is famous even today for his brilliant sacrificial attacking play , particularly in the '' Immortal Game '' (/O1851/O) and the '' Evergreen Game '' (/O1852/O) .
April 17 & ndash ; After 18 months of siege , Siena surrenders to the Florentine -- Imperial army .
Timothy Lee '' Tim '' Walberg ( born April 12 , 1951 ) is the former Republican Congressman for in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Following William 's death she lived with her son John Scott in North Bend , and helped raise his children , including eight year old Benjamin who later became President of the United States .
History In 2001 , Berlin 's boroughs were reorganized .
He was the most famous composer of secular music in Elizabethan England and an organist at St Paul 's Cathedral .
The Millennium Dome , often referred to simply as The Dome , is the original name of a large dome-shaped building , originally used to house the Millennium Experience , a major exhibition celebrating the beginning of the third millennium .
However , in some individuals the subunguis has redeveloped to form a claw-like structure .
The meeting point of the town is the train station , which links it to other Swiss cities .
From 1874 to 1877 he was given leave of absence for part of each year to complete his studies in Germany , where he studied with Carl Reinecke and Friedrich Kiel .
o Osella subsequently became Fondmetal .
These players had a strong influence on later musicians in these styles , notably the early rock & rollers and rockabillies , many of whom also recorded for Sun Records .
In 1993 , she replaced her father as field expedition leader for Turkana paleontological expeditions , in one of the most arid and hostile environments on earth .
It was also voted fifth in the BBC 's '' Britain 's Best Sitcom '' poll in 2004 and second only to Frasier in The Ultimate Sitcom poll of comedy writers in January 2006 .
At the 2006 Census , Williamstown had a population of 12,733 .
Format Stand-up performances are usually short , where the comedian recites a fast-paced succession of humorous stories , short jokes ( called '' bits '' ) , and one-liners , which comprise what is typically called a monologue , routine or act .
The island is 150 k long and between 900 m and 57 k wide , its area covering 4405 k. Its coastline is 540 k long and highest altitude is 307 m/O. It is separated from Yorke Peninsula to the northwest by Investigator Strait and from Cape Jervis to the northeast by Backstairs Passage .
The town and Partido were established by provincial law on December 21 , 1961 .
Since nuclear energy and nuclear weapons technologies are closely related , military aspirations can act as a factor in energy policy decisions .
It makes up about 55 % of the total blood volume .
Many white émigrés also believed it was their duty to remain active in combat against the Soviet dictatorship , with the hopes of liberating Russia .
During her career , Slutskaya won a total of 40 gold medals , 21 silver medals , and 18 bronze medals .
Bread decided to disband .
Ferry service between Basseterre and Oranjestad , Statia as well as to St. Maarten also exists , but the trips are irregular .
His most prominent television role has been as Captain Jack Harkness in Doctor Who and its spin-off series Torchwood .
Among the very first dinosaurs to evolve in the late Triassic Period , about 230 million years ago ( Mya ) , they became the dominant herbivores by half way through the late Triassic ( during the Norian stage ) .
The octant was invented ( around 1730 ) independently by John Hadley in Great Britain and Thomas Godfrey in the American colonies .
In most episodes , he works as the Nuclear Safety Inspector at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant , a position he has held since '' Homer 's Odyssey '' , the third episode of the series .
Coins Between 1832 and 1834 , copper 1 , 2 , 5 and 10 centime , silver 1/4 , 1/2 , 1 , 2 and 5 franc , and gold 20 and 40 franc coins were introduced .
Michael John Reiziger ( born 3 May 1973 in Amstelveen , North Holland ) is a retired Dutch footballer , who played mainly as a right defender .
As gas expands to drive out the payload , only some propellant evaporates inside the can to maintain an even pressure .
In World War II , acorns were used to make coffee despite tasting foul .
Dee was an ardent promoter of mathematics and a respected astronomer , as well as a leading expert in navigation , having trained many of those who would conduct England 's voyages of discovery .
the latter of which provides the upper temperature boundary for gases .
In his book Systematics and the Origin of Species ( 1942 ) he wrote that a species is not just a group of morphologically similar individuals , but a group that can breed only among themselves , excluding all others .
John Ray Grisham , Jr. ( born 8 February 1955 ) John Grisham 's Biography is an American author , best known for his popular legal thrillers .
For comparison , 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a light pollution-free sky .
Able to read and write NTFS\/FAT32\/FAT \/O/ Ext2\/Ext3 partitions
Stud poker is any of a number of poker variants in which each player receives a mix of face-down and face-up cards dealt in multiple betting rounds .
Located near the modern village of Bardon Mill , it guarded the Stanegate , the Roman road from the River Tyne to the Solway Firth .
However , the anxiety to win another league title continued to grow .
This second eruption threw volcanic ash several kilometres up in the atmosphere which led to air travel disruption in northwest Europe for six days from 15 April and in May 2010 , including the closure of airspace over many parts of Europe .
The 1989 film Winter People starring Kurt Russell and Kelly McGillis was filmed in Avery County .
The Shyok River is a 550 km long river flowing through the disputed Ladakh of India and the disputed Northern Areas of Pakistan ( Ghangche District ) .
The President is usually directly elected by the people for seven years , and can be elected for a maximum of two terms .
The Art Ross Trophy is awarded to the National Hockey League player who leads the league in scoring points at the end of the regular season .
Antonio Chimenti ( born 30 June 1970 in Bari ) is an Italian football goalkeeper .
Para Rubber trees belones Euphorbiaceae family .
Zhytomyr is a city in the North of the western half of Ukraine . It is the administrative center of the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Zhytomyr Raion ( district ) .
Beaumesnil is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In leap years , March starts on the same day of the week as November and common years as February .
She was built at Whitby in 1780 , and was of 378 tons .
Liam John Neeson , OBE ( born 7 June 1952 ) is an Irish actor who has been nominated for an Oscar , Golden Globe and a BAFTA .
The Nintendo DSi is a handheld game system created by Nintendo and released between 2008 and 2009 in Japan , Australasia , Europe , North America , China and other regions through various distributors .
For George Butterworth , Illustrator & Cartoonist , see George Butterworth ( cartoonist ) .
The year of his death is calculated from the fact that Antonio Pucci , the town crier of Florence , wrote a poem in Giotto 's honour in which it is stated that he was 70 at the time of his death .
Associativity is not to be confused with commutativity .
Damietta is besieged by the knights of the Fifth Crusade .
Anglo-Saxons is the term usually used to describe the invading Germanic tribes in the south and east of Great Britain from the early 5th century AD , and their creation of the English nation , to the Norman conquest of 1066 .
The series debuted with The Need for Speed in North America , Japan , and Europe in 1994 .
Forecasters initially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas ; as such , a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse .
Francesco Cavalli ( 14 February 1602 & ndash ; 14 January 1676 ) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque period .
Charles Augustus joined Prussia in the War of the Third Coalition against France and after the loss to France in the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , he was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 .
He was the first child of Izanagi and Izanami , born without bones ( or , in some stories , without arms and legs ) due to his mother 's transgression during the marriage ritual .
( naming the moon ) The photographs taken by Voyager 1 showed Metis only as a dot , and hence knowledge about Metis was very limited until the arrival of the Galileo spacecraft .
None of the individual contributors , system operators , developers , sponsors of Wikipedia nor anyone else connected to Wikipedia can take any responsibility for the results or consequences of any attempt to use or adopt any of the information presented on this web site .
In geography , an oasis ( plural : oases ) or cienega ( Southwestern United States ) is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert , typically surrounding a spring or similar water source .
Soldiers still wear helmets , now often made from lightweight plastics materials , to protect the head from bullets and shell fragments .
Both the German Empire and United Kingdom relied heavily on imports to feed their population and supply their war industry , thus both aimed to blockade each other .
'' rock inscriptions '' , Deutsch , Rem .
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) is an American symphony orchestra , based at Heinz Hall in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
In music , the Wicki-Hayden note layout is a shifted 6-plus-6 key layout for musical instruments that offers some advantages over the traditional keyboard layout .
Dr. Vaughn Starnes , Considered the foremost pediatric cardiothoracic surgeon in the world , he made history performing the first successful ` living related ' lung transplant .
The also houses the ( the Cathedral ) , the Baptistry and the ( the monumental cemetery ) .
Live in Concert with the Christchurch Symphony (/O2003/O)
Andrew Abraham ( born 17 July 1964 , London ) is an English vocalist .
Tin ( II ) fluoride , known by the common name stannous fluoride , is a chemical compound with the formula SnF2 .
They were removed from the endangered list in 1987 and Florida permitted selective hunting in 1988 .
After the match , Umaga attacked Jim Duggan and Doink the Clown .
June 15 -- Louis II is crowned King of Lombardy by Pope Sergius II .
An intelligence quotient , or IQ , is a score derived from one of several different standardized tests designed to assess intelligence .
Flemming Rasmussen -- producer , engineer
The Medici Palace , once a possession of the Appiano family , who ruled Pisa in 1392 -- 1398 .
Prisons form part of the criminal justice system of a state and only house convicted felons , usually for longer periods of time than jails .
After graduating from Antilles Military Academy , Castro attended the University of Puerto Rico on an athletic scholarship .
Variants include Mahmad , Mahmoud , Mehmood , Mahmood , Mahmut etc. .
Dice for role-playing games are usually made of plastic , though infrequently metal , wood , and semi-precious stone dice can be found . Early polyhedral dice from the 1970s and 1980s were made of a soft plastic that would easily wear as the die was used .
Until this occurred , North Weald was the last section of the London Underground network to be signalled using mechanical semaphore signals .
Scientists increasingly prefer the names ladybird beetles or lady beetles , as these insects are neither birds nor bugs .
The fifth edition ( '' DSM-5 '' ) is currently in consultation , planning and preparation , due for publication in May 2013 .
Shawn Ashmore as Bobby Drake \/O/ Iceman : He can control the temperature of the moisture in the air around him to create constructs of ice or blasts of cold .
Transition To Emmanuel College In 2006 , the plans for Emmanuel College and the future of the school initiated .
Krall and British musician Elvis Costello were married on December 6 , 2003 at Elton John 's estate outside London .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
In order to aid his experiments , he developed a system of chemical notation in which the elements were given simple written labels -- such as O for oxygen , or Fe for iron -- with proportions noted by numbers .
There have been Russians in the United Kingdom since the nineteenth century .
Etymology Site on-line ( pedagogue )
The legend of Cupid and Psyche ( also known as The Tale of Amour and Psyche and The Tale of Eros and Psyche ) first appeared as a digressionary story told by an old woman in Lucius Apuleius ' novel , The Golden Ass , written in the 2nd century AD .
Historically , Coptic Catholics represent a schism from the Coptic Orthodox Church , leaving that church in order to come into full communion with Rome .
Masahiro Kazuma ( born 22 June 1982 ) is a Japanese football player .
On March 12 , 1664 , King Charles II of England gave James , Duke of York a Grant that included all of the lands included in the original Virginia Company of Plymouth Grant as well as other lands .
Major tobacco companies have encouraged global tobacco production . Philip Morris , British American Tobacco and Japan Tobacco each own or lease tobacco manufacturing facilities in at least 50 countries and buy crude tobacco leaf from at least 12 more countries .
Sodium hydroxide is produced ( along with chlorine and hydrogen ) via the chloralkali process .
For the symbol of airborne forces , see Maroon beret
It was said that his Trespass royalty cheque had gone unclaimed , and there was speculation that he was dead or missing .
An adverse effect may result from an unsuitable or incorrect dosage or procedure ( which could be due to medical error ) .
Fraser married Smith on September 27 , 1998 , and they have three sons : Griffin Arthur Fraser , born September 17 , 2002 , Holden Fletcher Fraser , born August 16 , 2004 , and Leland Francis Fraser , born May 2 , 2006 .
Virtually all modern e-mail clients and servers support both .
Her notes on the engine include what is recognized as the first algorithm intended to be processed by a machine ; as such she is regarded as the world 's first computer programmer .
The Special Sunday events , including the dedication , were televised nationwide and anchored by three of Walt Disney 's friends from Hollywood : Art Linkletter , Bob Cummings , and Ronald Reagan .
Albury and Wagga Wagga are home to campuses of Charles Sturt University , the only local provider of higher education for the region .
To the south and east is the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and northeast is New Brunswick , a province of Canada .
For a detailed discussion of the differences , see '' Biblical canon '' .
p. 357 It has units of watts per square metre ( W\/m2 ) In this context , flux has a primary mathematical definition in terms of a surface integral which uses the vectors that represent the force which is causing the flux being studied :
Quinine can cause paralysis if accidentally injected into a nerve .
The first mosques had no minarets , and even nowadays the most conservative Islamic movements , like Wahhabis , avoid building minarets , seeing them as ostentatious and unnecessary .
During the existence of the USSR , thousands of Young Pioneer camps and Young Pioneer Palaces were built exclusively for Young Pioneers , which were free of charge , sponsored by the government and Trade Unions .
This was as a direct result of a police report that categorized a terrorist attack on the City as '' inevitable '' .
title ( optional ) Alternate text to be placed in title box , defaults to '' Links to related articles '' .
Therefore , in order to help treat sickness , he pushed for the draining of swamps and the cooling of sickrooms .
January 23 & ndash ; The Union of Utrecht unites the northern Netherlands in a confederation called the United Provinces .
The album was released on May 25 , 2009 in the United Kingdom and May 26 , 2009 in the United States .
Maurice Duruflé ( 11 January 1902 & ndash ; 16 June 1986 ) was a French composer , organist , and pedagogue .
In 2000 , the United States National Nanotechnology Initiative was founded to coordinate Federal nanotechnology research and development .
-- ) Windows Vista with Service Pack 1
The plan ultimately failed not because of the U.S. Congress refusal to go along but because it became irrelevant upon Hitler 's rise to power .
The freeways connecting Al Ain , Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the center of the country , each city being roughly 130 kilometers from the other two .
The Woolworth Building was constructed in neo-Gothic style by architect Cass Gilbert , who was commissioned by Frank Woolworth in 1910 to design the new corporate headquarters on Broadway , between Park Place and Barclay Street in Lower Manhattan , opposite City Hall .
At 08:50 , three bombs exploded within fifty seconds of each other on three London Underground trains , a fourth exploding an hour later at 09:47 on a double-decker bus in Tavistock Square .
Birds of prey like the peregrine , cherrug or saker falcons , tawny eagle , imperial and greater spotted eagles , osprey , shikra , and the black-winged kite occur throughout Pakistan but their population statuses are unknown .
He also performed the opening theme for the television series Jennifer Slept Here but never released another single in the 1980 's .
Mormonism is most closely associated with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , which is by far the largest denomination of the Latter Day Saint movement .
The 2020 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad , are a major international sports and cultural festival , which will be celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games .
, '' meaning '' I have found it ! '' )
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are never exposed to direct sunlight .
It was released in 1976 and was the first album of the band to attract attention outside Europe .
He was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir .
Numbers for this species are estimated as extremely small , with the rugged terrain making it difficult to accurately monitor the species population .
The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords Adventures , released as The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords + in Japan , is a video game in Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda series .
Adjectives and adverbs Many languages , including English , distinguish between adjectives , which modify nouns and pronouns , and adverbs , which modify verbs , adjectives , and other adverbs .
'' Each morning from 9 until noon , I had a secretary at the studio take all calls .
The film , directed by Ron Howard , stars Tom Hanks , Kevin Bacon , Bill Paxton , Gary Sinise , Kathleen Quinlan and Ed Harris .
There were the minor Arabia and Southern Arabia Campaign and Aden Campaign .
The Province of Crotone is a province in the Calabria region of Italy .
Leila Alice Denmark , M.D. née Daughtry ( born February 1 , 1898 ) is , at , an American pediatrician who became the oldest practicing pediatrician in the world , retiring at the age of 103 in May 2001 .
The only current grand ducal family in existence , the Grand Ducal Family of Luxembourg styles its junior members as Royal Highnesses , but this is due to their alternative status of Princes of Parma ( although this title was relinquished in 1995 ) .
Lone Rock is a city in Kossuth County , Iowa , United States .
The stated year is that of publication ; awards are given in the following year .
There are several classes of fire extinguishers :
Because of its declining range and population , it is listed as a '' Near Threatened '' species by the IUCN .
Plans called for a variety of housing developments such as Eastlake , Rancho del Rey and Otay Ranch neighborhoods .
Through questionable practice , Johann Maelzel , incorporating Winkel 's ideas , started manufacturing the metronome under his own name in 1816 : '' Maelzel 's Metronome '' .
In August 2008 , as a part of the district reform in Saxony , the districts of Zwickauer Land , Chemnitzer Land and the urban district Zwickau were merged into the new district Zwickau .
It was originally to be titled Urchin , but it was retitled Ender 's Shadow prior to release .
Squire Law Library at University of Cambridge The purpose of the centre is to '' promote international law by a combination of individual and group research , whether undertaken privately by scholars or funded externally , and by the publication of monographs and collections of primary materials '' .
, which was critical of several programming languages contemporaneous with COBOL , computer scientist and Turing Award recipient Edsger Dijkstra remarked that '' The use of COBOL cripples the mind ; its teaching should , therefore , be regarded as a criminal offense . ''
During this period , a couple is said to be affianced , betrothed , engaged to be married , or simply engaged .
She died of appendiceal cancer at her home in Switzerland at the age of 63 .
I believe in the Holy Ghost ; The holy Catholick Church ; The Communion of Saints ; The Forgiveness of sins ; The Resurrection of the body , And the Life everlasting .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
Plautus would have been living at the exact time as Naevius , but began writing later .
Bermudo later mentions in the same book that '' Guitars usually have four strings , '' which implies that the five-course guitar was of comparatively recent origin , and still something of an oddity '' .
Newcastle-under-Lyme , is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal town of the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme .
In 2008 , Rise Against recorded their fifth album Appeal to Reason with the help of guitarist Zach Blair , who is now a permanent member and has known the band for many years .
Wanting to be with her lover for all eternity , Aurora asked Zeus to grant immortality to Tithonus .
Maddow hosts a nightly television show , The Rachel Maddow Show , on MSNBC .
Isabella Mary Beeton ( née Mayson ) ( 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 ) , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
Hungary -- Around a dozen baby hatches , usually by hospitals .
Tiny jellyfish ( usually only a millimeter or two across ) swim away from the polyp and then grow and feed in the plankton .
the penis contains no bone ( baculum ) , unlike in rodents .
Retrieved 2010-09-09 .
A bovid is any of almost 140 species of cloven-hoofed mammals belonging to the family Bovidae .
Roman Catholic Church The Roman Catholic Church makes a distinction between full and partial communion .
They rebelled and proclaims Vitellius as emperor .
After Chef leaves , the school bus picks up the boys and they watch in horror as the aliens abduct Kyle 's little brother , Ike .
Maisoncelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their work with the abolitionist society who had helped and attract thousands of women in New England to the movement , as many came to hear Sarah and Angelina speak at public lectures .
He also tells Harry not to go looking for Black , whatever he might hear .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
Carroll attended Redwood High School in Larkspur , California .
Born won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics ( shared with Walther Bothe ) .
Solar power will be cost-competitive with fossil fuels by 2013 , according to notable futurist Ray Kurzweil .
The host nation then presents artistic displays of music , singing , dance , and theater representative of its culture .
In 1873 the new railway between Hoyerswerda and Ruhland opened - it had a positive effect on the economic development of the city .
Bouillon is a municipality of Belgium .
About 49 plant species , 107 bird species , and 93 insect species have been found to inhabit the islets , in addition to local marine life with 160 algal and 368 invertebrate species identified .
At the time of her death , Parker was listed as the 14th longest lived person ever .
It is located in the center of the country , to the northwest of the national capital Santo Domingo .
Contact may also refer to :
PopMatters ( 6\/10 ) link
Son of Hera and Zeus is his father in some accounts .
It was discovered in 1915 by Robert Innes , the Director of the Union Observatory in South Africa .
With the help of Charles Ellis he worked on the ionization of phosphorus and also on the photo-chemical reaction of carbon monoxide and magnesium .
September 5 & ndash ; Hans Sachs , German Meistersinger ( d. 1576 )
The Thames Valley Region is a loose term for the English counties and towns roughly following the course of the River Thames as it flows from Oxfordshire in the west to London in the east .
Gandelu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
With a dark spectrum ( i.e. a shadow surrounded by light ) , we find violet-blue along the top edge , and red-yellow along the bottom edge -- where these edges overlap , we find magenta .
The cornett , cornetto or zink is an early wind instrument , dating from the Medieval , Renaissance and Baroque periods .
For some considerations it is useful to specify the volume-specific heat capacity , commonly called volumetric heat capacity , which is the heat capacity per unit volume and has SI units .
The empire is named after its capital city of Vijayanagara , whose impressive ruins surround modern Hampi , now a World Heritage Site in modern Karnataka , India .
On June 25 , 2007 , police entered Benoit 's home on a '' welfare check '' after several missed appointments , leading to concerns .
Like all Pokémon , Charizard fight other Pokémon in battles central to the anime , manga , and games of the series .
The oldest Sinhala inscriptions found are from the 6th century BCE , on pottery ; the oldest existing literary works date from the 9th century CE .
The Colorful Puffleg ( Eriocnemis mirabilis ) is a critically endangered hummingbird endemic to Colombia .
On June 12 , 2008 he won the Calder Memorial Trophy awarded to the best rookie player in the NHL beating out his Blackhawks teammate Jonathan Toews .
With Cecil King ( Rothermere 's nephew ) in charge of the paper 's finances and Guy Bartholomew as editor , the Mirror in the late 1930s transformed itself from a conservative , middle-class newspaper into a left-wing paper for the working class .
Monastery The monastery of Lindisfarne was founded by Irish born Saint Aidan , who had been sent from Iona off the west coast of Scotland to Northumbria at the request of King Oswald around AD 635 .
Washington nominated Jay as the first Chief Justice of the United States .
Agnew is the only Vice President in U.S. history to resign because of criminal charges , and the second to resign .
It is therefore a more specific form of the term reflectivity .
The Final Cut is a concept album written by Roger Waters , performed by Pink Floyd and recorded at studios around the United Kingdom from July to December 1982 .
In most cases , a tang extends into the handle along the centreline of the blade .
River Avon ( disambiguation ) or Avon River ( disambiguation ) , various rivers
Needham ( 1986 ) , Volume 4 , Part 2 , 88 89 .
They have also released four albums : 1st Album , Boyfriend , Long Time No See , and Bravo ; two compilation albums : C ` est Si Bon Greatest Hits , I Love 56 - Re-emerging Legends : 5 Years Greatest Hits ; and taken part in four OSTs : My MVP Valentine OST , Westside Story OST , Mr. Fighting OST , and Ying Ye 3 Jia 1 .
Tropical Storm Franklin developed very close to land in the Bahamas and passed near Bermuda , but there were no reports of tropical storm force winds overland , with the strongest gust recorded on Bermuda being 37 mph ( 60 km\/h ) .
It is the first game of the Excite series , succeeded by its sequel Excitebike 64 , the spiritual successors Excite Truck and Excitebots : Trick Racing , and the WiiWare title Excitebike : World Rally .
The Coppa Italia ( Italian for Italy Cup , officially known as TIM Cup because of its sponsorship ) is an Italian football annual cup competition .
It was first described from rainbow trout in Germany a century ago , but its range has spread and it has appeared in most of Europe ( including Russia ) , the United States , South AfricaBartholomew , J.L. and Reno , P.W. (/O2002/O) .
In the Western world , between the late 18th century to now , the bourgeoisie is a social class characterized by their ownership of capital and their related culture .
It was a prelude to Hurricane Flora just days later .
Growth refers to an increase in some quantity over time .
Livingstone soon became a thorn in the side of the sitting Conservative government .
One remarkable example of psychiatric diagnosis being used to reinforce cultural bias and oppress dissidence is the diagnosis of drapetomania .
Besides these positions , Ashkenazy is conductor laureate of the Philharmonia Orchestra , conductor laureate of the Iceland Symphony Orchestra , and music director of the European Union Youth Orchestra , with which he performs regularly .
March 5 & ndash ; Boston Massacre : Five Americans are shot by British troops in an event that helps start the American Revolutionary War 5 years later .
Pasties emerged following the introduction of toplessness in theater as a way to censor the nipple ; conversely they emerged in burlesque and striptease as a way to reveal as much of the breast as possible without being entirely topless .
The group can be divided into basal or incertae sedis '' micromoths '' and the Apoditrysia , which includes mostly larger moths as well as the butterflies .
She says she named her daughter Nell after all the '' Helens '' in her family lineage .
Randal Keith '' Randy '' Orton ( born April 1 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wrestling on its Raw brand .
Strictly speaking in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
Within the realm of popular music and jazz , '' drums '' usually refers to a drum kit or a set of drums ( with some cymbals ) and '' drummer '' to the actual band member or person who plays them .
It also develops software for virtualization migration and conversion , for the purpose of migrating a physical server to a virtual server ( such as VMware ) , or what is also termed P2V .
There were 136 households out of which 43.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.6 % were married couples living together , 13.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.3 % were non-families .
Orbec is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Approximately half the size of a football field , the large , cooled volcanic rock was being forced upward as quickly as per day .
Watterson explains :
The first known written reference to Japan is in the brief information given in Twenty-Four Histories , a collection of Chinese historical texts , in the 1st century AD .
The fortified town was built in 1222 by Raimon VII , the Count of Toulouse , a Cathar heretic , and is now a popular tourist spot .
The naive way to do so is as block approval voting , a simple variant on block voting where each voter can select an unlimited number of candidates and the candidates with the most approval votes win .
There are a number of holothurian species and genera , many of which are targeted for human consumption .
Ueshiba 's goal was to create an art that practitioners could use to defend themselves while also protecting their attacker from injury .
Thomas Leo '' Tom '' Clancy Jr. ( born April 12 , 1947 ) His Who 's Who entry gives his date of birth as March 12 , 1947 .
He was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1994 , where he played the majority of his career , serving 11 seasons as team captain .
Thiéville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The wavelet only has a time domain representation as the wavelet function .
By topic Arts and sciences Possible date that Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius published his Saturnalia .
While free memberships are available , revenue is predominantly raised through paid memberships which allow players to access a range of additional features , ( such as the ability to purchase virtual clothing , furniture , and in-game pets called '' puffles '' , for their penguins through the use of in-game currency ) .
In 1895 , John Perry produced an age of Earth estimate of 2 to 3 billion years old using a model of a convective mantle and thin crust .
Lower Saxony incorporates 9 neighboring villages into the town in 1972 changing the structure of Buxtehude and creating a cluster of more than 30,000 inhabitants .
Co. ) is an electronic toy , more specifically , a robot , made by Tiger Electronics which went through a period of being a '' must-have '' toy following its launch in the holiday season of 1998 , with continual sales until 2000 .
Recording is a process of capturing data or translating information to a format stored on a storage medium often referred to as a record .
SFU has been rated as Canada 's best comprehensive university ( in 1993 , 1996 , 1997 , 1998 , 2000 , 2008 , 2009 and 2010 ) in the annual rankings of Canadian universities in Maclean 's magazine since 1991 .
It is named after the founder of the Bermuda colony , Admiral Sir George Somers .
A hobby is an activity or interest that is undertaken for pleasure or relaxation , typically done during one 's leisure time .
With its new system of transpacific flights established , Northwest began to advertise itself as the Northwest Orient Airlines , although its registered corporate name remained '' Northwest Airlines '' .
Foundation of the legendary Order of the Rose Cross -- Rosicrucian Order -- an Esoteric Christian fraternity , according to the Rosicrucian Fellowship , The Rosicrucian Fellowship ( founded 1909 ) : The Rosicrucian Interpretation of Christianity and for the first time expounded in the major Christian literary work Divine Comedy ( Divina Commedia , written by Dante Alighieri between 1304 and 1321 ) , according to major masonic and occult writers .
It would end three years later with the signing of the Treaty of Nanking on 1842-08-29 .
Ardmore is a business , cultural and tourism city in and the county seat of Carter County , Oklahoma , United States .
Unlike the degree Fahrenheit and degree Celsius , the kelvin is not referred to as a '' degree '' , nor is it typeset with a degree symbol ; that is , it is written K and not K/O. The kelvin and the degree Celsius are often used together , as they have the same interval , and 0 kelvin is 273.15 degrees Celsius .
He subsequently practiced law at the firm of Covington & Burling before being appointed an Associate Deputy Attorney General in the administration of President Gerald Ford .
Despite receiving numerous offers to act in other films , she declined , stating that she wanted to concentrate on finishing school .
It is an important center for the cultivation of rice , and is surrounded by paddy fields , which are flooded in summer .
The eyes that may be present at the tip of the tentacles range from simple ocelli that can not project an image ( simply distinguishing light and dark ) , to more complex pit and even lens eyes .
Yuki Fuji is a Japanese football player .
The War Department also bore responsibility for naval affairs until the establishment of the Navy Department in 1798 and for most land-based air forces until the creation of the Department of the Air Force in 1947 .
Dates from 1662 .
The first humans to reach the Geographic South Pole were Norwegian Roald Amundsen and his party on December 14 , 1911 .
It was the only Queen album to reach the # 1 position in both the United Kingdom and the United States and became Queen 's best selling studio album in the US with four million copies sold to date , tying News of the World 's US sales tally .
Mounds is a city in Pulaski County , Illinois , United States .
The Menai Strait ( , the '' River Menai '' ) is a narrow stretch of shallow tidal water about 25 km ( 16 miles ) long , which separates the island of Anglesey from the mainland of Wales .
The Andrews Sisters provide the vocals .
Norbert Nigbur ( born 8 May 1948 in Gelsenkirchen , Germany ) is a former German international football player .
In 1997 and 1998 , he was the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) National Wrestling Champion .
He is also known for his film roles in several popular movies , including the Toy Story series , The Santa Clause series , and Galaxy Quest .
Hairs are even sparser on the flanks , belly and groin .
The site of Amarna includes several modern villages , chief of which are el-Till in the north and el-Hagg Qandil in the south .
The Argus As 014 ( also known as the 109-014 by the RLM ) was a pulse jet engine used on the German V-1 flying bomb of World War II , and the first model of pulsejet engine placed in mass production .
Overall , the median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline .
Rudd was appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Gillard government and was sworn into this position on 14 September 2010 . He represented Gillard at a UN General Assembly meeting in September 2010 .
As of 2000 , the population was 9,287 .
The is a handheld digital pet created in 1996 by Aki Maita and sold by Bandai .
The song was recorded in 1992 and appears on Yankovic 's albums Off the Deep End and The Food Album .
Volcanic cones or cinder cones are the result from eruptions that erupt mostly small pieces of scoria and pyroclastics ( both resemble cinders , hence the name of this volcano type ) that build up around the vent .
He also created The Schnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show and Mad Jack the Pirate , worked as an executive producer and writer for Toonsylvania , produced and directed the current Tom and Jerry cartoons , wrote Hare and Loathing in Las Vegas and The Incredible Crash Dummies and did the story on two Roger Rabbit Shorts ; Tummy Trouble and Roller Coaster Rabbit .
The primary fields of research include human research , space medicine , life sciences , physical sciences , astronomy and meteorology .
Antonio Pappano ( born 30 December 1959 ) is a British conductor and pianist of Italian parentage currently serving as music director at the Royal Opera House in London , and l'Orchestra dell ` Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome .
The reason for deletion is shown in the summary below , along with details of the users who had edited this page before deletion .
Senlis is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines include the main island of Saint Vincent ( 344 k ) and the northern two-thirds of the Grenadines ( 45 k ) , which are a chain of small islands stretching south from Saint Vincent to Grenada .
This basin encompasses seven million square kilometers ( 1.7 billion acres ) , of which five and a half million square kilometers ( 1.4 billion acres ) are covered by the rainforest .
The overall cloud pattern began to deteriorate , with the eye becoming less distinct and the convection less symmetric .
In the 1930s , the spelling of the name of this small historic town was changed to Fjuckby .
Ratodero ( town ) is the capital of Ratodero Taluka a sub-division of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , it is located some 30 km away from the district capital Larkana .
Oracle bones with ancient Chinese writing from the Shang Dynasty have been radiocarbon dated to as early as 1500 BC .
She has achieved seven Billboard Top 40 hits , and five studio albums of which four have been positioned in the top 10 on Billboard 200 and besides that have been certified by the RIAA , three gold and two Multi - Platinum .
This template applies a good article symbol to an article 's interlanguage Wikipedia links .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , Adams began his career with the Fort William Maple Leafs in 1914 of the NMHL , and played for the Calumet Miners a year later .
Examples of Web 2.0 include social-networking sites , blogs , wikis , video-sharing sites , hosted services , web applications , mashups and folksonomies .
It was a socialist state and a federation made up of six socialist republics : Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia , and Slovenia .
The DeLeo brothers ' most recent side project , Army of Anyone , released its debut album on November 14 , 2006 .
Marie Curie ( 1867 -- 1934 ) , Polish-French chemist and physicist , two time Nobel Prize winner
Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Pumice ( ) is a textural term for a volcanic rock that is a solidified frothy lava typically created when super-heated , highly pressurized rock is violently ejected from a volcano .
He is best known for his talk show The Arsenio Hall Show , which ran between 1989 and 1994 , and his roles in the films Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Harvey brought heavy rain to Bermuda , with just over 5 inches ( 130 mm ) reported at Bermuda International Airport and caused some flooding of roads .
Numbers differed from other spreadsheet applications , including Microsoft Excel , in that it allowed users to create documents containing multiple spreadsheets on a flexible canvas using a number of built-in templates .
The asteroid 914 Palisana and the crater Palisa on the Moon were named in his honor .
Besides these there are also depictions of human beings , guanacos , rheas , felines and other animals , as well as geometric shapes , zigzag patterns , representations of the sun , and hunting scenes .
Mastered by : Tom Coyne
In sports , Crissiumal is known as '' the land of goalkeepers '' , because it was the home of several goalkeepers , the best of them being Taffarel , who played in the Brazilian sccer team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup , in Italy .
Atari Inc. released the Pro-Line Trak-Ball controller for the system , which was used primarily for gaming titles such as Centipede or Defender .
The edible root of zedoary has a white interior and a fragrance reminiscent of mango ; however , its flavor is more similar to ginger , except with a very bitter aftertaste .
Emperor Ch ` ien Lung ( China )
When the devil tells Faust to sign the pact with blood , Faust complains that the devil does not trust Faust 's word of honor . In the end , Mephistopheles wins the argument and Faust signs the contract with a drop of his own blood .
He stood down at the 2001 general election .
The word tengwar is Quenya for '' letters '' .
They can also be classified by the symbol rate measured in baud , the number of times the modem changes its signal state per second .
The band members currently consist of Charlie Scene , Da Kurlzz , Funny Man , J-Dog , and Johnny 3 Tears .
Zelda II : The Adventure of Link , released as in Japan , is an action adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System , and it is the second installment in The Legend of Zelda video game series .
In February 2005 , an optional Writing test was added to the ACT , mirroring changes to the SAT that took place later in March of the same year .
Lavoisier 's name for nitrogen is used in many languages ( French , Polish , Russian , etc. ) and still remains in English in the common names of many compounds , such as hydrazine and compounds of the azide ion .
Arad ( ; ; Arad ) is the capital city of Arad County , in western Romania , in the historical region of Cri ana , on the river Mure .
He appeared in one game as goaltender in the 1940 -- 41 season .
He also asserted his grandfather 's claim to the title King of France .
Bogy is located 10 k from Annonay , and 50 k from Valence .
The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , known in Japan as , is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console , and the third installment in The Legend of Zelda series .
Tropical Storm Carlos formed on June 26 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico .
Coupru is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Heinz Flohe ( born 28 January 1948 in Euskirchen ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player .
The Perfect Fool is an opera in one act with music and libretto by the English composer Gustav Holst .
Washington is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last .
Use this template when you are referring to specific pages within a cited source many times in the same article .
It is the 3rd largest city of Jammu and Kashmir in population and largest city according to area .
degree in Zoology in which he attained Second Class Honours , Upper Division .
That same year , he starred opposite Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , and Chris O'Donnell in School Ties .
He graduated from Clinton High School in 2001 .
One tesla is equal to one weber per square meter , and it was defined in 1960 in honor of the inventor , physicist , and electrical engineer Nikola Tesla .
A powerful oxidizing agent , the compound is used to manufacture explosives and matches .
She branched out into television in 1994 with a recurring role as the vain Jessica in three episodes of the Nickelodeon comedy series The Secret World of Alex Mack .
The majority of Scottish members , after forming the Scottish Socialist Party , left the Committee for a Workers ' International ( CWI -- the international socialist organization which the Socialist Party is affiliated to ) in early 2001 as the Scottish majority moved away from traditional Trotskyist politics .
Devin Star Tailes ( born July 2 , 1989 ) , better known by her stage name Dev , is an American recording artist .
The Visigoths ( ) were one of two main branches of the Goths , an East Germanic tribe ; the Ostrogoths being the other .
In heavy seas , ships would be lifted up and pounded down so hard as to '' shiver '' the timbers , startling the sailors .
Tienen or Thienen is a city and municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
The Coral Sea Islands Territory includes a group of small and mostly uninhabited tropical islands and reefs in the Coral Sea , northeast of Queensland , Australia .
It received an Oscar nomination for its costume design .
Serfdom reached Eastern European countries later than Western Europe -- it became dominant around the 15th century .
The Badeshi people there stopped using their native language completely few generations ago .
He currently plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian League and the Hungary national football team .
United States courts have held that , at least for some purposes , the Warsaw Convention is a different instrument from the Warsaw Convention as Amended by the Hague Protocol .
His 1990s and 2000s-era solo music has glam influences such as David Bowie and Iggy Pop .
He also served as Athletic Director from 1950 until 1976 .
The town lies 25 miles to the east of central London and 7.6 miles to the south of the county town of Chelmsford .
'' Entoprocta '' , coined in 1870 , means '' anus inside '' .
By the mid-1960s , sports federations were starting to ban the use of performance enhancing drugs ; in 1967 the IOC followed suit .
He was a child prodigy and at age 15 he had his first compositions published .
The team participed in the Venezuelan second division until 1990 when the club was promoted to the first division .
After the president was defeated in the U.S. presidential election , 1888 , the Clevelands lived in New York City .
National Security Council , an executive branch governmental body responsible for coordinating policy on national security issues
A common race involving eating is a hot dog eating race , where contestants try to eat more hot dogs than the other racers .
Leibstadt is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
This discovery , combined with supernovae observed in 1572 and 1604 , proved that the starry sky was not eternally invariable as Aristotle and other ancient philosophers had taught .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
In addition to downloading data linked to by .
Marko Babi ( born 28 January 1981 in Osijek ) is a Croatian international footballer who is currently unattached .
Theodor Heuss ( 31 January 1884 -- 12 December 1963 ) was a German politician and served as the first President of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1949 to 1959 .
Kofun are megalithic tombs or tumuli in Japan , constructed between the early 3rd century and early 7th century .
The Delaware River is a river on the Atlantic coast of the United States .
For common and comet varieties , each goldfish should have about 20 u of water .
Since the 1950s , Burton has recorded and performed with an array of notable singers , including Bob Luman , Dale Hawkins , Ricky Nelson , Elvis Presley , Johnny Cash , Merle Haggard , John Denver , Gram Parsons , Emmylou Harris , Jerry Lee Lewis , Claude King , Elvis Costello , Joe Osborn , Roy Orbison , Joni Mitchell , Vince Gill and Allen '' Puddler '' Harris .
It started and ended as a battle of the sexes .
The name Keith was retired in the spring of 2001 and was replaced with Kirk , but the name Kirk has yet to be used , as the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season did not have enough storms to reach the name .
Department stores usually sell products including apparel , furniture , home appliances , electronics , and additionally select other lines of products such as paint , hardware , toiletries , cosmetics , photographic equipment , jewelery , toys , and sporting goods .
Alben William Barkley ( November 24 , 1877 -- April 30 , 1956 ) was an American politician who served as the 35th Vice President of the United States ( 1949-1953 ) , under President Harry S. Truman .
There would be an NHL-sized ice rink for public & private skating .
John Adam Belushi ( ; January 24 , 1949 - March 5 , 1982 ) was an American comedian , actor , and musician best known as one of the original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live and for his roles in the films National Lampoon 's Animal House and The Blues Brothers . He was the older brother of Jim Belushi .
Letter from Jefferson to Madison of November 26 , 1799 , quoted in Koch and Ammon , 170 .
Sucrose is a white crystalline disaccharide .
At the Berlin International Film Festival in 1997 , DiCaprio won the Silver Bear Award for Best Actor and Luhrmann won the Alfred Bauer Award .
UNESCO confirmed Jikji as the world oldest metalloid type in September 2001 and includes it in the Memory of the World program .
A fictional universe is a self-consistent fictional setting with elements that differ from the real world .
Originally named Coo-Y-Yah , Cherokee for Huckleberry , it was renamed Pryor Creek , the name of the local railroad station ( named for the creek ) . Due to confusion in distinguishing handwritten mailing addresses to Pryor Creek and Pond Creek , the U.S. Postal Service name for the city was shortened to Pryor , though the official name of the city remains Pryor Creek .
Unlike the solar heat concentrators mentioned above , photovoltaic panels convert sunlight directly to electricity .
Juan Manuel Fangio won his third consecutive title , the fourth of his career .
Lancelot de Carles called her '' beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a Venetian in Paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .
Wang Zhen , Chinese agronomist , government official , and inventor of wooden-based movable type printing , publishes the Nong Shu ( Book of Agriculture ) .
Part of NY 308 is located along the Rhinebeck Village Historic District , a 1670 a historic district that contains 272 buildings in a variety of architectural styles dating from over 200 years of the settlement 's history .
It consists of four main parts ( precincts ) , of which only the largest , the Precinct of Amun-Re , currently is open to the general public . The term Karnak often is understood as being the Precinct of Amun-Re only , because this is the only part most visitors normally see .
A peripheral is a device attached to a host computer , but not part of it , and is more or less dependent on the host .
In the Atomic version , a new game play mode was introduced : Duke Tag , a '' capture the flag '' style mode .
It is a successor to the famous World War II ` Jeep ' vehicle by way of the Willys civilian Jeep ( CJ ) in the 1950s , later produced by Kaiser-Jeep and by American Motors ( AMC ) .
This unofficial add-on includes a sunny Caribbean atmosphere and theme such as beaches , vacation hotels .
You Ca n't Do That on Television ( a.k.a. YCDTOTV ) is a Canadian television program that first aired locally in 1979 before ultimately airing internationally in 1981 .
Le Verdon-sur-Mer is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Manuel Marinho Alves , best known as Maneca ( January 28 , 1926 -- June 28 , 1961 ) was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Dilbeek is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Pressure ( the symbol : P ) is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
The definition of symbiosis is in flux , and the term has been applied to a wide range of biological interactions .
Previously , Ortiz played for the Minnesota Twins ( 1997 - 2002 ) .
Michael Kenji '' Mike '' Shinoda ( born February 11 , 1977 ) is a musician , record producer , artist , and actor .
He also appeared in Reilly , Ace of Spies in 1983 .
Hexadecimal color codes begin with a hash ( # ) .
However , Morley evidently spent some time away from East Anglia , for he later referred to the great Elizabethan composer of sacred music , William Byrd , as his teacher ; while the dates he studied with Byrd are not known , they were most likely in the early 1570s .
Except on the west coast , where the white sandy beach is more extensive than elsewhere , a strip of dark gray coral rubble , forming a series of low ridges parallel to the coast , lies within the narrow beach , extending inward to the island rim .
It is northwest of Belfast and east of Derry , both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections .
As of 2009 , no one has yet synthesized a '' protocell '' using basic components which would have the necessary properties of life ( the so-called '' bottom-up-approach '' ) .
It was the only bridge over the Thames downstream from Kingston until Putney Bridge opened in 1729 .
February 26 - Annular solar eclipse will be visible from parts of South America and Africa .
WDC includes the Dancesport Committee , the Social Dance Committee and the Amateur League .
However , a bout of intensification took place on September 15 as shear diminished .
A power line for electric power transmission
Of the two albatross species found in Hawaii , one , the Black-footed Albatross , takes mostly fish while the Laysan feeds on squid .
Press conference held in Chile February 2008 Way wrote the song '' Skylines and Turnstiles '' to express his feelings about September 11 and shortly thereafter , Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way could n't sing and play the guitar at the same time .
Characteristics of Impressionist paintings include relatively small , thin , yet visible brush strokes , open composition , emphasis on the accurate depiction of light in its changing qualities ( often accentuating the effects of the passage of time ) , ordinary subject matter , the inclusion of movement as a crucial element of human perception and experience , and unusual visual angles .
A major exponent of 20th century filmed dance , Kelly was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style , his good looks and the likeable characters that he played on screen .
Physical body , an object in physics
The uncertainty of daily survival has been seen as creating a general mood of morbidity , influencing people to '' live for the moment '' , as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in The Decameron ( 1353 ) .
The term is generally used when discussing any locomotive powered by an internal combustion engine .
Garris ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Shinee took part in SMTown Live ' 08 , which was held on August 18 , 2008 at Seoul Olympic Stadium .
In the prize announcement The Norwegian Nobel Committee mentioned :
At each end of the narthex is a rather theatrical space framed by ionic columns in each of which is set and equestrian figure , Charlemagne by Cornacchini ( 18th century ) to the south and Emperor Constantine by Bernini ( 1670 ) to the north .
Bush v. Gore In Bush v. Gore , Justice Stevens wrote a scathing dissent on the Court 's ruling to stay the recount of votes in Florida during the 2000 presidential election .
The most significant and characteristic development of the Early English period was the pointed arch known as the lancet .
The program 's closing theme song , sung by McAllister , was called Kids Are People Too ( '' wacka-doo , wacka-doo , wacka-doo '' ) which was later adapted as the show 's title when ABC picked it up as a Sunday morning kids show .
Marya Roxx ( born Maarja Kivi on 18 January 1986 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is a hard rock\/metal singer\/songwriter residing in Los Angeles .
Wada , Shigeki , '' ` Dr. Yellow ' train keeps line safe , elates spotters '' , Japan Times , March 11 , 2010 , p. 3 .
In the course of several wars , his armies conquered most of continental Europe , with members of the Bonaparte family being appointed as monarchs of newly established kingdoms .
Released under the GNU General Public License , Squid is free software .
Alfred the Great succeeds as king of Wessex after Ethelred 's death .
To this end a program named '' CNR '' was developed : based on Debian 's Advanced Packaging Tool , it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee .
The Singing Neanderthals , ISBN 978-0-674-02559-8 believe that H. heidelbergensis , like its descendant H. neanderthalensis , acquired a primitive form of language .
These bands were soon joined by others including Oasis , Pulp , Supergrass , Sleeper and Elastica .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,058 square miles ( 2,740 km ) , of which 997 square miles ( 2,582 km ) is land and 61 square miles ( 159 km ) ( 5.80 % ) is water .
Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15 , and at its peak intensity it attained 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) winds , making it a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
National costume or regional costume expresses local ( or exiled ) identity and emphasises a culture 's unique attributes .
By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years , and over the same time period , every single women 's professional tournament in which she competed - 16 in all .
The Office of War Information took over VOA 's operations when it was formed in mid 1942 .
The township was established a few years later and subsequent gold mining , predominantly driven by the Port Phillip and Colonial Mining Company saw the town 's population rising to well over 6,000 residents in the late 1880s .
Each family unit has its own area within a given shabono .
Butcher made his debut for Ipswich against Everton in the First Division on 15 April 1978 and over the next eight seasons would establish himself as the club 's top central defender , combining leadership with great aerial ability and amazing courage .
Oval in geometry In geometry , an oval or ovoid is any curve resembling an egg or an ellipse , but not an ellipse .
A toilet roll holder , also known as a toilet paper dispenser , is an item that holds a roll of toilet paper .
Jackals may occasionally assemble in small packs , for example to scavenge a carcass , but they normally hunt either alone or as pairs .
Prevalence Studies have shown that hallucinatory experiences take place worldwide .
In 1752\/53 White held the office of Junior Proctor at Oxford and was Dean of Oriel .
Most confusing are the Polish , Czech , Slovak , French , Dutch , German , Yiddish and Scandinavian languages , in which the false friend '' citron '' refers to the fruit called lemon in English .
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
The public celebration was on April 18 , 2008 , while the private family one was on April 20 , 2008 , her actual birthday .
Numa is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
In 1766 Banks was elected to the Royal Society , and in the same year , at 23 , he accompanied Phipps to Newfoundland and Labrador with a view of studying their natural history .
Wade -- Giles ( ; ) , sometimes abbreviated Wade , is a Romanization system for the Mandarin language used in Beijing .
Oberdorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
At the beginning of 2005 , the municipalities of Kiihtelysvaara and Tuupovaara were consolidated with Joensuu .
Asia Chrysanthemums are introduced to Japan ( approximate date ) .
In most cases , a conurbation is a polycentric urban agglomeration , in which transportation has developed to link areas to create a single urban labor market or travel to work areaconurbation - Dictionary Definition of conurbation Encyclopedia.com : FREE Online Dictionary .
Year 26 ( XXVI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Ichthyosaurs , although common , are reduced in diversity ; while the top marine predators , the pliosaurs , grew to the size of killer whales and larger ( e.g. Pliosaurus , Liopleurodon ) .
They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers , although they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers .
In his autobiography , Davis criticized the Juilliard classes for centering too much on the classical European and '' white '' repertoire . However , he also acknowledged that Juilliard helped give him a grounding in music theory that would prove valuable in later years .
The name '' Miqra '' ( ) , meaning '' that which is read '' , is an alternative Hebrew term for the Tanakh .
Suttungr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,667 Mm in 1029.703 days , at an inclination of 174 to the ecliptic ( 151 to Saturn 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.131 .
In December 2009 , Dixie Carter announced in an interview that TNA Epics , which had recently aired its first season exclusively in the United Kingdom , would be debuting in the United States in January 2010 .
Commonly used ingredients include sesame oil , doenjang ( fermented bean paste ) , soy sauce , salt , garlic , ginger , pepper flakes and gochujang ( fermented red chili paste ) .
With the release of The Sims 2 in 2004 , Maxis ' logo was only displayed at the back of the box as well as the title screen at the launch of the game .
Polysaccharides are polymeric carbohydrate structures , formed of repeating units ( either mono - or di-saccharides ) joined together by glycosidic bonds .
Richard Starkey , MBE ( born 7 July 1940 ) , better known by his stage name Ringo Starr , is an English musician , singer-songwriter , and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the rock group The Beatles .
The four yellow arrows symbolize the native nations of Brazil , whereas their pointing into the four cardinal directions of the compass stands for the centralized emanating political power of Brasilia , as the capital of the country .
The 1954 Formula One season included the 5th FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on January 17 , 1954 , and ended on October 24 after nine races .
He has also appeared in most installments of the Mario Party series .
Eton has traditionally been referred to as '' the chief nurse of England 's statesmen '' , '' Eton - the establishment 's choice '' , BBC News Online , London , 2 September 1998 .
Other important cities include the beach resort , Kuta , which is practically part of Denpasar 's urban area ; and Ubud , which is north of Denpasar , and is known as the island 's cultural centre .
All stored books are placed in : Category : Wikipedia books .
The organization changed its name to its telegraph address , OXFAM , in 1965 .
Ibid , Table 142 , p. 499 , and p. 474 Marital coitus The average frequency of marital sex reported by women was 2.8 times a week , in late teens ; 2.2 times a week , by age 30 ; and 1.0 times a week , by age 50 .
Linear perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle ( the painting ) , to the viewer 's eye .
She won the Koussevitzky Conducting Prize at the Tanglewood Music Center in 1989 , where she studied under Leonard Bernstein , Seiji Ozawa , and Gustav Meier , among others .
He became jure uxoris King of Castile when Isabella succeeded her deceased brother in 1474 to be crowned as Queen Isabella I of Castile .
The CornerShot variations developed so far are the Standard , the 40 mm grenade launcher , the APR , and a derived anti-tank version .
Her debut album , Goodies , followed and became a success , selling over five million copies worldwide .
The politically dominant western wing was formed from three Governor 's provinces ( North-West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , West Punjab and Sind ) , one Chief Commissioner 's Province ( Baluchistan ) , several princely states and parts of Kashmir .
Belbin and Agosto went on to win the Olympic silver medal in ice dance on February 20 , 2006 . They were the first American ice dance team since 1976 , the first year ice dancing was contested at the Olympics , to win an Olympic medal .
Stade ( ) is a city in Lower Saxony , Germany and part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region ( Metropolregion Hamburg ) .
He resisted the well-ingrained tradition of parachuting senior officers from the armed forces into police commands ; and only with great reluctance did he give in to the demand from the Hertfordshire police committee that he use his wartime military rank .
Along with Hovell in 1824 , Hume was part of an expedition that first took an overland route from Sydney to Port Phillip near the site of present day Melbourne .
Despina has been revealed to be the notary , and the sisters realize they have been duped .
In August 1995 , the TTC suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the Russell Hill accident , on the Yonge-University-Spadina Line south of St. Clair West station .
In 1997 , Rice-Oxley convinced Scott and Hughes to let Chaplin join the band .
A razor is a bladed tool primarily used in the removal of unwanted body hair through the act of shaving .
With the Soviet Union gone the transition to a market economy began .
John Caius , English physician ( d. 1573 )
It is located in the eastern part of the Peloponnese .
In geometry a vertex figure is , broadly speaking , the figure exposed when a corner of a polyhedron or polytope is sliced off .
Most candidates lacking support drop out after doing poorly in the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary , and these states ' results often shift national preferences , according to historical polling data .
He was also a seven-time winner of the U.S. Chess Championship .
However about a thousand still remain .
It may also be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional , performance and cost goals .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat ( Craseonycteris thonglongyai ) , also known as the bumblebee bat , is a vulnerable species of bat and the only member of the family Craseonycteridae .
The thumb is the first digit of the hand .
Salazar , a fierce integralist , was determined to retain control of Portugal 's colonies .
Mordred is especially prominent in popular Arthurian texts of the modern era , especially in fiction , film , and television , and the comics medium . Some modern Arthurian works such as Marion Zimmer Bradley 's Mists of Avalon replace Morgause as Mordred 's mother with Morgan le Fay ( traditionally her sister ) .
Cheese is produced throughout the world in wide-ranging flavors , textures , and forms .
He was signed by the Bruins at age 14 and as a 16-year-old , played for the Oshawa Generals in the junior league Ontario Hockey Association , competing against eighteen - , nineteen - and twenty-year-olds ; National Hockey League rules dictated that he could not join the Boston Bruins before reaching eighteen .
The Packers are also the only team to win three consecutive NFL titles , having accomplished this twice ( 1929-30-31 under Lambeau and 1965-66-67 under Vince Lombardi ) .
He served as Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development from 1961 to 1966 , Foreign Minister of Germany and Vice Chancellor from 1969 to 1974 , acting Chancellor of Germany from 7 May to 16 May 1974 ( following the resignation of Willy Brandt after the Guillaume Affair ) , and finally as President of Germany from 1974 to 1979 .
Dance is also used to describe methods of non-verbal communication ( see body language ) between humans or animals ( bee dance , mating dance ) , motion in inanimate objects ( the leaves danced in the wind ) , and certain music genres .
The custom is said to have started during the Nara Period ( 710 794 ) when the Chinese Tang Dynasty influenced Japan in many ways ; one of which was the custom of enjoying flowers .
Present She now lives in Stockholm with her boyfriend Alexander Skepp .
Depictions of the demiurge -- the term originates with Plato 's Timaeus -- vary from being as an embodiment of evil , to being merely imperfect and as benevolent as its inadequacy permits .
Early on May 29 , Tropical Depression One nearly attained tropical storm status , with intensity estimates using the Dvorak Technique reaching T2 .5 , or 40 mph ( 65 km\/h ) ; however , the estimates were also as low as T1 .5 , leading to the intensity of the depression remaining at 35 mph ( 55 km\/h ) .
Meat rationing ends in Australia .
The tail appears to have been held well clear of the ground , while the head of Stegosaurus was positioned relatively low down , probably no higher than 1 metre ( 3.3 ft ) above the ground .
Such desks are sometimes called left-pedestal desks and right-pedestal desks , depending on the position of the single pedestal . These desks are not as tall as normal adult desks .
Once Upon a Mattress -- Book by Jay Thompson , Marshall Barer , and Dean Fuller .
Since 1967 , the median household income in the United States has risen by 31 % , fluctuating several times .
The HBO-made series Entourage was taken off-air for three weeks by one cable operator in the Philippines pending clearance by MTRCB .
She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia 's 100 Sexiest Women in 2000 .
After his defeat in the 1980 federal election , he retreated to commenting on federal politics from his safe seat in Bavaria .
Craig 1421260 Populated Place P. of Wales-O .
Cartwright voices other characters for the show , including Nelson Muntz , Ralph Wiggum , Todd Flanders , Kearney and Database .
Fauset worked as a schoolteacher for many years and retired from teaching in 1944 .
The increasing popularity of the Bells ' work led to renewed interest in the Poems by Currer , Ellis , and Acton Bell , originally published by Aylott and Jones .
The Barn Swallow ( Hirundo rustica ) is the most widespread species of swallow in the world .
'' Boys '' ( Britney Spears song )
On November 9 , 1917 , it was reported that the Toronto NHA franchise was sold to Charles Querrie of the Toronto Arena corporation . At this point , NHA president Robertson and secretary Frank Calder denied that the NHA would change , dissolve or adopt other subterfuge .
The Chinese Striped Hamster ( Cricetulus barabensis ) , also known as the Striped Dwarf Hamster , is a species of hamster .
Electricity is provided by City of Akhiok .
Monday 7 November 2005 1,408 395 274 towns in total .
Swift to its close ebbs out life 's little day ; earth 's joys grow dim ; its glories pass away ; change and decay in all around I see ; O thou who changest not , abide with me .
The Fleet line was mentioned in a 1965 Times article , discussing options after the Victoria line had been completed -- suggesting that the Fleet line could take a Baker Street -- Bond Street -- Trafalgar Square -- Strand -- Fleet Street -- Ludgate Circus -- Cannon Street route , then proceeding into south-east London .
In many cases , the S-Boxes are carefully chosen to resist cryptanalysis .
Overview The indigenous people of the district were part of the Ngunnawal people .
In British English ` switchback ' is more likely to refer to a heavily undulating road -- a use extended from the rollercoaster and the other type of switchback railway .
The single digit group identifiers are : 0 or 1 for English-speaking countries ; 2 for French-speaking countries ; 3 for German-speaking countries ; 4 for Japan ; 5 for Russian-speaking countries , and 7 for Mainland China ( excluding Hong Kong and Taiwan , which have 962 +988 and 957 +986 respectively ) .
Asia is the world 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres .
It does not form part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner Galilean satellites -- Io , Europa and Ganymede -- and thus does not experience appreciable tidal heating .
They are found in both the Western Hemisphere and in the Eastern Hemisphere , but are more numerous in the latter .
September 19 - Battle of Poitiers The English , commanded by the Black Prince , defeat the French in the Hundred Years ' War , capturing the King John II of France in the process .
It was introduced on 1 January 2005 , replacing the previous lira ( which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005 ) at a rate of 1 second lira ( ISO 4217 code '' TRY '' ) = 1,000,000 first lira ( ISO 4217 code '' TRL '' ) .
He graduated from Anchor Bay High School in New Baltimore in 1983 .
Astaire and Rogers In the early 20th century , the on-screen dance pairing of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers greatly influenced ballroom dancing in the USA .
While agreeing with the Commission that Oswald fired all the shots which caused the wounds to Kennedy and Governor Connally , it stated that there were at least four shots fired and that there was a '' high probability '' that two gunmen fired at the President .
Windows 7 is also supported in the latest version (/O2010/O) .
A group of fifteen people started working on the first Sonic the Hedgehog game , and renamed themselves Sonic Team .
Like the parable of the Tares , earlier in Matthew 13 , this parable refers to the final judgment .
Strong easterly shear inhibited its development over the next three days until September 9 , when it developed a broad area of low pressure in the central Atlantic about midway between the coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles .
William Roger Clemens , aka '' The Rocket '' ( born August 4 , 1962 ) is a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher .
Conquest of Peru , Prescott , 1847 Full text , free to read and search .
The northbridge , also known as a memory controller hub ( MCH ) or an integrated memory controller ( IMC ) in Intel systems ( AMD , VIA , SiS and others usually use ` northbridge ' ) , is one of the two chips in the core logic chipset on a PC motherboard , the other being the southbridge .
The British had the Royal Navy which was superior in numbers and could operate within the British Empire , while the German Kaiserliche Marine surface fleet was mainly restricted to the German Bight , and used commerce raiders and unrestricted submarine warfare to operate elsewhere .
She currently lives in Allen , Texas .
For his show on March 24 , 2009 he released the soundtrack\/studio album called For The Love Of Ray J. On November 2 , 2009 , the show 's second season premiered .
James Waddell Alexander II ( 1888 -- 1971 ) , important topologist of the pre-WWII era
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period .
Lucas is a film directed by David Seltzer and first released on March 28 1986 .
Ophiuchus is a large constellation located around the celestial equator .
Page from the franchise site using '' First Great Western '' as name .
Saint-Vivien-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Virgin Group Limited is a British branded venture capital conglomerate organization founded by business tycoon Richard Branson .
Meurcé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Auterrive is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Summerlee Heritage Park is an award winning industrial museum in Coatbridge , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
The series storyline was finally concluded in Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots for the PlayStation 3 .
The current duet started recording in late 2007 with Susi and Fiona ( then 12 and 11 years old respectively ) , and released an album called Einfach tierisch in March 2008 .
M.net 's reality show Factory Girl chronicled the members working as interns at fashion magazine Elle Girl .
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus ( sometimes known as Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam ) ( October 27 , 1466/1469 , Rotterdam -- July 12 , 1536 , Basel ) was a Dutch Renaissance humanist and a Catholic Christian theologian .
Indiana University of Pennsylvania ( or IUP ) is a public university in Indiana County , Pennsylvania , USA . The university is 55 m northeast of Pittsburgh .
At the Chinese Grand Prix the Toro Rosso scored their best results , with Vettel finishing fourth and Vitantonio Liuzzi sixth , scoring eight points for the team .
However , their coats are endowed with unusually stiff guard hairs that function similarly to the spines of a hedgehog ; this trait is the source of the common name , spiny mouse .
''/O'' Good Hair Day ''/O'' , commonly referred to as '' ghd '' , is a manufacturer of hair care products .
Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon ( 4 August 1900 -- 30 March 2002 ) was the Queen consort of King George VI from 1936 until her husband 's death in 1952 , after which she was known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother , to avoid confusion with her daughter , Queen Elizabeth II .
SpVgg Bayreuth is a German football club based in Bayreuth , Bavaria .
Two variants of the license ,
Given its relative isolation , Andorra has existed outside the mainstream of European history , with few ties to countries other than France and Spain .
The Henry Head Battery is located on the northern side of the entrance to Botany Bay at Henry Head , La Perouse , New South Wales , Australia .
He is also known for his work as a social activist , particularly as an advocate for animal rights .
The standard author abbreviation Mill .
The earth went from the Oligocene epoch through the Miocene and into the Pliocene as it cooled into a series of Ice Ages .
After listening to this tape , Rattle hired Harding as an assistant to him at the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra for a year , from 1993-1994 .
Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay .
The St. Bernard is a very large breed of working dog from the Swiss Alps , originally bred for rescue .
The peace treaty was recorded in two versions , one in Egyptian hieroglyphs , the other in Akkadian , using cuneiform script ; fortunately , both versions survive .
Naoya Kondo is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kashiwa Reysol .
The former program , launched in 1958 , made television history , winning every award in the field of educational television .
You - You magazine is a women 's magazine featured in the Mail on Sunday .
It was founded in West Germany in 1950 to represent the common interests of the new , decentralized post-war broadcasting services -- in particular , the introduction of a joint television network .
Removal of inappropriate content If the community lets you know that they would rather you delete some content from your user space , you should consider doing so such content is only permitted with the consent of the community .
Trochenbrod or Trochinbrod in Russian ( ) was a Jewish shtetl ( village ) with an area once located in western Ukraine , about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk , the nearest now existing villages are and .
The trade monopoly in the Faroe Islands was abolished in 1856 and the area has since then developed as a modern fishing nation with its own fleet .
Chemical factors produced during inflammation ( histamine , bradykinin , serotonin , leukotrienes also prostaglandins ) sensitize pain receptors , cause vasodilation of the blood vessels at the scene , and attract phagocytes , especially neutrophils .
The town of Dachau in Bavaria , Germany
He uses this to explain general influences from Totonacan and Mixe-Zoquean languages in many other Mesoamerican languages many of which do not have any known history of contact with either of the above-mentioned groups .
The ambassador inadvertently included a draft of a letter , presented by scholar Heath W. Lowry , advising the ambassador on how to prevent mention of the Armenian Genocide in scholarly works .
It is at the junction of the A38 and A61 .
The Young Concert Artists ' Trust ( YCAT ) is a trust which holds competitions for young classical musicians in the United Kingdom and supports them by giving them opportunities for public performances .
He was born at Porlezza , Lombardy and died in Rome .
Nectar is a sugar-rich liquid produced by plants .
Focal-plane shutters are mounted near the focal plane and move to uncover the film or sensor .
David Dutton , Austen Chamberlain -- Gentleman in Politics , Bolton : R. Anderson , 1985 .
In November 1997 , the website mp3 .
Gosnay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Of the first triad , Dike ( , '' justice '' ) was the goddess of moral justice .
Sweet Baby ( originally known as Sweet Baby Jesus ) was a pop punk band that originated from Berkeley , California , and was part of the 924 Gilman Street scene .
The Bavaria Party ( , BP ) is a separatist political party in the state of Bavaria in southern Germany .
The university was inaugurated on 27 June 1934 , and Pridi served as the first rector of the university .
From its peak in the 1980s , the Leadbeater 's Possum population is expected to further decline rapidly , by as much as 90 % .
Historically , '' ox '' was a non-gender-specific term for adult cattle , but generally this is now used only for draft cattle , especially adult castrated males . The term is also incorporated into the names of other species such as the musk ox and '' grunting ox '' ( yak ) , and is used in some areas to describe certain cattle products such as ox-hide and ox-tail .
-- Me questionas a me -- lu dicis - ka la steli intence brilas por ke uladie singlu povez trovar sua stelo .
His first term as Prime Minister commenced in 1939 , after the death in office of the United Australia Party leader Joseph Lyons and a short-term interim premiership by Sir Earle Page .
Castillon-la-Bataille is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Workers at the pressing plant initially refused to handle it due to the allegedly blasphemous content of the song '' Asylum '' .
Some fish that do not have '' cod '' in their names are sometimes sold as cod .
He co-owns The 40/40 Club and the New Jersey Nets .
For decades , Scott 's and Whately 's opinions dominated the reception of Austen 's works and few people read her novels .
Computer programs like RasMol or Pymol can be used to visualize biological molecular structures .
On the afternoon of October 22 , 2007 , the Marines evacuated some planes from Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to other military bases in California and Arizona .
Silver plating is standard on all brass mouthpieces because it is the most cost-effective , and is a good material in terms of tone quality .
The Castle Church in Wittenberg is begun .
Acidic solutions of permanganate are reduced to the faintly pink manganese ( II ) ion ( Mn2 + ) and water .
As of 2009 , Alaska remains the least densely populated state of the U.S.
Granville County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
He was born Hovhannes ( Onik ) Karapetyan in the city of Alexandropol , then part of the Russian Empire ( now Gyumri , Armenia ) .
features Fall Out Boy vocalist Patrick Stump .
The Sunshine Coast ( population 312,804 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers ) is a coastal region of Australia located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .
Having been previously rejected , Archer was made a life peer in 1992 as Baron Archer of Weston-super-Mare , of Mark in the County of Somerset .
A permanent anchor is often called a mooring , and is rarely moved ; it is quite possible the vessel can not hoist it aboard but must hire a service to move or maintain it .
The Miss World pageant is the oldest surviving major international beauty pageant . It was created in the United Kingdom by Eric Morley in 1951 .
The Province of Livorno or Leghorn is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
These plates move in relation to one another at one of three types of plate boundaries : convergent , or collisional boundaries ; divergent boundaries , also called spreading centers ; and conservative transform boundaries .
Military history is a humanities discipline within the scope of general historical recording of armed conflict in the history of humanity , and its impact on the societies , their cultures , economies and changing intra and international relationships .
The land around Port Jackson was occupied at the time of European discovery and colonisation by various tribes including the Gadigal , Cammeraygal , Eora and Wangal peoples .
In the same year , he was installed as pastor of the small Baptist church at Waterbeach , Cambridgeshire , where he published his first literary work : a Gospel tract written in 1853 .
When Kasparov instead played Kramnik for the world title in 2000 , Shirov maintained that the match was invalid and he was the rightful challenger .
In December 1938 , the German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann sent a manuscript to Naturwissenschaften reporting they had detected the element barium after bombarding uranium with neutrons ; O. Hahn and F. Strassmann .
Kenichiro Meta is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Garry Marshall returned to direct and Debra Martin Chase to produce the sequel .
During Ramesses II 's reign , the Egyptian army is estimated to have totaled about 100,000 men ; a formidable force that he used to strengthen Egyptian influence .
The Buddha , His Life and Teachings In most Buddhist traditions , he is regarded as the Supreme Buddha ( P. samm sambuddha , S. samyaksa buddha ) of our age , '' Buddha '' meaning '' awakened one '' or '' the enlightened one . ''
Horus was the ancient Egyptian sky god who was usually depicted as a falcon .
Built in 1964 , the vehicle was powered by a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and was backed by a Powerglide automatic transmission .
The power unit used was a Napier Deltic T9-29 9-cylinder engine of driving an EE generator , which powered the four traction motors .
In some cases keys are randomly generated using a random number generator ( RNG ) or pseudorandom number generator ( PRNG ) . A PRNG is a computer algorithm that produces data that appears random under analysis .
com for '' earth pig '' or '' ground pig '' ( aarde earth\/ground , varken pig ) , because early settlers from Europe thought it resembled a domestic pig .
Music A memorable feature of the film is the tune that is whistled by the POWs -- the '' Colonel Bogey March '' -- when they enter the camp .
The first purpose-built shopping center in the United States , opened in Kansas City , Missouri in 1922 , knowingly took the name of '' Country Club Plaza '' and adopted Spanish architectural details .
Avatar : The Last Airbender ( also known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang ) is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 .
It is widely alleged that this was done through rat lines which were operated by members of the organization who were Catholic priests and who had previously secured positions at the Vatican .
He has worked on some of the most critically acclaimed Nintendo games , including the Mario series , The Legend of Zelda , Pikmin and Animal Crossing series .
Despite the advent of World War II , Dumbo was still the most financially successful Disney film of the 1940s .
The genus was named by Carl Linnaeus after Dr. Alexander Garden ( 1730-1791 ) , a Scottish-born American naturalist .
Marysville is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
Through a career that spanned 45 of her 47 years , Garland attained international stardom as an actress in musical and dramatic roles , as a recording artist and on the concert stage .
Audiophiles paid attention to technical characteristics and bought individual components , such as separate turntables , radio tuners , preamplifiers , power amplifiers and loudspeakers .
Seaweed is an ingredient in toothpaste , cosmetics and paints .
The Tollense is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany , right tributary of the Peene .
The Meselson-Stahl experiment was an experiment by Matthew Meselson and Franklin Stahl which demonstrated that DNA replication was semiconservative .
CH-4912 Aarwangen
The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favored Boston Bruins two games to none for the Stanley Cup .
The few overnight trains that still run in Japan run on the older narrow gauge network that the Shinkansen parallels .
Later that day , Sichuan Tengzhong itself announced the deal on their own website .
Late of the Pier
He enrolled in the Army in search of a disciplined environment , served in the Vietnam War , and was wounded in action on November 19 , 1965 .
A new format for the playoffs would also be introduced which would see the top four teams in each division qualify for the post-season with the first and third and the second and fourth place teams in each respective division pairing off in a divisional semi-final series .
In May 2009 FSF dropped the lawsuit when Cisco agreed to make a monetary donation to the FSF and appoint a Free Software Director to conduct continuous reviews of the company 's license compliance practices .
Mount Olivet was consecrated in 1855 , and was the first Catholic cemetery to be established in the south side of Chicago .
The theory of special relativity is believed to hold throughout the universe , provided that the spatial and temporal length scales are sufficiently short ; otherwise , the more general theory of general relativity must be applied .
Most instruments known as '' chordophones '' are defined as string instruments , but some such as these examples are percussion instruments also .
From 1819 to 1839 it served as the state capital of Illinois .
Kirkby Thore is a small village , civil parish and hill in Cumbria , England at .
Its first 13400 a have been part of the National Wilderness Preservation System since the System was created in 1964 .
It was the first season since prior to the 2004 -- 05 lockout in which every team played each other at least once during the season , following three seasons where teams only played against two divisions in the other conference ( one division at home and one on the road . )
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that organized in the Gulf of Mexico .
Archaeological studies have shown that people lived in the Green Bay area before the first French settlers arrived .
Umayyad Caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan who initiated construction of the Dome , hoped that it would '' house the Muslims from cold and heat '' Abu-Bakr al-Wasiti , Fada'il Bayt al-Maqdis , pp .
The assembly was established in 2000 and is headquartered at City Hall on the south bank of the River Thames close to Tower Bridge .
When Europeans first encountered turkeys in the America Continent they incorrectly identified the birds as a type of guineafowl ( Numididae ) , also known as Turkey fowl ( or Turkey hen and Turkey cock ) from their importation to Central Europe through Turkey , and that name , shortened to just the name of the country , stuck as the name of the bird .
Gary Winston Lineker ( pronounced lin-uh-kuh : ) , OBE ( born 30 November 1960 ) is a former English footballer , who played as a striker .
Earlier theories ( e.g. , by Alfred Wegener and Alexander du Toit ) of continental drift were that continents '' plowed '' through the sea .
An electricity pylon or transmission tower ( also known as Ironmen in Australia and hydro tower in Canada ) is a tall , usually steel lattice structure used to support overhead electricity conductors for electric power transmission .
The officers discovered the bodies of Benoit , his wife Nancy , and their 7-year-old son Daniel at around 2:30 p.m. EDT .
No Frills is Franklins ' generic range of products .
Modern napalm is composed primarily of benzene and polystyrene , and is known as napalm-B , super-napalm , NP2 , or also Incendergel .
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
The only other significant storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena , which passed just to the south of Hawaii , the first storm to directly threaten Hawaii for several years .
The IOC will allow 3,500 athletes and 875 officials to participate at the Summer Youth Games , and 970 athletes and 580 officials at the Winter Youth Games .
Two sequels were made , MotorStorm : Pacific Rift in 2008 , and MotorStorm : Apocalypse in 2011 . Another game was also created , MotorStorm : Arctic Edge .
However , the West Midlands is not entirely urban ; Coventry is separated from the West Midlands conurbation by a stretch of green belt land roughly 15 m across , known as the '' Meriden Gap '' , which retains a strongly rural character .
The Gold Coast Arts Centre is a set of facilities that sits on the banks of the Nerang River in the Gold Coast in Queensland , Australia .
The first public law establishing Peace Corps in the US Code was The Peace Corps Act passed by the 87th Congress and signed into law on September 22 , 1961 .
In any semester there are over 50 different nationalities and the IMI - Staff is from over 10 different nationalities .
The strong force itself acts directly only upon elementary quark and gluon particles .
A very rare , limited edition Manchester United Game Boy is red , with the logos of the team emblazoned on it was released simultaneously with the Play it Loud !
Si-mon-ee ) is the crime of paying for sacraments and consequently for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church , named after Simon Magus , who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18 -24 .
Their mothers became friends and he started a friendship with the two brothers that endures today .
In February 1980 on the banks of the Columbia River , eight-year-old Brian Ingram found $ 5,880 in decaying $ 20 bills , which proved to be part of the original ransom .
Take our rights and our life Under your infinite protection , Oh God of the valiant !
'' God Defend New Zealand '' is one of the national anthems of New Zealand , together with '' God Save the Queen '' .
The name Temse is derived from the Gallo-Roman\/Gaul ` Tamisiacum ' or ` Tamasiacum ' .
Daigo is a town located in Kuji District , Ibaraki , Japan .
In January 1703 , shortly after graduating and failing an audition for an organist 's post at Sangerhausen , Bach took up a post as a court musician in the chapel of Duke Johann Ernst in Weimar , a large town in Thuringia .
Sunwah Linux A Chinese distribution Symphony OS Includes the Mezzo desktop environment .
A real pendulum swings with the same period as a simple pendulum with a length equal to the distance from the pivot point to a point in the pendulum called the center of oscillation .
Buddhism in Silla was , more so than in the case of Baekje and Goguryeo , an officially sponsored faith .
The City of Wakefield ( ) is a local government district of West Yorkshire , England , with the status of a city and metropolitan borough .
July 15 -- Ladislaus II of Hungary is declared King of Hungary .
The Kentucky River is a tributary of the Ohio River , 259 mi ( 417 km ) long , in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Each time the trumpet is answered with increasingly shrill outbursts from the flutes ( onstage ) -- apart from the last : The Unanswered Question .
Murringo is a small village in the southwestern slopes of New South Wales , Australia in Young Shire .
The guitar consists of a body with a rigid neck to which the strings , generally six in number but sometimes more , are attached .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 18 They are sometimes discovered along with small dolls or figurines ( sometimes inaccurately referred to as '' Voodoo dolls '' See e.g. Faraone in Magika Hiera (/O1991/O) , p. 4 etc. ) , which may also be pierced by nails .
Tourism is a promising sector with a number of new hotels and resorts having been built in recent years .
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl is a first-person shooter computer game by the Ukrainian developer GSC Game World , published in 2007 .
In 1904 , he passed the special vernacular examination in Hindi and Urdu a and was transferred to Kanpur as the deputy sub-inspector of schools .
In 1993 , Tsuburaya Productions and Toei Company co-produced Ultraman vs. Kamen Rider , a crossover with the original Ultraman and Toei 's Kamen Rider 1 .
The Kea ( Nestor notabilis ) is a large species of parrot ( family Strigopidae ) found in forested and alpine regions of the South Island of New Zealand .
The tambourine can be held in the hand or mounted on a stand , and can be played in numerous ways , from stroking or shaking the jingles to striking it sharply with hand or stick or using the tambourine to strike the leg or hip .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,576 .
You can save your book on the '' Book '' page , which can be reached by clicking the '' Show book '' link in the menu on the left hand side .
The original structure was renovated in 1907 , when it was given its current layout with 2,800 seats .
Gregory Peck ( April 5 , 1916 -- June 12 , 2003 ) was an American actor .
The distances involved may be short ( a few meters as in television remote control ) or long ( thousands or millions of kilometers for radio communications ) .
This activity is known as personal grooming , a form of hygiene .
The settlement was formerly a royal burgh from 1342 to 1975 and a parliamentary burgh from 1708 to 1950 , the former status being conferred by David II of Scotland for hospitality he and his Queen received when shipwrecked there the previous year when returning from exile .
Alfonso Soriano ( born January 7 , 1976 , in San Pedro de Macoris , Dominican Republic ) is a professional Major League Baseball outfielder for the Chicago Cubs .
Whereas ancient laurel wreaths are most often depicted as a horseshoe shape , modern versions are usually complete rings .
Retrieved on May 26 , 2008 .
Birrwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
I-87 connects with I-95 in New York City , New York State Route 17 ( NY 17 ; future I-86 ) near Harriman , I-84 near Newburgh , and I-90 in Albany .
This snippet is taken from the article about the Finchley Road tube station .
It is spoken by approximately 18 million people in Pakistan , and is also spoken in India by some 1 million speakers .
Skipping over the hacked + reverted revisions would condense the History listing of many high-traffic articles by about 50 % or more .
William Hooper ( June 17 , 1742 -- October 14 , 1790 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and a member of the Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777 .
Image : Illu repdt male .
Thus , music in F major for these instruments is written in C major key .
They are also the only team to have won the Série A six times , and in addition have won the Campeonato Paulista 21 times .
The first episode in which Flanders and his family were prominent is season two 's '' Dead Putting Society '' , which also contained the first appearance of Maude and Rod Flanders .
Rodrigo 's music counts among some of the most popular of the 20th century , particularly his Concierto de Aranjuez , considered one of the pinnacles of the Spanish music and guitar concerto repertoire .
Roseann '' Rosie '' O'Donnell ( born March 21 , 1962 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actress , singer , author and media personality .
Stresemann was an excellent student , particularly excelling in German literature and poetry .
The Snake River in northwest Wyoming eventually drains into the Columbia River and the Pacific Ocean , as does the Green River through the Colorado River Basin .
Inside the building , a thorough search conducted by the police resulted in the finding of Marinus van der Lubbe .
Hamlin ran the full season in 2005 after he replaced Mike Bliss in the # 20 Rockwell Automation Chevrolet in the Busch Series .
In the subsequent election , Cornelius V. Clickener became Hoboken 's first mayor .
Suidae is the biological family to which domestic pigs and their wild relatives belong .
The term usually refers to a semiconductor diode , the most common type today .
The seminal vesicles secrete a significant proportion of the fluid that ultimately becomes semen .
Equipment and environment needed to prepare the dish
It was the first game in the popular Quake series of video games .
The family is not related to the New World orioles , which are icterids , family Icteridae .
During the 2002 and 2003 This Side tour , Nickel Creek performed mainly as a headlining act , but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England , and toured with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year .
The Isles of Scilly have a sui generis local authority , the Isles of Scilly Council , which is similar to a unitary authority found in the rest of England .
and Sonic X in its lineup , along with adding Dragon Ball Z Kai , a redone version of Dragon Ball Z from Funimation Entertainment , which is shared with Nicktoons in the USA .
One story has it that he wanted to sink his teeth into a food that the queen had banned from the royal court -- pizza .
The cathedral is dedicated to Eulalia of Barcelona , co-patron saint of Barcelona , a young virgin who , according to Catholic tradition , suffered martyrdom during Roman times in the city .
Magnificat anima mea Dominum , et exsultavit spiritus meus in Deo salvatore meo , quia respexit humilitatem ancillae suae .
Macropus is a marsupial genus that belongs to the family Macropodidae , it has 14 species which are further divided into 3 subgenera .
Diplomats from more than a dozen states - including the U.S. , Britain , Canada , Sweden , Australia and New Zealand - were denied access to the court to watch the trial and stood outside the court for its duration .
The Chinese General Ma Yuan represses the rebellion of the Trung sisters in Tonkin .
s
Murder of William Douglas , 8th Earl of Douglas by James II of Scotland at Stirling Castle .
Monnes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams ( born June 17 , 1980 ) is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No. 8 in singles and World No. 20 in doubles .
For the execution of all of this we demand the formation of a strong central power in the Reich .
The people of South Tibet have cultural , linguistic , and ethnic ties to Tibet .
Microsoft PowerPoint , usually just called PowerPoint , is a closed source commercial presentation program developed by Microsoft . It is part of the Microsoft Office suite , and runs on Microsoft Windows and Apple 's Mac OS X operating system .
Lions live for ten to fourteen years in the wild , while in captivity they can live longer than twenty years .
The game 's subtitle , We Dance , was derived from the Namco-Bandai games ; We Ski and We Cheer , also for the Wii .
Lorraine Downes
Park Chung-hee ( 30 September 1917 -- 26 October 1979 ) was a Republic of Korea Army general and the President of South Korea ( the Republic of Korea ) from 1961 to 1979 .
Rafael Ishkhanyan or Ishkhanian ( , 1922 -- 1996 ) was an Armenian philologist and historian .
Hilton co-wrote the book and lyrics for Shangri-La , a disastrous 1956 Broadway musical adaptation of Lost Horizon .
She is also a member of the band Kurobara Hozonkai , with the name YUIEL .
Caryophyllales is an order of flowering plants that includes the cacti , carnations , amaranths , ice plants , and many carnivorous plants .
In typical 18th to 21st century oratorios and masses , chorus or choir is usually understood to imply more than one singer per part , in contrast to the quartet of soloists also featured in these works .
In many quarters , the Metro extension has not been viewed as a huge success due to this cut in the frequency of services .
Paul Keres ( January 7 , 1916 - June 5 , 1975 ) , was an Estonian chess grandmaster , and a renowned chess writer .
He joined Redd Sullivan 's Thameside Four in 1961 .
In the case of a block cipher , it refers to a set of techniques for tracing differences through the network of transformations , discovering where the cipher exhibits non-random behaviour , and exploiting such properties to recover the secret key .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
Visiting the region with Howell by helicopter , he saw tools and fossils everywhere .
The term costume can refer to wardrobe and dress in general , or to the distinctive style of dress of a particular people , class , or period .
Between 1933 and 1934 , the British chemists Sir Walter Norman Haworth and Sir Edmund Hirst and , independently , the Polish chemist Tadeus Reichstein , succeeded in synthesizing the vitamin , making it the first to be artificially produced .
The original Super Smash Bros. , released in 1999 on the Nintendo 64 , had a small budget and was originally a Japan-only release , but its domestic success led to a worldwide release .
The cost of a Travelcard is determined by the area it covers and , for this purpose , London is divided into a number of fare zones .
Home Political , K. W. , A , June 20 , 1920 , Nos 126-194 , National Archives of India , New Delhi .
They married on 25 August 1903 in the Church of the Advent in Boston .
Methodological Naturalism and Philosophical Naturalism : Clarifying the Connection (/O2000/O) , Barbara Forrest , Retrieved 2007-05-20 .
The airport owes its prosperity to its location on the Great Circle Route , or major air corridor , between Europe and the East Coast of the United States .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in the southern highlands of Peru .
Jurassic Park is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Michael Crichton .
Nelson Piquet Souto Maior ( , born August 17 , 1952 ) , known as Nelson Piquet , is a Brazilian former racing driver . He was Formula One world champion in , and .
The Kabul Markhor or Straight-horned Markhor ( Capra falconeri megaceros ) is an endangered goat-antelope native to Afghanistan and Pakistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
Althusser was a lifelong member and sometimes strong critic of the French Communist Party .
In part due to the poem , there is a widespread myth that ( all ) sailors believe it disastrous to shoot or harm an albatross ; in truth , sailors regularly killed and ate them , e.g. , as reported by James Cook in 1772 .
Now she is singing not only for her mother , but also for people who listen to her songs , wishing for world peace .
The UN sanctions placed upon Iraq when it invaded Kuwait were not lifted , blocking Iraqi oil exports .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world , drawing hundreds of book sellers from around the world and about 2 million visitors each year .
Cassatt often created images of the social and private lives of women , with particular emphasis on the intimate bonds between mothers and children .
Gene regulation may also serve as a substrate for evolutionary change , since control of the timing , location , and amount of gene expression can have a profound effect on the functions ( actions ) of the gene in a cell or in a multicellular organism .
The daughter of a Czech father and British mother , Vera Menchik was born in Moscow but , in the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution , moved with her family to England in 1921 .
Urbain Jean Joseph Le Verrier ( 11 March 1811 - 23 September 1877 ) was a French mathematician who specialized in celestial mechanics and is best known for his part in the discovery of Neptune .
There are two universities in the City of Manchester . The University of Manchester is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom and was created in 2004 by the merger of Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST .
Belize , formerly British Honduras , is a country in Central America .
McManners , Oxford Illustrated History of Christianity .
One strange but famous theme restaurant in Berlin , Germany is called '' Das Klo '' ( German for '' The toilet '' ) it depicts the insides of a toilet .
The character of Nancy Drew seems to be more popular in some countries than others .
Women 's brassieres provide support for their breasts , and men 's briefs serve the same function for the male genitalia ; a corset may be worn as a foundation garment to alter a woman 's body shape .
Peter Benjamin Mandelson , Baron Mandelson , PC ( born 21 October 1953 ) is a British Labor Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hartlepool from 1992 to 2004 , served in a number of Cabinet positions under both Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , and was a European Commissioner .
Opened in 1897 and founded by Augustus Graham , the Brooklyn Museum building is a steel frame structure -- built to the standards of classical masonry -- designed by the famous architectural firm of McKim , Mead , and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company .
Sibiu ( ; ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in the historical region Transylvania , with the capital city Sibiu .
Lieutenant Miller : Mos Def
Mustapha Rabah Madjer ( born December 15 , 1958 ) is a retired Algerian footballer .
It was a component of the United States Army , divided functionally by executive order in 1942 into three autonomous forces : the Army Ground Forces , the Services of Supply ( which in 1943 became the Army Service Forces ) , and the AAF .
Its older houses are very Italian in appearance , while its most prominent buildings ( Stockalper Palace , former Jesuits ' college and Ursuline convent ) all date from the 17th century , and are due to the generosity of a single member of the local Stockalper family , the baron Kaspar Jodok von Stockalper .
The reviewer for the Edinburgh Review disagreed , praising Austen for her '' exhaustless invention '' and the combination of the familiar and the surprising in her plots .
In such cases , the borough will normally have either limited powers delegated to it by the city 's local government , or no powers at all .
Saint-Charles-de-Percy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
