The courage and dignity she displayed in the aftermath of this tragedy won her international admiration .
Vowles grew up in Bath , attending Newbridge Junior School .
Alice Cooper ( born Vincent Damon Furnier ; February 4 , 1948 ) is an American rock singer , songwriter and broadcaster whose career spans more than five decades .
It was discovered in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 , making it the first natural satellite to be discovered from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft , rather than through telescopic photography .
Elano Ralph Blumer ( born 14 June 1981 ) , commonly known as Elano , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Brazilian side Santos and the Brazilian national team .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Kalliope also has a low radar albedo , which is inconsistent with a purely metallic surface .
Music in Theory and Practice , Vol 1 , p. 6 .
Pregnant women who take toxic doses of quinine will suffer from renal failure before experiencing any kind of quinine-induced abortion .
Giorgio Armani ( born 11 July 1934 ) is an Italian fashion designer , particularly noted for his menswear .
He is best known for his solo piano music and his songs .
John Lounsbery ( March 9 , 1911 - February 13 , 1976 ) started in 1935 and , working under Norm ` Fergy ' Ferguson , quickly became a star animator .
His most famous work , Concierto de Aranjuez , was composed in 1939 in Paris , and in later life he and his wife declared that it was written as a response to the miscarriage of their first child .
Weill 's working association with Brecht , although successful , came to an end over politics in 1930 .
In computer science , a lookup table is a data structure , usually an array or associative array , often used to replace a runtime computation with a simpler array indexing operation .
Matt Cameron became the band 's permanent drummer in 1986 while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990 .
As a result , in many ( if not most ) real systems , the channel capacity is not easily related to the channel bandwidth .
Hazell was born in Lewisham , grew up in Grove Park , and attended the Ravensbourne School in Bromley .
The state capital is Bismarck and the largest city is Fargo .
In April 2009 the line reopened to its first through traffic from London with occasional special services .
The Nazis regarded the SS as an elite unit , the party 's '' Praetorian Guard '' , with all SS personnel ( originally ) selected on the principles of racial purity and loyalty to the Nazi Party .
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
Its capital and largest city is Windhoek .
The Saxons built Banbury on the west bank of the River Cherwell .
More recently , the Petrosaviaceae has been included in the Petrosaviales , and placed near the lilioid orders .
Israeli Premier League
It is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe .
Overall classification (/O2006/O)
A third single , Baby Baby , was used to promote the album .
or ^ 3 ^ ' or v3v ; as well as : _________ ; ; ; O ; and \* u \* The equal sign can also be used for closed , anime looking eyes , for example : = 0 = , = 3 = , = w = , = A = , = 7 =
The peninsula is home to 248,418 people ( approximately 49 % of Newfoundland 's population in 2006 ) , and is the location of the provincial capital , St. John 's .
He became the President of the Movement for Democratic Change-Mutambara faction ( MDC ) in February 2006 .
Disco 's popularity led many non-disco artists to record disco songs at the height of its popularity . Many of these songs were not '' pure '' disco , but were instead rock or pop songs with ( sometimes inescapable ) disco influence or overtones .
There are differences between the Jewish and Christian canons , and between the canons of different Christian denominations .
Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 American romantic comedy film starring Jessica Alba and Dane Cook .
Altenburger Land is a district in Thuringia , Germany .
Six years later , the media circulated rumors that the couple were about to get married ; however , on July 13 , 2007 Hamasaki announced that they had broken up .
August 29 & ndash ; Johan van Oldenbarnevelt and Hugo Grotius are imprisoned by Maurice of Nassau , Prince of Orange .
Tongariro National Park , in particular , is one of 27 World Heritage Sites that is of both cultural and natural significance , while four of the South Island national parks form Te Wahipounamu , another World Heritage Site .
He has appeared in almost every Mario sports game since Mario Kart 64 , including the Mario Tennis , Mario Golf , Mario Baseball , Mario Strikers , and Mario & Sonic series .
Friendly is a collection of JavaScripts that provide an interface similar to Twinkle ( by using the morebits JavaScript library ) for Wikipedia 's more friendly , collaboration-oriented tasks .
On 1 April 1996 , it regained its independence and county status , when the county of Avon was abolished and Bristol became a Unitary Authority .
It provides a two - to three-page summary of the demographics , geography , communications , government , economy , and military of 266 entities including U.S.-recognized countries , dependencies , and other areas in the world .
Ryan Guno Babel ( ; born 19 December 1986 ) is a footballer who currently plays for Liverpool , he is right footed and plays as a left winger , but can also play as a striker .
Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards for her performance , beating out Mike Myers , Colin Farrell , Willem Dafoe and Daniel Day-Lewis .
Subfamily Homininae
The Somali language is spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia , Somaliland , Djibouti , Ethiopia , Yemen and Kenya , and by the Somali diaspora .
It is a primitive C-type asteroid , which means the surface has a high proportion of carbon ; giving it a dark surface that reflects only 4 % of the light that falls on it .
March 20 , 1996 : D Jaroslav Modry and Ottawa 's eighth round pick in 1996 Entry Draft traded from Ottawa to Los Angeles for RW Kevin Brown .
Notwithstanding the aforesaid , it is pertinent to note that Valmiki is also quoted to be the contemporary of Rama . Rama met Valmiki during his period of exile and had interacted with each other .
In Chinese art , Angida is sometimes portrayed as Budai , being rotund , laughing , and carrying a bag .
Alter and the Elderton Telegraph Across the Atlantic , in 1836 an American scientist , Dr. David Alter , invented the first known American electric telegraph , in Elderton , Pennsylvania , one year before the much more popular Morse telegraph was invented .
Nevertheless , because a Julian year measures duration rather than designating a date , the Julian year does not correspond to years in the Julian calendar or any other calendar .
It lies in the central part of Florina Prefecture , of which it is the capital .
The trombone is a musical instrument in the brass family .
It is open weekday mornings without charge .
From its inception in the season through to it was awarded to the first-place finisher in the West Division during the regular season .
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling Early feuds ( 2002 -- 2005 ) Parks returned to TNA as '' The Monster '' Abyss in June 2003 , debuting as a villain and attacking Erik Watts , although the feud was short lived .
He became famous very quickly and was one of the foremost marathon runners of his time .
Victor Karl Hammer ( September 9 , 1882 - October 7 , 1967 ) , was an Austrian-born American painter , sculptor , printer , and typographer .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
Rihanna embarked on a worldwide concert tour , The Good Girl Gone Bad Tour , on September 15 , 2007 , three months after the release of the album .
Survivor ( band ) , an American rock band
Brandes has written and produced for many artists , including E-Rotic , Bad Boys Blue , Chris Norman , Indiggo , Lemon Ice and Vanilla Ninja .
Robert Cade , Dana Shires , Harry James Free , and Alejandro de Quesada were the medical researchers , at the University of Florida , who created the original Gatorade thirst quencher in 1965 .
Due to the installation of a retractable roof at BC Place , the Lions will play at a temporary stadium located at Empire Field for the 2010 season .
Video game magazine Nintendo Power ranked the game as the 102nd-best game on a Nintendo console in their list of the Top 200 Games .
Lucius Aurelius Verus ( 15 December 130 - 169 ) , born as Lucius Ceionius Commodus , known simply as Lucius Verus , was Roman co-emperor with Marcus Aurelius ( 121 - 180 ) , from 161 until his death .
In linguistics , a compound is a lexeme ( less precisely , a word ) that consists of more than one stem .
The names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the respective historical regions , as they were created as purely administrative units .
In 1998 a new store was opened in Kingston , London and then in November 2000 Heal 's launched an ecommerce website www.heals.co.uk .
Christian denominations which are annihilationist were influenced by the Millerite\/Adventist movement of the mid-1800s .
He was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives as a State Representative in 1970 at the age of 22 .
Thomas Weelkes ( baptised 25 October 1576 & ndash ; 30 November 1623His will was dated 30 November , and he was buried on 1 December , which strongly suggests he died on 30 November .
Edward de Bono ( born 19 May 1933 , in Malta ) is a physician , author , inventor , and consultant .
For example , Nu and Had are thought to correspond with the Tao and Teh of Taoism , Shakti and Shiva of the Hindu Tantras , Shunyata and Bodhicitta of Buddhism , Ain Soph and Kether in the Qabalah .
The nickname , urging a comparison to the classical image of '' Venus , '' causes resistance in some modern analyses .
The area now occupied by the town was settled by Europeans in 1833 or 1834 .
This article refers to the British conductor Daniel Harding .
The action then proceeds to the left .
That position emphasizes the bonsai 's defined '' front '' , which is designed into all bonsai .
Crocodile hunting which has been banned since 1972 made a huge impact on crocodile populations .
This bus was succeeded by the Volvo B7L , Volvo B7RLE , Volvo B12B and Volvo B12BLE .
A Thursday in May or June ( 60 days after Easter Sunday ) .
Being the largest river system in the state of Sonora , the Yaqui river is used for irrigation .
Once Minamoto Yoritomo had consolidated his power , he established a new government at his family home in Kamakura .
Standard time was introduced in the 1890s when all colonies adopted it .
Jeffrey Scot Suppan ( ; born January 2 , 1975 , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) , is a Major League Baseball pitcher currently with the Kansas City Royals organization .
The wedding took place on his 60th birthday , 14 May 2003 , in a private ceremony held at the presidential residence .
'' Coffee & TV '' is a song by the British alternative rock band Blur .
Alvan Gillem and Stephen Burbridge , including the 5th and the 6th U.S. Colored Cavalry Regiments -- both of which had participated in the previous attempt to destroy the salt works during the First Battle of Saltville .
It was started in 2001 , with Brownlow as its first writer , with Olympia added to the team in October 2001 .
The city of Pompeii : an ancient Roman city preserved by the eruption of a volcano in AD 79 .
The modern sport of American Handball is similar in context and rules to both Irish and Scottish versions played from the 13th century in Scotlandhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.handball.org/info.html and 14th century in Ireland .
A private company with headquarters just north of Toronto in Woodbridge , Ontario , it is now run by elderly Sam and his son Howard .
After COBE , Smoot took part in another experiment involving a stratospheric balloon , MAXIMA , which had improved angular resolution compared to COBE , and refined the measurements of the anisotropies of the CMB .
An example of this would be an individual animal who learns to eat buds or seedlings of a food crop , destroying the normal supply of food that would later be available from mature plants .
The story of the eponymous character is taken from medieval German romance , notably the Parzival of Wolfram von Eschenbach and its sequel , Lohengrin , written by a different author , itself inspired by the epic of Garin le Loherain .
From 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the Vienna Hofoper succeeding Gustav Mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the Vienna Philharmonic until 1927 .
In 1997 he founded the label Black Hole Recordings with Arny Bink , where he released the Magik and In Search of Sunrise CD series .
Three of the officers were killed .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
It is among the earliest of the universities in the world and the second oldest in Italy .
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
Personally a rather boruing and mundane story .
If input tax is greater than output tax the company can claim back money from the Local Tax Authority .
In digital imaging , a pixel , or pel , ( picture element ) is a single point in a raster image , or the smallest addressable screen element in a display device ; it is the smallest unit of picture that can be represented or controlled .
Fislisbach is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The moon Titan orbits within the outer part of Saturn 's magnetosphere and contributes plasma from the ionized particles in Titan 's outer atmosphere .
Burrendong Dam is a large dam ( capacity 1,190,000 Megalitres ) near Wellington which impounds the waters of the Macquarie River and its tributaries the Cudgegong River and the Turon River for flood control and irrigation .
When he was in college , he learned in Buenos Aires about medicine .
It was also the 10th and last year of the 1990s .
A plurality means that a winning candidate has to win more votes than any other candidate in the race , but does not necessarily require a majority of the votes cast .
The question of disestablishment of the Church of England is still current , often tied with the position of the English monarch as '' Supreme Governor '' of the Church ( see Act of Settlement 1701 ) , but there is no popular demand for disestablishment .
'' Parallel Computing Research at Illinois : The UPCRC Agenda '' ( PDF ) .
Ireland sent around 100 MPs to the House of Commons at Westminster and 28 peers to the House of Lords , elected from among their number by the Irish peers themselves ( Catholics were not permitted peerage ) .
Salvadore Cammarano wrote the Italian language libretto loosely based upon Sir Walter Scott 's historical novel The Bride of Lammermoor . The opera premiered on 26 September 1835 at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .
When all have gone , Alcindoro arrives with the repaired shoe seeking Musetta .
Mail item larger than a letter
Pima Community College , Tucson
This affair is commemorated in the famous first sentence of Tolstoy 's War and Peace : After 1815 it became a Bourbon-Parma duchy , then part of Tuscany in 1847 and finally part of the Italian State .
In college , McNabb played football and basketball for Syracuse University .
Star Wars team , who developed the Star Wars : Battlefront series , Mercenaries team , has recently finished production on Mercenaries 2 : World in Flames , which was released on August 31st 2008 , published by EA Games .
It is an alternative term for Prime Minister or First Minister , and very similar to the title of President of the Council .
In late 2005 , Livingstone proposed large fare increases for on-the-spot tickets across the Tube and bus network to encourage regular travellers to use the automated Oyster system , to reduce queuing at Underground stations and to avoid delays in conductorless buses as drivers issue tickets .
David ( name ) , a common given name
CBE ( born 2 February 1944 ) is a British conductor .
Lightning Bar was sired by Three Bars , a Thoroughbred stallion later inducted into the AQHA Hall of Fame .
The Reformed churches are a group of Protestant denominations characterized by Calvinist doctrines .
Sanrio 's best known character is Hello Kitty , a white cat with red bow and no visible mouth , one of the most successful marketing brands in the world .
Richard Earl Locher ( born June 4 , 1929 ) , better known as Dick Locher , is a nationally syndicated cartoonist .
The proportion of the cultivated area in demesne tended to be greater in smaller manors , while the share of villein land was greater in large manors , providing the lord of the latter with a larger supply of obligatory labor for demesne work .
Shocked by the constant beating of the heart and a feeling that not only are the officers aware of the sound , but that they also suspect him , the narrator confesses to killing the old man and tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body .
This is implied even without considering between-group interactions .
Name The name '' Trent '' comes from a Celtic word possibly meaning '' strongly flooding '' .
Being situated so close to the equator and the warm Indian ocean , the city experiences generally tropical climatic conditions , typified by hot and humid weather throughout much of the year .
Menominee gets its name from a regional Native American tribe known as the Menominee , which roughly translates into '' Wild Rice '' . The area was originally the home of the Menominee Indian Tribe .
Her husband A.J. Donelson served as President Jackson 's private secretary .
Competing with Zuko for the Avatar is Admiral Zhao , who leads a Fire Nation assault on the Northern Water Tribe .
When Aeschylus first began writing , the theatre had only just begun to evolve , although earlier playwrights like Thespis had expanded the cast to include an actor who was able to interact with the chorus .
The Shyok flowing in a wide valley suddenly enters a narrow gorge after Chalunka and then joins the Indus at Keris ( Pakistan ) .
Bloemfontein ( , Dutch for '' spring of Bloem ( bloom ) '' , '' flower spring '' or '' fountain of flowers '' ) is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa .
Both charts are produced and published by the Ultratop organization .
Victoria ( sometimes called Port Victoria ) is the capital city of the Republic of Seychelles ( smallest African capital ) and is situated on the north-eastern side of Mahé island , which the main island of the archipelago .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Following her success , Chase was then signed by an agent who specialised in commercials and at the age of 7 , she appeared in a Campbells Soup advertisement .
On April 24 , at a house show in Paris , France , Melina lost the Women 's Championship in a Triple Threat match to James when James pinned Victoria , but on the orders of Jonathan Coachman she was entitled to a rematch on the same night , where she pinned James by putting her hands on the ropes to regain the title and become a two-time WWE Women 's Champion .
It is written in English , and is aimed primarily at North Americans .
Most aftershocks are located over the full area of fault rupture and either occur along the fault plane itself or along other faults within the volume affected by the strain associated with the main shock .
The House Church or Simple Church movement is a worldwide shift of Christian expression in small groups rather than in formal institutionalized buildings .
Stevenson 's research was the subject of Tom Shroder 's Old Souls : The Scientific Evidence for Past Lives (/O1999/O) and Jim B. Tucker 's Life Before Life : A Scientific Investigation of Children 's Memories of Previous Lives (/O2005/O) .
Ismael rapidly weakened over land , and dissipated on September 16 over northwestern Mexico .
Shortly after the United States Grand Prix , Peter Sauber announced that Credit Suisse had sold BMW their majority share in his Sauber team , which announced its intention to run as BMW 's factory team in 2006 .
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .
Additionally , a third new character , Blaineley , was brought on to compete past the halfway point of the season .
On 16 July 2007 , the district parliament decided to change the name again to Burgenlandkreis coming into effect on the 1 August 2007 .
The last time the Brooklyn franchise won a World Championship was in 1900 .
The French Community ( ) was the political entity that replaced the French Union , in 1958 .
Mixing yellow and cyan produces green colors ; mixing yellow with magenta produces reds , and mixing magenta with cyan produces blues .
Valennes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Thus , there is an extremely broad spectrum of opinion on the universality and method of attainment of Buddhahood which is correlated to which of Shakyamuni Buddha 's teachings that a school of Buddhism follows .
Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that deals with crimes , their detection , criminals and their motives .
Robert Ludlum ( May 25 , 1927 -- March 12 , 2001 ) was an American author of 25 thriller novels .
It is the world 's tallest roller coaster , and was the world 's fastest until Formula Rossa opened in November 2010 .
It ranges in color from grass green to blackish-green .
Period = from :0 till :35000
After the fighting began with the Confederate attack on Fort Sumter on April 12 , 1861 , and President Abraham Lincoln 's subsequent call for 75,000 troops to recapture lost federal properties in the South , Arkansas , Tennessee , North Carolina , and Virginia also declared their secession and joined the CSA .
Cadmium iodide , CdI2 , is a chemical compound of cadmium and iodine .
Over 100 of its supermarkets are located in Iowa , with additional stores in Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , South Dakota and now Madison , Wisconsin .
Filppula won his first Stanley Cup when Red Wings defeated Pittsburgh Penguins 4-2 in the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals .
The open upper deck had back-to-back '' knifeboard '' seats , necessary to fit under Bargate arch .
Marcel Desailly ( ; born Odenke Abbey 7 September 1968 in Accra , Ghana ) is a retired French footballer and star of the France national football team squad , with whom he won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 .
Exiting the canyon , the river runs through northern Utah County and empties into Utah Lake on the north shore .
Other , related , philosophical opinions about the existence of deity are ignosticism and skepticism .
Porcupines occupy a short range of habitats in tropical and temperate parts of Asia , Southern Europe , Africa , and North and South America .
A deus ex machina ( or , Random House Dictionary ) ( Latin for '' god out of the machine '' ; plural : dei ex machina ) is a plot device whereby a seemingly inextricable problem is suddenly and abruptly solved with the contrived and unexpected intervention of some new character , ability , or object .
The city has the largest population and also the largest economy in Southern Brazil .
The King of Prussia is declared the first German Emperor as Wilhelm I of Germany .
He was the son of noted screenwriter and actor Roland Pertwee and cousin of actor Bill Pertwee who played Chief Warden Hodges in the comedy Dad 's Army ( coincidentally , Jon Pertwee was the writers ' first choice for the role of Captain George Mainwaring in Dad 's Army ) .
There is an overlapping neighboring region , called the North Central India Cultural Zone , including the states of Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Rajasthan , Haryana , Bihar , Jharkhand , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand and Delhi , that is also defined by the Indian Government . The states of Bihar and Jharkhand are also included in the East India Cultural Zone .
The Ripley area has been industrialised since the late 18th century .
Lengnau is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Her favorite food is sushi .
Independence After four years of negotiating , the Union of South Africa was created from the Cape and Natal colonies , as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal , on 31 May 1910 , exactly eight years after the end of the Second Boer War .
Firefly is an American space western television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon , under his Mutant Enemy Productions label .
Biganos is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach , California , in the USA ; the Melbourne Aquarium in Melbourne , Victoria , in Australia ; and the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga , Tennessee , in the USATennessee Aquarium Website , are the only facilities in the world to have successfully bred Weedy Seadragons in captivity , though others occasionally report egg laying .
Marshall is well-known for proving that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori is the cause of most peptic ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
In the 1990s an importer , BBH Spirits , realized that there was no UK law prohibiting the sale of absinthe , as it had never been banned there .
However , Jejudo generally refers to the island , while Jeju-do refers to the government administrative unit .
For Adam Baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of Jayne Cobb was particularly resonant .
Pennsylvania F1 Middle Creek Adams 0420 3 miles ( 5 km ) Structural damage was reported to a few homes , along with several barns being destroyed .
The crust of the Earth is composed of a great variety of igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary rocks .
The Scottish Government has ruled that the Saltire should , where possible , fly on all its buildings every day from 8am until sunset .
Candy Lo is a Canto-rock singer-songwriter and actress from Hong Kong .
The only named storm to make landfall this year was Hurricane Rosa , which killed several people in Mexico .
Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne .
Members of the Third through Fifth degrees constitute the Priesthood and may be addressed as '' Reverend . ''
On the other hand , low-grade gliomas grow slowly , often over many years , and can be followed without treatment unless they grow and cause symptoms .
The Renault Scénic ( launched 1996 ) is the first modern compact MPV to be built in Europe , and is based on the Mégane floorpan .
The local language is Hindko while Urdu is also understood and spoken .
April 7 , 1995 : D Greg Brown traded from Pittsburgh to Winnipeg for a conditional eighth round draft pick in 1996 Entry Draft .
On April 2 , 2008 Stefan Elmgren announced his decision to leave HammerFall in order to pursue a career as a commercial pilot .
A competition involving multiple matches , each involving a subset of the competitors , with the overall tournament winner determined based on the combined results of these individual matches .
Ginga : Nagareboshi Gin was adapted as a 21-episode anime television series by Toei Animation .
Some may have grown larger ; undescribed specimens of Utahraptor in BYU collections belonged to individuals that may have reached up to 11 m long , though these await more detailed study .
In Europe , the game evolved into its current form in the 15th century .
Boleslaus II of Bohemia massacres the Slavnik 's dynasty at Libice .
Siege of Limoges was launched .
The stadium is all-seater with a capacity of 13,742 .
Interview by PC World Australia , 10 October 2007 Both Pidgin and libpurple are free software , released under the terms of the GNU General Public License .
of intersecting streets , with wide thoroughfares that divide the town plan into insulae , or blocks , through which a narrow lane often runs , and a central market square surrounded by arcades ( couverts ) through which the axes of thoroughfares pass , with a covered weighing and measuring area .
Although there are many other acropoleis in Greece , the significance of the Acropolis of Athens is such that it is commonly known as The Acropolis without qualification .
The area is very rich in archaeological remains due to its strategic location .
He started his career as an attacking midfielder , and scored nearly 100 overall goals for the club , helping it two consecutive German cup wins , while often playing upfront with sibling Thomas .
In terms of storyline , Ric Flair had become fifty percent owner of the WWE following Survivor Series 2001 after Shane and Stephanie McMahon had sold their stocks to him in order to purchase WCW and Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , respectively .
Another notable event includes the one in the Brentham Garden Suburb , England which hosts it annually .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard , et al. .
Although the Metropolitan Police moved away from Scotland Yard in 1890 , the name New Scotland Yard was adopted for the new headquarters .
Lancashire County Council - Map of Lancashire ( Unitary boundaries shown ) The ceremonial county , the area including the unitary authorities , borders Cumbria , North Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , Greater Manchester and Merseyside , and forms part of the North West England region .
Chitons have a relatively good fossil record , stretching back to the Devonian .
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
His character is also selfish , and his family is rich .
The Great Seal was first used publicly in 1782 .
Branching ( software ) in software development
There was also a bonus DVD with a book-shaped cover representing a fairy-tale story , with drawings on the inner pages .
A Bug 's Life was the second Disney Pixar feature film and the third American computer-animated film after Toy Story and Antz .
Rashad Anton Evans ( born September 25 , 1979 ) is an American mixed martial artist from Niagara Falls , New York , currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship where he is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion .
Onu esas kelke sola sur la dezerto ... - Inter la personi onu anke esas sola - dicis la serpento .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars ( 1978 ) and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple ( 1994 ) .
Born in Calvert County , Maryland , on September 21 , 1788 , the daughter of Walter Smith , a prosperous Maryland planter and veteran officer of the American Revolution , and Ann Mackall-Smith , '' Peggy '' was raised amid refinement and wealth .
The rebellion is squashed and the Muzaffarid nobility are executed , ending the Muzaffarid Dynasty in Persia .
The New York Americans ( colloquially known as the Amerks ) were a professional ice hockey team based in New York , New York , the third expansion team in the history of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and the second to play in the United States .
It has been proposed that having the United Nations manage a Tobin tax would solve this problem and would give the UN a large source of funding independent from donations by participating states .
A closed string looks like a small loop , so its worldsheet will look like a pipe or , more generally , a Riemann surface ( a two-dimensional oriented manifold ) with no boundaries ( i.e. no edge ) .
This , in turn , decreases risk of burns and myocardial damage .
But , these are not the only types of pen still in existance . Historically , reed pens , quill pens , and dip pens were used .
On July 7 , 2010 , Kleiza terminated his contract with Olympiacos . He was signed by the Toronto Raptors to a four-year , $ 20 million dollar gross income offer sheet .
Cycloalkanes ( also called naphthenes - not to be confused with naphthalene ) are types of alkanes which have one or more rings of carbon atoms in the chemical structure of their molecules .
External links Windows 2000 official product page Windows 2000 Professional feature list Windows 2000 Server information at Technet Windows 2000 Transitions to Extended Support .
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra ( TSO ) is a Canadian orchestra based in Toronto , Ontario .
Pashto belongs to the Eastern IranianNicholas Sims-Williams , '' Eastern Iranian Languages '' , Encyclopaedia Iranica Online , available at www.iranica.com , Link branch of the Indo-Iranian language family .
It debuted on June 13 , 2006 .
The gearbox provided three forward and reverse gears in either high or low range , with top speed ranging from 5 mph ( 8 km\/h ) in 1st gear , low range up to 36 mph ( 58 km\/h ) .
Braux is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The game 's main antagonist , a traitorous former Rainbow operative revealed as a mole in Rainbow Six : Vegas .
The party is also an observer in the European Anticapitalist Left .
Jin began to educate himself in Chinese literature and high school curriculum at sixteen .
The low-lying county contained the wealthy and politically independent City of London on its southern boundary and was dominated by it from a very early time .
In the Nibelungenlied , Siegfried 's sword is called Balmung ; in Richard Wagner 's Ring Cycle , it is called Nothung .
Keisi is known as an excellent header and as a winner who scores crucial goals when needed ( such as the equalizer to Hapoel Tel Aviv on 2001 or the goal vs Sturm Graz which secure Haifa 's appearance in the group stage of the champions league ) .
April 5 , 1995 : Montreal Canadiens obtain Pierre Turgeon and Vladimir Malakhov from the New York Islanders for Kirk Muller , Mathieu Schneider and Craig Darby .
The literacy rate is over 90 % for men and about 59 % for women .
Compared to hard drives , flash drives use little power , have no fragile moving parts , and for low capacities are small and light .
Bouvet Island is the most remote island in the world .
The Beringian land bridge is believed to have existed both in the glaciation that occurred before 35,000 Before Present ( BP ) and during the more recent period 22,000-7 ,000 years BP .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise conceived by George Lucas .
Transmission coefficient ( quantum mechanics ) ( dimensionless ) - Represents the probability flux of a transmitted wave relative to that of an incident wave .
from :01 \/O/ 09\/1980 till :08 \/O/ 09\/1980 color : C1 text : '' Georges ''
Damage across the country totaled $ 2.2 billion ( 2006 MXN ) , or $ 206 million ( 2006 USD , or $ 218 million in 2010 USD ) .
He attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic .
Duck Hunt is a video game for the Nintendo Famicom\/Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) game console system in which players use the NES Zapper to shoot ducks ( or Mallard drakes to be exact ) on screen for points .
'' Senna 's S '' connects with '' Curva do Sol '' ( '' Sun Turn '' ) ( 3 ) , a round-shaped large-radius left-turn that leads to '' Reta Oposta '' ( '' Opposite Straight '' , a reference to the disused longer back straight of the pre-1990 circuit , to which it runs parallel ) , the track 's longest ( but not the fastest ) straight .
Mac OS X is the newest of Apple Inc. 's Mac OS line of operating systems .
Before the advent of photography , engraving was used to reproduce other forms of art , for example paintings .
Construction was continued to Vasari 's design by Alfonso Parigi and Bernardo Buontalenti and ended in 1581 .
It is located between mainland China and the Korean Peninsula .
The first crewed Orion flight is anticipated in 2016 .
Finding the cowry shells so far inland could indicate the previous use of them by an earlier tribe or group in the area , who may have obtained them through an extensive trade network in the ancient past .
After 1815 , the young prince , now known as '' Franz '' ( after his maternal grandfather , Emperor Francis of Austria ) , lived in Austria .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
Two days later , singer Bobby Darin , in Miami for a concert later that day , walked into Pumpernick 's as a result of coming across King 's show on his radio ; Darin became King 's first celebrity interview guest .
The VEX Robotics Design System is a robotic kit intended to introduce students as well as adults to the world of robotics .
Masturbation refers to sexual stimulation of a person 's genitals , usually to the point of orgasm .
Some emergency ( fire trucks , ambulances , etc. ) and municipal ( buses , garbage trucks , etc. ) vehicles are also allowed to use combustion engines .
Hollywood is a district in Los Angeles , California , United States , situated west-northwest of Downtown Los Angeles .
Regarded as the best and most selective university in Thailand , it consistently attracts top students from around the country .
And he received a master degree from the University of Pittsburgh , and his PhD from the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 25 .
Mingoval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Truth ( satya ) implies love , and firmness ( agraha ) engenders and therefore serves as a synonym for force .
Pontiac was an automobile brand that was established in 1926 as a companion make for General Motors ' Oakland .
The term now more frequently applies to unspiced red Bordeaux wine .
He multiplied the French interventions abroad , especially in Crimea , in Mexico and Italy but was unseated following defeat in the Franco-Prussian war of 1870 and his regime was replaced by the Third Republic .
The Chicago Fire is an American professional soccer club based in the Chicago suburb of Bridgeview , Illinois . The team competes in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , the top soccer league in the United States and Canada .
Nearly 57 million people depend on the Yamuna waters .
The Roosevelt Corollary to the Monroe Doctrine was a substantial alteration ( called an '' amendment '' ) of the Monroe Doctrine by U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt in 1904 . In its altered state , the Monroe Doctrine would now consider Latin America as an agency for expanding U.S. commercial interests in the region , along with its original stated purpose of keeping European hegemony from the hemisphere .
It is located to the southeast of Manchester city centre .
'' Goodbye '' was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in Bosnian ( despite the English of the title ) by Alma ard i .
The isolation from the Tasmanian mainland , where DFTD is running unchecked and has killed more than half of all devils , is ideal for maintaining a healthy wild Tasmanian Devil population in a project that involves the local Tasmanian Devil Conservation Park at Taranna and government and university scientists .
The NHC predicted that would dissipate , but the weakening trend stopped on July 25 with Franklin a minimal tropical storm .
Monarchs may be autocrats ( absolute monarchy ) or may be ceremonial heads of state who exercise little or no power or only reserve power , with actual authority vested in a parliament or other body ( constitutional monarchy ) .
Michelangelo Antonioni , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRIHonour at Quirinale website ( 29 September 1912 30 July 2007 ) was an Italian modernist film director .
The following Bible verses are cited as proof of the Bible teaching that Jesus is God :
It lies roughly 15 km southeast of Aue , and 35 km southwest of Chemnitz .
Kyneton ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
The 2nd millennium was a period of time that commenced on January 1 , 1001 , and ended on December 31 , 2000 .
BBC News ' '' On this day '' He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time magazine (/O1999/O) .
The wave line below stands for the rivers in the district , especially the Lippe River .
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were being gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made it largely obsolete and most suppliers left the business .
The average lifespan of a mink is 8 years in captivity , with the maximum usually around 10 years .
Central Europe is the region lying between the variously defined areas of Eastern and Western Europe .
Control of the aircraft is normally shared equally between the first officer and the captain , with one pilot normally designated the '' Pilot Flying '' ( PF ) and the other the '' Pilot Not Flying '' ( PNF ) , or '' Pilot Monitoring '' ( PM ) , for each flight .
Prince of Orange is a title of nobility , originally associated with the Principality of Orange , in what is now southern France .
Etymology The word manure came from Middle English manuren meaning '' to cultivate land '' , itself from French main-oeuvre , '' hand work '' , referring to the work of cultivation .
Each series lasts for around three months , and there are usually fewer than 15 participants .
The botanical definition of a berry is a simple fruit produced from a single ovary , such as a grape or a tomato .
Auberville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The liquor also may be processed into two components : cocoa solids and cocoa butter .
In 1981 , she was offered the role again to ease the transition between the Fourth and Fifth Doctors , which she declined , but agreed to star in the pilot ( and only episode ) for the spin-off series K-9 and Company , which brought her together with K-9 , another popular character .
Ethnic Groups The Abbasies are 50 % of its total population .
The original series , Scooby-Doo , Where Are You !
is a Japanese video game designer and video game director .
is a satirical American cartoon series owned by Underdog Productions and Fuzzy Door Productions and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television .
Under a dictatorship , the government is ruled by an individual who has full power over the country .
( This city 's name may be the source of the word '' Maya '' , which had a more geographically restricted meaning in Yucatec and colonial Spanish and only grew to its current meaning in the 19th and 20th centuries ) .
The term may also refer to any data collected during this activity .
In August 2003 , Chevrolet announced to the public its '' Gen IV '' motor , a rebadged Cosworth motor for competition .
When the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland united to form the Kingdom of Great Britain under the Act of Union 1707 the offices of the Chancellor of England and the Lord Chancellor of Scotland were combined to form a single office of Lord Chancellor for the new state .
The Province of Trieste ( , ) is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
In August 2009 , Ivory was dismissed from the Washington State team for violating team rules .
Pierre de Fermat makes a notation , in a document margin , claiming to have proof of what would become known as Fermat 's last theorem .
Her elder brother emigrated to San Diego , California , becoming a United States citizen .
The Dragunov sniper rifle ( formally , Snayperskaya Vintovka Dragunova ( SVD ) , literally '' Dragunov 's sniper rifle '' ) is a semi-automatic sniper rifle\/designated marksman rifle chambered in 7.62 x54mmR and developed in the Soviet Union .
Emergency medical services are provided through local ambulance services , known in England and Wales as trusts .
This form vaguely resembles a Xenomorph from the Alien film series , particularly in skull structure .
Soon he would begin his own architectural practice with his cousin , Pierre Jeanneret ( 1896-1967 ) , a partnership that would last until 1940 .
Nellie McKay ( born Nell Marie McKay on 13 April 1982There was some debate on McKay 's birth year .
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
He has also conducted many of the world 's greatest orchestras , including the Berlin Philharmonic , the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra , the Boston Symphony Orchestra , the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , the Cleveland Orchestra , the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra , and the London Symphony Orchestra .
The Yokohama Line ( to Higashi-Kanagawa ) and Hachik Line ( to Komagawa ) terminate here .
Evidence of Neanderthal occupation of Britain is limited and by 30,000 BC the first signs of modern human ( Homo sapiens ) activity , the Aurignacian industry , are known .
ICEX Spanish Companies Info It is registered in Spain and Delaware .
On December 12 , Stoneman 's force flanked and forced back Confederate Brig . Gen. Basil W. Duke 's cavalry at Rogersville , Tennessee .
Davies , p. 192 The main steps were embedded with electrical circuits to keep them dry in June 1985 .
Paula Julie Abdul ( , born June 19 , 1962 ) Paula Abdul - LoveToKnow Celebrity is an American pop singer , record producer , dancer , choreographer , actress and television personality .
Her spiral sequence and all three spins were graded a level four .
There were 21,980 households out of which 32.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.20 % were married couples living together , 9.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.80 % were non-families .
Rain ( Bi/Jeong Ji-hoon ) as Taejo Togokahn , a rookie racer .
Certain squid and small crustaceans use bioluminescent chemical mixtures or bioluminescent bacterial slurries in the same way as many squid use ink .
Many have come to Grass ' defense based upon the fact the involuntary Waffen-SS membership was very early in Grass ' life , starting when he was drafted shortly after his seventeenth birthday , and also precisely because he has always been publicly critical of Germany 's Nazi past , unlike many of his conservative critics .
The discography of American recording artist Ciara consists of three studio albums , one extended play , one DVD , and twenty singles , including seven as a featured artist .
Eyes Open is the fourth album by alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
He filmed and has an incredible archive about well known Armenians , including the only film footage on Hovhannes Shiraz , incredible footage on Charles Aznavour visiting Armenia after the 1988 earthquake , the funeral of William Saroyan ( 1908 - 1981 ) .
Thermometers are another application of thermal expansion - most contain a liquid ( usually mercury or alcohol ) which is constrained to flow in only one direction ( along the tube ) due to changes in volume brought about by changes in temperature .
It is also found in the ear , the larynx and between the ribs and the sternum .
His life is drastically changed by the sudden appearance of a Soul Reaper - one who governs the flow of souls between the human world and the afterlife- named Rukia Kuchiki , who arrives in search of a Hollow , a dangerous lost soul . When Rukia is severely wounded defending Ichigo from the Hollow , she attempts to transfer half of her reiatsu energy to Ichigo so that he can defeat the Hollow .
The total area is 13.62 km , giving a population density of 1,470 inhabitants per km .
La Chapelle-du-Bois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
He has three grandchildren , Jennifer , Gabriel and Matthew Swaggart , and three great-grandchildren , Samantha , Abby and Ryder Swaggart .
The depression then relocated onshore and rapidly dissipated the next morning .
They amassed a comparatively astronomical total of 7 points following the debacle of the 2005 United States Grand Prix , in which they finished fifth and sixth ( of six runners ) respectively .
Nearly killed in a car accident , Jaime is saved by a cutting-edge operation -- performed by her boyfriend , Will Anthros -- that leaves her with advanced bionic prosthetics and implants .
According to Detroit socialist writer Naomi Spencer , they serve also as '' a last resort for homeless people to find respite from the cold , especially those with drug addictions , mental illness , or criminal backgrounds , who may not meet requirements imposed by some homeless shelters or religious charity operations . ''
Giancarlo Antognoni , ( April 1 , 1954 in Marsciano ) is a former football player from Italy .
The Professor talks with Peter and Susan ; he does not understand why they do not believe Lucy 's story and gives them three possible explanations of Lucy 's behavior - madness , dishonesty and sincerity - the others know she is neither mad nor dishonest , so she must be telling the truth .
Thunbergia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae , native to tropical regions of Africa , Madagascar and southern Asia .
The Boeing B-29 Superfortress was a four-engine propeller-driven heavy bomber that was flown primarily by the United States in World War II and the Korean War .
When childhood friend and bandmate Hillel Slovak died of a heroin overdose on June 25 , 1988 , Irons left the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
The city is found in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area in the U.S. State of California .
In those jurisdictions in which the right to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing scheme can be waived , the Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect such royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License ; and , Voluntary License Schemes .
Obituary Los Angeles Times , 23 January 2010 .
She met George Herbert Walker Bush , a student at Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts at age 16 during a dance over Christmas vacation .
Fnord is the typographic representation of disinformation or irrelevant information intending to misdirect , with the implication of a worldwide conspiracy .
Arhansus ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It is still debated whether Hazaragi should be considered a separate language ( Ethnologue considers it so ) or a dialect of Persian ( Farsi ) .
The DVD includes a live concert in the band 's hometown , Chicago .
Nouakchott ( Arabic : or ( believed translation from Berber '' The place of the winds '' , Naw k ) ) is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
Denier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais département in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Modern Angeln , also known as Anglia ( German and English : Angeln , Danish : Angel , Latin : Anglia ) , is a peninsula in Southern Schleswig in the northern Schleswig-Holstein , Germany , protruding into the Bay of Kiel .
I wanted it to sound as though I 'd been performing it on stage all week . ''
Museum of Dominican Man
Ishman Bracey ( January 9 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi , considered one of the most important early delta blues performers .
In the Chesapeake Bay region , blue crab is often eaten with Old Bay Seasoning .
It is located in northern Cook County ; the summit is inside the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Superior National Forest in the Misquah Hills , northwest of the community of Grand Marais .
However , the tickets were expensive at US$ 2.00 each and it was some time before they got their concert hall .
Adinfer is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The club have , in the past , stated that they have plans to increase the capacity of the stadium should the club win promotion back to the Premier League , with the increase in funds that entails financing the expansion .
Frank Jack Fletcher ( April 29 , 1885 & ndash ; April 25 , 1973 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy during World War II .
Pablo Javier Zabaleta Girod ( born 16 January 1985 ) is an Argentine footballer , currently playing for Manchester City in the English Premier League .
As the Welsh teams were playing in the Welsh League and the Northern Rugby League , and both leagues were separate tournaments , each team would over the course of the season face each four times , twice in the Welsh League and twice in the Northern Rugby League .
Altogether , there are about 90 islets and reefs , volcanic rocks formed in the Cenozoic era , more specifically 4.6 to 2.0 million years ago .
The revamped version of the album was released in most countries on June 17 , Def Jam Recordings : Def Jam News Def Jam Recordings : Def Jam News ) Rihanna official website @ defjam.com - News but the album version was released on June 2 , 2008 , in the UK ( with the DVD version following on June 16 ) and on June 21 in Australia .
The center of Corvus is home to a planetary nebula NGC 4361 .
The Record of the Year is one of the four most prestigious Grammy Awards presented annually .
He observed that light seen through a turbid medium appears yellow , and darkness seen through an illuminated medium appears blue .
The Coptic Catholic Church is an Alexandrian Rite sui juris particular Church with the full communion with the Pope .
Oliver Cromwell and the Parliamentarians defeated the Royalist , predominantly Scottish , forces of King Charles II .
The widely distributed daily newspapers Frankfurter Rundschau and Offenbach-Post contain in their editions for the Offenbach district a Rodgau local section .
Urville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Vaishali or Vesali ( Pali ) was the capital city of the Licchavi , one of world 's first democratic republics , in the Vajjian Confederacy ( Vrijji ) mahajanapada , around the 6th century BC .
She produced the first genetic map for maize , linking regions of the chromosome with physical traits , and demonstrated the role of the telomere and centromere , regions of the chromosome that are important in the conservation of genetic information .
In 1901 The Marton loop was opened , connecting Talbot Square and Central Station along Church Street , Devonshire Square , Whitegate Drive , Waterloo Road and Central Drive .
The American Robin is a known reservoir ( carrier ) for West Nile virus .
Luigi Apolloni ( born 2 May 1967 in Frascati ) is an Italian retired football player , and currently head coach of Serie B club Grosseto .
The atlas is the topmost vertebra , and -- along with the Axis -- forms the joint connecting the skull and spine .
It is located in the Sheffield suburb of Owlerton , but takes its name from the parliamentary constituency in which it lies .
Inamura-yama in Tosa-cho is the highest peak in Kochi prefecture with an altitude of 1506 meters above sea level .
It was released in 2004 and debuted at number one in the UK albums chart , breaking the world record for the youngest ever band with a # 1 album , a record previously held by The Beatles .
Saint-Aubin-d'Arquenay is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Colin Healy ( born 14 March 1980 in Cork ) is an international footballer for the Republic of Ireland , currently playing with Football League Championship side Ipswich Town .
Chiapas ( ) is the southernmost state of Mexico , located towards the southeast of the country .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
Howard Hayes Scullard , (/O2003/O) , A History of the Roman World , 753 to 146 BC , page 393 .
Aleukemia can occur in any of the four major types of leukemia , and is particularly common in hairy cell leukemia .
The river re-enters North Yorkshire near Knottingley and in its lower reaches forms part of the boundary between North Yorkshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire .
He had a long career as a teacher , conductor and composer , moving among musical posts in Germany : Mannheim ( 1862-1864 ) , Koblenz ( 1865-1867 ) , Sondershausen , ( 1867-1870 ) Berlin ( 1870-1872 ) , and Bonn , where he spent 1873-78 working privately .
Royaucourt-et-Chailvet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
His cause of death is unknown , though he had suffered from poor health immediately before his death .
The Online Guide to Traditional Games The name derives from the verb to draw or to move .
San Diego Comic-Con International , also known as Comic-Con International : San Diego ( as given on its website ) , and commonly known as Comic-Con or the San Diego Comic-Con , was founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention and later the San Diego Comic Book Convention in 1970 by Shel Dorf and a group of San Diegans .
Of those , ethanol ( C2H5OH ) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages , and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol .
EarthEcho is based in Washington , D.C. .
His second spaceflight was as the command module pilot for Apollo 11 .
Art Clokey , article at KQED When Clokey showed Gumbasia to movie producer Sam Engel in 1955 , Engle decided to fund a 15-minute short film that became the first Gumby episode -- Gumby Goes to the Moon .
Braun 's series again rose to the top of best seller lists .
This will be the first of 57 consecutive nights of bombing .
The final immunity challenge required players to stand on buoys for as long as possible ; Katie dropped out early , but both Tom and Ian remained for nearly 12 hours .
Nuts are an important source of nutrients for both humans and wildlife .
In A.D. 443 it was taken by Burgundy , and with the latter fell to the Franks in 534 .
In a 1980 interview , Lennon acknowledged that the Maharishi was the inspiration for the song : '' I just called him ` Sexy Sadie ' . ''
The 1964 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event held in Tokyo , Japan in 1964 .
Non-combatant members of the Order managed a large economic infrastructure throughout Christendom , innovating financial techniques that were an early form of banking , and building many fortifications across Europe and the Holy Land .
The band eventually appeared live , and became one of the most popular acts in the area .
Alongside the nearby Romanesque cathedrals of Speyer and Mainz , it is one of the so-called Kaiserdome ( Imperial Cathedrals ) .
By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscanini in 1936 .
Xfce ( pronounced as four individual letters ) is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms , such as Linux , Solaris and BSD .
Ertl was born in Stuttgart , Germany where he would later study physics from 1955 to 1957 at the Technical University of Stuttgart and then at the University of Paris ( 1957 -- 1958 ) and Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich ( 1958 -- 1959 ) .
A sewing machine is a textile machine used to stitch fabric , cards and other material together with thread .
The whole beach area of Clifton and Seaview is considered safe and peacful even in times of political tensions .
His play Remember Ronald Ryan won him the 1995 Victorian Premier 's Literary Award .
Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to make grants to States '' on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit '' .
Snug , the joiner who plays the lion .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
Harry first appears in Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone ( published in the United States as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ) as the novel 's main protagonist .
Caid was especially popular in rural areas , such as the Dingle Peninsula of KerryThesis -- '' Traditional game of Caid '' , Father W. Ferris of Glenflesk , Killarney , Ireland and Eigeen in west Cork .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 1,208 people , 485 households , and 353 families residing in the town .
It was the YMCA that had a major role in spreading basketball throughout the United States and Canada , and then throughout the world .
For example , Stone Cold Steve Austin was eliminated during the 1997 event , but he re-entered without the referees ' knowledge and eventually won the match .
Cristot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Saint-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Though modest in size ( population 130 105 ) the community is home to three universities : Aletheia University , Tamkang University , and St. John 's University .
, Bohn 's New Handbook of Games , Henry F. Anners (/O1850/O) During the American Civil War , many additions were made including stud poker ( the five-card variant ) , and the straight .
During the American Revolutionary War they were invaluable to those defending the fort , because their spongy wood absorbed or deflected the British cannonballs .
Blay ( ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Fatines is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Typically daemons have names that end with the letter '' d '' : for example , syslogd , the daemon that handles the system log , or sshd , which handles incoming SSH connections .
Fossil fuels are non-renewable resources because they take millions of years to form , and reserves are being depleted much faster than new ones are being made .
Wellingborough
ICONS - a portrait of England .
Shota Kimura is a Japanese football player who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga F.C. .
It was released on June 29 , 2010 in North America .
Body ( metaphysics ) , some sort of inert physical matter subject to the whims of volition and in kind to physical law
In computer science , a thread of execution results from a fork of a computer program into two or more concurrently running tasks .
Our sibling project Wiktionary has the goal of creating a dictionary .
La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Verifiability is one of Wikipedia 's core content policies , along with No original research and Neutral point of view .
Liu was born in Changchun , Jilin , in 1955 to an intellectual family .
His main interest was the chemistry of plants and animals , and he later conducted important research regarding the chemical structure of the common animal substance chitin , for which he received his doctorate , with distinction , in 1930 .
A famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century .
The band released their debut album , All Killer No Filler in 2001 .
Lope de Rueda , Spanish dramatist and author ( d. 1565 )
Biography Berezovsky studied at the Moscow Conservatory with Eliso Virsaladze and privately with Alexander Satz .
The 2008 Major League Soccer season was the 13th season in league history .
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .
Lehigh is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
The group consists of sisters Melissa Marie Green and Allison Green , and formerly Dani Artaud who left in 2010 .
Historically penal colonies have often been used for penal labor in an economically underdeveloped part of a state 's ( usually colonial ) territories , and on a far larger scale than a prison farm .
During development , metatherians produce a yolk sac placenta and give birth to '' larval like '' offspring .
The NBC Symphony performed weekly radio concert broadcasts with Toscanini and other conductors and served as house orchestra for the network , beginning November 13 , 1937 and continuing until 1954 .
After the reclassification , Pluto was added to the list of minor planets and given the number 134340 .
Built in two distinct phases , with two new buildings adjacent to the main Waterhouse building , it is the most significant new development project in the museum 's history .
Geography Rostock is located nearly centrally on Mecklenburg-Vorpommern 's Baltic Sea coast .
Rose Tattoo is an Australian rock and roll band , now led by Angry Anderson , that was formed in Sydney in 1976 .
The Province of Caserta is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
Sarah Kate Silverman ( born December 1 , 1970 ) is an American comedian , writer , actress , singer and musician .
History Dhamtour is an ancient city and there used to be markets here - the remains of which still exist , prior to British rule Dhamtore used to be a main market and business centre for the surrounding areas .
Red and Blue have subsequently been remade for the Game Boy Advance as Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen , released in 2004 .
Insomnia is a symptom , not a stand-alone diagnosis or a disease .
Temperatures tend to be warmer in the southern part of the state with its proximity to the Gulf of Mexico , while the northern parts of the state , especially in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast , tend to be slightly cooler .
The soundtrack features music composed by Shel Silverstein and performed by Kris Kristofferson and Waylon Jennings , with one solo track sung by Jagger .
It is a sequel to the 1982 film Tron .
In addition to the Formula One races and the World Championship Formula Two races , numerous other Formula Two races , which did not count towards the Championship , were also held during the year .
Additionally , vomit and menstrual waste are sometimes disposed of in toilets in some societies .
Throughout his career , Shaw would take sabbaticals , quitting the music business .
History Early years The founder of Universal was Carl Laemmle , a German Jewish immigrant from Laupheim who settled in Oshkosh , Wisconsin , where he managed a clothing store .
Mercantilism is an economic theory , thought to be a form of economic nationalism , that holds that the prosperity of a nation is dependent upon its supply of capital , and that the global volume of international trade is '' unchangeable '' .
In most cases , the shires were named after their shire town ( for example Bedfordshire ) however several exceptions exist , such as Cumberland , Norfolk and Suffolk .
Windows 98 Second Edition ( often shortened to SE ) is an updated release of Windows 98 , released on 5 May 1999 .
Laruscade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Because this process releases mercury , a small amount of mercury can '' eat through '' a large amount of aluminium over time , by progressively forming amalgam and relinquishing the aluminium as oxide .
Generally accepted to have first been made in Egypt , where the dish is widely known as ( ) , falafel has become a dish eaten throughout the Middle East .
Ralph Metzner Ph. D. ( born May 18 , 1936 in Germany ) , is an American psychologist , writer and researcher , who participated in psychedelic research at Harvard University in the early 1960s with Timothy Leary and Richard Alpert ( later named Ram Dass ) .
The sun is formed of three colors of red , yellow and green which represent the Kurdish flag .
Once Gates leaves , '' I 'm not going to need him for anything .
The Penny Lilac was the basic penny postage stamp of Great Britain from its first issue on 12 July 1881 and was used until 1901 .
Homer was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks ' office .
it ( ; born June 26 , 1933 ) , is an Italian conductor .
Wordsworth , Dorothy and Coleridge traveled to Germany in the autumn of 1798 .
Goosebumps is a series of children 's horror fiction novels written by American author R. L. Stine and first published by Scholastic Publishing .
Many modern personal computers do not have a serial port since this legacy port has been superseded for most uses .
Air Jordan ( s ) , also simply as Jordans are a brand of shoes and athletic apparel produced by Nike originally designed for and endorsed by professional NBA basketball player Michael Jordan .
The Terracotta Army or the '' Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses '' , is a collection of terracotta sculptures depicting the armies of Qin Shi Huang , the first Emperor of China .
Lieutenant Truman proposed and they were engaged before he left for France in 1918 .
Most recently , the game was released on September 24 , 2008 for Xbox Live .
Built in 1964 , the vehicle was powered by a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and was backed by a Powerglide automatic transmission .
Hyssop is also antibacterial , anticapillary fragility , antiinflamatory , etc. , and can help with about 81 different medical conditions including cancer , bronchitis , insomnia , edema , colds , etc. .
It produces the cork cambium , another secondary meristem .
Although earlier promenade concert series had existed , the first Proms concert was held on 10 August 1895 in the Queen 's Hall in Langham Place , under the auspices of impresario Robert Newman .
Complementing the smaller MiG-29 , the Su-27 's closest US counterpart is the F-15 Eagle .
Baden-Powell wrote the principles of Scouting in Scouting for Boys ( London , 1908 ) , based on his earlier military books , with influence and support of Frederick Russell Burnham ( Chief of Scouts in British Africa ) , Ernest Thompson Seton of the Woodcraft Indians , William Alexander Smith of the Boys ' Brigade , and his publisher Pearson .
Shortly thereafter , the wind shear combined with its rapid forward motion of resulted in a steady weakening trend .
Such a disjunction is false if both A and B are false .
Philip John '' Phil '' Neville ( born 21 January 1977 ) is an English footballer who captains Premier League club Everton .
Nintendo announced in May 2009 that enhanced remakes of Pokémon Gold and Silver , entitled Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver , will be released for the Nintendo DS .
The label is currently on hiatus .
Most storage devices that do not require vision and a brain to read data fall into this category .
Tantalum is a rare , hard , blue-gray , lustrous transition metal that is highly corrosion resistant .
Many sermons were transcribed as he spoke and were translated into many languages during his lifetime .
Enraged , Homer writes an insulting reply , but Marge convinces him at the last minute not to send it , although Bart mails it anyway .
From April 1 , 2002 - December 31 , 2007 , the channel only aired between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Eastern/5 :00 AM and 5:00 PM Central , with The N airing through the rest of the channel 's airtime .
About Wolong , Wolong National Natural Reserve .
As '' Katsuhiko Otsuji , '' he received the Akutagawa Prize in 1981 for his short story , '' Chichi ga kieta '' .
The other authors who also write the Warriors novel series under the pen name Erin Hunter are Cherith Baldry , Victoria Holmes , and Tui T. Sutherland .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 276 .
In August 2010 , Giovanna was moved back to Munich after repairs on her enclosure were completed .
I-30 runs from Interstate 20 west of Fort Worth , Texas , northeast via Dallas , Texas , and Texarkana , Texas , to Interstate 40 in North Little Rock , Arkansas .
It is often identified as Haran , the place in which Abraham lived before he reached Canaan .
The mayor finally ordered a widespread evacuation of the island after midnight on August 18 , but by then , the bridges to the mainland were uncrossable .
The Barcelona Metro ( Catalan and Spanish : Metro de Barcelona ) , part of the public transportation system of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , is an extensive network of electrified railways that run underground in central Barcelona and above ground into the city 's suburbs .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 29,753 . .
The Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) is one of the core protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite .
The song title , '' 4am '' , was said by the band that it had double meanings- that it was completely written at 4:00 am , and it stands for Raine Maida 's father 's initials , Anthony Maida .
The Navier- Stokes equations are nonlinear partial differential equations in almost every real situation .
In sports , Crissiumal is known as '' the land of goalkeepers '' , because it was the home of several goalkeepers , the best of them being Taffarel , who played in the Brazilian sccer team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup , in Italy .
Advances such as writing , epigraphy , and the calendar did not originate with the Maya ; however , their civilization fully developed them .
Clavellina ( D.M. )
The game is set in the science fictional universe of the Halo series in the year 2531 , 21 years before the events of ' .
He maintains a blog ( available in Italian , English and Japanese ) at beppegrillo .
A parent ( from Latin : par ns = parent ) is a caretaker of the offspring in their own species .
Skiing is a recreational activity using skis as equipment for traveling over snow .
Through trains stop at Kanagawa Station or Hodogaya Station instead of Yokohama Station , and shuttle trains connect Yokohama and Hodogaya .
Universities would recruit more players than they had roster space for .
It is one of the original 83 departments created during the French revolution .
He also writes that it may have been that Epimetheus and Pandora and their roles were transposed in the pre-Hesiodic myths , a '' mythic inversion '' .
Dakar is the capital city of Senegal , located on the Cape Verde Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast .
An example is Archie Bunker 's Place , where Archie 's wife , Edith , died and the characters deal with her death .
He has since written many novels and other works , and his fiction has been adapted into motion pictures , notably the Hellraiser series .
Vocalist Benjamin Kowalewicz stated on July 1 , on Billy Talent 's official forum , that they 're staying put in Canada until the album is finished , and that their promotional tour for II has come to an end .
Alvarezsaurus was featured in the Discovery Channel television series Dinosaur Planet , which speculated that it was a predator of young Saltasaurus , though these species did not exist at the same time , Alvarezsaurus being about 5 million years older than Saltasaurus .
Arguing that Poland had fallen prey to the radical Jacobinism then at high tide in France , Russian forces invaded the Commonwealth in 1792 .
Typical flow is at 0.5 metres per second ( 1 - 2 feet per second ) , and can be as fast as 2.5 metres per second ( 8 feet per second ) .
Following a 1025 raid by the Chola Empire ( In the period of Emperor Rajendra Chola I ) of southern India it began to gradually decline in importance .
A new login screen was designed , entitled '' Dark '' .
It 's rare - but many people believe it is possible , even in a democracy .
He has also won an Olympic Gold Medal with the United States national basketball team .
The eastern New Wing was built by Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff between 1740 and 1747 as Frederick the Great 's residence .
The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland ( previously separate states , with separate legislatures but with the same monarch ) into a single , united kingdom named '' Great Britain '' .
During its height ( c. 950 -- c. 1130 ) , the Cluniac movement was one of the largest religious forces in Europe .
He is regarded as one of the finest forwards of all time and scored 277 goals in a career cut short by injury .
In oceanography , it is sometimes called the Eurafrican Mediterranean Sea or the European Mediterranean Sea to distinguish it from mediterranean seas elsewhere .
The Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian UnityPontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity is a pontifical council of the Roman Curia dedicated chiefly to the promotion of dialogue and unity with other Christian churches and ecclesial communities , but also , through a closely linked specific commission , to advancing religious relations with Jews .
It is impossible to introduce arbitrary extra matter , like point particles which interact with strings by collisions , because the particles can fall into the black hole , so holography demands that it must show up as a mode of oscillation .
Kirby : Squeak Squad , known in Europe as Kirby : Mouse Attack and in Japan as Kirby of the Stars : Calling on the Dorotche Gang , is a 2006-07 platforming video game developed by Flagship and Natsume ( the latter as seen in the end credits ) and published by Nintendo and HAL Laboratory for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Sir Charles Hubert Hastings Parry , 1st Baronet ( 27 February 18487 October 1918 ) , usually known as Sir Hubert Parry , was an English composer , best known for the choral song Jerusalem , the coronation anthem I was glad and the hymn tune Repton , which sets the words Dear Lord and Father of Mankind .
He enrolled at the University of Moscow and chose to study law and economics .
It lies on elevated ground on the River Mersey at the confluence of the rivers Goyt and Tame , southeast of the city of Manchester .
She received widespread recognition for her technical contributions , as well as for challenging the boundaries of modern American artistic style .
Hendrik Antoon Lorentz ( 18 July 1853 - 4 February 1928 ) was a Dutch physicist who shared the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physics with Pieter Zeeman for the discovery and theoretical explanation of the Zeeman effect .
Red Pikmin are the basic type , though more powerful than the other two varieties and resistant to fire . Yellow Pikmin can be thrown higher than the other two and can carry explosives called '' bombs rocks '' , while blue Pikmin are the only ones that can survive in water .
The original district of Peshawar was a district of the North-West Frontier Province of British India .
Some motorboats are fitted with inboard engines , others have an outboard motor installed on the rear , containing the internal combustion engine , the gearbox and the propeller in one portable unit .
History 1867 the Oberlahnkreis with the capital Weilburg was created , in 1886 the district Limburg an der Lahn with the capital Limburg .
Former member Chris Faller left the band in October 2008 .
The House of Commons is a democratically elected body , consisting of 308 members known as Members of Parliament ( MPs ) .
A debit card ( also known as a bank card or check card ) is a plastic card that provides an alternative payment method to cash when making purchases .
Pallapugno leggera is played in a court the same size of a volleyball court , but without a net .
Other Colognes were launched over 100 years after Farina 's one , such as the famous Cologne 4711 , named after its location at '' Glockengasse No. 4711 '' .
Spandau is the fifth of the twelve boroughs ( Bezirk ) of Berlin .
By contrast , the simple parity code can not correct errors , and can only detect an odd number of errors .
Several mustelids , including the mink , the sable ( a type of marten ) and the stoat ( ermine ) , boast exquisite and valuable furs and have been accordingly hunted since prehistoric times .
June 12 & ndash ; The Rye House Plot to assassinate Charles II of England is discovered .
This leads to a wave of uprisings in Holland and Zealand , leaving most of those provinces ( with the exception of Amsterdam ) , under rebel control .
A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county .
A dolphin will attach a marine sponge to its rostrum , which is presumably then used to protect it when searching for food in the sandy sea bottom .
Colin Richardson is a British record producer , mixer and recording engineer .
July & ndash ; Revolt of the Ciompi & ndash ; discontent wool carders briefly take over the government of Florence .
World War II has just begun and four children , Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy Pevensie , are evacuated from London in 1940 to escape the Blitz .
The types and severity of health risks vary between different styles of hot chocolate . Hot chocolate 's negative effects are mostly due to the high sugar content in most types of beverage .
Carrie Marie Underwood ( born March 10 , 1983 ) is an American country singer and songwriter .
While most consumers are aware that food with bright or unnatural colors ( such as the green ketchup mentioned above , or children 's cereals such as Froot Loops ) likely contain food coloring , far fewer people know that seemingly '' natural '' foods such as oranges and salmon are sometimes also dyed to mask natural variations in color .
The ground tissue usually consists mainly of parenchyma cells and fills in around the vascular tissue .
The warnings do not have to be specific ; during World War II , Britain declared simply that it had mined the English Channel , North Sea , and French coast .
On October 30 , Miguel Hidalgo 's army encountered Spanish resistance at the Battle of Monte de las Cruces , fought them and achieved victory .
The Volkswagen Crafter , introduced in 2006 , is the largest 3 to 5 tonne van sold by Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles .
The electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty ; however , its use is in decline .
The University of Waterloo ( also known as '' uWaterloo '' ) was originally conceived in 1955 as the Waterloo College Associate Faculties ( WCAF ) , a semi-autonomous entity within Waterloo College ( now Wilfrid Laurier University , formerly known as Waterloo Lutheran University ) .
His importance resides not only in his visual contributions to Impressionism and Post-Impressionism , but also in his patriarchal standing among his colleagues , particularly Paul Cézanne and Paul Gauguin .
Note : if the text contains one or more '' = '' ( equal signs ) , then the template must be called as ; source \/O/ publication \/O/ Parameter 5 : Source of the quote ( publication title , speech , etc. ) .
About 97.5 % of the water is saline , while the remaining 2.5 % is fresh water .
Laversine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Any material that can not be grown through agricultural processes , or created artificially in a laboratory or factory , is usually mined .
co. uk , the website was the UK 's first national newspaper online .
It is not to be confused with Scottish Gaelic , the Celtic language of Scotland .
The importance of the Indus and the Shyok rivers is in the deposition of a huge thickness of Quaternary sediments a treasure trove for geology researchers .
Although it was created to determine which auxiliary language of a wide field of contenders was best suited for international communication , it eventually determined that none of them was up to the task and developed its own language , Interlingua .
Mauro Tassotti ( born 19 January 1960 ) is a retired Italian footballer .
Andreas Herzog , also Andy Herzog , ( born 10 September 1968 in Vienna , Austria ) is a former Austrian football player .
Several other websites have duplicated this text , but include an '' Introduction '' that is very obviously not by Zaehner .
A video for the song was released , directed by Kinga Burza , and received airplay on MTV2 .
Scottish Parliament There are five flagpoles outside the Scottish Parliament Building in Edinburgh .
Higashi-Nagasaki Station is a railway station in Toshima , Tokyo , Japan .
Jeter 's home run was called by one of his Yankee predecessors at shortstop , broadcaster Phil Rizzuto .
French Sudan ( ) was a colony in French West Africa that had two separate periods of existence , first from 1890 to 1899 , then from 1920 to 1960 , when the territory became the independent nation of Mali .
A little over two years later the family moved to another farm in the Hodgenville area .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
Anne Beauchamp , 15th Countess of Warwick ( d. 1449 )
In the 18th century French became the fashionable language in Bern and elsewhere , while the influence of the French-speaking allies and subject lands was more marked than before .
On 9 December 2008 , he was appointed Honorary Professor by the Senate of the Offenbach Academy of Art and Design .
Dohis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The names Carmen and Fifi were later retired .
Bishop Isaac Barrow founds the Bishop Barrow Trust to establish a university on the Isle of Man ( King William 's College ) .
Not surprisingly the lowest income group was composed of those households headed by individuals younger than 24 , followed by those headed by persons over the age of 75 .
January 6 & ndash ; The Union of Atrecht unites the southern Netherlands under the Duke of Parma , governor in the name of king Philip II of Spain .
With the help of troops from his new father-in-law , Agamemnon then took the throne of Mycenae from his uncle Thyestes . Agamemnon and Clytemnestra became rulers of Mycenae , and she bore three daughters : Iphigenia , Chrysothemis , and Electra ; and finally a son : Orestes .
The city of Turku , Finland is founded .
Like Mississippi John Hurt , he was welcomed into the music scene of the 1960s and played at the Newport Folk Festival in 1964 , the New York Folk Festival in July 1965 , and the October 1967 European tour of the American Folk Festival along with Skip James and Bukka White .
During Bhutto 's regime , Mansehra was upgraded to a district , containing two subdivisions : Mansehra and Batagram . Later , the Mansehra district had the Balakot subdivision added to it .
The equations are useful because they describe the physics of many things of academic and economic interest .
Dedicated in 1956 , it was the first Mormon temple built in California and it was the largest in the world when completed .
Osbourne has presented on The Surgery with Kelly Osbourne on BBC Radio 1 .
Since its description in 1908 , Ankylosaurus has been publicized as the archetypal armored dinosaur , and due to its easily recognizable appearance and the intense public interest in dinosaurs , Ankylosaurus has been a feature of worldwide popular culture for many years . A life-sized reconstruction of Ankylosaurus featured at the 1964 World 's Fair in New York City greatly contributed to its popularity .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( also known as the Sixers for short ) are a professional basketball team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Seagate statement on enhanced smart attributes Most mechanical failures result from gradual wear , although an eventual failure may be catastrophic .
It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset , Somerset , Hampshire , Gloucestershire , Oxfordshire and Berkshire .
Variations of dress do occur depending on local business culture and climate .
The 2005 edition of Ethnologue reports that some 2.2 million speakers are in the world and 90 % of whom live in Pakistan , where it is mainly spoken in the Kalat region of Balochistan .
She grew up in Phoenix , Arizona where she attended Mohave Middle School .
Every Form 1 student has to learn to play at least 1 musical instrument .
It is the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area if Lake Michigan-Huron is counted as two lakes and is the world 's third-largest freshwater lake by volume .
Muladhara ( ) Base or Root Chakra ( ovaries\/prostate )
Honoured for his services at William 's coronation with the earldom of Marlborough ( pronounced \/O/ 'm : l b \/O/ ) , he served with further distinction in the early years of the Nine Years ' War , but persistent charges of Jacobitism brought about his fall from office and temporary imprisonment in the Tower .
Hurricanes that form near the Cape Verde Islands are sometimes referred to as Cape Verde-type hurricanes .
It is the second film in the Indiana Jones franchise , and prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 ) .
It moved north before losing its tropical characteristics and passing over the Canadian Maritimes as a strong extratropical storm .
Urvillers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Koror dominated from the very beginning , winning all but three reward challenges and every Immunity Challenge .
Classical Latin is the form of the Latin language used by the ancient Romans in what is usually regarded as '' classical '' Latin literature .
In 1848 , the 1848 Revolution did not , and the Great Powers did not like the idea of Romania becoming an nation .
The Messerschmitt Me 262 Schwalbe ( '' Swallow '' ) was the world 's first operational jet-powered fighter aircraft .
In 1915 , Tagore was knighted by the British Crown .
The governor of the state in which the disaster occurs must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the president that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster .
In physiology , transduction is the conversion of a stimulus from one form to another .
After graduating from Excelsior High School in 1929 , Pat Ryan attended Fullerton Junior College .
Castrop-Rauxel is a former mining city in the eastern part of the Ruhr Area .
Binghamton is a city located in the Southern Tier of New York in the United States .
No systematic study of the ecology of the Short-beaked Echidna has been published ; however , there have been studies of several aspects of their ecological behaviour .
After touring in support of The Unraveling , the band returned to the studio in December 2002 to work on their second full-length , Revolutions per Minute ( produced by Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore at The Blasting Room ) , which was released in 2003 .
In the same year , two of his works were shown with Durand-Ruel in London .
It is a dialectical method , often involving an oppositional discussion in which the defense of one point of view is pitted against the defense of another ; one participant may lead another to contradict him in some way , strengthening the inquirer 's own point .
is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld game console .
It was released as the album 's third single in January 2007 following the widespread success of their previous single '' How to Save a Life '' .
Due to her immense beauty , Zeus was frightened that she would be the cause of violence between the other gods .
Plagne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
Reduced instruction set computing , or RISC ( ) , is a CPU design strategy based on the insight that simplified ( as opposed to complex ) instructions can provide higher performance if this simplicity enables much faster execution of each instruction .
The population was 977 as of the 2000 Census .
In 1199 , during the period of its highest splendour , the city made itself independent from the bishops of Volterra .
Among memorable recordings made there were Sir Adrian Boult 's 1944 HMV sessions of Sir Edward Elgar 's second symphony , later reissued on CD .
Rice participated in the Freedom Campaign , the Burma Campaign UK and the U.S. Campaign for Burma to free Burmese democracy movement leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
I often used '' passive resistance '' and '' satyagraha '' as synonymous terms : but as the doctrine of satyagraha developed , the expression '' passive resistance '' ceases even to be synonymous , as passive resistance has admitted of violence as in the case of suffragettes and has been universally acknowledged to be a weapon of the weak .
Its data were checked and verified against data from the Deep Space Network station at Madrid , Spain.AMSAT-DL article in German ; ARRL article in English This is believed to be the first such tracking of Voyager 1 .
This was the debut of vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden .
From the 12th century the Armenian Khachen principality dominated the region .
Poker 's popularity experienced an unprecedented spike at the beginning of the 21st century , largely because of the introduction of online poker and hole-card camera , which turned the game into a spectator sport .
In 1842 the city of Christiania ( Oslo ) was made a separate Amt as well .
Early 1998 he reached his highest position on the FIDE ranking list : 2655 .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe that entered the late Roman Empire during the 5th century , perhaps best known for their sack of Rome in 455 .
Using his handcrafted microscopes he was the first to observe and describe single celled organisms , which he originally referred to as animalcules , and which we now refer to as microorganisms .
Miroslav Klose ( ; born Miros aw Marian Kloze on 9 June 1978 in Opole , Poland ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga .
Modern Japanese Tanka .
His most recent award was a 2007 prize for science communication , from the United States National Academy of Sciences for his wide and fascinating coverage of biology and evolution in newspapers , magazines and his internet blog .
Its course bisects the city 's industrial area , and several opening bridges have been constructed .
Most countries have a national chess organization as well ( such as the US Chess Federation and English Chess Federation ) which in turn is a member of FIDE .
He also wrestles and occasionally commentates for the Memphis Wrestling promotion .
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
Johnny Curtis is an American professional wrestler . He is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , where he performs in its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling .
From a litter of newborn yellow labrador retrievers they select Marley ( named after reggae singer Bob Marley ) , who immediately proves to be incorrigible . They take him to Ms. Kornblut ( Kathleen Turner ) , who firmly believes any dog can be trained , but when Marley refuses to obey commands , she expels him from her class .
Tsar Kaloyan is recognized as king of Bulgaria by Pope Innocent III after the creation of the Bulgarian Uniate church .
Computers with different microarchitectures can share a common instruction set .
Also , the Rosebuds were the first team based in the United States to play for the Cup .
Crabs are prepared and eaten as a dish in several different ways all over the world .
In 1951 , he again became Prime Minister before finally retiring in 1955 .
Various visiting British monarchs stayed at the Viceregal Lodge , notably Queen Victoria and George V. American presidents hosted here include Presidents John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , all of Irish descent .
In 1930 , there were 7,808 residents ; in 1940 , 7,550 .
Businessperson is a gender-neutral job title used in place of the words businessman or businesswoman .
A computer draws a station model for each observation location .
To bring attention to the restaurant , Delgadillo sliced the roof off of a 1936 Chevrolet hardtop , adorned the automobile with paint , horns and various automotive emblems and even an artificial Christmas tree in the rear of the car .
Located in Vermillion , South Dakota , USD is home to South Dakota 's only medical school and law school .
Though Dar es Salaam lost its official status as capital city to Dodoma in 1974 , it remains the center of the permanent central government bureaucracy and continues to serve as the capital for the surrounding Dar es Salaam Region .
A non-pipelined processor will have a stable instruction bandwidth .
She and her husband Ferdinand II of Aragon brought stability to both kingdoms that became the basis for the unification of Spain .
References External links The Beast with a Billion Backs at the Infosphere .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
Karel Svoboda was born in Prague , Czechoslovakia ( now Prague , Czech Republic ) and began his career as a pop composer after abandoning medicine in his third year of university .
It was the ninth named storm , fifth hurricane and third major hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
The Philadelphia Quakers were an American professional ice hockey team that played only one full season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , 1930 - 31 , at the Philadelphia Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
All states and 3 territories have their own parliaments and administer themselves ; the remaining territories are administered by the Federal Government .
'' Chinese shaking and rolling music '' or '' Chinese rock and roll music '' ) is a genre of music and lifestyle .
Pui Ying family The school has close ties with its sister schools such as Guangzhou Pui Ying , Xiguan Pui Ying , Jiangmen Pui Ying , Taishan Pui Ying and Pui Ying Secondary School .
June 16 & ndash ; Hussite Wars & ndash ; Battle of Usti nad Labem : The Hussites decisively beat the crusading armies in the Fourth Anti-Hussite Crusade .
Parliament TV - www.parliamentlive.tv ( Available Worldwide without restriction )
He was the second Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland , serving for just under nine months , from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659 .
The charred residue on barbecued meats has been identified as a carcinogen , along with many other tars .
Edo Bakufu
In 1976 the franchise relocated to Denver , Colorado and became the Colorado Rockies .
The station is the point through which pass the west and north-west bound Craigieburn , Flemington Racecourse , Sydenham , Werribee , Williamstown and Upfield suburban railway lines , as well as an interchange point with the Victorian regional network .
Early 407 -- Constantine III seizes control of the Roman garrison in Britain , declares himself emperor , and crosses into Gaul .
and ECW brands .
Intonation , in music , is a musician 's realization of pitch accuracy , or the pitch accuracy of a musical instrument .
Edward VII ( Albert Edward ; 9 November 1841 - 6 May 1910 ) was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions and Emperor of India from 22 January 1901 until his death .
Park Chung-hee ( 30 September 1917 -- 26 October 1979 ) was a Republic of Korea Army general and the President of South Korea ( the Republic of Korea ) from 1961 to 1979 .
Statisticians apply their knowledge to production , research , finance , medicine , the built and natural environments , insurance and government .
SummerSlam (/O2010/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , that took place on August 15 , 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California for the second consecutive year .
The Italian libretto was written by Francesco Maria Piave based on the play Le roi s ` amuse by Victor Hugo . It was first performed at La Fenice in Venice on March 11 , 1851 .
Most of its inhabitants are descendants of Portuguese , German and Italian immigrants .
The current logo of the Blue Jackets consists of the state of Ohio flag swirled around a star which is portrayed prominently on the Blue Jackets jersey . Another noteworthy symbol that has nothing to do with the team or mascot or logo of the Blue Jackets is the IGS Energy blimp that flies in the air above the crowds in Nationwide Arena between periods .
Defenseman Ted Harris was the North Stars captain .
God is believed by some Christians to be immanent ( meaning that he is with and within all things ) , while others believe the plan of redemption in scriptures show he will be immanent later as seen in , , and , and most believe he is also transcendent ( meaning that he is outside space and time , and therefore eternal and unable to be changed by forces within the universe ) .
A list of the current DAX companies , as of the quarterly review effective on 21 June 2010 where Salzgitter was replaced by HeidelbergCement .
The feet are commonly shoulder width apart for middle irons and putters , narrower for short irons and wider for long irons and woods . The ball is positioned in the center of the players stance for short irons and putters , more to the front for middle irons and even more for long irons and woods .
They are found in tropical , subtropical and temperate regions , including the Indo-Pacific and the Atlantic coast of Africa .
The position of a point on the meridian is given by the latitude .
He later became president of the Central Hockey League .
Alba 's most notable film roles have included an aspiring dancer-choreographer in Honey , exotic dancer Nancy Callahan in Sin City , and as the Marvel Comics character Sue Storm , the Invisible Woman in Fantastic Four .
His pupils included Leonardo da Vinci , Pietro Perugino and Lorenzo di Credi , but he also influenced Michelangelo .
With some of the highest altitude vineyards in Australia this area produces uniquely flavored and memorable wines .
Enfield Town railway station is the most central of several stations in Enfield ( north east London ) .
Balliol also traditionally attracts more international students than the other undergraduate colleges .
Linguistics is the scientific study of human language .
No Way Out (/O2009/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on February 15 , 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle , Washington .
The coat of arms show a willow tree with 13 branches representing the 13 municipalities and cities in the district .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
Obersiggenthal is a municipality in the district of Baden , in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland , located in the Limmat Valley ( German : Limmattal ) .
Acidic solutions of permanganate are reduced to the faintly pink manganese ( II ) ion ( Mn2 + ) and water .
Wilson , who was Sutton 's teacher , called this the Sutton -- Boveri hypothesis .
Germanium has five naturally occurring isotopes ranging in atomic mass number from 70 to 76 .
This Side entered the Billboard 200 at # 18 on the chart , and at # 2 on the magazine 's Top Country Albums chart .
Chloroflexi or Chlorobacteria ( formerly known as green non-sulfur bacteria ) is one of four classes of bacteria in the phylum Chloroflexi . They produce energy from light and are named for their green pigment , usually found in photosynthetic bodies called chlorosomes .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
ISBN 0-500-25134-7 External links A long article about Hulagu 's conquest of Baghdad , written by Ian Frazier , appeared in the April 25 , 2005 issue of The New Yorker .
The later concept was a continuation of romanticism and as such is often called neo-romanticism .
Cymbals are used in many ensembles ranging from the orchestra , percussion ensembles , jazz bands , heavy metal bands , and marching groups .
The song was originally introduced during The Beatles sessions ; a demo from the Esher Sessions can be found on Anthology 3 .
The 1997 Constitution established Fijian as an official language of Fiji , along with English and Fiji Hindi , and there is a discussion about establishing it as the '' national language '' , though English and Hindustani would remain official . Fijian is a VOS language .
He was elected with a narrow majority of 50.31 % in the 2008 Serbian presidential elections .
Beginning in 1977 , Asimov lent his name to Isaac Asimov 's Science Fiction Magazine ( now Asimov 's Science Fiction ) and penned an editorial for each issue .
However , the WWF Board of Directors would only allow the match if Flair were to return one hundred percent control to McMahon .
However , its official foundation is generally reckoned to have been the '' First Symphony Concert '' in November 1920 , when Edward Elgar conducted a programme of his own music in Birmingham Town Hall .
A possible tornado in Southampton Parish downed trees and caused light property damage .
Wilfred Bouma ( born 15 June 1978 ) in Helmond , North Brabant is a Dutch international footballer who plays for PSV Eindhoven .
From 25 February 2008 to 13 February 2009 , the show was sponsored by ITV Bingo ( powered by Party Gaming ) .
After being signed to a contract in 1998 , they were trained by Dory Funk , Jr. in his Funkin ' Dojo with other notable wrestlers such as Kurt Angle , Christian , Test , and A-Train .
The USGS Upper Midwest Environmental Sciences Center considers it to be the six states of Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Michigan , Minnesota , and Wisconsin , which comprise the watersheds of the upper Mississippi River and upper Great Lakes .
Hensies is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
In Greek mythology , Zeus places his son born by a mortal woman , the infant Heracles , on Hera 's breast while she is asleep so that the baby will drink her divine milk and will thus become immortal .
Landerrouat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
As Mexicana de Cobre , the federal government spent hundreds of millions of dollars to develop La Caridad , and revive other mines in the area .
In a series of essays , Howells helped make Austen into a canonical figure for the populace whereas Twain used Austen to argue against the Anglophile tradition in America .
The Battle of Uhud ( ) was fought on 19 March 625 ( 3 Shawwal 3 AH in the Islamic calendar ) at Mount Uhud , in what is now north-western Arabia .
The Battle of Iwo Jima ( 19 February- 26 March 1945 ) , or Operation Detachment , was a battle in which the United States fought for and captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Empire of Japan . The U.S. invasion , charged with the mission of capturing the three airfields on Iwo Jima , resulted in some of the fiercest fighting in the Pacific Campaign of World War II .
The fleet of 27 sets were built from 1999 2001 by Alstom at Washwood Heath in Birmingham .
Three other moons orbit between the rings : Naiad , Thalassa and Despina .
They were originally used for general farm work including cattle droving , sheep herding , and cart pulling , and nowadays as guard dogs and police dogs , as well as being kept as pets .
He is the most capped player in the Netherlands national football team 's history .
OpenOffice.org users , however , can choose to connect to external full-featured SQL database such as MySQL , PostgreSQL and even Oracle through ODBC or JDBC drivers .
The first two albums , Soli Deo Gloria and 7 were a similar style of electropop and EBM .
Following Immanuel Kant , he asserted against John Stuart Mill the a priori nature of necessary truth , and by his rules for the construction of conceptions he dispensed with the inductive methods of Mill .
The flop is followed by a second betting round .
An ecumenical council ( or oecumenical council ; also general council ) is a conference of the bishops of the whole Christian Church convened to discuss and settle matters of Church doctrine and practice .
Melling plays for Harlequins RL in the European Super League .
Examples include a tiger 's stripes , the battledress of a modern soldier and a butterfly camouflaging itself as a leaf .
Do you believe in the Holy Spirit , the holy catholic Church , the communion of saints , the forgiveness of sins , the resurrection of the body , and life everlasting ?
The Korea Professional Football League ( K-League ) is South Korea 's only fully professional football league .
In typesetting , such types are traditionally called superior and inferior letters , figures , etc. , or just superiors and inferiors .
They have had the same unchanged line-up of the same four musicians and friends since 1970 , augmented time to time with a fifth member ( Dutch keyboardist and leader of legendary band Supersister , Robert Jan Stips ) .
Other manufacturers took note and soon other V6 engines were in use .
The 59th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California on September 16 , 2007 and were televised live on Fox at 8:00 p.m. EDT ( 00:00 UTC ) for the first time in high definition ( on tape delay three hours later on the West Coast of the United States at 8:00 p.m. PDT\/3 :00 UTC ) .
Potamochoerus larvatus Bushpig
The Australian Capital Territory and the Jervis Bay Territory are Federal enclaves of New South Wales .
The name was later shortened to Van Diemen 's Land by the British .
Kris Boyd ( born 18 August 1983 ) is a Scottish professional association footballer who currently plays for Nottingham Forest on loan from Middlesbrough .
In its most basic form , stretching is a natural and instinctive activity ; it is performed by humans and many animals .
The Simpsons is an American television program that is an animated comedy .
Cuzieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Founded in 1738 , San José is one of the youngest capital cities in Latin America by year of conception , though it was not named capital until 1823 .
In August 1750 , on a journey back from Germany to London , Handel was seriously injured in a carriage accident between The Hague and Haarlem in the Netherlands .
The city has a population of 237,968 ( ) .
Peru is divided into 25 regions and the province of Lima .
Upon his death on February 15 , 1682 , there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account that he had requested of Margaret Mary , together with a few reflections on the usefulness of the devotion .
Upper Egypt ( Sa'id Misr ) is the strip of land , on both sides of the Nile valley , that extends from the cataract boundaries of modern-day Aswan north to the area between El-Ayait and Zawyet Dahshur ( which is south of modern-day Cairo ) .
It was badly damaged in a bombing raid in 1943 .
The title of Archduke ( feminine : Archduchess ) ( German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin ) denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King , used primarily by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
It runs buses in the city of Leicester , England .
A furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and U.S. customary units .
So far Lott has produced seven Top 20 Singles on the UK Singles Chart .
The City of London School ( CLS ) is a boys ' independent day school on the banks of the River Thames in the City of London , England .
The phonetics , phonology , morphology , syntax , and lexicon for most of Canada are similar to that of the Western and Midland regions of the United States .
Tag team match 04:44 9 The Big Boss Man ( with André the Giant ) defeated Mr. Perfect ( c ) ( with Bobby Heenan ) by disqualification .
Berles-Monchel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
SHe featured in the single with other various R&B , Rock , Pop and Hip Hop singer like Mariah Carey , Beyoncé , Mary J. Blige , Rihanna , Fergie , Sheryl Crow , Melissa Etheridge , Natasha Bedingfield , Miley Cyrus , Leona Lewis , Carrie Underwood , Keyshia Cole , LeAnn Rimes , Ashanti and Ciara .
French Sudan was a colony in French West Africa that had two separate periods of existence , first from 1890 to 1899 , then from 1920 to 1960 , when the territory became the independent nation of Mali .
The Nibelungenlied , translated as The Song of the Nibelungs , is an epic poem in Middle High German .
This was perceived as a drastic misallocation of resources and became a serious point of contention among the prison directors , politicians from their respective countries , and especially , the West Berlin government , who were left to foot the Spandau bill yet suffered a lack of space in their own prison system .
The county was formed in 1777 from Rowan County .
Sykes ' Doberman dogs Roscoe and DeSoto attack Oliver but the cat is defended by Fagin 's dogs .
The Boys ( band ) , an American R&B quartet
He was born in Vinje , Telemark .
PS3 compatibility The Vision Camera is also compatible with Sony 's PlayStation 3 ( requires firmware 1.54 ) .
In 1994 , Apple Computer began developing the Power Macintosh 7100 .
Nicola Sturgeon ( born 19 July 1970 ) is the Deputy First Minister of Scotland , Cabinet Secretary for Health and Wellbeing , Deputy Leader of the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) and Member of the Scottish Parliament ( MSP ) for Glasgow Govan .
Curie point
Naxos ( Crete ) , ancient Greek city in Crete
'' Keep Holding On '' is a pop rock power ballad song recorded by Avril Lavigne and is the theme song for the film Eragon (/O2006/O) .
It was released for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS in by Blizzard Entertainment , and was developed by Blizzard North .
The 1971 Formula One season included the 22nd FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on March 6 , 1971 , and ended on October 3 after eleven races .
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
'' Sassy '' and '' The Divine One '' , Sarah Vaughan was a Grammy Award winner .
Similar to previous storms Ingrid and Karen , high wind shear in the deep tropics hindered Melissa 's development .
Despite this , innovation in the technology continues and tape is still widely used .
Vaginal lubrication is provided by the Bartholin 's glands near the vaginal opening and the cervix .
Astrobiology is the field concerned with forming theories , such as panspermia , about the distribution , nature , and future of life in the universe .
Barlin is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As of 2010 , wild axolotls are near extinction due to urbanization in Mexico City and polluted waters .
Statistics of Division 2 in the 1981/1982 season .
The three hundred episode telenovela , La Usurpadora , was RCTV 's first telenovela seen abroad .
Although the Walt Disney Company claimed Donna Duck to be the same character as Donald 's long-time love interest Daisy Duck , this is not so in Karp\/Taliaferro comics (/O1951/O) , where she is a separate character , appearing together with Daisy in a couple of daily newspaper strips .
During Wesley 's early adult years he was greatly influenced by the classic books : Jeremy Taylor 's Holy Living and Holy Dying , Thomas a Kempis ' The Imitation of Christ , and William Law 's two books Christian Perfection and A Serious Call to a Devout and Holy Life .
His sources had then leaked them to the public as a light-hearted joke on his fans .
In 1802 she left Drury Lane and subsequently appeared from time to time on the stage of the rival establishment , Covent Garden .
Metroid Prime is a video game developed by Retro Studios and Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube , released in North America on November 17 , 2002 . It is the first 3D game in the Metroid series , and is classified by Nintendo as a first-person adventure rather than a first-person shooter , due to the large exploration component of the game .
The obvious candidates for magnetospheric plasma-absorbing matter are neutral gas and dust , but the quantities required to explain the observed depletion are far greater than Cassini 's measurements allow .
After Tito 's death , when each of the constituent parts of Yugoslavia had to have one place named with the word ` Tito ' ( or ` Tito 's ' ) included , the city was also known as Titova Mitrovica ( ) in Serbian or Mitrovica e Titos in Albanian .
Boisleux-Saint-Marc is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bowser was the creation of Nintendo designer and producer Shigeru Miyamoto .
Rajshahi division consists of 8 districts , 70 Upazilas ( the next lower administrative tier ) and 1,092 Unions ( the lowest administrative tier ) .
She was the founder of the famous fashion brand Chanel .
It is a member of the United Nations , G-20 major economies , Commonwealth of Nations , ANZUS , OECD , and the WTO .
Atahualpa was sentenced to execution by burning .
Harry Woodward first described a mathematical relationship between the duration and intervals of the eruptions (/O1938/O) .
Let mi be the masses , ui the velocities before collision and vi the velocities after collision .
A lolcat ( usually pronounced , sometimes el-oh-el cat ) is an image combining a photograph of a cat with text intended to contribute humor .
The On-ice official category has been in existence since 1961 and since then fourteen have been inducted .
All three were located on the geographic edges of the city , in Shawnee 's case it was the western edge bordering the Ohio River .
The surviving species are the American bison , Bison bison ( with two subspecies , the plains bison , Bison bison bison , and the wood bison , Bison bison athabascae ) , found in North America , and the European bison , or wisent ( Bison bonasus ) , found in Europe and the Caucasus .
Pakistan Water Gateway It was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the World Bank .
Animal husbandry , also called animal science , stockbreeding or simple husbandry , is the agricultural practice of breeding and raising livestock .
In an effort to colonize the wilderness especially of southwest France , almost seven hundred new towns were built between 1222 ( Cordes-sur-Ciel , Tarn ) and 1372 ( La Bastide d'Anjou , Tarn ) .
Craonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Young Concert Artists ' Trust ( YCAT ) is a trust which holds competitions for young classical musicians in the United Kingdom and supports them by giving them opportunities for public performances .
He may additionally have had absence seizures in his youth .
The band was described as a mixture of Slayer , Poison the Well and Hatebreed .
He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood , the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy and first cousin of Snoop Dogg .
Trump World Tower is a residential skyscraper at 845 United Nations Plaza ( First Avenue between 47th and 48th Streets ) in Manhattan , New York City .
The previous record , from 1997 , was 18 seconds .
Porto defeated Celtic 3 - 2 in a final decided by a goal in extra time .
released in 1989 .
St. Louis Rams In 1998 , Warner was signed by the St. Louis Rams and was allocated to NFL Europe 's Amsterdam Admirals .
The winner was at the time Raw superstar Kurt Angle , who later switched to the SmackDown brand .
An early vocational aspiration was to become a pastor and preach the gospel , and from 1879 he worked as a missionary in a mining region in Belgium .
Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System , an ancient water diversion project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
For the 2009 album by Thrice , see Beggars ( album )
It houses the National Cycling Centre and British Cycling .
dol2day is the name of a social networking platform for politically interested German speaking people .
Noaillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Baroque composer Johann Sebastian Bach wrote most of his music incorporating counterpoint , and explicitly and systematically explored the full range of contrapuntal possibilities in such works as The Art of Fugue .
was a Japanese short story writer and novelist whose spare , lyrical , subtly-shaded prose works won him the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1968 , the first Japanese author to receive the award .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey and launched in July .
Typically , however , a patent application must include one or more claims defining the invention which must be new , non-obvious , and useful or industrially applicable .
Placed above the urinal drain , they are air-activated and slowly evaporate when in contact with the air .
As a composer , he produced a wide-ranging oeuvre of 65 opus numbers , and also taught two generations of well-known organists such as Jehan Alain and Marie-Claire Alain , Jean-Marie Beaudet , Pierre Cochereau , Jeanne Demessieux , Rolande Falcinelli , Jean Guillou , Jean Langlais , Carl Weinrich and Olivier Messiaen , to name only a few .
The Electric Company employed sketch comedy and other devices to provide an entertaining program to help elementary school children develop their reading skills .
It replaced the Scottish BBC Radio 4 opt-out service of the same name from 23 November 1978 .
Smith is well-known for participating in long , humorous Q&A sessions that are often filmed for DVD release , beginning with An Evening with Kevin Smith .
They have engineered a mosquito to become resistant to malaria .
Each instar is green , though the first two instars do have some variation in which some caterpillars will have black underlying splotches on their dorsal side .
As of 2005 , Colorado has an estimated population of 4,665,177 , which is an increase of 63,356 , or 1.4 % , from the prior year and an increase of 363,162 , or 8.4 % , since the year 2000 .
For the Buzzcocks song , see Spiral Scratch ( EP ) .
In the months leading up to the outbreak of civil war in June 1922 , Collins tried desperately to heal the rift in the nationalist movement and prevent civil war .
Many preserved historical buildings are the evidence of the 770 years of its existence .
He attended school at the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind in St. Augustine , Florida from 1937-1945 where he developed his musical gift that he is known and remembered for today .
The Royal Ballet employs approximately 100 dancers and a complete list is shown below .
They re-united musically in 1969 , when Hendrix called on Cox to play bass in the Band of Gypsys .
The group followed that release with the two-disc In Your Honor (/O2005/O) , which was split between acoustic songs and harder-rocking material .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
The Kyshtym disaster was a radiation contamination disaster , which happened on 29 September , 1957 , in Mayak , a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant in Russia ( then a part of the Soviet Union ) .
The value of the spin is 1 , making them bosons .
Peter and the Wolf ( Russian : , Petya i volk ) is a composition written by Sergei Prokofiev during 1936 in the USSR .
In computer graphics , a raster graphics image or bitmap is a data structure representing a generally rectangular grid of pixels , or points of color , viewable via a monitor , paper , or other display medium . Raster images are stored in image files with varying formats ( see Comparison of graphics file formats ) .
Cook charted many areas and recorded several islands and coastlines on European maps for the first time .
A JR East project will extend the services of the Utsunomiya Line , the Takasaki Line , and the J ban Line to T ky Station by constructing the T hoku J kan LineAn Interview with the President on JR East website , retrieved 2009-05-13
Of the state 's ten largest cities , three are outside the metropolitan areas of Oklahoma City and Tulsa , and only Lawton has a metropolitan statistical area of its own as designated by the United States Census Bureau , though the metropolitan statistical area of Fort Smith , Arkansas extends into the state .
Anochetus pattersoni was discovered on 19 December 2005 by S.M. Goodman in the Seychelles and described by Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. in 2008Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. , 2008 , A revision of Malagasy species of Anochetus Mayr and Odontomachus Latreille ( Hymenoptera : Formicidae ) .
The use of the diode equation in circuit problems is illustrated in the article on diode modeling .
Jean Amadou Tigana ( born 23 June 1955 in Bamako , French Sudan , nowadays Mali ) is a football manager and former player , having played in midfield and managed professional football extensively throughout France , including 52 appearances and 1 goal for the France national football team during the 1980s .
Guam ( ; Chamorro : ) , is an island in the western Pacific Ocean and is an organized , unincorporated territory of the United States .
The reports were filled with formal vocabulary , as , for instance , he referred to a 20 km jog as an extended aerobic exercise .
The county is divided into thirteen townships : Drexel , Icard , Jonas Ridge , Linville , Lovelady , Lower Creek , Lower Fork , Morganton , Quaker Meadows , Silver Creek , Smoky Creek , Upper Creek , Upper Fork and Valdese .
Crabs are found in all of the world 's oceans , while many crabs live in fresh water and on land , particularly in tropical regions . Crabs vary in size from the pea crab , a few millimetres wide , to the Japanese spider crab , with a leg span of up to 4 m.
Kven is an official minority language in Norway .
Fava beans Mustard Clover Fenugreek Lupin Sunn hemp , a tropical legume Vetch or Winter tares , including fava beans .
Their name has been perpetuated in Klickitat County , Washington , Klickitat , Washington , Klickitat Street in Portland , Oregon , and the Klickitat River , a tributary of the Columbia River .
Caracal caracal schmitzi ( Matschie , 1912 ) , Israel , West Asia , Iran , Arabia , Pakistan , India , Jordan
The only Capsicum without capsaicin is the bell pepper , a cultivar of Capsicum annuum , which has a zero rating on the Scoville scale . The lack of capsaicin in bell peppers is due to a recessive gene that eliminates capsaicin and , consequently , the '' hot '' taste usually associated with the rest of the Capsicum family .
It opened at Elizabeth , New Jersey , under the presidency of Jonathan Dickinson as the College of New Jersey .
The Royals
However , he visited Dublin a number of times and realized that there were groups of people , just like him , interested in Irish , a language looked down on at the time by many and seen as backward and old-fashioned .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids ( in three dimensions ) and the regular polygons ( in two dimensions ) .
William Stanley Vann FRCO , ARCM ( 15 February 1910 -- 27 March 2010 ) was an English composer , organist , choral conductor , and choir trainer , primarily in the Anglican cathedral tradition .
Common types of vandalism are the addition of obscenities or crude humor , page blanking , and the insertion of nonsense into articles .
The President is directly elected by a two-round system for a five-year term ( since 2004 , after the Constitution was modified in 2003 ) .
Peter Davison ( born Peter R. Moffett ; on 13 April 1951 ) is a British actor , best known for his roles as Tristan Farnon in the television version of James Herriot 's All Creatures Great and Small and the fifth incarnation of the Doctor in Doctor Who , which he played from 1982 to 1984 .
The texts are of great religious and historical significance , as they include some of the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 BCE , and preserve evidence of considerable diversity of belief and practice within late Second Temple Judaism .
We did Looking Back and Consumer Guide features that beat the competition out of sight , and we did this not just to surpass our rivals but because we reckoned that rock had finished its first wind around 1969\/70 and deserved to be treated as history , as a canon of work .
No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades , and the turbine does n't require a housing for operation .
Etymologically , the name is a compound of the Greek verb ( alexein ) '' to defend '' and the noun ( andros ) , genitive of ( an r ) '' man '' .
Lures are usually used with a fishing rod and fishing reel .
The group consists of four members : Aaron Yan , Wu Chun , Calvin Chen , and Jiro Wang .
According to the census of 1910 , the largest ethnic group in the Kingdom of Hungary were the Hungarians , who were approximately 48 % of the entire population ( or 54 % of the population of the territory referred to as '' Hungary proper '' , i.e. , excluding Croatia-Slavonia ) .
New Year 's Revolution was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event , that was produced every January by the American professional wrestling promotion , World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Other geographic locations with connections to the industry have since characterized themselves as Siliconia as well , for example Silicon Forest in Oregon , Silicon Hills in Austin , Silicon Saxony in Germany , Silicon Valley in India , and Silicon Border in Mexicali .
Interview by PC World Australia , 10 October 2007 Both Pidgin and libpurple are free software , released under the terms of the GNU General Public License .
It opened with the game Grazer AK vs. SK Sturm Graz on 9 July 1997 ( 0:4 ) .
The label denomination is rejected by some because of the local autonomous governance system used by Baptist churches .
At its peak in 1929 , 300,000 cars were produced in one year , Hudson and Essex combined , including contributions from Hudson 's other factories in Belgium and England ; a factory had been built in 1925 in Brentford in London .
BeatrIX was a small operating system , taking up only 200MB .
Devon also has its own flag which has been dedicated to Saint Petroc , a local saint with dedications throughout Devon and neighbouring counties .
Having this shared heritage , the two systems are quite similar , but there are differences .
For example , the PADI Open Water Diver ( the most basic rank ) course takes 5 dives in a swimming pool and 4 dives in open water ( i.e. sea , lake , etc. ) ; after the course the qualified diver is allowed to dive to .
West , Donda , p. 106 This action greatly displeased his mother , who was a professor at the university from which he withdrew .
The unit was last headed by Inspector Bruce H. Smolka , who was later promoted to Assistant Chief .
Park came from an undistinguished local branch of the Goryeong Bak clan .
The Philadelphia Quakers did not rejoin the NHL after sitting out the 1931 -- 32 season .
The former peaked at # 9 on Billboards Top Tracks chart and has remained a staple of pop , hard rock and classic rock radio for more than 25 years .
Subsequently he travelled to Scotland , Ireland and America with his orchestra .
Charles the Bald ( 13 June 823 - 6 October 877 ) , Holy Roman Emperor ( 875 - 877 , as Charles II ) and King of West Francia ( 840 - 877 , as Charles II , with the borders of his land defined by the Treaty of Verdun , 843 ) , was the youngest son of the Emperor Louis the Pious by his second wife Judith .
As their hunting relies heavily on vision , they are primarily diurnal , but many species will fly at night .
The Great Pyramid of Giza at one time was advocated ( 1884 ) as the location for the Prime Meridian , a reference point used for determining a base longitude .
It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots , gymnosperms and some monocots , which usually lack secondary growth .
The original choice to interpret Xena was the British actress Vanessa Angel , but an illness prevented her from travelling , so the role was offered to another four actresses before being given to Lucy .
It was later reprinted by Bantam Spectra in hardcover in 2001 , and in mass market paperback in 2003 .
Males typically weigh , while females weigh about .
India is now probably the world 's largest concentrator of heavy water , also used in nuclear power reactors .
It is one of numerous large lakes in an arc from Labrador through the northern United States and into the Northwest Territories of Canada .
In the 2000s , Universal 's limited-edition re-issue label , Hip-O Select began releasing a series of comprehensive box-sets devoted to such Chess artists as Muddy Waters , Little Walter , Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry .
Ivan destroys the egg , killing Kashchei . With Kashchei gone and his spell broken , the magical creatures and the palace all disappear .
Audrehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
A Fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes ( usually for royalty or important people ) .
See also : Tendentious editing Harassment or personal attacks There is a clear policy on Wikipedia of no personal attacks , and harassing other contributors is also not allowed .
In 1999 , Barenboim jointly founded the West-Eastern Divan orchestra with Palestinian-American intellectual Edward Said , who was a close friend .
He attended Newman College and the University of Western Australia , where he received a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery in 1975 .
A greenhouse is a structure with a diffrent types of covering materials , like glass or plastic roof and frequently glass or plastic walls ; it heats up because incoming visible solar radiation from the sun is absorbed by plants , soil , and other things inside the building .
The popular rival to opera seria was opera buffa , the ` comic ' opera that took its cue from the improvisatory commedia dell ` arte .
In 1983 the BBC TV series '' Spyship '' was broadcast , with June singing the title song .
He died of a heart attack in 1967 .
Magnesium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Mg , atomic number 12 , atomic weight 24.3050 and common oxidation number +2 .
Border guards subject to the Ministry patrol Armenia 's borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan , while Russian troops continue to monitor its borders with Iran and Turkey .
The nation-based A1GP concept was founded by Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai , initially in 2003 .
Mickie Laree James ( born August 31 , 1979 ) , better known simply as Mickie James , is an American professional wrestler and singer of mixed Native American-Caucasian descent , currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) .
Bristol City currently play at Ashton Gate stadium in the Ashton/Bedminster area of the city of Bristol , which has an all-seater capacity of 21,497 .
It contained hits '' Munich '' and '' Blood '' and the following year received a Mercury Prize nomination .
Dorengt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The 1951 -- 52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League .
The word can also be used about parasites causing large scale sickness and death , such as Guinea worm .
Hamilton and Denniss argue that people '' aspire to the lifestyles of the rich and famous at the cost of family , friends and personal fulfilment '' , and that rates of stress , depression and obesity are high as people try to cope with the emptiness and disappointments of consumer life .
William , the third son of George III and younger brother and successor to George IV , was the last king and penultimate monarch of the House of Hanover .
During the night of September 14 , an eye-like feature developed , and Julia intensified into a hurricane .
iBluegrass.com .
College basketball most often refers to the USA basketball competitive governance structure established by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . Basketball in the NCAA is divided into three divisions : Division I , Division II and Division III .
In typesetting by hand compositing , a sort is a piece of type representing a particular letter or symbol , cast from a matrix mould and assembled with other sorts bearing additional letters into lines of type to make up a forme from which a page is printed .
It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye and Michael Lynne as a film distributor , later becoming an independent film studio .
The superfamily Geomyoidea is among the few superfamilial relationships in rodents that is not subject to much controversy .
The Gods Must Be Crazy is a film released in 1980 , written and directed by Jamie Uys .
Reyrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
GameRankings lists the game as the best reviewed Wii game and the second best reviewed game of all time .
This unit , in conjunction with Sayeret Matkal , re-took the Mount Hermon position in the 1973 Yom Kippur War .
The RSA algorithm was publicly described in 1978 by Ron Rivest , Adi Shamir , and Leonard Adleman at MIT ; the letters RSA are the initials of their surnames , listed in the same order as on the paper .
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Bagrat III ( ) ( September 23 , 1495 1565 ) , of the Bagrationi Dynasty , was a king of Imereti from April 1 , 1510 , to 1565 .
Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .
Teaming and feuding with Rey Mysterio ( 2005 ) At No Way Out , Eddie teamed up with longtime friend and sometimes rival , Rey Mysterio and defeated The Basham Brothers to win his final title , the WWE Tag Team Championship for a fourth time , with it being Mysterio 's third reign .
There are types of wristband such as those on watches and on the ends of the s of a piece of clothing .
On October 5 , 2000 , the series debuted on The WB and was canceled in its seventh season , ending on May 15 , 2007 on The CW .
The telegraph operators soon learned that they could translate the clicks directly into dots and dashes , and write these down by hand , thus making it unnecessary to use a paper tape . When Morse code was adapted to radio communication , the dots and dashes were sent as short and long pulses .
Libor Sionko ( born 1 February 1977 in Ostrava ) is a Czech footballer currently playing for Sparta Prague .
The MESS emulator supports recording and playing back of Atari 2600 emulation sessions . The Home Action Replay Page ( aka HARP ) allows Atari 2600 users to archive their favorite play sessions of the Atari 2600 system and its games .
With Erebus the deity of shadow and darkness , Nyx gives birth to Aether ( atmosphere ) and Hemera ( day ) .
The DECT and DECT 6.0 technologies are nearly identical , except for operating frequency .
Zelda is usually kidnapped or imprisoned by Ganon , also known as Ganondorf .
