Greendale is a city in Dearborn County , Indiana , United States .
He attended Sheen Mount primary school , and then went on to Emanuel School in London , from 1969 to 1973 .
Ta ucu , Turkey , since 1994
District Government Abbottabad It is located in the west of the district .
Year 1311 ( MCCCXI ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
The cyclone killed 3 to 10 people and caused millions of dollars in damage in Brazil .
The Jazz Singer (/O1927/O) is an American musical film .
During the 1970s , he published eleven books of poetry , essays , and translations , celebrating the power of myth , Indian ecstatic poetry , meditation , and storytelling .
The British Commander-in-Chief in India ( or Commander-in-Chief of India ) was the chief military commander for the British administration in India and liaisoned with the civilian Governor-General of India .
Music The music to Beverly Hills Chihuahua was written by composer Heitor Pereira , who recorded the score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Bros. . .
Trains on this route ran from Shek Kip Mei Station to Kwun Tong Station .
This article is about Paul Ehrlich ( 14 March 1854 -- 20 August 1915 ) , a German immunologist .
governor , to be replaced by his son , Stafford Smythe .
The altitude of Geneva is , and corresponds to the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton , two large rocks emerging from the lake which date from the last ice age .
Copper rich variety of compounds with oxidation states copper ( I ) and copper ( II ) , which are often called cuprous and cupric , respectively .
With a population of over 500,000 inhabitants and an economy based mainly on industry , Joinville has become the largest city in State of Santa Catarina .
Barber and Birnbaum serve as co-CEOs , while Jonathan Glickman serves as the current President of Production .
'' Neither '' here is assumed as meaning either an undescribed form of an alternate gender Spectrum ( unrelated to the male-female one ) or completely lacking a gender ( not to be confused with asexuality ) .
In Canada , the remnants of the storm combined with an extratropical storm produced strong winds and rainfall , damaging trees and power lines .
Georgi Ivanov Markov ( ) ( 1 March 1929 -- 11 September 1978 ) was a Bulgarian dissident writer .
Of these settlements above , South Yorkshire has three main urban areas : the Dearne Valley which covers Barnsley and surrounding area ; the Sheffield urban area which covers Sheffield , Rotherham and surrounding area ; and the Doncaster urban area which covers Doncaster and surrounding area .
Freetown is the capital and largest city of Sierra Leone , a country in West Africa .
On 8 January 1820 , the sheikh of Dubai and other sheikhs in the region signed the '' General Maritime Peace Treaty '' with the British government .
The district of Lugano ( also called Luganese ) is a district of Canton Ticino , Switzerland .
It was designed by the distinguished architects van Heyningen and Haward , and all open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other .
It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km A profile of Rajshahi Division .
The channel is on-air from 19:00 to around 04:00 each night , in order to share terrestrial television bandwidth with the CBBC Channel .
Naomi ( porn star ) , American pornographic actress
John does not tell Sally he is driving towards B. Sally can not tell where John will be in one hour , since she does not know the direction .
With no other methods of rescue available , the President is reminded of the existence of a top-secret military space shuttle .
The Norwegian Refugee Council ( NRC ) ( Norwegian : Flyktninghjelpen ) is an independent , humanitarian non-governmental organisation which provides assistance , protection and durable solutions to refugees , internally displaced persons , and returnees worldwide .
Domestic airports are Lucknow , GorakhpurAgra , Kanpur Allahabad and Varanasi .
It might also be described as light purple .
A graduate of the Southampton Academy where he made his debut in 1998 , he has also had spells with Chelsea and Fulham during his Premiership career .
His publishing firm also released three anti-Semitic books for children , including the 1938 Der Giftpilz ( '' The Toadstool '' or '' The Poison-Mushroom '' ) , one of the most widespread pieces of propaganda , which purported to warn about insidious dangers Jews posed by using the metaphor of an attractive yet deadly mushroom .
Its southern portion known as Salento , a peninsula , forms a high heel on the '' boot '' of Italy .
The film chronicles the relationship and lack of communication between a mother and daughter during the Cuban economic crisis known as the Special Period .
It is the oldest of the three Royal Boroughs in England , the others are Kensington and Chelsea , also in London , and Windsor and Maidenhead .
With the change in climate , the remaining lake began drying up , leaving Great Salt Lake , Utah Lake , Sevier Lake , & Rush Lake as remnants .
The municipality of Drammen was established on 1 January 1838 ( see formannskapsdistrikt ) .
Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Thus , a changing electric field generates a magnetic field ; conversely a changing magnetic field generates an electric field .
He married Elena Stuven Olmos , and they had 4 children : Carmela , Recaredo , Teresa and Enrique .
Haydn died at the end of May in 1809 , shortly after an attack on Vienna by the French army under Napoleon .
Mortefontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the United Kingdom , during World War I , King George V changed the house 's name from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to the currently serving House of Windsor in 1917 .
Its two business areas are DB Schenker Rail ( formerly Railion ) and DB Schenker Logistics .
Despite having a large fan base , they had been one of the least competitive teams in the sport , due to a relatively restricted budget .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
Astronomers thing it was created when things in the Kuiper belt were '' scattered '' by the gravity of the outer planets , mainly Neptune .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
The Princess Beatrice ( Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore ; later Princess Henry of Battenberg ; 14 April 1857 -- 26 October 1944 ) was a member of the British Royal Family .
The 50s decade ran from January 1 , 50 , to December 31 , 59 .
Harvey is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
Deitingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Wilmersdorf is an inner city locality of Berlin , formerly a borough by itself but since Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf .
Method : Only counts visits to local sites in 23 European countries and then averages the percentages for those 23 European countries independent of population size .
Embryos of vertebrates have notochords today , as embryonic development often follows a pattern similar to the ancestral evolution of the modern animal 's traits .
Addiscombe is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Croydon .
It also incorporated certain aspects of regulated trade in goods and services between the parties under a contractual relationship formed upon duress , and based upon the potential for threats if specific performance did not occur .
The Plume edition is an authorized reprint of a hardcover edition published by Harcourt , Inc. .
Igor Cvitanovi ( born November 1 , 1970 in Osijek ) is a retired Croatian football striker .
According to various Indian schools of philosophy , a tattva is an element or aspect of reality conceived as an aspect of deity .
'' Botany : Introduction '' in The Evolutionary Synthesis : Perspectives on the Unification of Biology , Ernst Mayr and William Provine , editors .
He also briefly served in the Ukrainian People 's Army .
For prose literacy , for example , a below basic level of literacy means that a person can look at a short piece of text to get a small piece of uncomplicated information , while a person who is below basic in quantitative literacy would be able to do simple addition .
The Solms castle has one of the largest private libraries in Europe , with over 120,000 titles .
The Indo-Aryan languages ( within the context of Indo-European studies also Indic ) constitutes a branch of the Indo-Iranian languages , itself a branch of the Indo-European language family .
One person was killed and numerous communities suffered damage of varying degrees from central Mississippi to Pennsylvania , with Georgia the hardest hit .
Dumbrava Ro ie
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus ( October 28 , 1466 - July 12 , 1536 ) , sometimes known as Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam , was a Dutch Renaissance humanist , Catholic priest , and a theologian .
It was first released under the moniker Aphex Twin , later changed to AFX .
Two Prudential Plaza is a super-tall skyscraper that was built in the Loop area of Chicago , Illinois , United States in 1990 .
Little of Jesus ' childhood is recorded in the canonical Gospels , however infancy Gospels were popular in antiquity .
However the people of the largest group in the districts of Haripur , Abbottabad and Mansehra are sometimes recognised collectively as Hazarawal , named after the defunct Hazara Division that comprised these districts .
Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of Bury St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk . It is a very traditional Suffolk village , with a good example of a fourteenth century church .
Dromornis stirtoni was three metres ( 10 feet ) tall and weighed half a ton ( 500 kilos ) .
( 1981 ; Penguin , 1987 ) ISBN 0140108661
In 1882 , Vogel became the Director at the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam .
Ribemont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches , particularly in rural areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend .
To have them deleted entirely , add the tag to the top of each page , and an admin will be along shortly to delete the page for you .
Along with WrestleMania , Royal Rumble and Survivor Series , the event is one of the '' Big Four '' pay-per-views and was one of the original four annual WWE pay-per-views .
This list is complied each year by the World Conservation Union .
The band consists of vocalist Anthony Green , former singer of Saosin and members of the now-defunct This Day Forward .
Modern age In 1512 , during the War of the League of Cambrai , the city was sacked by Spanish troops assembled by Pope Julius II and emperor Charles V to recover the nearby city of Florence for the Medici family .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
Most types of bacteria can not change to the endospore form , but examples include Bacillus and Clostridium .
It is published by The Herald and Weekly Times , a subsidiary of News Limited , itself a subsidiary of News Corporation .
The twentieth animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and revolves around a family of aristocratic cats , and how an alley cat acquaintance helps them after a butler has kidnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
The show takes its name from the 1950s United States working-class youth subculture known as the greasers .
Strength training differs from bodybuilding , weightlifting , powerlifting , and strongman , which are sports rather than forms of exercise , although training for them is inherently interconnected with strength training , as it is for shotput , discus , and Highland games .
John Stanley Miszuk ( born September 29 , 1940 ) ) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Detroit Red Wings , Chicago Black Hawks , Philadelphia Flyers and Minnesota North Stars .
From 11 April 1689 - when the Estates of Scotland recognized them as Sovereigns- the royal couple used the style '' William and Mary , by the Grace of God , King and Queen of England , Scotland , France and Ireland , Defenders of the Faith , etc. '' .
The remaining copies of the EP were sent to the first members of Linkin Park 's newly-formed street team .
Melissa Lou Etheridge ( born May 29 , 1961 ) is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician .
Located in northeastern Kansas , it is also the fifth most populous city in the state , with a population of 125,872 at the 2010 census .
A third series began airing in the UK on 10 January 2010 .
This type of bunker is a small concrete structure , partly dug into the ground , which is usually a part of a trench system .
Famous products of stonemasonry include the Taj Mahal , Cusco 's Incan Wall , Easter Island 's statues , the Egyptian Pyramids , Angkor Wat , Tihuanaco , Tenochtitlan the Iranian Persepolis , the Greek Parthenon , Stonehenge , and Chartres Cathedral .
To the sides of the center laurels spread around the helmet .
It was not long before improvements in chip manufacturing allowed for even more circuitry to be placed on the die , and designers started looking for ways to use it .
The governor of Cordoba , Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi , is killed during the battle .
The metal 's Quenya name is mistarille .
Gerhard Ertl ( born 10 October 1936 ) is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
Asclepias incarnata
December 5 & ndash ; George Armstrong Custer , American cavalry officer ( d. 1876 )
At WWE 's November Survivor Series PPV event , Cena returned to the WWE after a legitimate neck injury and defeated Jericho to win the championship .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Small amounts of hydrogen sulfide occur in crude petroleum , but natural gas can contain up to 90 % .
The Tang Dynasty , Minnesota State University Emuseum The Tang Dynasty at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Home of 300 Tang Poems , University of Virginia Tang art with video commentary , from the Minneapolis Institute of Arts The Tang Dynasty at AsianSpiritGallery .
In A General Historie of the Robberies and Murders of the Most Notorious Pyrates , it was reported that he had lit matches woven into his enormous black beard during battle to intimidate his enemies .
The Netherlands Personal union with England , Scotland and Ireland from 1689 to 1702 , with the stadtholder of most of the provinces of the Netherlands also serving as King of England , Scotland and Ireland .
The name Ithaca designates two governmental entities in the area , the Town of Ithaca and the City of Ithaca .
Most tellingly , von Meck asked Tchaikovsky , in her final letter , not to forget her .
It is located in the capital city , Bucharest .
Bleach is the debut album by the American grunge band Nirvana .
'' The Landscape of Parallel Computing Research : A View from Berkeley '' ( PDF ) .
About a quarter of the people work in the agricultural sector .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the key , with K1 from the first round being the lower sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits between each group of eight .
At any one time at the end of a stitch , there is only one loop left on the hook .
The CDC does not recommend the use of condoms between long-term monogamous discordant couples ( where one partner is positive and the other is negative ) .
Sir Richard Timothy '' Tim '' Hunt , FRS ( born 19 February , 1943 in Neston , Cheshire ) is an English biochemist .
h = teu55 fu55
Biography Early life Catherine Howard was the fourth child of Lord Edmund Howard and Joyce Culpeper .
Sizes 000 to 20 are most common .
It is separated from the island of Molokai by the Kalohi Channel to the north , and from Maui by the Auau Channel to the east .
The ukulele ( , from ; variantly spelled ukelele in the UK ) , sometimes abbreviated as the uke , is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute ; it is a subset of the guitar family of instruments , generally with four nylon or gut strings or four courses of strings .
Thompson set a new record by winning his fourth Vezina Trophy , which was his last victory . He was also named to the First All-Star team for the second time .
When Maxwell derives the electromagnetic wave equation in his 1865 paper , he uses equation D to cater for electromagnetic induction rather than Faraday 's law of induction which is used in modern textbooks .
Cameron University & ndash ; Lawton , Oklahoma
For the language , see M ori language .
It is suggested that articles be simplified using only the 1000 most common and basic words in English and fewer complex grammatical structures &#8212; such as shorter sentences &#8212; or to conform to a certain skill level in one of the standard indices .
A small and disorganized depression , it tracked northwest , and due to unfavorable conditions it remained below tropical storm intensity .
It was once thought that bees had two distinct recruitment dances - round dances and waggle dances - the former for indicating nearby targets and the latter for indicating distant targets , but it is now known that a round dance is simply a waggle dance with a very short waggle run ( see below ) .
Strasbourg becomes an Imperial Free City of the Holy Roman Empire .
In particular , a number expressed in the binary numeral system is odd if its last digit is 1 and even if its last digit is 0 .
Shortly after the marriage , the oldest of Neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old Dorus became known as Opa in Den Helder where he lived .
The most extreme can attain wind speeds of more than 300 mph ( 480 km\/h ) , stretch more than two miles ( 3 km ) across , and stay on the ground for dozens of miles ( more than 100 km ) .
Roupy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hence , this technique was proved to be inadequate to save the CPU time from waiting for the off-chip data .
When operating over UDP , the client sends a ( typically empty ) datagram to UDP port 37 .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children . Like any dog , dachshunds need a proper introduction at a young age .
His father was an aircraft parts inspector , and his mother was an employee of a telephone company .
Three years later , in South Africa during the Second Boer War , Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army ( the Siege of Mafeking ) .
The projection maps meridians to equally spaced vertical straight lines , and circles of latitude to evenly spread horizontal straight lines .
When the Northern Territory separated from South Australia , it retained Central Standard Time ; likewise , when the Australian Capital Territory was created , it retained Eastern Standard Time .
Qulpa becomes Khan of the Blue Horde after the death of Berdi Beg .
Even without the use of the Checkuser tool , or with a result of '' unrelated '' , an account that makes the same edits as a different blocked account , has the same linguistic peculiarities and the same general interests may remain blocked under the '' quacks like a duck '' test .
In 2009 , for the first time , also music by Josef Haydn was played ( 4th movement of the '' Farewell '' Symphony ; this was a homage to the composer -- the 200th anniversary of Haydn 's death is celebrated in that year ) .
Web browsers employ a built-in web cache , but some internet service providers or organizations also use a caching proxy server , which is a web cache that is shared among all users of that network .
Well known RISC families include DEC Alpha , AMD 29k , ARC , ARM , Atmel AVR , MIPS , PA-RISC , Power ( including PowerPC ) , SuperH , and SPARC .
Many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing articles .
The humanities are academic disciplines which study the human condition , using methods that are primarily analytic , critical , or speculative , as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural and social sciences .
One candidate met with success , Alfred Waterson , who became a Member of Parliament for the Kettering seat .
It is also useful to describe those countries whose monarchs are called something other than '' king '' or '' queen '' ; for example , the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a realm but not a kingdom since its monarch holds the title Grand Duke rather than King .
Some poorly implemented game ports ( usually built-in on old motherboards and I\/O cards ) did n't fully support either 4 axes or 4 buttons , making only the use of a single 2-axis and 2-button joystick possible .
Ear piercing - The most common type of body modification
Calcio Padova is an Italian football club , based in Padua , Veneto .
Zub is in the employ of Emperor Zub of the Zub galactic empire who has been tasked with retrieving the Green Eye of Zub .
Ballarat ( ) Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
It is soluble in water , and the solution dissolves many metals ( e.g. zinc , iron ) with liberation of hydrogen and formation of salts ( azides , formerly also called azoimides or hydrazoates ) .
Bill Bowerman was born in Portland , Oregon .
Her father taught her chess when she was nine and , in the year of her arrival in England at the age of fifteen , she won the British girls ' championship .
On the north side of Mediapolis is the Mediapolis Community School , an elementary , middle , and high school serving Mediapolis and a large rural area around Mediapolis .
Thomas Paine ( June 8 , 1809 ) was an author , pamphleteer , radical , inventor , intellectual , revolutionary , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Since the discovery of the Kuiper belt , the outermost parts of the Solar System are considered a distinct region consisting of the objects beyond Neptune .
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million ; it sold 3.7 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
The company became one of the leaders of the independent film boom of the 1990s .
Flora worked in various post offices in southern England .
Five singles were released from the album : '' Wannabe '' , '' Say You 'll Be There '' , '' 2 Become 1 '' , '' Who Do You Think You Are '' and '' Mama '' ; '' Who Do You Think You Are '' and '' Mama '' were released as a double A-side in the United Kingdom , Ireland and other countries .
Although the Stone is now kept in Scotland , in Edinburgh Castle , at future coronations it is intended that the Stone will be returned briefly to St Edward 's Chair for the moment of coronation .
Yosuke Nozawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Please see the for licensing information .
Reserved code elements are codes which have recently become obsolete , or are in use for some applications in conjunction with the official ISO 3166-1 codes .
Litters normally consist of 2 to 3 pups , but females may have up to 6 pups in a single litter .
It can involve such subjects as magic ( alternatively spelled and defined as magick ) , alchemy , extra-sensory perception , astrology , spiritualism and numerology .
Current status and distribution Many members of Afrotheria appear to be at high risk of extinction ; if the grouping is accurate , this would result in a particularly devastating loss of genetic and evolutionary diversity .
It occurs when the Sun is transitting the celestial meridian .
La Malmaison is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is the only glycogen storage disease with a defect in lysosomal metabolism , and the first glycogen storage disease to be identified , in 1932 .
Marconnelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Like other organs of the lymphatic system , some believe them to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections , but there is no conclusive evidence to that effect .
That Council of Chalcedon is one of the First seven Ecumenical Councils accepted by Eastern Orthodox , Catholic , and many Protestant Christian churches .
The banks then let people and and companies borrow the money .
Usually referred to as the dark page .
One billion to two billion years in the future , the steady increase in solar radiation caused by the helium build-up at the core of the Sun will result in the loss of the oceans and the cessation of continental drift .
In a chance encounter , the policeman who Thomas has had constant run-ins with sings a song to his baby daughter , the same song that Penny invented to sing to her son .
The current principal is B J Bentley .
Also debuting that day was Survivor Live , an hour-long Internet talk show hosted by the original Sole Survivor Richard Hatch and Entertainment Tonight correspondent Chris Booker .
Olfaction ( also known as olfactics ; adjectival form : '' olfactory '' ) is the sense of smell .
Island Records is a record label that was founded by Chris Blackwell in Jamaica .
Diffusion flux , the rate of movement of molecules across a unit area ( mol m 2 s 1 ) .
The support scheme was established in 1989 .
Marshall is well-known for proving that bacteria Helicobacter pylori are the cause of most stomach ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
An example of the union of mental and physical discipline is the breaking of boards , which requires both physical mastery of the technique and the concentration to focus one 's strength .
Al-Wahda ( ) is a football club based in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates .
Hurricane Nicole never directly affected land and no damage was reported in association with it .
This led to a theory of unity between subatomic particles and electromagnetic waves called wave -- particle duality in which particles and waves were neither one nor the other , but had certain properties of both .
The independent Republic of Czechoslovakia was formed in 1918 , following the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian empire after World War I/O. After the Munich Agreement , Polish and German occupation of Czechoslovakia and the consequent disillusion with the Western response and gratitude for the liberation of the major portion of Czechoslovakia by the Red Army , the Communist party won plurality ( 38 % ) Libri .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of the state , which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992\/93 .
'' Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' is the first episode of the animated television series South Park .
The domain was subsequently registered on January 16 through domain registrar Variomedia , and the current registrant tried to auction the right to use the domain .
Frankfurt am Main ( , ) , commonly known simply as Frankfurt , is the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany , with a 2009 population of 672,000 .
Bod ( ) is a commune in Romania in Bra ov County with 4085 inhabitants ( 1966 census ) .
Lilo & Stitch was released on VHS and DVD December 3 , 2002 .
Emperor Ping of Han marries Empress Wang ( Ping ) , daughter of Wang Mang , cementing his influence .
All of these waves , from the lowest-frequency radio waves to the highest-frequency gamma rays , are fundamentally the same , and they are all called electromagnetic radiation .
In computer networks , a proxy server is a server ( a computer system or an application program ) that acts as a go-between for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Disinfection did not become widely practiced until British surgeon Joseph Lister ` discovered ' antiseptics in 1865 in light of the work of Louis Pasteur .
The Giro was inspired by the Tour de France .
It is used in soups and stews , and in barley bread of various cultures , from Scotland to Africa .
The success of this marketing led to further development of the genre , including new teen idols such as Zac Efron , Miley Cyrus , The Jonas Brothers , Ashley Tisdale , Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez .
Single-Day Races and Classics
Discogs , short for discographies , is a website and database of information about audio recordings , including commercial releases , promotional releases , and bootleg or off-label releases .
The playing pieces are moved according to the roll of dice , and players win by removing all of their pieces from the board .
Theriodonts appeared almost the same time as the anomodonts , about 265 million years ago , in the Middle Permian .
Sibiu ( ; ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in the historical region Transylvania , with the capital city Sibiu .
In computer science , data validation is the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean , correct and useful data .
Time magazine 13 September 1976 Der Spiegel scandal Strauss was forced to step down as defence minister in 1962 in the wake of the Spiegel scandal .
Reading , Pennsylvania and Reading , Massachusetts are both named after Reading .
Henry Spencer Moore OM CH FBA ( 30 July 1898 - 31 August 1986 ) was an English sculptor and artist .
They found one in Yume Kojo : Doki Doki Panic ( Dream Factory : Heart-Pounding Panic ) , another Nintendo game developed by Miyamoto , which he had actually spent more time developing than The Lost Levels , which was released as Super Mario Bros. 2 in North America and Europe and later as Super Mario Bros. .
Richard Kieckhefer (/O1989/O) .
Shinobu Ikeda ( born January 5 , 1962 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
Her first novel was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Children of Bodom is a heavy metal band from Espoo , Finland , formed in 1993 .
The rapid weakening was from shearing , decaying eyewall and especially upwelled waters from the previous powerful storm , Hurricane Luis .
Hillary Diane Rodham was born at Edgewater Hospital in Chicago , Illinois .
Agents that act on the nervous system can paralyze in seconds or less , and include both biologically derived neurotoxins and so-called nerve gases , which may be synthesized for warfare or industry .
In July 2008 in Berlin , a 19-year old Russian mathematics student Nikolai Sazhin won the '' World Champion '' title in chess boxing by defeating Frank Stoldt .
This is why the head of a splitting maul has a much wider angle than that of an axe .
Bombylius major can be found in April to June throughout temperate Europe and North America and some parts of Asia .
Ashe County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Movia trains are on order for the London Underground ( designated S Stock ) , Toronto Subway ( designated Toronto Rocket ) , and Delhi Metro .
this is what the Lord , the God of Israel , says : ` The jar of flour will not be used up and the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the Lord gives rain on the land , '' illustrating that the demand of the covenant is not given without the promise of the covenant .
George Leake CMG ( posthumous ) QC ( 3 December 1856 & ndash ; 24 June 1902 ) was Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 , and again from 23 December 1901 until his death on 24 June 1902 .
The largest minority nationalities and ethnic groups in Poland are Silesians ( about 200,000 ) , Germans ( 152,897 according to the census , 92 % in Opole Voivodeship and Silesian Voivodeship ) , Belarusians ( c. 49,000 ) , Ukrainians ( c. 30,000 ) , Lithuanians , Russians , Roma , Jews , Lemkos , Slovaks , Czechs , and Lipka Tatars .
The Cape May area is home to many birding authors , including Dunne , Kerlinger , Pat and Clay Sutton , Michael O'Brien , Richard Crossley and Kevin Karlson .
Its sterilizing properties are another reason for inclusion of KMnO4 in a survival kit .
When Galerius finally began his withdrawal from Italy , it was only with great difficulty that he managed to stop his veterans deserting him .
While the stadium is used for sporting events , it is most famous as the site of massive performances and shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation .
He first visited the New World with the crew of Christopher Columbus 's second voyage in 1493 .
With the use of computers , the unit was the first to compile large amounts of cancer data .
The Common Desktop Environment ( CDE ) is a desktop environment for Unix and OpenVMS , based on the Motif widget toolkit .
Lenzburg and the neighbouring municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have grown together in an agglomeration .
It reflected Matisse 's incipient fascination with primitive art : the intense warm color of the figures against the cool blue-green background and the rhythmical succession of the dancing nudes convey the feelings of emotional liberation and hedonism .
Pulmonary venous hypertension typically presents with shortness of breath while lying flat or sleeping ( orthopnea or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea ) , while pulmonary arterial hypertension ( PAH ) typically does not .
The Short-tailed Shearwater or Slender-billed Shearwater ( Puffinus tenuirostris ) , also called Yolla or Moonbird , and commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia , is the most abundant seabird species in Australian waters , and is one of the few Australian native birds in which the chicks are commercially harvested .
Santa Catalina Island , often called Catalina Island , or just Catalina , is a rocky island off the coast of the U.S. state of California .
The date 1847 represents the year Brigham Young led the first Mormon pioneers into the state , while 1896 represents the year that Utah was admitted to the Union .
Cresciano is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
RPM may also refer to :
Vendelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ridgeway is a city in Winneshiek County , Iowa , United States .
Her second husband was Charles VIII of France , whom she married at Chateau Langeais on 6 December 1491 .
The Great Wall stretches from Shanhaiguan in the east , to Lop Nur in the west , along an arc that roughly delineates the southern edge of Inner Mongolia .
It will be replaced with Isaias in the 2014 season .
Another feature of the magazine is its coverage of underground and up-and-coming bands from all over the world .
Bonham Carter will be appearing alongside various big names such as Johnny Depp , Anne Hathaway , Christopher Lee and Alan Rickman .
Themes in YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth , so much so that the entire age category is sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming of age novels .
She also makes a big scene in front of all the campers when she realizes that Percy is alive .
Carrefour means '' crossroads '' in French .
The FDP polled a stunning 10 % of the votes , one of their best results ever .
Yoshi is also featured heavily in Mario merchandise ; he is the subject of toys , shirts , and figures .
Other STDs , even viral infections , can be prevented with the use of latex condoms as a barrier .
It was the first home they had ever owned .
Shortly before dying , Robert 's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry , New Hampshire ; and Robert worked the farm for nine years , while writing early in the mornings and producing many of the poems that would later become famous .
Another secret follower of Jesus and member of the Sanhedrin named Nicodemus brought about a hundred pound weight mixture of spices and helped wrap the body of Christ .
On playing Bach As of 1999 , Hahn has stated that she plays Bach more than any composer and that she has played solo Bach pieces every day since she was eight .
Saint Patrick 's Day The consumption of corned beef is associated with Saint Patrick 's Day , when many Irish Americans eat a traditional meal of corned beef and cabbage .
Noah exiles Mumble from the colony as a result of his strange ways and theories , but before Mumble leaves , he vows that he will find the real cause of the famine .
The stadium hosted the 1980 MLB All-Star Game , as well as games of the 1963 , 1965 , 1966 , 1974 , 1977 , 1978 , 1981 , and 1988 World Series .
The Leader of the Opposition in New Zealand is the politician who , at least in theory , commands the support of the non-government bloc of members in the New Zealand Parliament .
Although the building was in use from April 1891 , the official opening night was on May 5 , with a concert conducted by maestro Walter Damrosch and composer Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
A proxy that focuses on World Wide Web traffic is called a '' web proxy '' .
The tournament was initially going to finish with Men 's Singles final on September 12 , but was postponed due to rain on the last day and just before the men 's tournament final .
In an organized sports league , a season is the portion of one year in which regulated games of the sport are in session .
Except for the five species of monotremes ( which lay eggs ) , all mammal species give birth to live young .
The original Al Jazeera channel was started in 1 November 1996 by an emiri decree with a loan of 500 million Qatari riyals ( US$ 137 million ) from the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa .
Paris Hilton attended her freshman year of high school at the Marywood-Palm Valley School in Rancho Mirage , California from 1995-1996 .
A list of settlements is at List of places in Wiltshire .
It contains original interviews , album and gear reviews and guitar and bass tablature of approximately five songs each month .
A controversy exists about its name , with some wanting to call it the '' East Sea '' .
This sense is mediated by specialized sensory cells of the nasal cavity of vertebrates , and , by analogy , sensory cells of the antennae of invertebrates .
Grendel is usually depicted as a monster , though this is the subject of scholarly debate .
Born in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada , Mowers backstopped the Red Wings to the Stanley Cup in 1943 , shutting out the Boston Bruins twice in the four-game series .
On 1 January 2009 Hofen merged with Altdorf , SH , Bibern , SH , Opfertshofen and Thayngen to form the municipality of Thayngen .
In 1937 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 6th WWCh in Stockholm ( +14 -- 0 = 0 ) .
While '' parmigiana '' means '' from Parma '' ( in Northern Italy ) , the dish is not part of Parma cuisine .
Each player begins the game with eight pawns , one on each square of the second rank from the view of the player .
The Green Anjou has a pale green skin that does n't change color as the pear ripens .
The castle was also the place where the Jacobite Mackenzies became the first defeated clan who were forced to surrender and swear allegiance to the British Crown .
Echallens District is a district of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
The 1991 - 1993 eruption saw the town of Zafferana threatened by a lava flow , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres from the town 's margin .
Colonfay is a French commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
September 17 -- Conan III , Duke of Brittany ( b. 1070 )
Grameen Foundation , which has an A-rating from Charity Watch , not only provides microloans in the USA itself ( the only rich country where this is done ) , but also supports microfinance institutions worldwide with loan guarantees , training , and technology transfer .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,511 people , 1,184 households , and 819 families residing in the city .
Bergues-sur-Sambre is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Interstate H-2 ( abbreviated H-2 ) is an intrastate Interstate Highway located on the island of O ` ahu in Hawai ` i , USA .
Sexual conflict occurs when the two sexes have conflicting optimal fitness strategies concerning reproduction , leading to an evolutionary arms race between males and females .
Its county seat is Clarksdale .
Parsix GNU/Linux is a computer operating system available as a live CD that can also be installed on a hard disk .
As described by the owner of the schooner , Paul Mangold :
Punch Brothers released their first album , Punch , February 26 , 2008 on Nonesuch Records .
She also appeared in the Disney Channel Original Movies Minutemen and Starstruck .
For Epoch 2010 , it is the parallel of latitude that runs south of the Equator .
The majority of the Papuan languages are spoken on the island of New Guinea , with a number spoken in the Bismarck Archipelago , Bougainville Island , and the Solomon Islands to the east , and in Halmahera , Timor , and the Alor archipelago to the west .
Video poker is a single-player computer game that functions much like a slot machine ; most video poker machines play draw poker , where the player bets , a hand is dealt , and the player can discard and replace cards .
The kibibyte is a multiple of the unit byte for quantities of digital information .
Moulis-en-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ascorbic acid is one form ( vitamer ) of vitamin C , and was historically the first chemical compound to be synthesized , and identified , as vitamin C/O. The name is derived from a - ( meaning '' no '' ) and scorbutus ( scurvy ) , the disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C.
Kornberg was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
At age 14 , Rommel and a friend built a full-scale glider that was able to fly short distances .
Faction or factionalism can refer to : Political faction , a group of people connected by a shared belief or opinion within a larger group .
The standard was developed by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail ( see also : Regions of the European Union ) .
On November 22 the non-tropical low pressure system began to gain some tropical characteristics and its northward motion slowed to a stop .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet ( 204 m ) elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
At the age of 23 , he stepped in to take the leading tenor role in Matilde di Shabran when Bruce Ford became ill .
The beds are weeded and watered from the pathways , so the garden soil is never stepped on or compacted .
Rather , Brithenig started as a thought experiment to create a Romance language that might have evolved if Latin had displaced the native Celtic language as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain .
The District contained one town , Jacobabad and 390 villages , according to the 1872 census it has a population of 115,050 , in 1881 145,180 .
Johanna Barker Soprano A beautiful young girl , Todd 's daughter but now claimed by Judge Turpin as his own ward .
Hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional '' flash artists '' who produced prints of copyrighted flash and sold them at conventions or through the Internet . By the turn of the new century ( 2000 ) , most tattoo studios have become custom shops with the flash serving as more of a reference for ideas .
Kathmandu ( , ) is the capital and the largest metropolitan city of Nepal .
Edward III ( of Windsor ) ( 13 November 1312 - 21 June 1377 ) was one of the most successful English monarchs of the Middle Ages .
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla , North Carolina .
Turner Field is a stadium in Atlanta , Georgia , home to Major League Baseball 's Atlanta Braves since 1997 .
After a long exodus taking them to the Caucasus on to Crimea and later by sea to Constantinople and then Venice , the family finally settled in Paris in 1920 , where young Troyat was schooled and later earned a law degree .
Influence of other dialects is more significant in the vocabulary of standard Lithuanian .
In Formula One , a new DFV-based design was introduced for the new 3500 c normally-aspirated rules in 1987 .
Round , the Double Jeopardy !
AMEX was a mutual organization , owned by its members .
On 5 May 2008 , during the 30th anniversary celebrations of Ipswich Town 's 1978 FA Cup win , Robson was granted the Freedom of Ipswich by the Lady Mayor .
It is located in Lambeth , near the South Bank , in the London Borough of Lambeth , and in Travelcard Zone 1 .
The formal kimono was replaced by the more convenient Western clothes and Yukata as everyday wear .
Awards Mozilla Firefox has been given a number of awards by various organizations .
The death toll of Andrew was only 26 , largely due the well-executed evacuations . However , it caused a total of $ 26 billion in damage ( 1992 dollars ) , including $ 25 billion in Dade County ( now Miami-Dade County ) in Florida , $ 1 billion in Louisiana , and $ 250 million in the Bahamas , making it the second costliest hurricane in U.S. history , behind only Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
John Ernst Steinbeck , Jr. ( February 27 , 1902 - December 20 , 1968 ) was an American writer .
Southey 's elderly antagonist morphed into a pretty little girl called Goldilocks , and his three male bears became Father , Mother , and Baby Bear .
The abandonment of the citadels In 1659 , Louis XIV and the Philip IV of Spain signed the Treaty of the Pyrenees , sealed with the marriage of the Infanta Marie Therese to the French King .
On 1 December 2009 , Beijing police transferred Liu 's case to the procuratorate for investigation and processing ; on 10 December , the procuratorate formally indicted Liu on charges of '' inciting subversion of state power '' under and sent his lawyers , Shang Baojun and Ding Xikui , the indictment document .
An upper house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature , the other chamber being the lower house .
It reached Category 4 intensity on August 3 before weakening slightly and restrengthening .
They established a colony near Delhi in 1232 .
The city is noted for its Alpine setting .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,260 people , 1,384 households , and 863 families residing in the city .
The French-speaking population makes up a little bit more than two thirds of the total population .
The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Iran 17 k south-east of the city of Bushehr , between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf .
The University is organized into twelve undergraduate colleges , two professional schools , seven graduate schools , and an open university and distance learning program , which are all supervised by the Executive Vice President .
During the Middle Ages , most of the remainder of Europe was Christianized , with Christians also being a ( sometimes large ) religious minority in the Middle East , North Africa , and parts of India .
August 6 -- King Stephen V of Hungary
Year 1411 ( MCDXI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Over many years , heavy equipment has been installed in unsightly fenced-off sections at the ends of platforms owing to the lack of anywhere else to install them .
The expanding spongy tissue presses against a surrounding dense tissue ( tunica albuginea ) constricting these veins , preventing blood from leaving .
Filain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
and the term of protection available should be the minimum twenty years .
Stated in interview on Inside the Actors Studio , 2002 Gere has three sisters and a brother .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
Denver is the capital and the most populous city of Colorado .
Barnes Wallis , inventor of the ` Bouncing bomb ' lived for a time in Ripley and now has one of the town 's parks named after him .
Francisco Guerrero , the second and current incarnation of El Gato Negro , is Agustin 's grandson .
Today , they are widely used throughout East Asia .
Also , authorities had posted the handwriting from the brochure on billboards , which was historic as it was used for the first time in an attempt to find an unknown killer . This led to a tip from a former neighbor who was able to provide a copy of a work order that Chandler had written .
Steven Swann Jones identified the presence of magic as the feature by which fairy tales can be distinguished from other sorts of folktales .
Melville Island is a vast , uninhabited member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Canada with an area of .
Wiener is the founder of cybernetics , a field that formalizes the notion of feedback , with many implications for engineering , systems control , computer science , biology , philosophy , and the organization of society .
Fleeing the provincial atmosphere there , Fontane published articles in the Leipzig newspaper Die Eisenbahn and translated Shakespeare .
Hafnium is named Hafnia after the Latin name for '' Copenhagen '' , where it was discovered .
Classification and examples Venoms Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins .
Multiple lenses Some marine organisms bear more than one lens ; for instance the copeopod Pontella has three .
Dr. Rene Mayrhofer published Gibraltar Firewall in 1999 .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by R&B singer Rihanna , released on June 4 , 2007 in most European countries and on June 5 , 2007 in the United States .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tochigi S.C. .
Sir William Sterndale Bennett ( 13 April 1816 -- 1 February 1875 ) was an English composer and pianist .
He established his own workshop after a brief period as Neri di Bicci 's assistant ; the shop was renowned for its decorative works , a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli .
Soest is located along the Hellweg road , approximately 23 kilometres south-west of Lippstadt , roughly 50 kilometres east of Dortmund and roughly 50 kilometres west of Paderborn .
'' rock engravings '' , H. G. Wells , Outl .
Mud volcanoes are often associated with petroleum deposits and tectonic subduction zones and orogenic belts ; hydrocarbon gases are often erupted .
Thomas Idir a.k.a. Sinik ( born June 26 , 1980 ) is a French-language rap artist of Kabylian ethnicity .
However , many nations and organizations hoped to deliver assistance and relief to Burma without delay ; most of their officials , supplies and stores were waiting in Thailand and at the Yangon airport , as the Burmese junta declined to issue visas for many of those individuals .
Afghanistan is a landlocked nation in south-central Asia .
The British Rail Class 304 electric multiple units were built for suburban use on the first phases of the West Coast Main Line electrification between Crewe and Manchester\/Liverpool\/Rugby .
The defection of General Abdul Rashid Dostam and his Uzbek militia , in March 1992 , ultimately undermined Najibullah 's control of the state .
The modern name is taken from the nearby town of Bodman .
Mandelstam 's non-conformist , anti-establishment tendencies were not heavily disguised .
We have no direct sources of Mazdakism : none of their books have survived . Our knowledge is made up of brief mentions in Syriac , Persian , Arabic and Greek sources , and almost all of the information is written by opponents of Mazdakism .
Trucks and some cars use similar diesel fuel with a cetane number limit describing the ignition quality of the fuel .
A Only Beyoncé ( with Michelle Williams of Destiny 's Child as opening act ) at this date .
When she leaves , a marriage procession with Masetto and Zerlina enters .
The oldest manuscripts of Gregorian chants were written using a graphic notation which uses a repertoire of specific signs called neumes ; each neume designates a basic musical gesture ( see musical notation ) .
In relation to obstacles , he sequences tricks , mixes flip tricks with grinds and board slides . In the video , Mullen introduced two newly invented tricks , the Kickflip Underflip and the Casper slide .
Under this label , Fly to the Sky released their sixth studio album Transition after a year-long hiatus in January 2006 .
Popularity and legacy His works are particularly popular with youth and amateur orchestras , partly because of their playability , and also because of the accessibility of his unique style , which combines the musical elements of classical , jazz , popular and folk .
was the 16th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O16/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
It has over 500 locations , including over 150 non-traditional locations .
Most of the area falls within the Yorkshire Dales District National Park , created in 1954 , and now one of the twelve National parks of England and Wales .
In the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears .
Many fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and Gabrielle 's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to Lesbian News magazine in 2003 .
Henry quickly gained enough power and support to have himself declared King Henry IV , to imprison King Richard , who died in prison under mysterious circumstances , and to bypass Richard 's seven-year-old heir-presumptive , Edmund de Mortimer .
( transliterated Korean for Jeju Province , short form of Jeju Special Autonomous Province ) is the only special autonomous province of South Korea , situated on and coterminous with the country 's largest island .
The wind farm will be completed in two phases and will have a nameplate capacity of 750 MW total , making it one of the largest in the world .
La Calotterie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A territory ( from the word ` terra ' , meaning ` land ' ) is a defined area , including land and waters , considered to be a possession of a person , organization , institution , animal , state or country subdivision .
Fontet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Andrea del Verrocchio ( c. 1435 -- 1488 ) , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian sculptor , goldsmith and painter who worked at the court of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence .
It premiered on the Las Vegas radio station Mix 94.1 , and became an instant hit worldwide .
The town after which it is named -- Berwick-upon-Tweed -- was lost by Scotland to England in 1482 .
The generous Art/Craft/Science Lab and the senior classroom Winters building was opened in 1979 .
For instance , in the village of Innervillgraten , a majority of 95 % voted for Austria 's independence .
This protocol aims to establish a session key between two parties on a network , typically to protect further communication .
In Euclidean space , an object is convex if for every pair of points within the object , every point on the straight line segment that joins them is also within the object .
This First Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE when they sacked the city .
A B C D E F G A '
the ` New ' falling out of use leading to its current name .
Pulaski is a town in Pulaski County , Virginia , United States .
In cooler climates it is common to have heat pumps that are designed only to provide heating .
It was the follow-up to the band 's highly acclaimed reunion album Suffer .
Super Princess Peach marked the second time that Princess Peach was cast as the main heroine in a video game . In a role-reversal , Princess Peach had to save Mario and Luigi from King Bowser .
An illuminated manuscript is a manuscript in which the text is supplemented by the addition of decoration , such as decorated initials , borders ( marginalia ) and miniature illustrations .
Because of his many alleged vices , many Romans feared at this point that he would be another Nero .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honor of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala , in December and January in honor of the King .
Flagstaff is located at .
It borders Derbyshire to the east , the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham to the north , the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport to the south , and the City of Manchester to the west .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
A postage meter is a mechanical device used to create and apply physical evidence of postage ( or franking ) to mailed matter .
Screenwriter David Paterson is Katherine Paterson 's son , and the novel is based on parts of his childhood .
Villequier-Aumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Any editor may volunteer and assist with DYK , simply by contributing to the department operations .
; Print - Game Developer Magazine ; Online - Gamasutra The largest games trade magazine ( circ 35 000 ) , and its associated website .
Chubby Checker ( born Ernest Evans ; October 3 , 1941 ) is an American singer-songwriter .
It has gone top ten in places including the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia and on the Canadian Hot 100 .
Whittier is also popular with tourists , sport fishermen and hunters .
An important class are the simple acyclic alcohols , the general formula for which is CnH2n +1 OH .
They were first released for the Game Boy in Japan in 1996 and later released to North America in 1998 , and Europe and Australia in 1999 .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids ( in three dimensions ) and the regular polygons ( in two dimensions ) .
Ilulissat Icefjord The Ilulissat Icefjord ( Ilulissat Kangerlua ) runs west from the Greenland ice sheet to Disko Bay close to Ilulissat town .
They were probably a people of seafarers , the North Sea spanning from Britain to Eastern Denmark , was referred to as the Mare Frisia at that time .
Nigel John Dermot '' Sam '' Neill , DCNZM , OBE ( born 14 September 1947 ) is a New Zealand actor who was born in Northern Ireland .
Smoking is banned in all public places in Hong Kong .
When startled , these cucumbers may expel some of them through a tear in the wall of the cloaca in an autotomic process known as evisceration .
In Classical Greek myths she never consorts with a lover , earning the title Athena Parthenos ( '' Athena the virgin '' ) , hence the name of her most famous temple , the Parthenon , on the Acropolis in Athens .
The nature of the galaxy 's bar is also actively debated , with estimates for its half-length and orientation spanning from 1 t ( short or a long bar ) and 10 - 50 degrees .
In 2009 , Efron signed on to play title character in the movie Charlie St. Cloud .
At 7.5 cm ( 3 in ) and a weight under 3 grams , it is among the smallest of the hermits and smallest birds overall .
It was quickly replaced by the Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands .
Moreover , it is common in Japan to refer to any thin noodle as soba in contrast to udon which are thick noodles made from wheat .
History Siena , like other Tuscan hill towns , was first settled in the time of the Etruscans ( c. 900 BC to 400 BC ) when it was inhabited by a tribe called the Saina .
Gifhorn ( ) is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Originating in Neapolitan cuisine , the dish has become popular in many different parts of the world .
Paintsville is a city in Johnson County , Kentucky , United States .
Forest is a small town located near Sarnia , Ontario in Canada .
Catherine Parr ( Katherine , Kateryn or Katheryne ; 1512 - 5 September 1548 ) was Queen consort of England and Ireland and the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII of England .
Now expand by the same factor to get , and place it next to as before .
As a fine powder , toner can remain suspended in the air for some period , and is considered to have health effects comparable to inert dust .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern of the Netherlands , near the border with Germany .
Opeth signed with UK label Peaceville Records in Europe , which was distributed by Music For Nations .
He held the title Commander of the Faithful of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , which was officially recognized by Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .
NICs often receive support from international organizations such as the WTO and other internal support bodies .
was one of the Titans in the list given in Hesiod 's Theogony , a son of Uranus and Gaia .
The symbols grew increasingly complex as the number of objects grew , and , as they had to be drawn by hand , astronomers found some of them difficult .
Many of the town 's chimneys were destroyed , as well there was some significant damage to the post office and the Courtenay elementary school .
Adolf Hitler 's plan was to push the Allies forces back from the Ardennes , to recapture the port of Antwerp and to prove that Germany would not surrender .
The elected catholicos-patriarch was a native of Mesopotamia , a former Metropolitan of the Assyrian Church of the East in India from 1952 to 1968 based at Thrissur , India .
On October 2 , the Elektra ( call sign SIWB ) reported winds of 52 m while located about 170 m to the east of the storm 's center .
Winger is an American glam metal band formed in New York City that gained popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Mato Grosso do Sul literally means '' Southern Thick Forest '' , a name inherited from its northern neighbour state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until split in the 1970s .
These forecasts were widely-acclaimed for their simplicity , winning an award from the Royal Television Society in 1993 .
For a list of other U.S. states with similar geographic extensions , see Panhandle
The Platypus lays eggs in its nest .
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nemerteans collect food with their proboscis , which is closely associated with the digestive system , although it actually develops from the ectoderm on the outside of the animal .
Her most widely used quote is '' There is only one happiness in life , to love and be loved . ''
With the knowledge of cell biology and biochemistry increasing , the field of pharmacology has also changed substantially .
The flowers are complete , perfect with five narrow , triangular-pointed petals .
Kursi Aur Qanoon is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Masood Butt .
They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Finlay pulled him off , only to slam him back down onto Burchill again and again .
For permission to use it , one must contact the owner of the copyright of the text or illustration in question ; often , but not always , this will be the original author .
; Matt Cameron Active : 1986 - 1997 , 2010 - present Instruments : drums Release contributions : all Soundgarden releases from Screaming Life ( 1987 ) to Telephantasm ( 2010 ) By September 1986 , Matt Cameron had gained so much notoriety in the local Seattle music scene that he was chosen to play for Soundgarden , replacing drummer Scott Sundquist .
There she again outplayed Walker ( then of Ithaca , New York ) , with a score of 100 - 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
Currently 248 countries , territories , or areas of geographical interest are assigned official codes in ISO 3166-1 .
Few other writers of fiction have had such an impact on contemporary philosophy as Dick .
José Saramago was in his mid-fifties before he won international acclaim ; his publication of Baltasar and Blimunda brought him to the attention of an international readership .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
For reasons of public decency , women convicted of high treason were instead burnt at the stake .
In cryptography , a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers , named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM ( USA ) ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network .
Aslan 's voice was a contention point . Brian Cox was originally cast in the role on December 9 , 2004 , but Adamson changed his mind .
The U.S. Army 's Ballistic Research Laboratory ENIAC ( 1946 ) , which used decimal arithmetic and is sometimes called the first general purpose electronic computer ( since Konrad Zuse 's Z3 of 1941 used electromagnets instead of electronics ) .
Like viols , it has a flat back and intricately carved head at the top of the peg box , but unlike viols , the head occurs often with blindfolded eyes to represent love , and its sound-holes are commonly in the shape of a flaming sword ( suggesting a Middle Eastern influence in its development ) .
Prophetstown is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
The only other championship race for which this is true is the British Grand Prix .
This land was then given to Morcar , the King 's chief minister , and he was unusually given rights that were normally reserved for the King alone .
However , the 250 MB drive writes much more slowly to 100 MB disks than does the 100 MB drive , and it 's unable to perform a long ( i.e. , thorough ) format on a 100 MB disk .
The charter is preserved in the archives of the city 's Guildhall .
The roe is usually deep-fried , although other preparations such as mashed roe where the roe crushed along with oil , onion & pepper , or curry of roe can also be found .
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 and a specific gravity of 5.76 .
Reigning until the age of 93 , he was the oldest pope , and had the third longest pontificate , behind his immediate predecessor Pius IX and John Paul II .
The valley is one of the few areas in Alaska which supports agriculture .
The Britannica is the oldest English-language encyclopaedia still in print .
Investiture , from the Latin ( preposition in and verb vestire , ` dress ' from vestis ` robe ' ) is a rather general term for the formal installation of an incumbent ( heir , elect of nominee ) in public office , especially by taking possession of its insignia .
CM Punk defeated Shelton Benjamin , Chris Jericho , Carlito , Montel Vontavious Porter ( MVP ) , Mr. Kennedy and John Morrison in a Money in the Bank ladder match
The Lancia Lybra is a compact executive car produced by Italian Fiat Auto 's upscale marque Lancia between 1999 and 2006 .
The half-hour long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998 .
Post-canonical Pali also possesses a few loan-words from local languages where Pali was used ( e.g. Sri Lankans adding Sinhalese words to Pali ) .
When Burnham Exploration Company struck it rich in 1923 , the Burnhams moved to a mansion in a new housing development then known as Hollywoodland ( a name later shortened to '' Hollywood '' ) and took many trips around the world in high style .
He practices martial arts and trains with his master , Master Mantis .
The orchestra 's leader , Elias Breeskin , was also its conductor for the first few years .
As outsourcing gathers steam , computer science interest wanes Although statistics do not currently show a threat to software engineering itself ; a related career , computer programming does appear to have been affected.Com puter ProgrammersSoftware developer growth slows in North America InfoWorld News 2007-03-13 By Robert Mullins , IDG News Service Nevertheless , the ability to smartly leverage offshore and near-shore resources in an efficient fashion has improved the overall operational capability of many organizationsGartner Magic Quadrant .
The 1090s decade ran from January 1 , 1090 , to December 31 , 1099 of the 11th century .
Latin , however , superseded Etruscan completely , leaving only a few documents and a few loanwords in Latin e.g. , persona from Etruscan ersu , and some place-names , such as Roma .
It is the fifth largest city in the province with an estimated population of 374,371 ( 2008 ) .
Public toilets , public lavatories , or public conveniences are toilets that are accessible to the general public with common access from the street .
Among people with healthy circadian clocks , there is a continuum of chronotypes from '' larks '' , '' morning people '' , who prefer to sleep and wake early , to '' owls '' , '' evening people '' or '' night people '' , who prefer to sleep and wake at late times .
Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
A tennis match is composed of a number of sets .
Bernhard '' Barney '' Dreyfuss ( February 23 , 1865 -- February 5 , 1932 ) was a German-Jewish-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
The town is served by the daily Countrylink Xplorer service between Sydney and Moree .
It intersperses Gore 's exploration of data and predictions regarding climate change and its potential for disaster with his own life story .
This Brixton riot took place in Lambeth , South London , England , on 11 April 1981 .
Edward Bridge '' Ted '' Danson III ( born December 29 , 1947 ) is an American actor best known for his role as central character Sam Malone in the sitcom Cheers , and his role as Dr. John Becker on the series Becker .
The album contained uptempo electroclash songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s .
Corfu is occupied by the Genoese .
Sylvain Claude Wiltord ( born 10 May 1974 in Neuilly-sur-Marne ) is a French footballer who is currently a free agent .
Many studies have looked at what they eat , and how they live , but they are still having problems getting the potoroos to breed .
Many trucks and buses in Pakistan are highly customised and decorated by their owners .
Bradley M. Kuhn ( FSF Executive Director , 2001 -- 2005 ) launched the program and also signed up as the first Associate MemberKuhn has an FSF-generated member link that identifies him as the first member on his web page .
The team originated that year in Vancouver , British Columbia and relocated to Memphis in 2001 .
Examples of the use of this prefix in names of Python applications or libraries include Pygame , a binding of SDL to Python ( commonly used to create games ) ; PyS60 , an implementation for the Symbian Series 60 Operating System ; PyQt and PyGTK , which bind Qt and GTK , respectively , to Python ; and PyPy , a Python implementation written in Python .
Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
A main-belt asteroid , it was discovered by A. Massinger at Heidelberg on January 24 , 1914 .
Castelviel is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In equal temperament , each semitone is exactly 100 cents .
Emeric of Hungary ( b. 1174 )
It is the third-largest of the four schools , followed by approximately 15 % of Muslims , mostly in North Africa , West Africa , the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , and in some parts of Saudi Arabia .
The term '' patent troll '' was used as early as 1993 to describe companies that file aggressive patent lawsuits . The Patent Troll was originally depicted in '' The Patents Video '' which was released in 1994 and sold to corporations , universities and governmental entities .
One third of the city was reported to be underwater and over 1100 people took shelter at evacuation centres .
Most observers believe that Hearst appreciated Graham 's patriotism and appeals to youth and thought that Graham would be helpful in promoting Hearst 's conservative anti-communist views .
Brian Laudrup ( born 22 February 1969 ) is a Danish former football player and current football commentator , pundit and analyst on TV3 + .
Stylus ( favourable ) -- link
Saint-Omer Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in Saint-Omer .
The name comes from the fact that many of the original Polly Pocket dolls came in pocket-size cases .
The case dragged on for some years , with Mrs. Stoker demanding the destruction of the negative and all prints of the film .
Traditionally , the South West of England has been well known for producing Cheddar cheese , which originated in the Somerset village of Cheddar , for Devon cream teas , Cornish pasties , and for cider .
The Schools ' names and definitions have varied over the College 's history , but there have always been between three and five of them .
This is the only such cemetery in Australia , and also holds some of the dead from the WWII air raids on Darwin .
It is the most active volcano in Indonesia and has erupted regularly since 1548 .
He was the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , an inter-governmental organization under the auspices of the United Nations , from December 1997 to November 2009 .
Among Rotten Tomatoes ' Cream of the Crop , which consists of popular and notable critics from the top newspapers , websites , television , and radio programs , the film holds an overall approval rating of 88 % based on 33 reviews .
It is located on the Untersee of Lake Constance .
Records of seismic waves allow seismologists to map the interior of the Earth , and locate and measure the size of these different sources .
It includes all of the officially released software packages that are deemed most useful by the Zenwalk community .
McKim , Donald K. Westminster Dictionary of Theological Terms .
Though Athens was victorious , Cynegeirus died in the battle .
is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Omiya Ardija .
Their regular season began on the road on October 9 , 2008 , in Denver versus the Colorado Avalanche and concluded on April 12 , 2009 , against the New York Islanders .
Six actors depict different facets of Dylan 's life and public persona : Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Marcus Carl Franklin , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Ben Whishaw .
Vespasian becomes emperor .
Impressed with the manual method , Gallaudet studied teaching methodology under Sicard , learning sign language from Massieu and Clerc , who were both highly educated graduates of the school .
Naiad orbits about 23,500 km above Neptune 's cloud tops .
Stevens first began releasing his music on the Asthmatic Kitty label , which he formed with his stepfather , beginning with the 2000 release A Sun Came .
Reflections on longevity have usually gone beyond acknowledging the brevity of human life and have included thinking about methods to extend life .
Fontenais is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
In 1941 , American cavers organized themselves into the National Speleological Society ( NSS ) to advance the exploration , conservation , study , and understanding of caves in the United States .
Alba has also had asthma since she was a child .
The term cipher ( sometimes cypher ) is often used to refer to a pair of algorithms , one for encryption and one for decryption .
The lake is situated in Germany , Switzerland and Austria near the Alps .
Eisuke Nakanishi is a former Japanese football defender .
The Riksbank decided on 17 February 2010 , to recommend the parliament to allow it to issue a 2-krona coin and a 200-krona note , the latter a new denomination for the country .
His strike rate is amongst the highest in the history of both One-day and Test cricket and he currently holds the record for the second fastest century in Test match cricket .
- Ube esas la personi ?
As New Orleans is located on the Mississippi River Delta and parts of the city are below sea level , a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city .
Institut d'histoire du livre , 2004 .
The Space Shuttle , part of the Space Transportation System ( STS ) , is an American spacecraft operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) for orbital human spaceflight missions .
Queen Joan and her son , now James II escaped to the safety of Edinburgh Castle .
The biggest line reinstatment project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line .
It is very prestigious and selective .
Ramps , chutes and slides An inclined plane is a simple machine that does not move .
The nearest airport is Aberdeen Airport at Dyce .
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki 's film , Spirited Away , which was also distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .
The House of Commons is a democratically elected body , consisting of 308 members known as Members of Parliament ( MPs ) .
The document was made in 959 or 974 and shows the evolution of Latin to a Romance language by the Leonese words mixed with the Latin ones .
The remaining Alliance members ( with the exception of RVD who turned face ) would associate themselves with Vince , who immediately turned heel , against Austin , who immediately turned face .
The BASIC programming language ( 1964 ) made it easy for students to use computers .
The Vienna Symphony ( ) is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
The project is considered unique in terms of its technology , the political environment and the challenging physical climate .
His local cult began to grow from roughly the second dynasty , establishing Ra as a sun deity .
The band uses melodic instrumentals , synthesizers , and distorted guitars with female vocals , male death vocals , clean male vocals , a choir and violins .
Cheung never attended high school and has an elder half-sister Dai Pek-Chi , two younger brothers and also a younger half-brother from her father 's side .
In some sports , protective gear may be require to be worn , such as helmets or American football body armor .
The editor of the rival New York Sun attacked Pulitzer in print , calling him in 1890 '' The Tucker who abandoned his religion '' .
Seymour is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
Cristot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
is a video game published by Nintendo and developed by Left Field Productions .
Vendettas are generally abetted by a perceived or actual indifference on the part of local law enforcement .
Blairlogie is a village in Stirlingshire , Scotland , situated at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie . It was one of central Scotland 's earliest Conservation villages .
Recently , the volcano has created smaller landslides about every ten years .
Rozhdestvensky was born in Moscow .
The match ended 2 - 1 to England , courtesy of two own goals by Japan .
Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Despite this , the E46 Compact was not as successful as its predecessor .
His compositions include the operas Samuel Pepys and Pickwick , a piano concerto and a symphonic poem The Eagle , dedicated to the memory of his former teacher Arthur Nikisch , which was performed in Leeds in 1925 .
It is the largest hypermarket chain in the world in terms of size , and the second largest retail group in the world in terms of revenue and third largest in profit after Wal-Mart and Tesco .
In the Nath tradition , Dattatreya is recognized as an Avatar or incarnation of the Lord Shiva and as the Adi-Guru ( First Teacher ) of the Adinath Sampradaya of the Nathas .
It can be formulated as CoIICoIII2O4 or CoO .
Justin Randall Timberlake ( born January 31 , 1981 ) is an American pop musician .
The specific epithet commemorates Japanese cetologist Hideo Omura , thus a common name for the accepted species would be Omura 's Whale .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
Year 1391 ( MCCCXCI ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Natural enemies include predatory ladybirds , hoverfly larvae , parasitic wasps , aphid midge larvae , crab spiders , lacewings and entomopathogenic fungi like Lecanicillium lecanii and the Entomophthorales .
He has published six children 's books , including How Murray Saved Christmas , published by Penguin , and City of Hamburgers , published by Inkwater Press .
For other uses , see Over My Head '' Over My Head ( Cable Car ) '' ( originally performed as '' Cable Car '' ) is a song by Colorado-based pop rock band The Fray on their debut album How to Save a Life ( 2005 ) .
The church met in the temple structure for several years before demolishing a portion of the building in 1971 to make way for a larger building .
He is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the Moon .
However , should a group of Church of Satan members form a '' magic circle '' for purposes beyond basic social and ritual interaction , and should that circle remain healthy and active for a year and a day , the leader may apply to have it formalized as a Grotto and be chartered as Grotto Master .
Neil Andrew Mellor ( born 4 November 1982 in Sheffield , South Yorkshire ) is an English professional football player with Preston North End .
They are divided into two subclasses : Elasmobranchii ( sharks , rays and skates ) and Holocephali ( chimaera , sometimes called ghost sharks , which are sometimes separated into their own class ) .
The Silver Medal of Military Valor ( Italian language : Medaglia d'Argento al Valore Militare ) is an Italian medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert of Sardinia .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Nicola Berti ( born 14 April 1967 in Salsomaggiore Terme ) is an Italian former footballer whose career spanned three decades .
No Way Out (/O2009/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on February 15 , 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle , Washington .
The site is known as Mparntwe to its traditional inhabitants , the Arrernte , who have lived in the Central Australian desert in and around what is now Alice Springs for more than 50,000 years .
As the curtain drops , the two newlywed couples rejoice .
Air Jordan ( s ) , also simply as Jordans are a brand of shoes and athletic apparel produced by Nike originally designed for and endorsed by professional NBA basketball player Michael Jordan .
He has been awarded multiple honors .
Bowell was born in Rickinghall , Suffolk , England to John Bowell and Elizabeth Marshall .
Mondicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Emperor Go-Shirakawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Line or lines may refer to :
Habarcq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Besides that he produced more than 1,000 oil paintings that remained unsold up to his death in 1908 .
It is also referred to as temporal frequency .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy : succession to the British throne is hereditary , governed by the principle of male preference primogeniture , but excludes Roman Catholics or those who marry Roman Catholics .
Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film , produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson , Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon . It is the second installment in the Shrek film series and the sequel to 2001 's Shrek .
Subsequently , the final episode aired on 29 August 2010 .
The story begins in Autumn of 1916 , and follows an Irish immigrant named John Lawless ( Tommy Steele ) as he applies for a butler position with eccentric Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle ( Fred MacMurray ) .
Currently , the majority of the population , more than 75 percent , are Indians of mixed origins ( a significant percentage being followers of the Hindu and Muslim faith ) , with the rest from Africa and a minority of Chinese and Eurasian .
Another economic criterion is industrialization ; countries in which the tertiary and quaternary sectors of industry dominate would thus be described as developed .
Don Carlos is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi , also known as Don Carlo .
While all the players were standing on a pillar , in a typical endurance Immunity challenge , the players were told that they 'd be tempted with various rewards for hopping off voluntarily .
Crocy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Pornography may use any of a variety of media , ranging from printed literature , photos , sculpture , drawing , painting , animation , sound recording , film , video , or video game .
RFC 4162 : '' Addition of SEED Cipher Suites to Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) '' .
Highbury & Islington station is a National Rail , London Overground , and London Underground station in the London Borough of Islington in north London .
Homewood is a city in southeastern Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
Individuals who are deficient in leptin fail to initiate puberty . The levels of leptin increase with the onset of puberty , and then decline to adult levels when puberty is completed .
Cambes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Bathurst 1000 ( currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 ) is a 1000 k touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Founded in 1891 , the Symphony makes its home at Orchestra Hall in Chicago and plays a summer season at the Ravinia Festival .
Doubt , a status between belief and , involves uncertainty or distrust or lack of sureness of an alleged fact , an action , a motive , or a decision .
Heliocheilus julia ranges from central New Mexico west to eastern Arizona and south to Jalisco , Mexico .
The intermediate ( intercardinal , or ordinal ) directions are north-east ( NE ) , north-west ( NW ) , south-west ( SW ) , and south-east ( SE ) .
U.S. Route 25 is a north -- south United States highway that runs for 750 m from Brunswick , Georgia to the Ohio state line in Covington , Kentucky .
The territory became part of the Spanish Empire under the name of New Spain .
Its logo , a hollow potato named Sophia after the Gnostic deity , serves as a parody of Wikipedia 's globe logo .
Rebreuviette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC\/DC , released in March 1977 .
Stan Lee ( born Stanley Martin Lieber ; December 28 , 1922 ) is an American comic book writer , editor , actor , producer , publisher , television personality , and the former president and chairman of Marvel Comics .
Gameplay Round 1 At the back of the studio is the '' Golden Bank '' , a giant contraption like a lottery machine .
The actual colors shown differ , but many of the designs are based on the traditional scheme of red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo and violet , or some more modern division of the rainbow spectrum ( often excluding indigo , and sometimes including cyan instead ) .
Holothuroidea are generally scavengers , feeding on debris in the benthic zone of the ocean .
Born in Asan , Chungcheongnam-do , Yun graduated with an M.A. from the University of Edinburgh in 1930 .
Early 20th century to present Economic recovery in the early 20th century was brought about by the silk and textile industry .
This is to be understood not as an eschewal of the enjoyment of life , but a recognition that spiritual and religious goals are impeded by such indulgence .
Boy ( album ) , by U2
He throws again and must move the points of the dice with 2 of his pieces .
The Hunza valley is situated to the north of the Hunza River , at an elevation of around .
The county remains one of the oldest levels of government in China and significantly predates the establishment of provinces in the Yuan Dynasty ( 1279 & ndash ; 1368 ) .
Tabanac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He also made 20 appearances for England , scoring four goals .
Jane Bullard ( Jessica Alba ) enlists the support of Guru Maurice Pitka ( Mike Myers ) to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak .
An ardent admirer of Greece , Hadrian sought to make Athens the cultural capital of the empire and ordered the construction of many opulent temples in the city .
While disputed as historically accurate , one account stated that in order to placate American interests during the War of 1812 , a flag of the United States was raised over Kamehameha 's home only to be removed when British officers in the court of Kamehameha vehemently objected to it .
OpenPGP is on the Internet Standards Track and is under active development . The current specification is RFC 4880 ( November 2007 ) , the successor to RFC 2440 .
Albacete Balompié , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Albacete , in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Rats are bigger than most Old World mice , which are their relatives , but seldom weigh over 500 grams ( 1 lb ) in the wild .
As of 2008 , he has appeared in over 100 feature films , including '' Chemistry 3 '' , a unique cinema verite reality production featuring adult stars in candid scenes , ( winner of AVN 's Best Gonzo Release ) and '' Upload '' , an adult sci-fi thriller and winner of AVN 's Best Video Feature for 2008 .
Julius Caesar ( 100 & ndash ; 44 BC ) , Roman general and dictator
Roger S. Goodell ( born February 19 , 1959 ) is the Commissioner of the National Football League ( NFL ) , having been chosen to succeed the retiring Paul Tagliabue on August 8 , 2006 .
Nitrites of the alkali and alkaline earth metals can be synthesized by reacting a mixture of nitrogen monoxide ( NO ) and nitrogen dioxide ( NO2 ) with a corresponding metal hydroxide solution , as well as through the thermal decomposition of the corresponding nitrate .
The philosophy of science is concerned with the assumptions , foundations , methods and implications of science .
He was a master of the basse de viol , and the leading French composer of music for the instrument .
ir - the Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei 's official website , Accessed 2009-04-06 Citation in the sixth paragraph from his speech : '' In some American magazines and '' Newsweek '' - which I sometimes read ''
Though Ulong had an early lead , Ibrehem had difficulty in swimming , thus giving another win for Koror .
His mother , Annie née Nicholson , was 30 years younger than Alexander .
Fra Angelico was born Guido di Pietro at Rupecanina , in the Tuscan area of Mugello , near Fiesole towards the end of the 14th century and died in Rome in 1455 .
He has also starred in several Hollywood films , including ' , The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Little Miss Sunshine , Evan Almighty , Dan in Real Life , Get Smart , and Date Night ; and voiced characters in the animated films Over the Hedge , Horton Hears a Who !
When a cryptosystem is vulnerable to chosen-ciphertext attack , implementers must be careful to avoid situations in which an adversary might be able to decrypt chosen-ciphertexts ( i.e. , avoid providing a decryption oracle ) .
On February 8 , 2009 , Rihanna 's scheduled performance at the 2009 Grammy Awards was canceled . Reports later surfaced regarding an alleged altercation with then-boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , who was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats .
The family includes Datura ( Jimson weed ) , Mandragora ( mandrake ) , belladonna ( deadly nightshade ) , Capsicum ( paprika , chili pepper ) , Solanum ( potato , tomato , aubergine or eggplant ) , Nicotiana ( tobacco ) , and Petunia ( petunia ) .
These units are part of the Siemens Desiro family .
The cryosphere is an integral part of the global climate system with important linkages and feedbacks generated through its influence on surface energy and moisture fluxes , clouds , precipitation , hydrology , atmospheric and oceanic circulation .
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
Astronomical aberration is discovered by the astronomer James Bradley .
In 2005 its population was estimated to be 67,232 .
The feud between The Hardys ( Matt and Jeff ) and Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch began at Backlash .
One , known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro , while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil ' Bow Wow , Da Brat , and Jermaine Dupri .
In general , lobsters are 25 cm to 50 cm long ( 10 to 20 inches ) and move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor .
Biography Nevin was born in 1862 , at Vineacre , on the banks of the Ohio , a few miles from Pittsburgh .
They joined the Football League in 1900 , and have competed in it continuously since 1905 .
Found at 10 -- 200 metres depth ( with juveniles frequenting the shallower end of this range ) , Pinecone fishes are nocturnal and form schools .
Rubidium forms salts with halides , making rubidium fluoride , rubidium chloride , rubidium bromide and rubidium iodide .
No official forecasts were issued for the system ; however the Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre issued marine gale warnings for the storm .
The British Navy started giving sailors lime juice to prevent scurvy in 1795 .
Meanwhile , Christmas visits his girlfriend , Lacy ( Charisma Carpenter ) , whom he discovers has left him for another man , who is actually abusive towards Lacy .
was the primordial Titan who supported the heavens .
In 1119 it was absorbed into the Guidi counts possessions .
The government may do things such as :
In 2004 , 14 years after their last album , the band at last released The Art of Dying on Nuclear Blast records .
Bernot is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Clara Ann Fowler ( born November 8 , 1927 ) , known by her professional name Patti Page , is an American singer , one of the best-known female artists in traditional pop music .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Melbourne is ranked among the top 3 universities in Australia .
The first performance was in 1642 at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo , Venice .
The child prodigy began performing before audiences at age five , and performed for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Dwight D. Eisenhower when he was seven .
Saint-Andr é - Goule-d ` Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter , ( , named after the Greek mythological figure of Callisto , ) . It was discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei .
It was discovered in 1906 by August Kopff , and was the second Trojan to be discovered .
According to a 2006 issue of Metal Hammer magazine , they are the most successful British heavy metal band since Iron Maiden .
Danbury is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
It is bordered by Rhode Island and Connecticut to the south , New York to the west , and Vermont and New Hampshire to the north ; at its east lies the Atlantic Ocean .
The racial makeup of the county was 97.76 % White , 0.13 % Black or African American , 0.78 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.24 % from other races , and 0.88 % from two or more races .
Sixty three other trams built at Portswood 1908-31 Twelve trams built at Portswood in 1931 , known as the '' Pullmans '' .
While executing a loop near Chuuk , the tropical depression intensified into Tropical Storm Tip , though the storm failed to organize significantly due to the influence of Tropical Storm Roger .
The era of piracy in the Caribbean Sea began in the 16th century and died out in the 1720s after the navies of the nations of Western Europe with colonies in the Caribbean began combating pirates .
The Whig Party counted among its members such national political luminaries as Daniel Webster , William Henry Harrison , and their preeminent leader , Henry Clay of Kentucky .
He remained in office in 1761 , when Pitt ( by then created Earl of Chatham ) resigned upon the question of the war with Spain , and subsequently functioned as Leader of the House of Commons in the administration of Lord Bute .
It is built on igneous rock in a small enclave , sandwiched between steep cliffs that are unsuitable for building .
His father had hopes for him as a jockey , and just after his mother died , his father sent him to live with Basil Foster to train .
Other accounts , usually reported in the Thai\/Asian media , said that Chaiyo had gained the rights to those six shows everywhere outside Japan .
A bushfire is a fire that occurs in the bush ( collective term for scrub , woodland or grassland of Australia , New Zealand , New Caledonia ) .
An oligotroph is an organism that can live in an environment that offers very low levels of nutrients .
Chet wore the mask ( or half of it ) in Split Personality which was also his only appearance .
About 2.5 million speakers live outside present-day Hungary , but in areas that were part of the Kingdom of Hungary before the Treaty of Trianon (/O1920/O) .
He was one of the Busby Babes , the young United team formed under manager Matt Busby in the mid 1950s , and one of eight players who died as a result of the Munich air disaster .
Clarissa Harlowe '' Clara '' Barton ( December 25 , 1821 -- April 12 , 1912 ) was a pioneer American teacher , nurse , and humanitarian .
David Boris Pall ( 2 April 1914 - 21 September 2004 ) , founder of Pall Corporation , was the chemist who invented the Pall filter used in blood transfusions .
The airline was acquired by America West Airlines in 2005 , with the new airline retaining the US Airways name . The name choice was based on studies indicating that the US Airways name had better brand recognition worldwide than the America West name .
Described by Victor Hugo as a '' gigantic and delicate marvel '' , '' Prodige du gigantesque et du délicat '' .
Previously , the county had been a part of the Mississippi territory until 1817 when the area passed into the Alabama territory .
Monophysitism ( from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' ) , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
Early life Sorbo was born in Mound , Minnesota , where he attended Mound Westonka High School .
Gwar is a two-time Grammy Award-nominated shock rock band formed in Richmond , Virginia , in 1984 .
Assenay is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Lassalle himself , however , had other plans and got himself transferred to university , first in Breslau and afterwards in Berlin .
The sea is technically a part of the Atlantic Ocean , although it is usually identified as a completely separate body of water .
The Brentwood regatta is the largest high school rowing regatta in North America , attracting over 1500 athletes and 3000 spectators .
The cathedral has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with nearby Durham Castle , which faces it across Palace Green , high above the River Wear .
However , he had to miss the final four rounds of the season after breaking a collarbone during training , leaving him outside the championship top 10 .
Adventures in Odyssey ( AIO ) , or simply Odyssey , is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama\/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987 .
Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
According to the U.S. News & World Report , The Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , home to the Pulitzer Prize , ranks # 1 .
In this article ( O. S ) is used to annotate Julian dates with the year adjusted to 1 January .
Olimar is able to pluck new Pikmin from the ground at any time , and he can have up to six with him at once .
Topkap Palace is among those monuments belonging to the '' Historic Areas of Istanbul '' , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 , and is described in Criterion iv as '' the best example s of ensembles of palaces ... of the Ottoman period . ''
Garcilaso de la Vega ( c. 1501 - October 14 , 1536 ) was a Spanish soldier and poet .
St. Ignatius was Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and St. Evodius ( who died around AD 67 ) .
The Angels have been based in Angel Stadium of Anaheim since 1966 .
The franchise was poor to mediocre for most of its first 13 seasons , only making the playoffs once .
Titania is the largest of the moons of Uranus and the eighth largest moon in the Solar System .
wiki , accounts that are both more than four days old and have made at least 10 edits are considered autoconfirmed .
Historically , Malay has been written using various scripts .
Earth , Wind & Fire , Eric Burdon & War , Tower of Power , Average White Band , The Ohio Players , The Commodores , Kool & the Gang and Cameo , though many of these most famous bands in the genre also played disco and soul extensively .
Associazione Calcio Legnano was an Italian football club , based in Legnano , Lombardy , that was founded in 1913 .
The Province of Perugia is the larger of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy , comprising two-thirds of both the area and population of the region . Its capital is the city of Perugia .
As the most important divinity in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad ( consisting of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva ) in towns newly conquered by the Romans .
The focus of excavations has been at Pinnacle Point Cave 13B ( PP13B ) where the earliest evidence for the systematic exploitation of marine resources ( shellfish ) and symbolic behavior have been documented ( Marean et al. , 2007 ) and at Pinnacle Point Cave 5-6 , where the oldest evidence for the heat treatment of rock to make stone tools has been documented ( Brown et al. , 2009 ) .
The oldest ever verified military veteran is Emiliano Mercado del Toro of Puerto Rico ( 21 August 1891 -- 24 January 2007 ) who lived until he was 115 .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Daegu is served by Daegu Airport ( international\/domestic ) located in northeastern Daegu .
He was the author of many hymns , including '' Amazing Grace , '' and '' Glorious Things of Thee are Spoken . ''
What is body modification ?
January 29 & ndash ; WWII : The Battle of Cisterna takes place .
Some other grammatical numbers present in various languages include trial ( for three objects ) and paucal ( for a few objects ) .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is the entry in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions of Brazil ( whose ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code is BR ) .
Thus a string longer than 500 is always considered to be '' longer '' , even if it is compared with the '' correct '' length value .
In Duck Hunt , players utilize the Nintendo Zapper Light Gun that must be plugged into their NES consoles , and attempt to shoot down either ducks or clay pigeons in mid-flight .
Northvegr - Holy Language Lexicon Similarly , the Latin word codex , meaning a book in the modern sense ( bound and with separate leaves ) , originally meant '' block of wood . ''
Virtually all browser plugins for video are free of charge and cross-platform , including Adobe 's offering of Flash Video , which was first introduced with Flash version 6 . Flash Video has been a popular choice for websites due to the large installed user base and programmability of Flash .
He is also called James the Greater to distinguish him from James , son of Alphaeus , who is also known as James the Less .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1661 and 1683 .
The group includes the slowworms , glass lizards , and alligator lizards , among others .
In 1906 , Percival Lowell , a wealthy Bostonian who had founded the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona in 1894 , started an extensive project in search of a possible ninth planet , which he termed '' Planet X '' .
See Thomas F. Oltmanns , Robert E. Emery , & Steven Taylor , Abnormal Psychology , Canadian Edition , Prentice Hall , Toronto ,2002 , P. 713 .
Every place south of the Antarctic Circle experiences a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous daylight at least once per year , and a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous night time at least once per year .
, and later definitions of an ecumenical council appear to conform to this sole biblical Council , no Christian church calls it a mere ecumenical council , instead it is called the '' Apostolic Council '' or '' Council of Jerusalem '' .
The Voyager program is a series of U.S. unmanned space missions that consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes , Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 .
However , the number of generations only gives a maximum figure as not all cells survive in each generation .
Oyens is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
Stephen McClaren ( born 3 May 1961 ) is an English football manager and former player .
Asia In Korea , the Sambyeolcho Rebellion begins against the Goryeo Dynasty , a puppet government of the Mongol Empire .
Status of Q , W , X The Turkish alphabet has no Q , W or X. Instead , these are transliterated into Turkish as K , V , and KS , respectively .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the club generally floated between 4th , 5th and 6th position in the league , until they took the league title back in 1963 -- 64 .
HMS Malaya , a Queen Elizabeth class battleship of the Royal Navy Oxana Malaya ( born 1983 ) , a feral child that lived most of her life in the company of dogs , picking a number of their habits .
Norton Internet Security ( Windows versions ) is criticized for not uninstalling completely , leaving unnecessary files and registry entries .
GoboLinux An alternative distribution which redefines the file system hierarchy by installing everything belonging to one application in one folder under / Programs , and using symlinks from / System and its subfolders to point to the proper files .
History The area was inhabited by the Mpongwé tribe long before the French acquired the land in 1839 .
It was founded where the nascent Sydney to Melbourne road crossed water in the form of the Yass River .
In late 1990 , shortly after the band 's first nationwide tour , Sobrante left the East Bay area to attend college .
After defeating the Atlanta Falcons and the Carolina Panthers in the first two rounds of the NFC playoffs , the Cardinals defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship on January 18 , 2009 and advanced to the Super Bowl for the first time in franchise history to face the Pittsburgh Steelers , where Whisenhunt formerly occupied the post of offensive coordinator .
Albert '' Al '' Hirschfeld ( June 21 , 1903 - January 20 , 2003 ) was an American caricaturist best known for his simple black and white portraits of celebrities and Broadway stars .
Most real programs fall somewhere on a continuum between Task parallelism and Data parallelism .
Following the battle of Crete in the summer of 1941 , the Royal Navy regained its ascendancy in the central Mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks , ( Duisburg convoy , Cap Bon ) until the events surrounding the First Battle of Sirte and the Raid on Alexandria in December swung the balance of power in the Axis favor .
Gnome , a villain appearing in the Marvel Comics series Nightmask
The series is one of the most popular European comics of the 20th century , with translations published in more than 50 languages and more than 200 million copies of the books sold to date .
Meanwhile , the Duke threatens to Zidler that he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his .
Buzz Buzz is later killed by Pokey 's mom , who mistakes Buzz Buzz for a dung beetle .
Douglas Garven Alexander ( born 26 October 1967 ) is a British politician who is Secretary of State for International Development .
See Interstate 880 for the American freeway
Eminence ,
Loupiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
On the other hand , there are over 77,000 well-identified species of air-breathing chelicerates , and there may be about 500,000 unidentified species .
Grammar is a collection of the rules about how to speak and write well in a language .
He became favorite in the 1997 Tour de France .
He even had to mortgage his house to help finance the film 's production , which eventually ran up a total cost of $ 1,488,422.74 , a massive sum for a feature film in 1937 .
A rare exception is a case of Renal tubular acidosis purportedly caused by expired tetracycline .
Bedford is an independent city located within the confines of Bedford County in the U.S. state of Virginia .
It is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble .
However , since the 1980s , the state government has realized that tourism is a lucrative industry , and more money is being poured into the construction of tourist resorts , and restoring colonial buildings in major cities .
There are now , in the U.S. , 24,000 megawatts of wind generating capacity online , but there is '' a staggering 225,000 megawatts of '' planned wind farms '' ;
Sturt National Park was featured in British documentary called Planet Earth .
Harris co-wrote and produced two songs on Kylies ' X album ; ` In My Arms ' and ` Heart Beat Rock ' .
Baseball reaction Veeck had hoped that Delsing would go on to score in a one-run Browns victory , but he ended up stranded at third base and the Tigers went on to win the game 6 2 .
Garuda , a divine bird in Hindu and Buddhist mythology
Titled Being Gardner Dozois , it covered each published piece of fiction Dozois ever wrote .
Through the process of follicular miniaturization , hair shaft width is progressively decreased until scalp hair resembles fragile vellus hair or '' peach fuzz '' or else becomes non-existent .
East Midlands Trains provide a limited direct Summer service to London St Pancras along the Midland Main Line via Sheffield and Leicester .
In January 2009 , The Saturdays released their third single '' Issues '' .
He is often called the '' father of the atomic bomb '' for his role as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project , the World War II project that developed the first nuclear weapons .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS ( 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far under the ocean 's surface .
Early in his life he was a vagabond and petty criminal , but later took to writing .
Among these are student housing ; food service ; health , wellness and counseling ; activities , organizations and leadership development ; recreation and intramurals .
A colossal theater , able to contain nearly 10,000 spectators , has benches embedded in the flanks of the hill .
Another term sometimes applied to the same general region is '' the heartland '' . Other designations for the region have fallen into disuse , such as the '' Northwest '' or '' Old Northwest '' ( from '' Northwest Territory '' ) and '' Mid-America '' .
However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
Barsac is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne river in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
The Quad Cities also consists of neighboring Bettendorf and the Illinois cities of Moline , East Moline , and Rock Island and has a population of 379,690 .
The album was first released on 2 March 2011 through RCA Records ( Sony Music ) .
This is also called the period between the wars or interbellum .
Coincidentally , Johor is the most southern point of the Asian continental mainland .
Mark Twain composed the story in pen on notepaper between 1876 and 1883 .
Serial numbers are valuable in quality control , as once a defect is found in the production of a particular batch of product , the serial number will quickly identify which units are affected .
On December 12 , 2001 , Ryder was arrested on shoplifting charges in Beverly Hills , California .
By 1910 , the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year ( compared to their consumption of almost 5 billion litres of wine ) .
His work of this period , unlike earlier and later work , is politically neutral and resulted in stories such as The Secret of the Unicorn and Red Rackham 's Treasure ; but the apocalyptic The Shooting Star reflects the foreboding Hergé felt during this uncertain political period .
Despite the clerical origin of many of its authors , medieval Latin should not be confused with Ecclesiastical Latin .
Gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 , 1955 , was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey , who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique .
Verrocchio was born in Florence in 1435 to Michele di Francesco Cioni , who worked as a tile and brick maker and , later , as a tax collector .
Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .
Many students also commute to nearby Arizona State University in Tempe .
The Free State ( , ; before 1995 , the Orange Free State ) is a province of South Africa .
Associazione Calcio Nuova Valdagno is an Italian association football club located in Valdagno , Veneto .
Act of Union 1707 , Article 22 .
Especially , limescale
Maurizio Giuliano was born on 24 February 1975 , with a lawyer as a father and a housewife as a mother .
A pinhole camera 's shutter is usually manually operated because of the lengthy exposure times , and consists of a flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole .
To provide his citizens with wives , Romulus invited the neighboring tribes to a festival in Rome where he abducted the young women from amongst them ( known as The Rape of the Sabine Women ) .
Le Faulq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
FBI FOIA Reading Room Files of the '' Norjak '' D.B. Cooper Case D.B. Cooper Memorial At Find A Grave Check-Six .
The piece was a winner of the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art 's '' Awards in the Visual Arts '' competition , which is sponsored in part by the National Endowment for the Arts , a United States Government agency that offers support and funding for artistic projects .
Kilmarnock 's traditional industries were based around textiles and heavy engineering : e.g. locomotives ( Andrew Barclay and Sons ) from 1837 , and valves ( Glenfield and Kennedy ) , which are still in production .
He also appears frequently in the Star Wars '' Expanded Universe '' of novels , comic books , and video games , including a series of novels in which he is the protagonist .
Background The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman Vince McMahon on the May 26 , 2008 episode of Raw .
Wiley 's Well is also a highly popular rockhounding site , beginning in the 1930s with the discovery of geode beds .
Find the mean of the squared deviations .
Ununpentium ( ) is the temporary name of a synthetic superheavy element in the periodic table that has the temporary symbol Uup and has the atomic number 115 .
Carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly either glazed or topped with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts , usually chopped .
Analingus refers to oral stimulation of a person 's anus .
The planned Qatar -- Bahrain Friendship Bridge will link Bahrain to Qatar as the longest fixed link in the world .
On-screen , Guerrero responded to Bischoff 's actions by forming the Latino World Order ( LWO ) , which was a take-off of Bischoff 's New World Order .
He was the director of the Cavendish Laboratory , Cambridge , when the epochal discovery of the structure of DNA was made by James D. Watson and Francis Crick in February 1953 .
A half sibling that shares the same mother ( but different fathers ) is known as a uterine sibling , whereas one that shares the same father is known as an agnate sibling .
Actual use , or typical use effectiveness rates are of all condom users , including those who use condoms incorrectly or do not use condoms at every act of intercourse .
There is scholarly thought that man already had fire , and it was taken away by Zeus .
It was established in the 17th century as a trading post for the English East India Company , but later grew to encompass much of western and central India , as well as parts of post-partition Pakistan and the Arabian Peninsula .
Pricing of certain services ( Air Traffic Control , Landing fees etc )
Professor Tim Flannery ( born 28 January 1956 ) is an Australian mammalogist , palaeontologist , environmentalist and global warming activist .
Duval , the Reverend consents to her visiting Lady Howard 's home , Howard Grove , on an extended holiday .
Gosport is located at .
Yet others are burrowing animals , or ground-dwellers .
It is a musical portrait of Manon Gropius , depicting her as a carefree , young girl .
During World War I , Norway was a neutral country .
When he was a child his family moved to Vienna where Lorre attended school .
Scunthorpe United Football Club is an English association football team based in the town of Scunthorpe , North Lincolnshire .
Gavrus is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Musée d'Orsay ( ) is a museum in Paris , France , on the left bank of the Seine , housed in the former railway station , the Gare d'Orsay , an impressive Beaux-Arts edifice built between 1898 and 1900 .
Sheep Husbandry in Canada , p. 124 ( 1911 ) .
The opera tells how Leonore , disguised as a prison guard named '' Fidelio '' , rescues her husband Florestan from death in a political prison .
Rhinoceros horns are used in traditional Asian medicine , and for dagger handles in Yemen and Oman .
Call of Duty 3 is a World War II first-person shooter and the third installment in the Call of Duty video game series .
Benoit would soon gain control over Michaels when he applied his signature hold the Crippler Crossface .
The first part , the Mahatmya Khanda or section on the goddess is concerned with the origin , mantra and yantra of the goddess Tripura , also known as Lalita or Lalita Tripurasundari .
The folder is opened to access the matches , which are attached in a comb-like arrangement and must be torn away before use in contrast to a matchbox where the matches are loosely packed in the interior tray .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
Introduced to India by the Portuguese , the chili\/paprika from South America is today an integral part of Indian cuisine .
The documents showed that Mortensen filed for divorce from Gladys on March 5 , 1927 , and it was finalized on October 15 , 1928 .
Mellor dated former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin \/O/ Colossus : He can transform his skin into an organic steel , granting superhuman strength and a resistance to damage and temperature .
The '' East Beach Café '' is a building on Littlehampton Sea Front , West Sussex , UK created by Heatherwick .
During the dance , the women play a variety of games .
She was born in Monticello , near Charlottesville , Virginia and was named in honor of her mother and name of Martha Washington , wife of George Washington .
Gondwana began to break up in the mid-Jurassic ( about 167 million years ago ) , when East Gondwana , comprising Antarctica , Madagascar , India and Australia , began to separate from Africa .
Disagreement over what constitutes a religion , race , sexual preference , or ethnicity is not a legitimate excuse .
She married Abraham Van Buren on November 27 , 1838 , in Wedgefield .
Sarthe is a French department , named after the Sarthe River .
History Population The municipality had , in the last national census ( 2002 ) , a total population of 34,478 : 17,663 men and 16,815 women .
; Syntax : where the optional parameter N is the desired number of consecutive non-breaking spaces ( numeric , with a range of 1 to 15 ) .
Baker played the Piedmont Blues for ninety years , starting at the age of three when she could not even hold the guitar properly . She was taught by her father , Boone Reid , who was also a long time player of the Piedmont Blues on several instruments .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
During the 10th and 11th centuries , the cathedral clergy became more definitely organized , and were divided into two classes .
Townshend was ranked # 3 in Dave Marsh 's list of Best Guitarists in The New Book of Rock Lists , # 10 in Gibson.com 's list of the top fifty guitarists , and # 50 in Rolling Stone magazine 's 2003 list : 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
Raymond Roseliep ( August 11 , 1917 -- December 6 , 1983 ) was a poet and contemporary master of the English haiku and Catholic priest .
The average hurricane season has about two Cape Verde-type hurricanes , which are usually the most intense storms of the season because they often have plenty of warm open ocean over which to develop before encountering land .
UPN shut down on September 15 , 2006 , and merged with The WB to form The CW Television Network .
Dufay was to remain in Cambrai through the 1440s , and during this time he was also in the service of the Duke of Burgundy .
Construction started in 1937 , and was terminated by the German invasion in 1941 .
His published works in these fields date back to 1944 .
Viva la Vida was released to critical acclaim and commercial success .
Many thought their championship drought between 1918 and 2004 was caused by the '' Curse of the Bambino , '' said to have been caused by the trade of Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees in 1920 .
This makes it essential to focus critically on the most important part of the subject , as elements that are even a millimetre closer or farther from the focal plane might be noticeably blurry .
The information maintained by an archivist can be any form of media ( photographs , video or sound recordings , letters , documents , electronic records , etc. ) .
The French changed the spelling to bataillon , whereupon it directly entered into German .
He is the son of the former Conservative Cabinet minister Angus Maude .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
Aside from this , its ideology is similar to many Christian Identity groups , in the conviction that there is a Jewish conspiracy in control of the United States government , international banking , and the media .
Heart of Midlothian Football Club ( more commonly known as simply Hearts ) are a Scottish football club from Edinburgh who currently play in the Scottish Premier League .
A payment is usually made in exchange for the provision of goods , services or both , or to fulfill a legal obligation .
On 31 December 2010 , the EBU confirmed forty-three countries will be competing in the 2011 Contest .
A louver ( American English ) or louvre ( British English ) , from the French l'ouvert ; '' the open one '' ) is a window , blind or shutter with horizontal or , less often , vertical slats , that are angled to admit light and air , but to keep out rain , direct sunshine , and noise .
Robin 's egg blue is a color named after the bird 's eggs .
This characteristic distinguishes it from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis on freedom of movement and creativity .
It can also mean the conversion of a written source into another medium , as by scanning books and making digital versions .
If this loss is employed as useful heat , for industrial processes or district heating , the power plant is referred to as a cogeneration power plant or CHP ( combined heat-and-power ) plant .
It is not used to describe HTML webpages that are not part of the Internet .
The Associated Broadcasting Company ( TV5 ) is a television network in the Philippines , with main broadcast facilities and transmitter located at 762 Quirino Highway , San Bartolome , Novaliches , Quezon City .
In 1812 , Mohs became professor in Graz ; in 1818 , professor in Freiberg , Saxony ; in 1826 , professor in Vienna .
It was resurrected 10 years later and has been published regularly since then .
Ruislip , opened March 1 , 1910 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line October 23 , 1933 ( some trains terminate here in Monday-Friday peak hours ) .
Winter apples , picked in late autumn and stored just above freezing , have been an important food in Asia and Europe for millennia , as well as in Argentina and in the United States since the arrival of Europeans .
Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Tropical Storm Bret was a short-lived tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that made landfall in the Mexican state of Veracruz , the first of four during the season .
Today , there are approximately between 1.5 to 2.5 million believers in forty eight countries and six continents .
Beef & Tomato
Upon winning Idol , he was signed to Arista Records , under which his self-titled major label debut was released on December 12 , 2006 .
Instead of being a straight port from Super Mario Bros. with graphical changes , All Night Nippon Super Mario Bros. combined variations of levels from Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels and Super Mario Bros./O.
The north-western coast is largely rocky , with a few beaches , while the north-eastern coast has numerous small cays of its coast ( part of Sabana-Camaguey Archipelago ) , and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline .
The circulation closed off once again on the afternoon of August 5 south of Bermuda , and Colin was once again a tropical storm .
St Albans Cathedral ( formerly St Albans Abbey , officially The Cathedral and Abbey Church of St Alban ) is a Church of England Cathedral church at St Albans , England .
Fisher and Stahl asked Mandel to create a show based on Mandel 's stand-up comedy routines using the Bobby character .
It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls ( a girls ' school within the City ) and the co-educational City of London Freemen 's School ( a day and boarding school in Surrey ) .
Keane In 1995 he asked his friend Tim Rice-Oxley to form a band to play covers from U2 , Oasis and The Beatles .
A related notion is that of identity capital , developed by .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
Tarik Oulida ( born January 19 , 1974 in Amsterdam , Noord-Holland ) is a football midfielder from the Netherlands with Moroccan roots .
The political , scientific , and social fictional setting of Herbert 's novels and derivative works is known as the Dune universe , or Duniverse .
Also , in the 1801 and 1802 editions , Belinda almost marries Mr. Vincent , a rich West Indian Creole ; in the 1810 edition , Belinda only esteems him and never agrees to marry him .
Longuemare 's Sunangel ( Heliangelus clarisse ) is a species of hummingbird found in Venezuela and northeastern Colombia .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
The Moth (/O1997/O) ( TV )
Lt. General William H. Tunner , Jr. ( July 14 1906 - April 6 1983 ) was a American General in the United States Army Air Corps ( USAAF ) and later , the United States Air Force ( USAF ) .
The hurricane also wrecked 107 schools .
Hotot-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Town of Ithaca contains the Village of Cayuga Heights , a small incorporated upper-middle class suburb located to the northeast of the City of Ithaca . The City of Ithaca has a mayor-council government .
Josef Dieter '' Sepp '' Maier ( born 28 February 1944 ) is a German former professional football goalkeeper .
This flag for the city of Vincennes , Indiana , albeit somewhat unofficial , is used by several areas around the city .
The Dual Monarchy had existed for 51 years when it dissolved on October 31 , 1918 following military defeat in the First World War .
The following are common factors that influence lucid dreaming and techniques that people use to help achieve a lucid dream : Dream recall is the ability to remember dreams .
It became a symbol of the resistance to the English rule of British-occupied Indian Empire of the Republic of India , Pakistan , Bangladesh .
The group recorded and performed from 1965 to 1968 with a short reunion in 1971 , releasing five albums and 11 Top 40 hit singles .
After Khomeini gained power , skirmishes between Iraq and revolutionary Iran occurred for ten months over the sovereignty of the disputed Shatt al-Arab waterway , which divides the two countries .
It covers an approximate area of 2.5 million km ( 965,000 sq mi ) , but its connection to the Atlantic ( the Strait of Gibraltar ) is only wide .
New York Times , Section B , Page 9 Stebbins received his Ph. D. in botany from Harvard University in 1931 .
An IRC operator ( often abbreviated as IRCop or oper ) is a user on an Internet Relay Chat network who has privileged access .
Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound with the formula NaF .
Ceremonial Oath was a Swedish death metal band who formed in early 1989 under the name '' Desecrator '' and disbanded in 1995 .
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe of northern Pakistan .
Wolfgang-Felix Magath ( born 26 July 1953 ) is a former German football central midfielder and current manager of VFL Wolfsburg .
The journal was founded by William Phillips , Philip Rahv , and Sender Garlin .
The main branch of the Gupta dynasty ruled the Gupta Empire in India , from around 320 to 550 .
Jon Stewart ( born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz ; November 28 , 1962 ) is an American political satirist , writer , television host , actor , media critic and stand-up comedian .
Paterson was the first governor of New York to be partly blind .
Bob Jones University Museum and Gallery , a collection of religious art , is located on the campus of Bob Jones University .
The Asuka period , was a period in the history of Japan lasting from 538 to 710 ( or 592-645 ) , although its beginning could be said to overlap with the preceding Kofun period .
August 18 -- August 19 , 1977 : Hurricane Doreen dissipated off the coast of California .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is not entirely uncommon in keyboard music , as in the sonatas of Scriabin .
Give us this day our daily bread .
He destroys their raft and Geppetto almost drowns , only to be saved by Pinocchio who tries to swim him to the shore .
Presentation is the practice of showing and explaining the content of a topic to an audience or learner .
Often , stylized theatrical costumes can exaggerate some aspect of a character ; for example Harlequin and Pantaloon in the Commedia dell ` Arte .
The Acura brand has been used in the US , Canada , and Hong Kong since March 1986 to market Honda 's luxury and performance vehicles and near-performance vehicles .
In 1749 , Pope Benedict XIV endorsed as official Church policy the view that the Colosseum was a sacred site where early Christians had been martyred .
Richlawn is a city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
