Lovell was also the command module pilot of Apollo 8 , the first Apollo mission to enter lunar orbit .
In modern usage , snafu is sometimes used as an interjection . Snafu also sometimes refers to a bad situation , mistake , or cause of trouble .
Aguilera 's third studio album Back to Basics ( 2006 ) , included elements of soul , jazz , and blues music , and was released to positive critical reception .
Don DeLillo ( born November 20 , 1936 ) is an American author , playwright , and occasional essayist whose work paints a detailed portrait of American life in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The album was only released in Japan in 1992 where Hewitt became a pop star .
It was first observed in the decay of ununpentium .
The current Dean is Daniel Inouye of Hawaii .
The term spiny mouse refers to any species of rodent within the genus Acomys .
Released in 1980 , the first Volkswagen Caddy is a light pickup truck , and van based on the Volkswagen Group A1 platform , shared with the small family car Volkswagen Golf Mk1 .
Very simple programs can be created using the menu on the NXT Intelligent Brick .
'' Modernism '' , Grove Music Online , ed .
Manora and neighboring islands form a protective barrier between Karachi harbor to the north and the Arabian Sea to the south .
Stefanie Sun has sold over 10 million copies in Asia .
Several decades later , Wade Davis , a Harvard ethnobotanist , presented a pharmacological case for zombies in two books , The Serpent and the Rainbow ( 1985 ) and Passage of Darkness : The Ethnobiology of the Haitian Zombie ( 1988 ) .
The Gunnedah Colliery Company was registered in May 1899 and by 22 June a private railway some in length had been completed from the railway station to their mine .
The original five-page Articles contained a preamble , 13 articles , a conclusion , and a signatory section .
Clostridium perfringens ( formerly known as C. welchii ) is a Gram-positive , rod-shaped , anaerobic , spore-forming bacterium of the genus Clostridium .
In February 2004 , following a vote by fans , the West Stand was renamed the Colin Bell Stand in honor of the former player .
For example , the circle of radius 2 may be described as the set of all points whose coordinates x and y satisfy the equation x2 + y2 = 22 .
The species was tall , 1.8 m ( 6 ft ) on average , and more muscular than modern humans .
Blink-182 is an American pop punk band from Poway , California , formed in 1992 .
Often described as the '' backbone of England '' , .
Cardiff is built on reclaimed marshland on a bed of Triassic stones ; this reclaimed marshland stretches from Chepstow to the Ely Estuary , which is the natural boundary of Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan .
pl Official Comedy Central Poland website Germany ( Comedy Central Deutschland ) spiegel .
Chemiré-le-Gaudin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
On November 28 , 2004 , they became the parents of fraternal twins , daughter Hazel Patricia and son Phinnaeus '' Finn '' Walter .
He was elected to the National Academy of Science , was awarded the National Medal of Science , and was involved in the development of evolution-based science programs for California high schools , as well as the conservation of rare plants in that state .
It is headquarters of Chamber Taluka ( an administrative subdivision of the district ) .
The following list of 30 words gives an impression of what Brithenig looks like in comparison to nine other Romance languages including Wenedyk , and to Welsh .
All Cheerios shipped to the east coast of the United States are manufactured in the General Mills plant in Buffalo , New York .
Fossil evidence found in Germany in the 1980s was determined to be about 16.5 million years old , some 1.5 million years older than similar species from East Africa .
It consisted of the European founder countries of the OEEC plus the United States and Canada , with Japan joining three years later .
In the United States , sepsis is the second-leading cause of death in non-coronary ICU patients , and the tenth-most-common cause of death overall according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( the first being heart disease ) .
The term here refers to personal disposition , rather than connection with a historical movement .
Born in Rocky Mountain House , Alberta and raised in Caroline , Alberta , Browning is a four-time Canadian figure skating champion and four-time World Champion .
In 1922 the L&B was taken over by the Southern Railway , and eventually closed in September 1935 .
The iridescent nacre that lines the inside of the shell varies in color from silvery white , to pink , red and green-red , through to Haliotis iris , which shows predominantly deep blues , greens and purples .
He was awarded the medal by Governor-General of Australia , Quentin Bryce , in a ceremony in Canberra on 16 January 2009 .
Duncan is a city in Stephens County , Oklahoma , United States .
Jerry Hsu ( born December 17 , 1981 , in San Jose , California ) is a professional skateboarder .
The scorching light sears the Alamosaurus eyeballs , blinding them , but they do n't have to see it to know the asteroid 's hurtling towards Earth .
He played for Fujitsu .
In the late 1970s , Chrysler marketed the Dodge Ram Van in their lineup of '' Adult Toys '' , along with the Dodge Warlock , Dodge Lil ' Red Express Truck , and Dodge Macho Ramcharger and Dodge Macho Power Wagon .
The day after the birth of her fourth child , in January 1864 , Isabella contracted puerperal fever .
Hardy is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , United States .
When James T. Kirk ( William Shatner ) learns that Spock 's spirit , or katra , is held in the mind of Leonard McCoy ( DeForest Kelley ) , Kirk and company steal the Enterprise to return Spock 's body to his home planet .
Noisettes have toured Europe and the United States extensively , with the likes of TV on the Radio , Tom Vek , Babyshambles , Bloc Party and the Mystery Jets .
Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
television series and the live-action film , called Super Mario Bros. , based on the video game series brought Mario into the TV and film entertainment realms .
In 1999 , Russia opposed the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia for more than two months ( see Kosovo War ) , but later joined NATO peace-keeping forces in the Balkans in June 1999 .
A.J. Foyt , Al Unser and Rick Mears each won the Indianapolis 500 four times on the traditional oval , and Jeff Gordon has also won four times on the oval in the Brickyard 400 .
La Chapelle-Hermier is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The convention was developed and adopted by participating nations at a meeting in Ramsar on February 2 , 1971 , and came into force on December 21 , 1975 .
Kosuke Harada ( born December 21 , 1977 ) is a former Japanese football player .
China has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization .
At Koror , Coby constantly complained about the others being disfunctional , such as Janu 's drama , Jenn and Katie 's inactivity , and Tom 's machismo .
In 1991 , Masur succeeded Zubin Mehta as music director of the New York Philharmonic ( NYP ) .
After the show , fourth-place finisher Elisabeth Filarski went on to co-host The View .
Depending on the branch of service and the length of time the tent city has been in place , the living space may be equipped with most modern amenities .
In 1929 , when Smith learned of Gee 's affair with Gertrude Saunders , another performer , she ended the marriage , though she never sought a divorce .
As of 2000 , the population was 11,792 .
Originally named Warsaw , the band primarily consisted of Ian Curtis ( vocals and occasional guitar ) , Bernard Sumner ( guitar and keyboards ) , Peter Hook ( bass guitar and backing vocals ) and Stephen Morris ( drums and percussion ) .
Jersey City is the seat of Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
The official website of the Eurodistrict indicates a population of 868,014 , but this does not take into account the official figures for 2008 of the Ortenaukreis , which had a population of 417,613 on 31 December 2008 .
Konzum is part of the Agrokor company .
Art conservators do not consider an oil painting completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
Two of them ( '' And I Love Her '' and '' A Day in the Life '' ) are brief instrumental versions of songs that were originally written with lyrics , although '' And I Love Her '' is sung in a deleted scene .
However , this does not explain the width or aspect ratio .
These bodies such as Councils are composed of elected representatives ( known as either councilor or alderman depending on the State ) , usually serving on a part-time basis .
Ron Dennis CBE ( born June 1 , 1947 ) is the executive chairman of McLaren Automotive and 15 % owner of the McLaren Group .
Bruno Bauer ( September 6 , 1809 - April 13 , 1882 ) was a German nihilist , philosopher and historian .
, '' Hallelujah '' , was released on July 30 , 2007 , and is only available online and on UK television .
Neo receives a message from the Oracle and returns to the Matrix , meeting her . After realizing that the Oracle is part of the Matrix , Neo asks how he can trust her ; she replies that it is his decision .
Cnut becomes King of Norway Byzantine Empire November 12 -- Dying Emperor Constantine VIII of the Byzantine Empire marries his daughter Zoe of Byzantium to his chosen heir Romanus Argyrus .
Following the death of Louis I of Hungary and Poland : Louis ' daughter Mary becomes Queen of Hungary .
Porcupines are the third largest of the rodents , behind the capybara and the beaver .
Parasomnias : include any of a number of sleep-related events
The final lineup consisted of lead vocalist , guitarist and songwriter Ben Jorgensen , lead guitarist PJ DeCicco , bassist Anthony DiIonno and drummer Nash Breen .
Under the microscope , lymphocytes can be divided into large granular lymphocytes and small lymphocytes .
The first witch hails Macbeth as '' Thane of Glamis '' , the second as '' Thane of Cawdor '' , and the third proclaims that he shall '' be King hereafter '' .
In 1466 the Guild of Traders of Florence commissioned from Verrocchio a bronze group entitled Christ and St. Thomas for an external niche of the church of Orsanmichele .
The square root of 2 was the first number to be proved irrational and that article contains a number of proofs .
Despite being a villain for most of his career , he got over in and outside the ring .
All the Greatest Hits is an album from British band McFly .
Consisting of an egg patty , processed cheese slice , either bacon or sausage as the topper , and either biscuit or bagel to wrap it up , it has sold well .
The adjective '' Gondwanan '' is in common use in biogeography when referring to patterns of distribution of living organisms , typically when the organisms are restricted to two or more of the now-discontinuous regions that were once part of Gondwana , including the Antarctic flora .
Palm OS 5 ( not called 5.0 ) was unveiled by the Palm subsidiary PalmSource in June 2002PalmSource Ships Faster , More Powerful Palm OS 5 , PalmSource press release , June 10 , 2002 and first implemented on the Palm Tungsten T/ORGANIZATION. It is the first version released to support ARM devices , with support for DragonBall applications through the Palm Application Compatibility Environment ( PACE ) emulator .
He later joined Renault F1 in a similar role to the one he held at Lotus Racing , for the 2011 season .
The Australian organizing committee for the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games incorrectly minted the image of the Colosseum arena of Rome on all the medals awarded to Olympic medal winners .
Ford Motor Company eventually decided on the name '' Edsel '' , in honor of Edsel B. Ford , son of the company 's founder , Henry Ford .
Ridder Newspapers bought the Star-News in 1956 and Bernard J. Ridder took over as Publisher .
Indeed , although strains of cyanobacteria found in various cyanolichens are often closely related to one another , they differ from the most closely related free-living strains.Sciencemag.org The lichen association is a close symbiosis : It extends the ecological range of both partners and is obligatory for their growth and reproduction in natural environments .
This limits the number of pearls at a harvest period . The pearls are usually harvested after one year for akoya , 2 - 4 years for Tahitian and South Sea , and 2 - 7 years for freshwater .
Oblast is a type of administrative division in Slavic countries , including some countries of the former Soviet Union .
Parnell led the Irish Parliamentary Party as Member of Parliament ( MP ) through the period of Parliamentary nationalism in Ireland between 1875 and his death in 1891 .
Information posters on the new trains state that from early 2010 a new train will be introduced every two weeks .
Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Walker Percy ( May 28 , 1916 -- May 10 , 1990 ) was an American Southern author whose interests included philosophy and semiotics .
Two representative mathematical results describing such patterns are the law of large numbers and the central limit theorem .
From Eastern Ladakh Changthang stretches approximately 1600 km east into Tibet , as far as the state of Qinghai .
Takashi Kuwahara ( born May 5 , 1948 in Fujieda , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football coach and former football player .
The elder Smyslov gave his son a copy of Alexander Alekhine 's book My Best Games of Chess 1908 & ndash ; 1923 and the future world champion would later write that this book became his constant reference .
In 1919 he was a member of the Chinese delegation to the Paris Peace Conference , led by Foreign Minister Lou Tseng-Tsiang .
He became a member of the rock band '' Mefisto '' in 1963 where he played piano .
She leaft five daughters and a son to the care of her sister Elizabeth Branwell .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 447,000 copies .
Connectivity to the fixed network ( which may be of many different kinds ) is done through a base station or '' Radio Fixed Part '' to terminate the radio link , and a gateway to connect calls to the fixed network .
At the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the NFC , consisting of the four division champions ( by place standing ) and the two other teams ( '' wild cards '' ) with the best win-loss records .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Birth Hermes was born on Mount Cyllene in Arcadia .
Aberdour ( Gaelic : Obar Dobhair ) is a scenic and historic village on the south coast of Fife , Scotland .
John Scot Barrowman ( born 11 March 1967 ) is a Scottish-born British American singer , actor , dancer , musical performer and media personality , with dual citizenship in the UK and the US .
The dynasty and lands ruled by a sultan are called a sultanate ( ) .
The largest estuary in Europe , it is the only place in Russia where pelicans , flamingoes , and lotuses may be found .
Meximieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
-- )
The four largest moons , known as the '' Galilean moons '' , are Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter located on the north side of Pittsburgh .
Eragon becomes a Dragon Rider through his bond with Saphira .
Design and implementation One end of the device is fitted with a single male type-A USB connector .
These include a stress on a normally unstressed beat or a rest where one would normally be stressed .
King San sent messengers to the Song Dynasty at least twice in 421 and 425 .
He has written several books and contributes science essays to publications such as The New York Times and Discover .
Being sterile , the plant 's purple flowers fail to produce viable seeds ; reproduction depends on human assistance : corms , underground bulb-like starch-storing organs , must be dug up , broken apart , and replanted .
Cassatt grew up in an environment that viewed travel as integral to education ; she spent 5 years in Europe and visited many of the capitals , including London , Paris , and Berlin .
The Bolsheviks , led by Vladimir Lenin , pushed for socialist revolution .
SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources provided by modern processor architectures .
He then found work on a farm in Kelmscott , but in January 1865 a neighbor 's steer was killed and eaten , and Johns was accused of having done the deed .
In 1965 , he wrote the popular The James Bond Dossier under his own name .
The current mill is a well-preserved 19th-century woodworking factory .
This was the largest Baptist congregation in London at the time , although it had dwindled in numbers for several years .
The game was developed and published by Nintendo , and was released in 1984 in Japan .
Gellar also stars in Veronika Decides to Die (/O2009/O) .
album but was taken off after Stevie Wonder requested 10 % of the royalties as the chorus bore a similarity to his hit '' Uptight ( Everything 's Alright ) '' .
Leigh hoped to co-star with Olivier and made a screen test for Rebecca , which was to be directed by Alfred Hitchcock with Olivier in the leading role .
Emmett is a city in Gem County , Idaho , United States .
The mall was founded by the Ghermezian brothers , who emigrated from Iran in 1959 .
The significance of soft-bodied preservation , and the range of organisms he recognized as new to science , led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924 .
Anastasia had a weak muscle in her back and was prescribed twice-weekly massage .
The testicle ( from Latin testiculus , diminutive of testis , meaning '' witness '' virility , Blackwell Synergy plural testes ) is the male generative gland in animals .
Churchill 's role in defeating the Monmouth Rebellion in 1685 helped secure James on the throne , yet just three years later he abandoned his Catholic patron for the Protestant Dutchman , William of Orange .
However , KSpread has the ability to import in several spreadsheet formats , including Microsoft Excel , Applix Spreadsheet , Quattro Pro , CSV and OpenOffice.org Calc .
We can decompose the gravitational force into two vectors , one perpendicular to the plane and one parallel to the plane .
He formed the band Tool with Adam Jones shortly thereafter .
The term '' Middle Chinese '' , in contrast to Old Chinese and Modern Chinese , is usually used in the context of historical Chinese phonology , which seeks to reconstruct the pronunciation of Chinese used during these times .
Retrograde moons The Neptunian moons are listed here by orbital period , from shortest to longest .
Sacha Noam Baron Cohen ( born 13 October 1971 ) is a British comedian , actor , and writer .
The cost of living in Israel is high , with Tel Aviv being its most expensive city to live in .
The play takes place in one set ( the dining-room of the Birlings ' house ) , in real time .
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28 , 2008 .
McCormick was a professional footballer who started the 2003 -- 04 season at Plymouth Argyle as a backup for Romain Larrieu , but when Larrieu sustained an injury to his cruciate knee ligaments , he soon proved himself a competent replacement .
The track is named after Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer Ricardo Tormo .
The family accepts her as their newest member , much to Chance 's glee .
Chris Brown is the eponymous debut album by American R&B singer Chris Brown , released on November 29 , 2005 in the United States on Jive Records .
Amonasro declares that the Ethiopian king ( he himself ) has been slain in battle .
In the first episode , a university professor named Dr. Paradigm tested his gene-manipulation techniques on a marlin and a lobster .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 1986-01-03 , and was given the temporary designation S/1986 U 2 .
- Ta quan me tushas retroiras a la tero deube lu venis .
Invertebrate animals commonly called '' worms '' include annelids ( earthworms ) , nematodes ( roundworms ) , flatworms , marine polychaete worms ( bristle worms ) , marine nemertean worms ( '' bootlace worms '' ) , marine Chaetognatha ( arrow worms ) and insect larvae such as caterpillars , grubs , and maggots .
The Lady Byng Memorial Trophy has been awarded 85 times to 51 different players since it was first awarded in 1925 .
It is produced with high efficiency by reducing sodium chlorate in a strong acid solution with a suitable reducing agent such as methanol , hydrogen peroxide , hydrochloric acid or sulfur dioxide .
Czech and Slovak
For example , the PADI Open Water Diver ( the most basic rank ) course takes 5 dives in a swimming pool and 4 dives in open water ( i.e. sea , lake , etc. ) ; after the course the qualified diver is allowed to dive to .
The name '' PuTTY '' has no definitive meaning , though ` tty ' is the name for a terminal in the Unix tradition , usually held to be short for teletype .
Manzanillo is a city as well as its surrounding municipality in the Mexican state of Colima .
With 59,542,151 passengers [ ] in 2009 , LAX is the seventh busiest airport in the world and is served by direct flights to North America , Latin America , Europe , Asia , Oceania , and the Middle East .
Families often like to see the body once it has been removed from the machines and '' put to rest '' .
Kosovo is landlocked and borders Central Serbia north and eastward , the Republic of Macedonia to the south , Albania to the west and Montenegro to the northwest ( the latter three recognize it as independent ) .
Creative Commons licenses are several copyright licenses released on December 16 , 2002 by Creative Commons , a U.S. non-profit corporation founded in 2001 .
Under the overall administration of the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) , it was administered by the Reichssicherheitshauptamt ( RSHA ) ( '' Reich Main Security Office '' ) and was considered a sister organization of the Sicherheitsdienst ( SD ) ( '' security service '' ) and also a suboffice of the Sicherheitspolizei ( SIPO ) ( '' security police '' ) .
The term is usually associated with art in which the traditions of the past have been thrown aside in a spirit of experimentation .
Jacobitism was the political movement dedicated to the restoration of the Stuart kings to the thrones of England , Scotland , later the Kingdom of Great Britain , and the Kingdom of Ireland .
Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee .
The next day at school , Leslie compliments Jesse 's drawing ability after seeing his notebook , and they soon become best friends .
He is more serious in the film .
The '' castle clock '' , an astronomical clock invented by Al-Jazari in 1206 , is considered to be the earliest programmable analog computer .
Silverwing has been adapted into a successful 13 episode , animated television mini-series , shown on the Canadian cable channel Teletoon and currently being shown on Toon Disney 's Jetix .
Despite these criticisms , the Britannica retains its reputation as a reliable research tool .
However Debby remained over 900 mi ( 1,450 km ) from the island at its closest approach .
In philosophy , I started studying logic , and they were talking about cause and effect , and you start to realize , ` Hey , there is no cause and effect !
Chancellor Wang Anshi of Song Dynasty China creates a new bureau of the central government called the Directorate of Weapons , which supervises the manufacture of military armaments and ensures quality control .
Slovenia became an autonomous political entity after World War II , as a full-scale republic , the Socialist Republic of Slovenia , within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
He was educated at the Holy Ghost School and by a private tutor in Basingstoke before going to Oriel College , Oxford .
Catharina-Amalia , Hereditary Princess of Orange may become the first Dutch Princess of Orange in her own right once her father , Prince Willem-Alexander , is inaugurated King of the Netherlands .
Paul Bunyin is a mythical lumberjack in tall tales , whose origin originates either with an American newspaperman or with French Canadians .
Oliver & Company is a 1988 American animated film in which a homeless kitten named Oliver joins a gang of dogs to survive on the 1980s New York City streets .
She scored a big hit with her first release , a coupling of '' Gulf Coast Blues '' and '' Downhearted Blues '' , which its composer Alberta Hunter had already turned into a hit on the Paramount label .
Symphony X are an American power metal band from Middletown , New Jersey .
Clarence Leonidas Fender ( August 10 , 1909 & ndash ; March 21 , 1991 ) , also known as Leo Fender , was an American inventor who founded Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company , now known as Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , and later founded MusicMan and G&L Musical Products ( G&L Guitars ) .
Walter Edward '' Turk '' Broda ( May 15 , 1914 - October 17 , 1972 ) was a former ice hockey goaltender , playing his entire career for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The final album in the series is planned to be released in 2009 , titled Daybreak .
Comarnic ( ) is a town in Prahova County , Romania , with a population of 13,500 .
During her performance in Orlando July 24 , while walking down the stairs , Knowles ' heel got caught in her jacket and she tripped down a flight of stairs .
If is provided then can not have wikilinks .
Sometimes OVAs garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series , such as Tenchi Muyo !
Tekken 2 is the second installment in the popular Tekken fighting game series .
The song also appeared on the KCMU compilation tape , Bands That Will Make Money , which was distributed to record companies .
The Central African Republic national football team , nicknamed the Low-Ubangui Fawns , is the national team of the Central African Republic and is controlled by the Fédération Centrafricaine de Football .
It was first performed on 24 August 1907 , in the Queen 's Hall , London , conducted by the composer .
Sometimes the distinction is made between the great span ( thumb to little finger ) and little span ( index finger to little finger ) ( Jones 1971 : 228 ) .
These are common in those sports and games where each match must involve a small number of competitors : often precisely two , as in most team sports , racket sports and combat sports , many card games and board games , and many forms of competitive debating .
Its northern part is the de facto capital of the Serb enclave of North Kosovo .
The city has experienced several major fires .
The PHP License is a non-copyleft free software license according to the Free Software Foundation and an open source license according to the Open Source Initiative .
The needs of real-time software are often addressed in the context of real-time operating systems , and synchronous programming languages , which provide frameworks on which to build real-time application software .
Psycho Circus is the 18th studio album by the American band Kiss .
Interpersonal communication and public speaking have several components that embrace such things as motivational speaking , leadership\/personal development , business , customer service , large group communication , and mass communication .
Colonists built farms on the banks of St. Lawrence River and called themselves '' Canadiens '' or '' Habitants '' .
Nieuwe Kerk ( New Church ) , constructed between 1381 and 1496 .
Brighton Plantation , Maine
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Albirex Niigata .
Metz-en-Couture is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Elive can be used like any Live CD or installed to the hard drive to access its full features .
New Grove Dictionary , Leitmotif The term is notably associated with the operas of Richard Wagner , although he was not the originator of the concept .
As the United States Secretary of Commerce in the 1920s under Presidents Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge , he promoted government intervention under the rubric '' economic modernization '' .
The Triangle is one of the venues in the South East supporting the London 2012 Olympic Games , and will serve as a base and training center for teams from around the world .
Chelmsford is the county town of Essex , England , and the principal settlement of the borough of Chelmsford .
Physiology Echinoderms evolved from animals with bilateral symmetry ; although adult echinoderms possess radial symmetry , echinoderm larvae are ciliated , free-swimming organisms that organize in a bilaterally symmetric fashion that makes them look like embryonic chordates .
Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza ( also known as Ukerewe , The Eye of the Rhino , Nalubaale , Sango , or Lolwe ) is one of the African Great Lakes .
Then followed an unsuccessful round of voting with neither Steve Rodan , John Shimmin or David Cannan being elected .
A midquel film , The Fox and the Hound 2 , was released to DVD on December 12 , 2006 .
However , Jose de Acosta , a Spanish Jesuit missionary who lived in Peru and then Mexico in the later 16th century , described xocolatl as : Loathsome to such as are not acquainted with it , having a scum or froth that is very unpleasant taste .
Baum went on to write thirteen more novels based on the places and people of the Land of Oz .
The was started as a response to needs of English learners ( EAL students ) and English teachers .
The first known written reference to Japan is in the brief information given in Twenty-Four Histories , a collection of Chinese historical texts , in the 1st century AD .
Over the last century , the concept of valence evolved into a range of approaches for describing the chemical bond , including Lewis structures (/O1916/O) , valence bond theory (/O1927/O) , molecular orbitals (/O1928/O) , valence shell electron pair repulsion theory (/O1958/O) and all the advanced methods of quantum chemistry .
In 1815 Gerresheim was taken over by the Kingdom of Prussia .
The station and all trains serving it are operated by National Express East Anglia .
It was succeeded by Windows XP for desktop systems in October 2001 and Windows Server 2003 for servers in April 2003 .
Otto Klemperer became Music Director in 1933 , part of the large group of German emigrants fleeing Nazi Germany .
Sometimes the word '' blasphemy '' is used loosely to mean any profane language , for example : '' With much hammering and blasphemy , the locomotive 's replacement spring was finally fitted . ''
She informs the Volturi , as the existence of such beings violates vampire law . The Cullens gather vampire witnesses who can verify that Renesmee is not an immortal child .
Yes may refer to :
As emperor , Domitian strengthened the economy by revaluing the Roman coinage , expanded the border defenses of the empire , and initiated a massive building program to restore the damaged city of Rome .
One such advancement was ADAM , stem cells harvested from a previously unknown species of sea slug , which were discovered by Dr. Bridgette Tenenbaum to have the ability to regenerate damaged tissue and rewrite the human genome .
Snoop is best known as an MC in the West Coast hip hop scene , and for being one of Dr. Dre 's most notable protégés .
'' Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
A pact of non-aggression and friendship is signed between the Roman Empire , represented by Tiberius , and the German tribe the Cherusci , represented by their King Segimer .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
A reverse proxy is a proxy server that appears to clients to be an ordinary server .
The word casserole is also used for the food cooked and served in such a vessel , with the cookware itself called a casserole dish or casserole pan .
Baichung Bhutia ( born 15 December 1976 ) is an Indian footballer .
In particular , he repeatedly confirmed the supremacy of federal law over state law , and supported an expansive reading of the enumerated powers .
He is best known internationally for his participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 where he represented Greece with the song '' Shake It '' with a third place finish , as well as having hosted the 2006 contest in Athens .
He appeared in the Avatar : The Last Airbender video game as one of the four playable characters .
A factor that contributed to their extinction was the unfortunate flocking behavior that led them to return immediately to a location where some of the birds had just been killed .
Shenzhen ( ; ) is a city of sub-provincial administrative status in southern China 's Guangdong province , situated immediately north of Hong Kong .
Information The song Starfighter Pilot was later featured on the band 's debut album , Songs for Polarbears , and was later released as the fourth and final single from the album .
The Book of the Dead was most commonly written in hieroglyphic or hieratic script on a papyrus scroll , and often illustrated with vignettes depicting the deceased and their journey into the afterlife .
When they return to the mortal world , they send Clarisse on an airplane with the Fleece to camp . Percy , Annabeth , Grover , and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke .
By 1966 , when Thant was reappointed , all the big powers , in a unanimous vote of the Security Council , affirmed the importance of the secretary-generalship and his good offices , a clear tribute to Thant 's work .
Red Prophet won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1989 , was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988 , and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1989Hugo Awards 1989 .
The Mitsubishi Model A is the only car built by the Mitsubishi Shipbuilding Company , a member of the Mitsubishi keiretsu which would eventually evolve into Mitsubishi Motors , and the first series production automobile manufactured in Japan .
Through the night of the 10th and into Saturday 11th , the police brought a very strong force into the area .
Famous people Besides various royalty , other famous individuals associated with Coburg include Hans Berger ( graduated ) , William Frishmuth ( born ) , and Eduard Study ( born ) .
All songs written by Fiona Apple .
Khosrov III the Small ( , Khosrov III Kotak ; c. 330 -- 339 AD ) was the Arshakuni king Armenia . He was the son and successor of King Tiridates III and a member of the Arshakuni Dynasty .
Procoptodon rapha , P. pusio and P. texasensis Protemnodon a form of giant wallaby with 4 species .
Zoe Alleyne Washburne ( Gina Torres ) is second-in-command onboard Serenity , a loyal wartime friend of Captain Reynolds , and the wife of Wash. .
It is about 20 km North-North-West of Crookwell in the county of Georgiana .
As a freshman at Fitchburg State College , he had his first short story published when a college professor , Florence Conlon , sent one of his stories to The Sign , a national Catholic magazine , without his knowledge for $ 75 .
The Sci Fi Channel premiered its new Flash Gordon series in the United States on August 10 , 2007 .
A principality ( or princedom ) is a monarchical feudatory or sovereign state , ruled or reigned over by a monarch with the title of prince or princess , or ( in the widest sense ) a monarch with another title within the generic use of the term prince .
By 1968 , the PLO and Israel were committing cross border attacks against each other .
The state 's southern part is located in the Amazon rainforest , while the north has open grassland fields , and there is a small strip of savanna to the east .
Events By place Roman Empire Tacitus reports that the town and port of Nauportus has been plundered by a mutinous Roman legion that was sent there to build roads and bridges .
Some undemolished remains of one tower of the fort were discovered during excavation for the Métro ( rail mass-transit system ) in 1899 , and were moved to a park ( the Square Henri-Galli ) a few hundred meters away , where they are displayed today .
At some time in the 1870s , the brothers sold the area , including the dam , to a Chinese group who worked the site .
In 1992 , Lee landed the lead role of Eric Draven , in the movie adaptation of The Crow , a popular underground comic book .
Bouligneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Across Guam , damage was estimated at $ 500 million ( 1997 USD , $ 645 million 2007 USD ) .
He was married to Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray until his death from bowel cancer .
His mother , Charlotte Lesher ( 1926 -- 2007 ) , who survived him , encouraged an interest in music in both him and his brother Mitchell , ( Mickey Leigh ) .
The filmmakers removed many of the anarchist themes and drug references present in the original story and also altered the political message to what they believed would be more relevant to a 2006 audience .
Morenz died from complications of a broken leg , an injury he suffered in a game .
The Last Move : The 3rd musical presented by the school in 2005 .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia and the oldest in Victoria .
However Armenian gravestones take many other forms , and only a minority are khatchkars .
His best-known roles include voicing the animated cartoon cat Garfield , and Carlton the doorman on the CBS sitcom Rhoda .
Gene Simmons of rock band Kiss released his solo album under the name Asshole which also featured a song of the same name .
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz ( lead vocals ) , Ian D'Sa ( lead guitar and backing vocals ) , Jon Gallant ( bass guitar and backing vocalist ) and Aaron Solowoniuk ( drums and percussion ) .
De Valera 's forces occupied Boland 's Mill , Grand Canal Street in Dublin , his chief task being to cover the southeastern approaches to the city .
G.Patrick 's , Religion and Subaltern Agency , Chapter 5 , Page-119 According to the author , the book is the story of God coming in this age , the Kali Yukam or Iron Age , to rule the world by transforming it into the Dharma Yukam .
It is requested that all discussion take place at meta : talk : Privacy policy .
Licy-Clignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Bartonella rochalimae is a recently discovered strain of Gram-negative bacteria in the Bartonella genus , isolated by researchers at the University of California at San Francisco ( UCSF ) , Massachusetts General Hospital , and the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Although Havel has been quite popular throughout his career , his popularity abroad surpassed his popularity at home , and he was no stranger to controversy and criticism .
Blessed be the God and Father , The Wilderness and Ascribe unto the Lord are of considerable length , as is his Service in E . The popular short anthem Lead me Lord is an extract from Praise the Lord , O my soul .
Code-named the '' Atari 5100 '' ( a.k.a. '' Atari 5200 Jr. '' ) , only a few fully working prototype Atari 5100s were made before the project was canceled .
The Young Turk Revolution played a significant role in the evolution of Committee of Union and Progress from a revolutionary organization to a political party .
Instead , she competed in the 2005 - 2006 Junior Grand Prix and won both of her competitions in Bulgaria and Slovakia .
Madagascar , or Republic of Madagascar ( older name Malagasy Republic , French : ) , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean off the southeastern coast of Africa .
Grindel is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
A fundamental classification of biomes is into : Terrestrial ( land ) biomes Freshwater biomes Marine biomes Biomes are often known in English by local names .
Following Young 's divorce in 1961 , he and Mead were married .
Since the opening in 1982 , the Tsuen Wan Line is the only line whose alignment has virtually remained the same for the past 23 years . For example , the Kwun Tong Line 's alignment has changed twice since its opening - the taking over of Tsuen Wan Line from Mong Kok to Central , and the taking over of Eastern Harbour Crossing section by the Tseung Kwan O Line .
Brakel is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Rise Against signed onto Dreamworks Records in December 2003 and recorded their third album , Siren Song of the Counter Culture , in 2004 .
Crouay is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region in France .
Ferdinand died in 1516 in Madrigalejo , Extremadura .
Kinds of seeds There are a number of modifications to seeds by different groups of plants .
According to McCartney , on the night of the session an unusual man appeared at the gate of McCartney 's home and identified himself as Jesus Christ .
The traditional recipe , registered in 1982 by the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina , confines the ingredients to beef , pancetta , onions , carrots , celery , tomato paste , meat broth , white wine , and milk or cream .
Lennon and McCartney finished writing this song in mid-March 1967 , written specifically as Starr 's track for the album .
A previous edict of toleration had been recently issued by the emperor Galerius from Serdica and posted up at Nicomedia on 13 May 311 .
In 2003 , JR Central reported that the Shinkansen 's average arrival time was within six seconds of the scheduled time .
A cultural icon , he is commonly known simply as Elvis and is also sometimes referred to as The King of Rock 'n' Roll or The King .
Award recipients receive a statuette in the shape of a golden rooster , and are selected by a jury of film makers , film experts , and film historians .
It provides an authentication mechanism to devices wishing to attach to a LAN , either establishing a point-to-point connection or preventing it if authentication fails .
This province is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the West and North , the Pontevedra Province to the South and the Lugo Province to the East .
The name Heimskringla was first used in the 17th century , derived from the first two words of one of the manuscripts ( kringla heimsins - the circle of the world ) .
Whereas freeform dreadlocks can be created by simply refraining from combing one 's hair and occasionally separating matted sections , salon dreadlocks use one of a variety of established hairstyles or tool techniques to form the basis of the dreadlocks .
The earliest written mention of horai is in the Iliad where they appear as keepers of Zeus 's cloud gates .
The discography of American recording artist Ciara consists of three studio albums , one extended play , one DVD , and twenty singles , including seven as a featured artist .
A haboob ( Arabic ) is a type of intense sandstorm commonly observed in arid regions throughout the world .
Beautiful is an adjective used to describe things as possessing beauty .
Today , Darien is known as '' A Nice Place to Live '' . Darien in Illinois is pronounced with the accent on the first syllable ; Darien in Connecticut is pronounced with the accent on the last syllable .
The production of beta particles is termed beta decay .
It is also an official language of Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , an unofficial but widely spoken language in Ukraine and the de facto official language of the unrecognized country of Transnistria and partially recognized countries of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six .
It is believed to be connected to the Earth by the bridge Ama-no uki-hashi ( the '' Floating Bridge of Heaven '' ) .
It was discovered in 1908 by archaeologist Josef Szombathy at a paleolithic site near Willendorf , a village in Lower Austria near the city of Krems .
The Los Angeles Times is a daily newspaper published in Los Angeles , California since 1881 .
He co-founded Heptagon Records to distribute his own recordings and that of other musicians , such as guitarist Benny Jansson and bassist Magnus Rosén .
All the stores closed within weeks of the announcement .
Wet cell stand-by ( stationary ) batteries designed for deep discharge are commonly used in large backup power supplies for telephone and computer centers , grid energy storage , and off-grid household electric power systems Introduction to Deep Cycle Batteries in RE Systems .
In Estonian it is colloquially called the '' sinimustvalge '' ( literally '' blue-black-white '' ) , after the colours of the bands .
Formed in 1983 , Bon Jovi consists of lead singer and namesake ` Jon Bon Jovi ' ( John Francis Bongiovi , Jr. ) , guitarist Richie Sambora , keyboardist David Bryan , drummer Tico Torres as well as current bassist Hugh McDonald .
As there are 360 degrees in a circle , the meridian on the opposite side of the earth from Greenwich ( which forms the other half of a circle with the one through Greenwich ) is 180 longitude , and the others lie between 0 and 180 of West longitude in the Western Hemisphere ( west of Greenwich ) and between 0 and 180 of East longitude in the Eastern Hemisphere ( east of Greenwich ) .
San José ( '' Saint Joseph '' , , ) is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica .
Computer games publisher Her Interactive began publishing Nancy Drew computer games in 1998 .
Kaleva or Kalevi or Kalev and his sons are very important beings in Finnish , Karelian and Estonian mythology .
Coquainvilliers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Iranian women 's movement , involves Iranian women 's social movement for women 's rights .
It is elliptical in plan and is 189 meters ( 615 ft / 640 Roman feet ) long , and 156 meters ( 510 ft / 528 Roman feet ) wide , with a base area of .
Eastern religion is a term used to refer to religions originating in the Eastern world -- India , China , Japan and Southeast Asia -- and thus have dissimilarities with Western religions .
Researchers at the University of Illinois ( 2005 ) found yerba mate to be '' rich in phenolic constituents '' and to '' inhibit oral cancer cell proliferation '' while it promoted proliferation of oral cancer cell lines at certain concentrations .
I , p. 12 .
She is best known for playing Stella Malone on the Disney Channel sitcom Jonas ( now titled Jonas L.A. ) .
Track officials revised the 130R , redesigning it as a double-apex section , one with an 85 m radius , and then a second featuring a 340 m radius , leading to a much closer Casio Triangle ( chicane ) , with the chicane becoming a '' bus stop '' type for motorcycles .
The Early Christian purpose-built basilica was the cathedral basilica of the bishop , on the model of the semi-public secular basilicas , and its growth in size and importance signaled the gradual transfer of civic power into episcopal hands , underway in the fifth century .
A transcriptionist is a person who performs transcription .
'' Buffalo bison whom other Buffalo bison bully , themselves bully Buffalo bison '' .
Balsam Lake is a village in , and the county seat of , Polk County , Wisconsin , United States .
Polygamy ( from polys gamos , translated literally in Late Greek as '' often married '' ) is a form of marriage in which a person has more than one spouse at the same time , as opposed to monogamy in which a person has only one spouse at a time .
( At the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium , one sailing event had been held in Dutch waters because of water quality ) .
The following releases Unity and Soundchaser were met with enthusiastic response from critics and fans alike .
Scotland has its own heraldic authority in Lord Lyon King of Arms and the Court of the Lord Lyon .
Eastern Arizona College , Thatcher
Because a mother can not marry her son , Figaro is let off the hook .
The Pioneer program is a series of United States unmanned space missions that was designed for planetary exploration .
In an instant , she realized that this caterpillar larva was the source of the silk .
The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball team based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
In Western Europe , the rise of powerful monarchs , towns , and an improving economy weakened the manorial system through the 13th and 14th centuries , and serfdom was rare following the Renaissance .
Life Louis Durey was born in Paris the son of a local businessman .
It weakened to a depression late August 10 , but restrengthened back into a storm 24 hours later when it encountered a small area of warmer water .
May 23 -- Lothair of Saxony becomes Holy Roman Emperor on the death of Henry V.
This was due to the area 's geography ; simply building a spur off of the main line would have resulted in too steep a climb to the steel mill .
Letter frequency distributions are also used in frequency analysis to crack codes and are referred to the relative frequency of letters in different languages .
So he moved to Lutheran Saxe-Coburg-Gotha with is future 3rd wife Adele , where he lived the last 13 years of his life in Coburg .
In terms of history and techniques , the Southern Praying Mantis is more closely associated with fellow Hakka styles such as the Dragon ( ) '' Lung Ying Kuen or Bak Mei ( ) Similarities begin to become less pronounced in the Fujian family of styles that includes Fujian White Crane ( ) , Five Ancestors ( ) , and Wing Chun ( ) .
Most public companies now split the roles of chair and chief executive .
The Tang Chang ` an hence , was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi ` an , which was reconstructed upon the premise of the former imperial quarter of the Sui and Tang city .
In two years with the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL , he led the team in penalty minutes both years , but also posted respectable offensive totals , notching 54 and 51 points .
Most Paranthropus species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at Swartkrans .
a type of threaded rod
They contain some of the best-known Upper Paleolithic art .
Brissay-Choigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov ( , , Kiev & ndash ; March 10 , 1940 , Moscow ) was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century .
Kala went gold in Canada and the United States and silver in Great Britain , and the single '' Paper Planes '' became a North American top ten chart favorite in 2008 .
George Grenville ( 14 October 1712 -- 13 November 1770 ) was a British Whig statesman who rose to the position of Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Tortoise formation , a defensive formation employed in Ancient Roman warfare
In the last episode , with her trademark been her 113 cm long legs , she outpaced the other two finalists , Janina Schmidt and Christina Leibold , and was declared winner of the title '' Germany 's Next Topmodel '' .
Airsoft pellets , spherical plastic projectiles used in Airsoft guns
Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , (/O2004/O) Including the correct post town in the address increases the chances of a letter or parcel being delivered on time .
Cherry dropped out of school at 14 and moved to London , where she joined the punk rock band '' The Cherries '' .
Rodrigo , his first immature , but all-Italian opera , was produced in the Cocomero theater in Florence in 1707 .
The outer bark in older stems , includes the dead tissue on the surface of the stems , along with parts of the innermost periderm and all the tissues on the outer side of the periderm .
It is one of the most important cities on the island , with a very active port and many ecotourism attractions .
The character of the range is shaped by its geology and ecology .
Christopher Carlos Rios ( November 10 , 1971 -- February 7 , 2000 ) , better known by his stage name Big Pun ( short for Big Punisher ) , was a Puerto Rican rapper who emerged from the underground rap scene in The Bronx in the late 1990s .
Beatles for Sale was The Beatles ' fourth album in 21 months .
An episode is a part of a dramatic work such as a serial television or radio program .
RF transmission line
Howard Phillips '' H. P. '' Lovecraft ( August 20 , 1890 - March 15 , 1937 ) was an American author of horror , fantasy and science fiction , especially the subgenre known as weird fiction .
It topped the charts in many countries across the world including Australia , New Zealand , Ireland and the United Kingdom , making it the band 's most successful album to date .
She first joined WWE after winning the Raw Diva Search 2005 .
In 1957 , they co-founded Hanna-Barbera , which became the most successful television animation studio in the business , producing programs such as The Flintstones , The Huckleberry Hound Show , The Jetsons , Scooby-Doo , The Smurfs , and Yogi Bear .
Tushpa , the capital of Urartu , was located near the shores of Lake Van , on the site of what became medieval Van 's castle , west of present-day Van city .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
Some days into the action the miners organised the Clunes Miners ' Association and what were to become known as the Clunes Riots , successfully resisting the use of foreign labor as strikebreakers .
The most common forms of treacle are the pale syrup that is also known as golden syrup and the darker syrup that is usually referred to as dark treacle or black treacle .
It was the second film of Waheed Murad with Nisho , first being Mulaqat ( released during the same year ) .
A wit ( person ) is someone skilled in making witty remarks .
Jerry Hsu ( born December 17 , 1981 , in San Jose , California ) is a professional skateboarder .
Sweden has currently a population of 9.2 Mio ( 2008 census ) , and there are about 290,000 native speakers of Swedish in Finland , based on data from 2007 ) , leading to an estimate of about 9 to 10 Mio .
Bergendahl won Melodifestivalen 2010 with the song '' This Is My Life '' and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo .
On her Grand Slam debut Marjolein Buis won in three sets against Annick Sevenans to reach the semifinals .
During arousal , the glans becomes engorged with blood and retracts into the clitoral hood .
After a heated argument with his parents about his future , Max drops out of college and moves to New York City , accompanied by Jude .
Girls Aloud 's third single , '' Life Got Cold '' , charted at number three in August 2003 .
Chinese characters date back from over 5000 years .
Transit-oriented development
Ferruccio ( Dante Michelangelo Benvenuto ) Busoni ( April 1 , 1866 & ndash ; July 27 , 1924 ) was an Italian composer , pianist , editor , writer , piano and composition teacher , and conductor .
The company took over operation of the reorganised Wales and Border railway franchise from the company of the same name in December 2003 .
subdivision_name1 = Tulcea County
This forces consists of the state police Polizei Hamburg , the State Criminal Police Office ( German : Landeskriminalamt ) , the Criminal Investigation Services ( Kriminalpolizei ) , the Water Police ( Wasserschutzpolizei ) controlling traffic in the port of Hamburg , the Stand-by Police ( Bereitschaftspolizei ) , the Special Weapons and Tactics Unit ( Spezialeinsatzkommando ) and Mobile Surveillance Units ( Mobiles Einsatzkommando ) .
It is endemic to Japan .
Cheers earned a record 111 Emmy Award nominations , with a total of 26 wins .
Strasbourg becomes an Imperial Free City of the Holy Roman Empire .
On October 17 , Tip began to steadily weaken as its size reduced , and the next day it began recurving northeastward under the influence of a mid-level trough .
In November 1511 Ferdinand II and his son-in-law King Henry VIII of England signed the Treaty of Westminster , pledging mutual aid between the two against France .
Climate can be contrasted to weather , which is the present condition of these same elements and their variations over periods up to two weeks .
The Docklands Light Railway is an automated light metro or light rail system opened on 31 August 1987 to serve the redeveloped Docklands area of London .
Similar to a Battle Royal , a wrestler is eliminated when leaving the ring over the top rope , with both feet touching the floor .
Jet bundle
Based loosely on Steven Millhauser 's story '' Eisenheim the Illusionist '' , The Illusionist tells the story of Eisenheim ( Norton ) , a magician in turn-of-the-20th-century Vienna .
Richard III concludes Shakespeare 's first tetralogy ( also containing Henry VI parts 1 -- 3 ) .
General Motors ' global headquarters is the Renaissance Center located in Detroit , Michigan , United States .
In overview , the XSL attack relies on first analyzing the internals of a cipher and deriving a system of quadratic simultaneous equations .
A prominent landmark on Hong Kong Island , IFC consists of two skyscrapers , the IFC Mall , and the 55-story Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong .
In 1975 , he developed a Nabajug ( New Era ) Tebhaga Khamar ( three share farm ) which the government adopted as the Packaged Input Programme .
Floris is a city in Davis County , Iowa , United States .
A gated residential area called Seaview Apartments lies close to a section of Clifton beach known as Seaview beach or simply '' Seaview '' .
Between 1975 and 1989 he was music director of the Orchestre de Paris , where he conducted much contemporary music .
Inkscape is cross-platform and runs on Mac OS X ( typically under X11 , although the underlying GTK + toolkit can be compiled to run natively under Quartz ) , Unix-like operating systems , and Microsoft Windows .
The 1989 Hymnal has both the traditional version and the 1988 ecumenical version ( see below ) , which includes '' he descended to the dead . ''
Its president is Ray Young .
They kiss in the dining pavilion after Annabeth says , '' I am never going to make things easy for you , Seaweed Brain .
He earned his higher education at the College of William and Mary , and he was perhaps the first figure in the Harrison family to gain national attention .
The next month , Stefani left Los Angeles for London to visit boyfriend Gavin Rossdale , and the band traveled with her to finish recording '' Detective '' .
This means that anyone born from January 1 to January 25 , 1990 was actually born in the year of the snake rather than the year of the horse .
When Flocke was born at the Nuremberg Zoo in December 2007 under similar circumstances , Bild dubbed her Mrs. Knut , suggesting that the two German-born polar bears might become mates when they matured .
A transposing instrument is a musical instrument for which written notes are read at a pitch different from sounding note concert pitch , which a non-transposing instrument , such as a piano , would play .
In addition to being sold throughout the United Kingdom , Barr 's Irn-Bru is also available in many key markets throughout the world and can usually be purchased where there is a significant community of people from its native Scotland .
Fort Bragg is a city located in coastal Mendocino County , California along State Route 1 , the major north-south highway along the Pacific Coast .
Rubinstein also conducted and performed music of the nationalistic music group '' The Five '' to a much greater degree than his brother .
Music video The music video for '' She Will Be Loved '' features a young man ( played by lead singer Adam Levine ) who falls in love with the mother ( played by Kelly Preston ) of his girlfriend ( played by Corrine Carrey ) .
I have also called it love-force or soul-force .
The physical characteristics of sound that mediate the perception of timbre include spectrum and envelope . In psychoacoustics , timbre is also called tone quality and tone color .
An early report on '' The International Radio-Telegraphic Convention '' in the January 12 , 1907 Electrical World stated that '' Vessels in distress use the special signal , SOS , repeated at short intervals . ''
Following the signing in 1921 of the Anglo-Irish Treaty , which ended the War of Independence , a split occurred within the IRA .
The Shadow Cabinet ( also called the Shadow Front Bench ) is a senior group of opposition spokespeople in the Westminster system of government who together under the leadership of the Leader of the Opposition form an alternative cabinet to the government 's , whose members shadow or mark each individual member of the government . Members of a shadow cabinet are often but not always appointed to a Cabinet post if and when their party gets into government .
Current line-up
Population : 2,188 inhabitants ( as of 2004 ) .
These banana shoots produce fibers of varying degrees of softness , yielding yarns and textiles with differing qualities for specific uses .
Notes External links Academic article on Being a Systems Innovator on SSRN '' Communication on Innovation policy : updating the Union 's approach in the context of the Lisbon strategy '' -- The European Commission .
It is produced by volcanoes and in various industrial processes .
Like other opioids , such as oxycodone ( OxyContin , Percocet , Percodan ) , hydromorphone ( Dilaudid , Palladone ) , and diacetylmorphine ( heroin ) , morphine acts directly on the central nervous system ( CNS ) to relieve pain . Unlike the opioids , morphine is an opiate and a natural product .
The Green Eye of Zub was last located on the tenth planet and once the Eye is found , Zub has to return to the first planet to present the Eye of Zub to Emperor Zub .
Fetal screening has also been done to determine characteristics generally not considered birth defects .
It was a single district of Bangladesh until 1984 .
The Raw brand was represented by Randy Orton defending his WWE Championship .
RC4 has become part of some commonly-used encryption protocols and standards , including WEP and WPA for wireless cards and TLS .
In some countries , such as the United Kingdom , the road number has a letter followed by a number of up to 4 digits .
Counties are called earldoms in post-Celtic Britain , Ireland and France -- the term is from Old Norse jarl and was introduced by the Vikings -- but there is no correlation between counties and earldoms .
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species ( also known as the IUCN Red List or Red Data List ) , founded in 1948 , is the world 's most comprehensive inventory of the global conservation status of plant and animal species .
However , the mainstream is far from cohesive ; rather the concept is often considered a cultural construct .
Meanwhile , back in the country , Anne wonders why she has not heard from Tom .
The pan flute or pan pipe ( also known as panflute or panpipes ) is an ancient musical instrument based on the principle of the Closed tube , consisting usually of five or more pipes of gradually increasing length ( and , at times , girth ) .
Sports NHK broadcasts the six annual Grand Sumo tournaments , high-school baseball championships from Koshien Stadium , Olympic Games , National Sports Festival of Japan , and a range of other sports .
In correspondence with the governor-general 's office , Casley was inadvertently addressed as the '' Administrator of the Hutt River Province '' which , under the application of Royal Prerogative , makes this recognition binding on all courts .
His work with sea urchins showed that it was necessary to have all chromosomes present in order for proper embryonic development to take place .
In 2003 he created Puscifer as a side project , financing and releasing its first studio album in October 2007 .
An unsafe abortion is the termination of an unintended pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills , or in an environment lacking the minimal medical standards , or both .
The music to Beverly Hills Chihuahua was written by composer Heitor Pereira , who recorded the score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Bros. .
Other bands that have influenced Rise Against include Descendents , Dead Kennedys , Refused , Bad Religion , Social Distortion , and Anti-Flag .
See also Emirate of Sicily List of Shi'a Muslims dynasties Notes External links Fatimids entry in the Encyclopaedia of the Orient .
Prior to the 1930s , men were generally prohibited from baring their chests in public , even at beaches .
Naming God immediately , the hymn proceeds to name all those who praise and venerate God , from the hierarchy of heavenly creatures to those Christian faithful already in heaven to the Church spread throughout the world .
Adaptive radiations often occur as a result of an organism arising in an environment with unoccupied niches , such as a newly formed lake or isolated island chain .
Antiquity The Sea of Galilee lies on the ancient Via Maris which linked Egypt with the northern empires .
Anthony '' Tony '' Chimel ( born October 11 , 1967 ) is an American professional wrestling ring announcer , and the current ECW ring announcer .
However , this line-up was short lived and suffer multiple changes in the following months , with Ben Eubanks quitting after just one or two shows and being replaced by Joe Annaruma , who went on to record a few demos ( The first 4 tracks from Let There Be Gwar ) , and later quit to be replaced by guitarist Dave Brockie as the band 's vocalist ( See line-up for more information ) .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
American English ( variously abbreviated AmE , AE , AmEng , USEng , en-US , also known as United States English , or U.S. English ) is a set of dialects of the English language used mostly in the United States .
They lived in Epsom , Surrey where Henry was Clerk of Epsom Racecourse .
Jason Daniel Earles ( born April 26 , 1977 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Jackson Stewart on the television series Hannah Montana and his upcoming role as Sensei Rudy in upcoming new Disney XD series Kickin ' It .
For the song by Poe , see Lemon Meringue ( song ) .
The first official flag was adopted in December 1922 at the First Congress of Soviets of the USSR .
Chicane ( born 28 February 1971 , in Chalfont St Giles , Buckinghamshire ) is an Electronic Dance Music act , and the guise of British musician , composer and record producer Nicholas Bracegirdle .
Abdurrahman Wahid , born Abdurrahman Addakhil ( 7 September 1940 - 30 December 2009 ) , colloquially known as , was an Indonesian Muslim religious and political leader who served as the President of Indonesia from 1999 to 2001 .
Cheap Trick is an American rock band from Rockford , Illinois , formed in 1974 .
Hellfire Club revealed Edguy 's interest in experimenting within music by integrating an orchestra into the production .
For example the telephone number of where it is going .
If the reference material is water then a substance with a relative density ( or specific gravity ) less than 1 will float in water .
Ver-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
On a class trip to Springfield Gorge , Bart announces that on Saturday he will jump over the gorge .
The deliberate attempt to contact the spirit of a deceased person is known as necromancy , or in spiritism as a séance .
Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan .
They critique the novels of sensibility of the second half of the 18th century and are part of the transition to 19th-century realism .
Owls are variable-sized , typically night-specialized hunting birds .
These segments ended prematurely with the September 29 , 1997 episode of Raw , after the death of Brian Pillman on October 5 , 1997 due to hereditary heart problems .
Vautorte is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Whilst Red Bull have abandoned the Minardi name in line with their own sponsorship and marketing plans , the use of the Italian language in the name is intended to hint at the team 's Italian heritage .
August 13 & ndash ; Eleanor of Aragon , queen of John I of Castile ( b. 1358 )
There is no regular description of the Jordan in the Bible ; only scattered and indefinite references to it are given .
Each types breaks a different law of thermodynamics
Her mother then entered her in a Little Miss America Pageant where Chase won the national vocal competition .
The bridge , opened in 1964 , spans the Firth of Forth ; connecting the capital city Edinburgh , at South Queensferry , to Fife , at North Queensferry .
Towers Towers were an important feature of Romanesque churches and a great number of them are still standing .
The cuisine eventually changed with the advent of the Medieval age which ushered in a shedding of elitism with the age of shogun rule .
The Kirovabad pogrom was an Azeri-led pogrom that targeted Armenians living in the city of Kirovabad ( today called Ganja ) in Soviet Azerbaijan during November 1988 .
East Slavic , extant : Russian , Ukrainian , Rusyn ( a language or a dialect of Ukrainian ) , and Belarusian
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
Rabbits are small mammals in the family Leporidae of the order Lagomorpha , found in several parts of the world .
They may be amorphous or even insoluble in water .
A few butterflies are also plain-colored , like the Cabbage White butterfly .
In April 2002 WWE underwent a process which it called the '' Brand Extension '' .
Beowulf returns home and eventually becomes king of his own people .
Foucault was a member of the French Communist Party from 1950 to 1953 .
Candlemass are an influential Swedish doom metal band established in the 1980s by Leif Edling ( bass ) , their leader and songwriter .
Cryptosporidium parvum is one of several species that cause cryptosporidiosis , a parasitic disease of the mammalian intestinal tract .
Some microscopic charcoal was found , but it could have resulted from a natural brush fire .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in one year .
Sicko is a 2007 documentary film by American filmmaker Michael Moore .
For example , the logarithm of 1000 to base 10 is 3 , because 3 is the power to which ten must be raised to produce 1000 : 103 = 1000 , so log101000 = 3 .
In theory , a four-stroke engine has to be larger than a two-stroke engine to produce an equivalent amount of power . Two-stroke engines are becoming less common in developed countries these days , mainly due to manufacturer reluctance to invest in reducing two-stroke emissions .
This forces the king to move , because taking one attacker or blocking one attacker will not solve the problem .
Biblical importance Tanakh In the Bible the Jordan is referred to as the source of fertility to a large plain ( '' Kikkar ha-Yarden '' ) , and it is said to be like '' the garden of God '' ( Genesis ) .
Their name is derived from their original five members ( Zax Wang , Jason Hsu , Sam Wang , Rio Peng and band leader Tony Sun ) , working in six entertainment fields ( singing , movies and dramas , hosting , modelling , commercials , and dancing ) .
On March 24 , 2003 , Carpenter gave birth to a son named Donavan Charles Hardy .
She debuted in her early career as an R&B artist , but after her first single and album , she went on another record label to pursue a reggae inspired musical career .
The word wig is short for periwig and first appeared in the English language around 1675 .
One of the depressions and one of the storms crossed the dateline to become typhoons in the 1972 Pacific typhoon season .
Clubroom
Haumea , formal designation 136108 Haumea , is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt . It is the fourth-largest dwarf planet in the Solar System , one-third the mass of Pluto .
March 14 & ndash ; Five lionesses at the Singapore Zoo are put on birth control after the lion population increases from 2 to 16 .
His career began in the mid-1970s and since then he has appeared in major box-office successes including Jurassic Park ( two films ) , Independence Day , and The Fly .
This is a list of magicians , illusionists , mentalists , escapologists , and other practitioners of stage magic .
It features the singles '' Heaven Knows '' , '' Like the Angel '' , and '' Black Masks and Gasoline '' as well as a cover of Journey 's single , '' Any Way You Want It '' .
Samuel Adams ( -- October 2 , 1803 ) was a statesman , political philosopher , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
The time server may be a local network time server or an internet time server .
Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden , released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .
The county seat is Cumming , Georgia .
While integers are a subset of the rational numbers and real numbers , they are smaller set because they do n't have decimal points .
North Atlantic herring schools have been measured up to 4 cubic kilometers in size , containing an estimated 4 billion fish .
The 1946 British Cabinet Mission to India released a plan on May 16 , calling for a united Indian state comprising considerably autonomous provinces , and called for '' groups '' of provinces formed on the basis of religion . A second plan released on June 16 , called for the separation of India along religious lines , with princely states to choose between accession to the dominion of their choice or independence .
In computational physics , a numerical dissipation is also known as '' artificial dissipation '' or '' artificial diffusion '' or '' numerical diffusion '' .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
Furthermore , the conflict between Niobe and Leto is mentioned in one of Sappho 's poetic fragments ( '' Before they were mothers , Leto and Niobe had been the most devoted of friends . '' ) .
In classical logic , modus tollens ( or modus tollendo tollens ) Sanford , David Hawley .
In 1899 he married Jessie Walmisley , a fellow student of his at the RCM who left there in 1893 , despite her parents ' objection to his mixed race parentage .
The period comprises two phases , the 11th Dynasty , which ruled from Thebes and the 12th Dynasty onwards which was centred around el-Lisht .
In the Thirty Years ' War ( 1618-1648 ) the towns suffered plundering and destruction which led to a loss of power ; Potsdam became the new capital , and the court left the town of Brandenburg .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , KG , OM , CH , PC , FRS ( 3 January 1883 & ndash ; 8 October 1967 ) was a British Labour politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 , and as the Leader of the Labour Party from 1935 to 1955 .
The series stars Eliza Dushku , who worked with Whedon on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel .
Guitarist David Gilmour , Barrett 's replacement , later referred to those instrumentals as '' that psychedelic noodling stuff '' , and with Waters cited 1971 's Meddle as a turning-point towards what would be realized on the album .
Like viols , it has a flat back . Intricately carved head at the top of the peg box are common on both viols and viola d'amoures as well ( although some viols lack them ) .
In mathematics and abstract algebra , group theory studies the algebraic structures known as groups .
Some subjects that are discussed have criminal applications in some jurisdictions .
The metaphorical use of the word to refer to the worst place in a region ( e.g. , '' the arsehole of the world '' ) is first attested in print in 1865 ; the use to refer to a contemptible person is first attested in 1933 .
Pacific Grove is located between Point Pinos and Monterey , at an elevation of 151 feet ( 46 m ) .
In 1983 it was officially named after Atlas of Greek mythology , because it '' holds the rings on its shoulders '' like the Titan Atlas held the sky up above the Earth .
Amphitrite was discovered by Albert Marth on March 1 , 1854 , at the private South Villa Observatory in Regent 's Park , London .
Rome held the colony until 250 AD when they abandoned it to local rulers .
He was also the World Fischer Random Chess Champion in 2006 and 2007 , the World Rapid Chess Champion in 2009 , and is the current World Blitz Chess Champion .
Situated on the River Fergus , it lies north of Limerick and south of Galway .
Placido Domingo as Docho - Longhaired Chihuahua
It was purchased by ZDNet , a brand which was later purchased by CNET Networks . CBS Interactive , which purchased CNET Networks in 2008 , is the current owner of GameSpot .
The first edition of Francis Bacon 's Essays is published .
Velvet Revolver is an American hard rock supergroup consisting of former Guns N ' Roses members Slash , Duff McKagan , and Matt Sorum , alongside Dave Kushner formerly of punk band Wasted Youth .
Eudora is a city in Chicot County , Arkansas , United States of America .
Neptune is never visible to the naked eye , having a brightness between magnitudes +7.7 and +8.0 , which can be outshone by Jupiter 's Galilean moons , the dwarf planet Ceres and the asteroids 4 Vesta , 2 Pallas , 7 Iris , 3 Juno and 6 Hebe .
The second series Nog bij Moeder ( '' Still with mam '' ) , followed in 1904 .
Gorgosaurus ( , meaning '' fierce lizard '' ) is a genus of tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived in western North America during the Late Cretaceous Period , between about 76.5 and 75 million years ago .
The Royal College of Music is a leading conservatoire founded by Royal Charter in 1882 , located in South Kensington , London , England .
Sven Olof Joachim Palme ( 30 January 1927 - 28 February 1986 ) was a Swedish politician .
The new album is titled 21st Century Breakdown and was released worldwide on May 15 , 2009 .
She is trampled , never regains consciousness and dies a few days later .
Felben-Wellhausen is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Genus Cephalorhynchus
In November- December 2007 Shirov played in the Chess World Cup 2007 .
Lunisolar calendars may be regarded as solar calendars , although their dates additionally indicate the moon phase .
Open clusters become disrupted over time by the gravitational influence of giant molecular clouds as they move through the galaxy , but cluster members will continue to move in broadly the same direction through space even though they are no longer gravitationally bound ; they are then known as a stellar association , sometimes also referred to as a moving group .
It has strict rules on player amateurism and the pinnacle of the sport is the inter-county All-Ireland Football Final .
On a rather more serious note Andersen had a half-sister , Karen Marie , with whom he managed to speak on only a few occasions before her death .
The Province of Mantua is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
Gianni Rodari ( 23 October 1920 - 14 April 1980 ) was an Italian writer and journalist , most famous for his books for children .
The band continued to develop their vision of what the band would be , deciding to add a second guitarist , recruiting Josh Brainard and moving Colsefini to percussion along with lead vocals .
In the southwest , the Western Upland is a rugged landscape with a mix of forest and farmland , including many bluffs on the Mississippi River .
From the 16th century through the industrial revolution to the end of the 19th century mechanical power transmission was the norm .
For some companies , the date on the bottle or can will be the date that the beer was bottled ; others have the date by which the beer should be consumed .
Trains operate on the Swanage Railway between Swanage and Norden Park & Ride every weekend and Bank Holiday from mid-February to the end of the year , and every day of the week from April to October ; with Santa Special services in December .
It is the first Plain White T 's album to be released on Hollywood Records along with Fearless Records .
Knol is frequently criticized for featuring incomplete and inaccurate articles .
In the 21st century , the Republican Party has been defined by social conservatism , a preemptive war foreign policy intended to defeat terrorism and promote global democracy , a more powerful executive branch , supply-side economics , support for gun ownership , and deregulation .
IMI University Centre offers undergraduate , postgraduate and graduate programs , range from Certificate through to Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) .
For orbital spaceflights , spacecraft enter closed orbits around the Earth or around other celestial bodies .
Gabriela Robin is a pseudonym that Kanno occasionally uses when she performs vocals . For a long time , the fact that Robin and Kanno were the same person was an unproven rumor .
Anastas Hovhannesi Mikoyan ( ) ( - October 21 , 1978 ) was an Armenian Old Bolshevik and Soviet statesman during the Stalin and Khrushchev years .
Porpoises , divided into six species , live in all oceans , mostly near the shore .
After this time , the market for slide rules dwindled quickly as small scientific calculators became affordable .
Tech would remain an independent like Notre Dame and Penn State ( at the time ) during the final four years of Dodd 's coaching tenure .
The low level circulation detached itself from the diminishing convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward .
Tendons are similar to ligaments and fasciae as they are all made of collagen except that ligaments join one bone to another bone , and fasciae connect muscles to other muscles .
It was not until Robert Koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
Toy Story 2 was in the United States on November 24 , 1999 , in some parts of Australia on December 2 , 1999 and the United Kingdom on 11 February 2000 . Toy Story 2 was re-released in a double feature with Toy Story in Disney Digital 3-D on October 2 , 2009 .
Asia Dhaka , Bangladesh , is founded .
San Marcos is located on the Interstate 35 corridor , between Austin and San Antonio .
Mega Man Star Force , known in Japan as , is a Mega Man action role-playing video game published and developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Discovery Dactyl was found on by Galileo mission member Ann Harch , while examining delayed image downloads from the spacecraft .
Rigel , which is also known as Beta Orionis , is a B-type blue supergiant that is the sixth brightest star in the night sky .
This article refers to the British conductor Daniel Harding .
It was first published in 2006 by Knopf\/Anchor and tells the story of two sisters Olanna and Kainene during the Biafran War .
After his retirement from professional sports , he owned a successful restaurant in downtown Montreal .
The surfing group Jan and Dean even had a minor hit called '' Sidewalk Surfing '' in 1964 .
Pinnacle Point is a golf course complex near Mossel Bay , a town on the Southern coast of South Africa .
His individual contributions have earned him four consecutive UEFA Best European Goalkeeper awards , three IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper of the Year awards , the Golden Ball at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and two German Footballer of the Year trophies .
With Chamberlain remaining leader of the Conservative Party , and with many MPs still supporting him and distrusting the new Prime Minister , Churchill refrained from any purge of Chamberlain loyalists . Churchill wished Chamberlain to return to the Exchequer , which he declined , convinced that accepting would lead to difficulties with the Labor Party .
Like CSI : Crime Scene Investigation and CSI : Miami , CSI : NY has spawned a series of comic books and novels , and a video game based on the show .
World Championship Wrestling ( 1995-2000 ) Return to WCW ( 1995 ) Guerrero returned to WCW in late 1995 along with Dean Malenko and Chris Benoit with whom he had worked with in NJPW and ECW .
The Province of Rimini is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
By 1288 the Habsburgs , bit by bit , claimed all the abbey 's rights .
Jerry O'Neil Lawler ( born November 29 , 1949 ) is an American professional wrestler , wrestling commentator , musician , and film actor , known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry '' The King '' Lawler .
He graduated from the Mississippi State University in 1977 , receiving a BS degree in accounting .
As a consequence , in the city most street-and traffic-signs are written in both Hungarian and German .
Many chytrids are aquatic ( mostly found in fresh water ) .
His childhood home is located in the unincorporated village of Farmersville in West Earl Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
As an example of the latter , the words do and not become the contraction do n't , a single word that represents the meaning of the combined words .
The fortification is located north of Cape Banks in La Perouse , New South Wales Australia .
Since opposite ends of magnets are attracted , the north pole of a magnet is attracted to the south pole of another magnet .
Chronic chloroform exposure can damage the liver ( where chloroform is metabolized to phosgene ) and to the kidneys , and some people develop sores when the skin is immersed in chloroform .
The International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) is an alphabetic system of phonetic notation based primarily on the Latin alphabet . It was devised by the International Phonetic Association as a standardized representation of the sounds of spoken language .
This article is about the '' Circles '' ( Kreise ) of Germany .
Daisuke Nitta ( born May 11 , 1980 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The word meringue first appeared in English in 1706 in an English translation of Massialot 's book .
A gender identity is the way in which an individual identifies with a gender category , for-example as being either female or male , or in some cases being neither .
The pioneer of Indian movie industry , Bharat Ratna Shri Dadasaheb Phalke , producer & director V. Shantaram , B.R. Chopra , Shakti Samanta , Raj Kapoor , form a few names of the Hindi film fraternity , while writer , director , and actor P. L. Deshpande , actor Ashok Saraf , actor Laxmikant Berde , actor & producer , Sachin Pilgaonkar , Mahesh Kothare belong to the Marathi film industry .
Adams ' grandfather , also called Gerry Adams , had been a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood ( IRB ) during the Irish War of Independence .
Oxygen produced by photosynthesis in the spongy layer cells ( parenchyma cells with pectin ) of the leaf interior exits through these same openings .
You can make white light by putting all the other colors of light together .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon , commonly referred to as New Moon , is a 2009 American romance fantasy-vampire film based on Stephenie Meyer 's 2006 novel New Moon .
Green Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants , and a port on the Bay of Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .
, on insect sense organs and development , on the intelligence of animals , and on other natural history topics .
'' Chinese shaking and rolling music '' or '' Chinese rock and roll music '' ) is a genre of music and lifestyle .
The New York Film Critics ' Circle also gives special stand-alone awards to individuals and\/or organizations that they believe have made significant contributions to the art of cinema that includes other film critics , film restorers , historians and service organizations .
On April 4 , 2005 , WWE announced a 3-year deal with NBC Universal to bring Raw back to its former home , the USA Network , with 2 yearly specials on NBC and a Spanish Raw on Telemundo .
The Olive ( ) , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin ( the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa ) as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
Pensacola is the westernmost city in the Florida Panhandle and the county seat of Escambia County , Florida , United States of America .
Separating the chipset into the northbridge and southbridge is common , although there are rare instances where these two chips have been combined onto one die when design complexity and fabrication processes permit it .
The theory assumes that wealth and monetary assets are identical .
Slowly , the area acquired a strong reputation for producing cotton materials , silk fabrics , and carpets .
Claude of France ( 13 October 1499 - 20 July 1524 ) was a princess and queen consort of France and ruling Duchess of Brittany . She was the eldest daughter of Louis XII of France and Anne , Duchess of Brittany .
Medieval Islamic writers believed that the name '' Samarra '' is derived from the Arabic phrase '' Sarr man ra'a '' ( ) , which translates to '' A joy for all who see '' .
The first route opened was Stag Gates - Holy Rood , with approval to operate Alma Road - Canute Road - Oxford Street - High Street - Floating Dock and Stag Gates - Lodge Road - Portswood being received on 6 May 1879 .
The band accepted his invitation to visit the senior common room of Brasenose College , where they were photographed with Archer and dons of the college , although they did n't play there .
Upon hearing the news that Lennon had been murdered on December 8 , 1980 , Shotton visited Harrison at Friar Park , Harrison 's home .
George Edward ( '' Eddie '' ) Pope ( December 24 , 1973 ) is a retired American soccer player who last played for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer and spent 11 years as a defender for the United States national team .
The Notable Names Database ( NNDB ) , produced by Soylent Communications , the same entity that produces Rotten , Daily Rotten , Dr. Sputnik 's Society Pages and Penny Postcards , is an online database of biographical details of over 36,000 people of note .
A database schema ( pronounced skee-ma , ) of a database system is its structure described in a formal language supported by the database management system ( DBMS ) and refers to the organization of data to create a blueprint of how a database will be constructed ( divided into database tables ) . The formal definition of database schema is a set of formulas ( sentences ) that specify integrity constraints imposed on the database .
Saint-Pierre-du-Jonquet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Battle of Wuhan , popularly known to the Chinese as the Defense of Wuhan , and to the Japanese as the Capture of Wuhan , was a large-scale battle of the Second Sino-Japanese War .
Coulombs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Jikji was published in Heungdeok Temple in 1377 , 78 years prior to Johannes Gutenberg 's acclaimed '' 42-Line Bible '' printed during the years 1452-1455 .
MLB Rule 10.07 ( g ) covers defensive indifference .
Unlike hoar frost , which has a feathery appearance , rime generally has an icy solid appearance .
An anniversary ( from the Latin anniversarius , from the words for year and to turn , meaning ( re ) turning yearly ; known in English since c. 1230 ) is a day that commemorates and/or celebrates a past event that occurred on the same day of the year as the initial event .
A geyser is a spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected turbulently and accompanied by a vapor phase ( steam ) .
Act 2 The Countess ' Bedroom The Countess laments her husband 's infidelity .
Oldland Mill is an 18th century post mill situated in the village of Keymer , West Sussex .
Earthquake engineering is the study of the behavior of buildings and structures subject to seismic loading .
Both games are independent of each other but feature largely the same plot , once again set in the fantasy world of Kanto , following the progress of the central character in his or her quest to master Pokémon battling .
OXO was a computer game written for the EDSAC computer in 1952 , an implementation of the game known as Noughts and Crosses in the UK , or tic-tac-toe in the United States .
Simon Peyton Jones ( born in South Africa on January 18 , 1958 [ ] ) is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages , particularly lazy functional languages .
Hence , the rest of members are Azad Kashmir 's own Prime Minister and President and some ministers , ( also note that Azad Kashmir has its own president , prime minister and legislative assembly also supreme-court and high-court and other departments ) .
An area of low pressure stalled around the Northern Venezuela coast on September 11 .
In June 1997 , Spice World began filming and wrapped in August .
In 2007 , di Resta switched from single-seaters to race in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters ( DTM ) touring car racing series , for Mercedes .
'' Smells Like Teen Spirit '' is a song by the American rock band Nirvana .
He is the father of Hollywood actor and producer Michael Douglas and is # 17 on the American Film Institute 's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time .
Personal life Norrington was made an OBE in 1980 , a CBE in 1990 and a Knight Bachelor in 1997 .
It was the first mission to Mars led by a public university in NASA history .
Labarde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It features guest appearances by popular Detroit rappers Esham and Kid Rock .
Writing in the heyday of the British Empire , Conrad drew upon his experiences in the French and later the British Merchant Navy to create short stories and novels that reflect aspects of a worldwide empire while also plumbing the depths of the human soul .
He has commented extensively on the implications of the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents .
In Japanese , it is called .
Their western neighbors were various Salishan and Chinookan tribes .
He was the eldest of the four sons who survived to adulthood .
Stephen Grover Cleveland ( March 18 , 1837 June 24 , 1908 ) was both the 22nd and 24th President of the United States .
Its website states :
September 29 -- Henry VI , Holy Roman Emperor ( b. 1165 )
Two balls that are charged with a rubbed amber rod also repel each other .
Waldemar de Brito ( May 17 , 1913 & ndash ; February 21 , 1979 ) was a Brazilian footballer , who played for several clubs in Brazil and Argentina , as well as for the Brazil national team .
Designated hitters - used primarily by the American League as a substitute for the pitcher , but only for batting .
It remains mostly untranslated because of the lack of knowledge about the Etruscan language , though the few words which can be understood indicate that the text is most likely a ritual calendar .
Various other visualizations can be found in the external links below .
Impact and naming The storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .
Rob Mariano was invited again to participate in the twentieth season Survivor : Heroes vs. Villains , as part of the Villains tribe where he placed 13th .
Privy council , a body that advises the head of state of a nation
Taking up the trumpet at the age of eight under the guidance of hometown teacher Bo Nilsson , Hardenberger pursued further studies at the Paris Conservatoire , with Pierre Thibaud , and in Los Angeles with Thomas Stevens .
Limburger is a cheese that originated in the historical Duchy of Limburg , which is now divided among modern-day Netherlands , Belgium , and Germany .
Scale can refer to the following :
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
Joey is an American sitcom , which stars Matt LeBlanc reprising his role as Joey Tribbiani from the sitcom Friends .
However , the low cost of implementing the technology is offset by the high cost of managing the network .
Although the previous holder of the title , Emma Tillman , died on 28 January 2007 around 10:10 PM EST time , it was already well into 29 January in Japan at that time .
Arnolds Park is a city in Dickinson County , Iowa , United States .
These can be seen on the wall in The School of Athens , and in the originals of many drawings .
Romeny-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Pakistan 's economy mainly encompasses textiles , chemicals , food processing , agriculture and other industries .
Several types of Mania such as kleptomania and pyromania are related more closely to OCD than to Bipolar Disorder , depending on the seriousness of these disorders .
Alternatively , Kenz might have been referred to as ( \/O/ ) or the '' Great King of Yamato . ''
The production version made its debut at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show in March , and was introduced to North America at the 2010 New York International Auto Show .
Oscar Niemeyer was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1907 in Laranjeiras neighborhood , on a street that later would receive the name of his grandfather Ribeiro de Almeida .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Swabi - Government of Pakistan The town is a settlement of 35,000 people and is located at with an altitude of 308 metresLocation of Lahor - Falling Rain Genomics and lies west of Swabi and on the northern bank of the Indus River .
She has three older brothers : Aaron , Benjamin ( Ben , born February 5 , 1976 ) , and Nathaniel ( Nate , born June 8 , 1977 , in Boston , Massachusetts ) , the latter of whom is a model and actor .
Following the rebirth of Superman and the destruction of Green Lantern 's hometown of Coast City in the early 1990s , Hal Jordan seemingly went insane and destroyed the Green Lantern Corps and the Central Power Battery .
Alan Gray ( 23 December 1855 , York -- 27 September 1935 , Cambridge ) was a British organist and composer .
The film premiered on May 29 , 2009 in North America and opened the 2009 Cannes Film Festival , becoming the first animated and 3D film to do so .
For the Brazil national football team he played in nine matches , June 1984 to April 1986 , and was on the roster for the 1986 FIFA World Cup as a reserve .
Auchtertool is a village in Fife , Scotland .
Interstate 55 ( I-55 ) is an Interstate Highway in the central United States .
W.A.S.P. is an American heavy metal band formed in 1982 .
Josiah Bartlett ( November 21 , 1729 -- May 19 , 1795 ) was an American physician and statesman , delegate to the Continental Congress for New Hampshire , and signatory of the Declaration of Independence .
Hubble Space Telescope observations of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious bilobated shape because of a limited angular resolution .
The team 's headquarters were moved from Meta Image 's offices Madrid to Grupo Hispania 's offices in Murcia .
Name changes The College of Arms is also responsible for recording the changes of names , should the person concerned wish to publicise the fact .
Most frequently , the term refers to Sexual abstinence , or abstention from alcohol or food .
Principles Transcription as a mapping from sound to script must be distinguished from transliteration , which creates a mapping from one script to another that is designed to match the original script as directly as possible .
She was befriended by the actors Kevin McCarthy and Eli Wallach who each recalled her as studious and sincere in her approach to her studies , and noted that she tried to avoid attention by sitting quietly in the back of the class .
The Rhodesian Ridgeback is a dog breed developed in Southern Africa where it was used ( amongst other things ) to hunt lions .
When the silk ran out she saw a small cocoon and realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk .
According to Gackt 's autobiography , he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks ; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa .
When Jafar is about to turn around - which would mean he would spot Aladdin , she kisses Jafar , but then Jafar sees Aladdin anyway and attacks him . Aladdin ultimately outwits Jafar and has him imprisoned in a lamp of his own ( as Aladdin tricks Jafar into wishing to be an all-powerful Genie ) .
The same year , writer George Nicol published a version in rhyme based upon Southey 's prose tale , with Southey approving the attempt to bring the story more exposure .
Tyson , Percy , and Annabeth , after saving Camp Half-Blood from fire-breathing bulls , set out to find Polyphemus , who believes that Grover is a female cyclops and not a satyr .
It is headed by the Cardinal Secretary of State , currently Tarcisio Bertone , and performs all the political and diplomatic functions of Vatican City and the Holy See .
It acquired some features more typical of subtropical or even tropical cyclones .
It peaked at number two on MTV 's Total Request Live spending thirty-seven days on the countdown ; it was not able to retire due to the early introduction of the music video for her second single , '' If It 's Lovin ' That You Want '' .
Intel Core is a brand name used for various mid-range to high-end consumer and business microprocessors .
Emersons Green lies within the Unitary Authority of South Gloucestershire , and is part of the Parliamentary Constituency of Kingswood .
The uvula plays a key role in the articulation of the sound of the human voice to form the sounds of speech .
The Turks and Caicos Islands national football team is the national team of the Turks and Caicos Islands and is controlled by the Turks and Caicos Islands Football Association .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Scott Paul Carson ( born 3 September 1985 ) is an English footballer who plays for West Bromwich Albion as a goalkeeper .
The downtime was particularly noticeable during events popular with the technology industry such as the 2008 Macworld Conference & Expo keynote address .
Besny-et-Loizy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The winner is determined by a panel of judges , the general response of the audience , or a combination .
For every 100 females , age 18 and over , there are 102.6 males .
In general , if the musician or ensemble is notable , and if the album in question has been mentioned in multiple reliable sources , then their officially released albums may have sufficient notability to have individual articles on Wikipedia .
His first appearance for the team was in February 2007 against Switzerland and he has been called up regularly since .
The following is a list of the 894 communes of the Pas-de-Calais département , in France .
Most notably , Roberts announced the ECW show each week on the Sci Fi Network until September 2007 , before swapping with SmackDown 's Tony Chimel .
Thrash metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal that is characterized by its fast tempo and aggression .
On the Left Bank are ( 1 ) Jonction , ( 2 ) Centre . Plainpalais , and Acacias , ( 3 ) Eaux-Vives , and ( 4 ) Champel , while the Right Bank includes ( 1 ) Saint-Jean and Charmilles , ( 2 ) Servette and Petit-Saconnex , ( 3 ) Grottes and Saint-Gervais , and ( 4 ) Paquis and Nations .
Melle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The album was a commercial success , spawning the hits '' Cry Me a River '' and '' Rock Your Body '' .
The figure also resembles that of a runner crossing the finish line .
In 1516 , the Land of Israel was conquered by the Ottoman Empire , which ruled the region until the 20th century .
In 2007 , the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Haiti 's geographic coordinates are at a longitude of 72 25 & prime ; west and a latitude of 19 00 & prime ; north .
Psi ( parapsychology ) , psychic or paranormal phenomena
It is administratively subdivided into 12 Union Councils , three of which form the tehsil capital Mian Channu .
Weeks after Ford became First Lady , she underwent a mastectomy for breast cancer on September 28 , 1974 .
Deary is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
During the middle of the Muromachi period ( 1336 - 1573 A.D. ) it reached its peak of usage .
Raffles Institution and Raffles Junior College have come together to form a single institution with effect from 1 January 2009 , under the name Raffles Institution .
Seven subspecies of American Robin are recognized .
'' God '' is a song from John Lennon 's first post-Beatles solo album , John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band .
Bacterial meningitis refers to meningitis that is caused by bacterial infection .
If the IP address belongs to anything that might be closely related to the above , or a major corporation , for example Microsoft , Sun , etc. it may be a good idea to notify the committee .
The Romans had allied themselves to the Maccabees and interfered again in 63 BCE , following the end of the Third Mithridatic War , when general Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus stayed behind to make the area secure for Rome .
Pompey had the backing of a majority of senators , of whom many were optimates , and his army significantly outnumbered the veteran Caesarian legions .
Strathmoor Village is a Sixth Class city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Andy 's toys are welcomed by the numerous toys at Sunnyside , and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by Lots-O ' - Huggin ' Bear ( simply known as Lotso ) , Big Baby and Ken , whom Barbie falls for .
Their style is not traditional flatfooting , nor is it traditional mountain-style clogging , or contemporary precision clogging , but it is a form of precision clogging in the sense that it features choreographed routines where the dancers are all dancing in unison ( same steps at the same time ) , while moving through figures .
Originally dominated by the Kingdom of Dahomey , in 1851 the French made a treaty with the Dahomean King Ghezo that allowed them to establish a trading post at Cotonou .
Faramans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
in online games , a player who stays in one area of the game world , see camping ( video gaming ) .
Bismark Township , Nebraska ( two places in Nebraska , USA )
The Cassini -- Huygens team concluded that the imaged features are almost certainly the long-sought hydrocarbon lakes , the first stable bodies of surface liquid found off Earth .
The actual demolition proceeded apace -- by November , 1789 , the structure was largely demolished .
It is south of Seattle and northeast of Portland , Oregon .
For the InterCity 125 , see British Rail class 43 .
The vagina ( from Latin vag na , literally '' sheath '' or '' scabbard '' ) is a tubular tract leading from the uterus to the exterior of the body in female placental mammals and marsupials , or to the cloaca in female birds , monotremes , and some reptiles .
If this trust is betrayed , at its worst , the individual can suffer psychological betrayal trauma .
Setques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Thornton 1995 Ken Gelder argued in 2007 that subcultures are social , with their own shared conventions , values and rituals , but they can also seem '' immersed '' or self-absorbed ; a feature that distinguishes them from countercultures .
Yulia has no contact with him to this day . In 2002 , the pair left Russia for New Zealand in attempt for a better life .
Around 890 AD , it was noted as a fortification against the Viking raids .
Striking sparks with flint and steel is not a particularly easy or convenient method to start a fire , although it is much easier than some other primitive fire-making methods such as using a bow drill .
Georg Listing Georg Listing was born on 31 March 1987 .
Other desired qualities in modern commercial apple breeding are a colourful skin , absence of russeting , ease of shipping , lengthy storage ability , high yields , disease resistance , typical ` Red Delicious ' apple shape , and popular flavor .
The film 's starring role is played by Mel Gibson , who was relatively unknown at the time .
Lloyd , R. F. , '' Two Prologues : Menander and Plautus , '' The American Journal of Philology 84.2 ( 1963 , April ) , p. 141 .
Crono stands up to Lavos but is vaporized by a powerful blast , after which Lavos destroys Zeal .
Preparation and consumption of powdered tea was formed into a ritual by Zen ( Chan ) Buddhists .
There are also some problems with the reading , that started to emerge during Renaissance .
Englancourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The approach worked , and as the Journal 's circulation jumped to 150,000 , Pulitzer cut his price to a penny , hoping to drive his young competitor ( who was subsidized by his family 's fortune ) into bankruptcy .
Bishan Park 1 is more accessible than Bishan Park 2 .
For each EU member country , a hierarchy of three NUTS levels is established by Eurostat ; the subdivisions in some levels do not necessarily correspond to administrative divisions within the country .
It is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic center .
On December 17 , 1897 it returned to its original name : '' Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima '' ( '' Gymnastics and Fencing Club '' ) .
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly ( ICS , 2004 ) , and is subdivided into six geologic periods ; from oldest to youngest they are : the Cambrian , Ordovician , Silurian , Devonian , Carboniferous , and Permian .
Zeigler is a city in Franklin County , Illinois , United States .
is a music video game ( rhythm action game ) developed by Nintendo SPD .
The lake flooding has displaced 6,000 people from upstream villages , stranded ( from land transportation routes ) a further 25,000 , and inundated over 12 m of the Karakoram Highway .
The Makran Coastal Highway follows the coast of Sindh and Balochistan provinces , linking Karachi and Gwadar .
Katrina Shanks-Meltsner , voiced by Pamela Hayden and Audrey Wasilewski
The superorder Xenarthra is a group of placental mammals ( infraclass Eutheria ) , extant today only in the Americas .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 1964 children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
However , the salt flats are hazardous to traverse ( in many cases being only a thin white crust over mud ) , and so the sign is at the pool .
Theplumber.com - home of great plumbing advice since 1994 .
Until recently , V10s had rarely been a popular configuration for road cars : a V12 is only slightly more complicated and runs smoother , and a V8 is less complex and more economical .
Bowdon , Georgia
Malay is a major language of the Austronesian family .
music was created for the show by Chris Bell Music at the beginning of Season 25 .
When it became apparent to the leaders of the New Model Army that the Parliament -- then controlled by the Presbyterian faction -- was ready to come to an agreement with the King that would restore him to his throne ( though without effective power ) and negate the power of the Army , they resolved to shatter the power of both King and Parliament .
Despite adopting a name with religious connotations , lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed , in an interview on Steve Lamacq 's BBC Radio 1 show , that none of the band is religious .
If you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see .
She famously relates to the tale of the missing sun deity , Amaterasu Omikami .
The incidence of these words as suffixes to place names ( e.g. , Canterbury , Strasbourg , Luxembourg , Edinburgh , Hamburg , Gothenburg ) usually indicates that they were once fortified settlements .
American Institute Biological Science 's Media Award
July 8 & ndash ; The Qing Dynasty Chinese admiral Shi Lang leads 300 ships with 20,000 troops out of Tongshan , Fujian and sails towards the Kingdom of Tungning , in modern-day Taiwan and Penghu , in order to quell the kingdom in the name of Qing .
It must be possible to control these jumps and to fall from platforms or miss jumps .
The dot product is calculated by multiplying and summing across a single index in both tensors .
Since their inception , the Ducks have played their home games at the Honda Center .
On orders from Bischoff , Nitro announcer Tony Schiavone gave away this previously taped result on a live Nitro , and then sarcastically added '' that 'll sure put some butts in the seats '' consequently resulting in over 600,000 viewers switching channels to watch Raw .
Although no confirmed direct observations of the Oort cloud have been made , astronomers believe that it is the source of all long-period and Halley-type comets entering the inner Solar System and many of the Centaurs and Jupiter-family comets as well . The outer Oort cloud is only loosely bound to the Solar System , and thus is easily affected by the gravitational pull both of passing stars and of the Milky Way Galaxy itself .
It is the first game to star Mega Man and is the first of the original Mega Man series .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
The Lyside Sulphur may be found in open , subtropical scrub .
To this room he constantly stole when the family was asleep '' .
The Winter Olympic Games do not have a central Olympic Stadium , however some edifices are designated as the Olympic Stadium , which usually hosts the opening and closing ceremonies .
The Sarvestan palace from the Sassanian era is a great example of this , with an arched entrance and a central dome .
There are 292 households , out of which 33.2 % have children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.2 % are married couples living together , 9.2 % have a female householder with no husband present , and 29.5 % are non-families .
Amman is the administrative seat of the homonymous governorate .
It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from town to La Vega ( in La Vega province ) began to run across the rich region of the Cibao .
This trade was so extensive that the major set of trade routes between Europe and Asia has become known as the Silk Road .
A large part of the population was Jewish .
It is the original secondary title of WWE .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows was released on 21 July 2007 ( 0:00 BST ) and broke its predecessor 's record as the fastest-selling book of all time .
The names of four sub-units within the Kamikaze Special Attack Force were Unit Shikishima , Unit Yamato , Unit Asahi , and Unit Yamazakura .
As the tribes arrived for the Reward Challenge , Jeff Probst shocked them , saying that whoever wins , both tribes would go to Tribal Council to vote someone out .
On 18 January 2007 , he announced his decision to step down from the posts of minister-president and party chairman by 30 September , after having been under fire in his own party for weeks .
Charizard has appeared many times throughout the Super Smash Bros. ( series ) .
It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw series ( the first under the SmackDown vs. Raw name ) and is based on the professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) . This game is the sequel to 2003 's WWE SmackDown !
City of Illusions is a 1967 science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin , set on Earth in the distant future in her Hainish Cycle .
La Couture is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Keith Morris -- additional vocals on '' Hang 'Em High ''
Haitink has five children from his first marriage to Marjolein Snijder .
It was first applied to the genus by the French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1700 .
Marcellina is with them , having informed Susanna of Figaro 's suspicions and plans .
Legs bearing a chela are called chelipeds .
WOUNDS , open-access , print and online , peer-reviewed journal featuring articles about wound care and related research .
In 1941 , he gave Reinhard Heydrich the order to arrange the Final Solution .
Multimedia Messaging
Gains in Global Wind Capacity Reported Green Inc. , February 15 , 2010 .
The most famous bodegas in El Puerto are Osborne and Terry both of which export sherry and brandy worldwide .
Bulgaria 's first appearance in a World Cup was the 1962 World Cup in Chile , but failed to progress to the knockout stages .
Never a true monarchist , Salazar nevertheless gained most of the monarchists ' support , as the exiled deposed king was given a state funeral at the time of his death .
The ending also reprises the arpeggiated guitar motif from the end of that track , similar to the figure featured prominently in the George Harrison written tracks '' Here Comes the Sun '' and '' Badge '' ( co-written by Harrison and Eric Clapton ) .
Benozzo Gozzoli ( c. 1421 & ndash ; 1497 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence .
Lee Chun-Soo ( ; born 9 July 1981 ) is a football player from South Korea , who currently plays for Omiya Ardija .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
Time magazine included him among their list of the world 's 100 most influential people in 2005 and 2006 .
Background The name '' Three Kingdoms '' was used in the titles of the histories Samguk Sagi ( 12th century ) and Samguk Yusa ( 13th century ) , and should not be confused with the earlier Chinese Three Kingdoms .
Isaac Asimov ( ; born Isaak Yudovich Ozimov , ; c. January 2 , 1920 & ndash ; April 6 , 1992 ) was an American author and professor of biochemistry at Boston University , best known for his works of science fiction and for his popular science books .
They were heavy-set and heavily armored from head to tail in bony armor , even down to minor features such as the eyelids .
Historically , the name Blattaria has been used largely interchangeably with the name Blattodea , though in most recent treatments , the latter name refers to a larger grouping that includes numerous fossil groups that were related to roaches , but not true cockroaches themselves .
Oxfordshire : Oxford University Press .
He always used new observation techniques like low-energy electron diffraction ( LEED ) at the beginning of his career , later ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy ( UPS ) and scanning tunneling microscope ( STM ) yielding ground breaking results .
NFL 's longest interception return ( 107 yards )
The International Alliance of Research Universities ( IARU ) was launched on 14 January 2006 as a co-operative network of 10 leading , international research-intensive universities .
The young Son House was determined to become a Baptist preacher , and at age 15 began his preaching career .
Espiet is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
It was released as a single in Australia in 2004 , and in the UK in 2005 .
There was also singles and doubles events for boys and girls ( players under 18 ) , part of the Grade A category of tournaments of the junior tour .
In lead it improves strength and durability and decreases the corrosive action of sulfuric acid .
The English language translation , World Canine Organisation , is not often used .
Greinke won the American League Cy Young Award in 2009 with the Kansas City Royals .
Didier Claude Deschamps ( ; born 15 October 1968 in Bayonne ) is a retired French footballer and current manager of Marseille .
May 25 & ndash ; Henry the Navigator is appointed governor of the Order of Christ .
Last years and retirement In honor of his work , Volta was made a count by Napoleon in 1810 .
The newton ( symbol : N ) is the SI derived unit of force , named after Isaac Newton in recognition of his work on classical mechanics .
The Cayman Islands ( or ) is a British Overseas Territory located in the western Caribbean Sea .
Boards of Canada ( commonly abbreviated BoC ) are a Scottish electronic music duo consisting of brothers Mike Sandison ( born June 1 , 1970 ) and Marcus Eoin ( born July 21 , 1971 ) .
Nicole dropped moderate amounts of rainfall in Bermuda , while rough seas caused problems for cruise lines .
The Space Shuttle , part of the Space Transportation System ( STS ) , is an American spacecraft operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) for orbital human spaceflight missions .
Beside Hungarian and Croatian , he spoke German , Spanish , English , French and Esperanto .
Napaskiak is located at .
It is one of the largest dams in the world , standing 128 m tall and 579 m long .
The show is set in the 1870s in Deadwood , South Dakota , before and after the area 's annexation by the Dakota Territory .
Though located in a rural setting just 10 miles ( 16 km ) east of Guthrie , Langston also serves an urban mission with University Centers in both Tulsa and Oklahoma City .
In Lima , Peru on 26 June 1541 '' a group of twenty heavily armed supporters of Diego Almagro II stormed Pizarro 's palace , assassinated him , and then forced the terrified city council to appoint young Almagro as the new governor of Peru '' , according to Burkholder and Johnson .
During Binary fission and mitosis the duplicated DNA content of the reproducing parental cell is separated into two equal halves that are destined to end up in the two daughter cells .
The game has been heavily attacked by some critics , who allege that it promotes pornography and murder .
The city is located on the island of New Providence , which functions much like a federal district .
Enfranchised in , the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
The stadium has also been the site for several games featuring the East Carolina University Pirates .
Mixed oxide fuel , commonly referred to as MOX fuel , is nuclear fuel that contains more than one oxide of fissile material .
It is bordered on the north by Ecuador and Colombia , on the east by Brazil , on the southeast by Bolivia , on the south by Chile , and on the west by the Pacific Ocean .
At the end of the war , the survivors numbered between 33 and 40 ; most were found in the area near Lutsk .
After completing his PhD , he became an assistant and lecturer at Technical University of Munich ( 1965 -- 1968 ) .
After completing his PhD , he became an assistant and lecturer at Technical University of Munich ( 1965 -- 1968 ) .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
Moonwalk .
It is situated at the confluence of the Jagst and the Kocher into the Neckar , 10 km north of Heilbronn .
Pongo -- orangutans
ISBN 0-7506-9895-0 VA is a quantitative measure of the ability to identify black symbols on a white background at a standardized distance as the size of the symbols is varied .
March 3-March 4 - A total lunar eclipse occurs , visible in some parts of the Americas and Asia , and all of Europe and Africa .
Their other hit singles include '' Move Your Body '' and '' Too Much of Heaven '' , all of which appeared on their album Europop , released in late 1999 .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
The campus Koblenz of University of Koblenz and Landau is located in the city .
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
She is working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) on its Raw brand as Eve , as well as her full name .
It lies in the Kutch marshland near the Sir Creek , which is the boundary calimed by India and is controlled by Pakistan .
Today in France , women are allowed to give birth anonymously in hospitals ( accouchement sous X ) and leave their baby there .
The album often is considered as a maxi-single so the peak positions are the same as the peak positions of the single .
Recea ( ) is a commune in Bra ov County , Romania .
Placard and posters existed from the ancient times .
As a condemnation of the German invasion of the Soviet Union , the piece is particularly representative of the political responsibilities that Shostakovich felt he had for the state , regardless of the conflicts and criticisms he faced throughout his career with Soviet censors and Joseph Stalin .
Kamakura is a city located in Kanagawa , Japan , about 50 k south-south-west of Tokyo .
Dinerstein , Eric ; David Olson ; Douglas J. Graham ; et al. .
Any member of the families Delphinidae and Platanistoidea ( oceanic and river dolphins ) ,
He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal-winning eight-oared boats .
Memphis has an estimated population of 669,651 , making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee , the third largest in the Southeastern United States , and the 19th largest in the United States .
Barro Arriba ( D.M. )
Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The only sizable park blacks were allowed access to was nearby Chickasaw Park , which many people entered by traveling through Shawnee .
Other features Mega Man Star Force consists of three versions sharing the names of the satellites : Leo , Dragon , and Pegasus , references to the constellations Leo , Draco and Pegasus , respectively .
It moved northward and then westward , bringing squally weather to Hispaniola and Jamaica .
For example , Dutch conscripts gained 21 points during only 30 years , or 7 points per decade , between 1952 and 1982 .
To obtain a reasonably stable output voltage the output current should be a small fraction of the input current .
Blues is the name given to both a musical form and a music genre that originated in African-American communities of primarily the Deep South of the United States at the end of the 19th century from spirituals , work songs , field hollers , shouts and chants , and rhymed simple narrative ballads .
Denver Clayton Lemaster ( born ( February 25 , 1939 in Corona , California ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1962 to 1972 for the Milwaukee Braves , Atlanta Braves , Houston Astros , and Montreal Expos .
Finnish troops and the remaining population are immediately evacuated .
Both films are based on the Fantastic Four comic book and were directed by Tim Story .
The West Australian ( often simply called The West ) is the only locally-edited daily newspaper published in Perth , Western Australia , and is owned by ASX-listed West Australian Newspapers Holdings Ltd .
The first Syrian immigrants arrived in the United States from Ottoman Syria . Most of them came from Christian villages around Mount Lebanon , while around 5-10 % were Muslims of different sects .
It consists of the construction of an undersea rail tunnel under the Bosphorus strait as well as the modernization of suburban rail lines along the Sea of Marmara from Halkal on the European side to Gebze on the Asian side .
Namli Maira is a mountainous rural area located in Abbottabad District .
This includes the general judgement at the Resurrection of the dead ( see below ) as well as the belief ( held by Roman Catholics , Orthodox and most Protestants ) in a judgment particular to the individual soul upon physical death .
Renamed and sold into private hands in 1775 , she briefly returned to naval service as a troop transport during the American Revolutionary War and was scuttled in a blockade of Narragansett Bay , Rhode Island in 1778 .
For certain periods of time between the 17th century and 1959 , the Dalai Lamas sometimes directed the Tibetan Government , which administered portions of Tibet from Lhasa . The 14th Dalai Lama remained the head of state for the Central Tibetan Administration ( '' Tibetan government in exile '' ) until his retirement on March 14 , 2011 .
Bernesq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Souligné-sous-Ballon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
It has extensive material on Unitarian theology and history and holds the doctrine of the Pre-existence of Jesus Christ ( see www.ccg.org ) .
Modern instruments classified as bugles are often valved .
He was promoted to commander in 1963 and captain in 1968 .
In 1901 he returned to Spain and opened la Escuela Moderna ( The Modern School ) to teach middle-class children ( then ) radical social values .
Mr. T ( born Laurence Tureaud on May 21 , 1952 ) is an American actor known for his roles as B. A. Baracus in the 1980s television series The A-Team , as boxer Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III , and for his appearances as a professional wrestler .
When Soviet People 's Commissar for Foreign Affairs Vyacheslav Molotov claimed in radio broadcasts that the Soviet Union were not dropping bombs but rather delivering food to the starving Finns , the Finns started to call the air bombs Molotov bread baskets .
History Blutengel was formed in 1998 after Chris Pohl had decided to give up the preceding project , Seelenkrank due to contractual problems .
After passing over Puerto Rico , Marilyn found itself back in the Atlantic Ocean on September 16 .
The song ` Woh Mujhey ' was sung by the popular Pakistani pop artist Hadiqa Kiyani .
Rose is one of the tertiary colors on the HSV ( RGB ) color wheel .
Glossop North End A.F.C. are an English football club based in Glossop , Derbyshire .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 30 .
January 6 -- George Washington marries Martha Dandridge Custis .
The animal , played by an actor in ` animal skin ' or animal costume .
The 1948 Winter Olympics , officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event celebrated in 1948 in St. Moritz , Switzerland .
It is Madagascar 's largest city and is its administrative , communications , and economic center .
Gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin was one of the first to suggest that following a diet similar to that of the Paleolithic era would improve a person 's health .
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There were thirteen concerts in the 1911-1912 season , five of which were popular music .
February 6 -- James Stuart , Duke of York becomes James II of England and Ireland and King James VII of Scotland in succession to his brother Charles II ( 1630 -- 1685 ) , King of Great Britain since 1660 .
In 1804 , the government selected Tomsk to become the center for a new governorate which would include the modern cities of Novosibirsk , Kemerovo , Krasnoyarsk and eastern Kazakhstan .
Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente Scherzinger ( born June 29 , 1978 ) is an American singer-songwriter , dancer , model and occasional actress , best known as the lead singer for the Pussycat Dolls .
While there , he joined the '' AeroClub '' , and learned to fly a light aircraft , a hobby that would take up an increasing portion of his time .
Bhumibol Adulyadej ( Royal Institute : Phumiphon Adunyadet ; , ; see full title below ; born 5 December 1927 ) is the current King of Thailand .
Solzhenitsyn was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1970 . He was expelled from the Soviet Union in 1974 , but returned to Russia in 1994 after the Soviet system had collapsed .
Frederick Bean '' Fred/Tex '' Avery ( February 26 , 1908 August 26 , 1980 ) was an American animator , cartoonist , voice actor and director , famous for producing animated cartoons during The Golden Age of Hollywood animation .
Even though etymological research originally grew from the philological tradition , currently much etymological research is done on language families where little or no early documentation is available , such as Uralic and Austronesian .
However , it did not sell anything : instead , Emily would find lost and broken things and display them in the window of the shop , so their owners could one day come and collect them .
Rafael Felipe Scheidt ( born February 10 , 1976 in Porto Alegre , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Some notable conventions include :
Reid gained a reputation for his strong , driving runs and phenomenal long range shooting ability , memorably scoring from 35 yards against Norwich City on the opening day of the 2001 -- 02 season to set Millwall on their way to a 4 -- 0 victory .
Croydon is split up by a number of different areas in the same borough . Fairfield , Broad Green , West Croydon and South Croydon make up the rest of Croydon , but are known as separate areas in their own right .
By 1932 , all major league baseball teams had numbers on their players ' uniforms .
Ansermet was born in Vevey , Switzerland .
Genus Ochrotomys - Golden Mouse
-571 ) , the 29th emperor of Japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to assign verifiable dates ; Titsingh , pp .
However , the social class that owns the means of production in a communist society is not bourgeoisie .
This comes at a time when tobacco sponsorship has become wholly illegal in the European Union ( including F1 races ) and other major teams have withdrawn from relationships with tobacco companies , for example McLaren ended their eight year relationship with West , Renault broke with JT and BAT withdrew in 2006 .
The Hobbits of the Shire developed the custom of giving away gifts on their birthdays , instead of receiving them , although this custom was not universally followed among other Hobbit cultures or communities The hobbit Gollum refers to the One Ring as his '' birthday present '' in The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings .
Hellas Verona Football Club ( commonly known simply as Verona , or Hellas within the city of Verona itself ) is an Italian professional football team , based in Verona , Veneto .
Caffiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Its four major bays -- Trinity Bay , Conception Bay , St. Mary 's Bay , and Placentia Bay -- have long been the centre of Newfoundland 's fishing industry .
Fisher is married to country music singer Carrie Underwood .
John Maynard Keynes , 1st Baron Keynes ( ; 5 June 1883 - 21 April 1946 ) , CB , was a British economist whose ideas have profoundly affected the theory and practice of modern macroeconomics , as well as the economic policies of governments .
CH-4935 Leimiswil
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a setting in J. K. Rowling 's best-selling Harry Potter series .
Only the prototype was constructed , which was named Duke of Gloucester .
Ornithology ( from Greek : , , ornis , ornithos , '' bird '' ; and , logos , '' knowledge '' ) is a branch of zoology that concerns the study of birds .
She married Liu Xiaobo while he was imprisoned in China in a labor re-education camp , between the years of 1996 and 1999 .
Father Armand David ( 27 September 1826 near Bayonne & ndash ; 10 November 1900 in Paris ) was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist .
January 6 & ndash ; Louis Braille , French teacher of the blind and inventor of braille ( b. 1809 )
= = Option disp = x to customize output separators = = 15-Aug-2010 : Using option '' disp = x '' ( such as '' disp = x ) '' ) will insert custom text\/separators around the output amount ( option added : August 2010 ) .
Sports Orlando is the home city of the Orlando Magic NBA team and the UCF Knights college athletics teams .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
Like the Kindle 2 , it does not have an SD memory card slot .
English National Opera ( ENO ) is an opera company based in London , England , resident at the London Coliseum in St. Martin 's Lane .
