Because the rule is actually made of three parts , it also known as the '' thre rules of de Wahl '' .
Estimates for the population of the Abidjan metropolitan area vary between 4 and 5 million inhabitants .
It is the only Rise Against studio album on which lead vocalist Tim McIlrath does not play guitar .
In the new conquered regions they carried out repopulation processes with Christians from the North of Spain .
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
Optical disc drives are an integral part of stand-alone consumer appliances such as CD players , DVD players and DVD recorders .
They seem to have been under the influence of their Armenian cousins to whom Iberia had relinquished a significant portion of its territory .
In an interview with Shave magazine , J-Dog explained that when forming the band '' Whoever was in the room at the time and played an instrument was in the band . ''
Big Brother ( Nineteen Eighty-Four )
It was released in the United States on February 6 , 1943 .
A related term is thermal energy , loosely defined as the energy of a body that increases with its temperature .
Where double bonds are formed , hydrogen atoms are eliminated . Thus , a saturated fat has no double bonds , has the maximum number of hydrogens bonded to the carbons , and therefore is '' saturated '' with hydrogen atoms .
According to WWF , the boundaries of an ecoregion approximate the original extent of the natural communities prior to any major recent disruptions or changes .
In addition to the full-scale oil sketches , Constable completed numerous observational studies of landscapes and clouds , determined to become more scientific in his recording of atmospheric conditions .
Chuck Norris Facts originally started appearing on the Internet in early 2005 .
In 1995 , after Ventre 's death the choir was taken by Sabrina Simoni and changed its name to Piccolo Coro '' Mariele Ventre '' dell ' Antoniano .
Mont-Bertrand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Albert Brooks made his first guest appearance on The Simpsons in this episode as the voice of Cowboy Bob .
Schrock , R. R. '' Chemistry of Bimetallic Linked Cyclopentadienyl Complexes : Progress Report , 1 December 1986 -- 30 November 1989 '' , Department of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , United States Department of Energy , ( 1989 ) .
Tropical Depression Twelve formed east of the Windward Islands on September 15 .
Chubbuck is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
'' Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia '' is the national anthem of Saint Lucia , first adopted in 1967 upon achieving self government , and confirmed as the official anthem upon independence in 1979 .
Joey Jordison ( # 1 ) Active : 1995 -- present Instruments : drums Release contributions : all Slipknot releases Joey Jordison was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .
She is working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) on its Raw brand as Eve , as well as her full name .
Yogananda , Paramahansa , Autobiography of a Yogi , Chapter 21 ISBN 1-56589-212-7Swami Krishnananda on the Guru mitigating the karma of the discipleSwami B. V. Tripurari on grace of the Guru destroying karma And according to the Jainism perspective , neither a god nor a guru have any role in a person 's karma -- the individual is considered to be the sole doer and enjoyer of his karmas and their ` fruits ' .
Kit evolution In the first years of the institution , the colors adopted were white and light blue , seeking to highlight the fact that it was an Argentine club .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1982/1983 season was contested by 18 teams .
In many national currencies , the cent is a monetary unit that equals 1 100 of the basic monetary unit .
It is not possible to make a redirect to a special page , or to create normal pages beginning with the '' Special : '' prefix .
Discovery Acetylene was discovered in 1836 by Edmund Davy who identified it as a '' new carburet of hydrogen '' .
The AR4 Synthesis Report ( SYR ) was released on November 17 , 2007 .
'' Lollapalooza 2004 cancels all dates '' .
Ipswich Town Football Club ( also known as Ipswich , The Blues , Town or The Tractor Boys ) are an English professional football club based in Ipswich , Suffolk .
In general , followers of Buddhism and many Hindus consider the natural laws of causation sufficient to explain the effects of karma .
She had three distinct portfolios : Minister for Education ; Minister for Employment and Workplace Relations ; and Minister for Social Inclusion .
She has won awards for her performance in the 1991 film Rambling Rose , for which she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Leading Role .
It was the most significant uprising in Ireland since the rebellion of 1798 .
Communist Polish and Soviet authorities maintained a figure '' between 2.5 and 4 million '' , and the Auschwitz State Museum itself displayed a figure of 4 million killed , but '' ( f ) ew ( if any ) historians ever believed the Museum 's four million figure '' .
Trieste is located at the head of the Gulf of Trieste and throughout history it has been influenced by its location at the crossroads of Germanic , Latin and Slavic cultures .
The Berlin Wall : 13 August 1961 - 9 November 1989 .
The Acts of the Apostles records that Agrippa I had James executed by sword .
During his three year tenure , Anton received limited screen time on the show .
The highest mountain in North America , Mount McKinley ( or Denali ) , is in the Alaska Range .
The Southern Railway ( SR ) gave the designations 4-COR , 4-RES , 4-BUF and 4-GRI to the different types of electric multiple unit built to work the route between London Waterloo and Portsmouth Harbour .
He appeared as a newsreader in season one of Buffy ( 1997 ) and in the second season of Angel ( 2001 ) , Joss Whedon made a cameo appearance as the character Numfar under heavy makeup .
As he and his three brothers showed musical potential the family moved to Vienna where his father established a thriving business as a carriage builder .
However many day-flying moths are brightly-coloured , particularly if they are toxic .
The tramway runs for 11 m and carries 6,500,000 passengers each year .
In 2003 , Thile teamed up with mandolinist Mike Marshall for the duet album Into the Cauldron , which included original pieces as well as pieces by Charlie Parker and J. S. Bach .
Parry 1963 , pp .
July 10 & ndash ; Roger Cotes , English mathematician ( d. 1716 )
Bytom ( ) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland , near Katowice .
From there to its confluence with the Lutkho River just north of the important regional center of Chitral it is called the Mastuj River . It is then called the Chitral River , before flowing south into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan , where it is referred to as the Kunar River .
This template automatically displays a documentation box like you are seeing now , of which the content is transcluded from another page .
The Man Who Knew Too Much is actually the first of two films based on the same material and directed by Alfred Hitchcock .
The traditional etymology is from the Latin aperire , '' to open , '' in allusion to its being the season when trees and flowers begin to '' open '' .
Since the opening in 1982 , the Tsuen Wan Line is the only line whose alignment has virtually remained the same for the past 23 years .
He went on to finish the championship in 3rd place with six wins , five podiums and eight pole positions .
He also studied at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran and later at the University of Santo Tomas , where he obtained his law degree .
The invention of the bicycle has had an enormous impact on society , both in terms of culture and of advancing modern industrial methods .
Lohn , Texas
Tyutcheva said the children had been taught not to discuss Rasputin with her and were careful to hide his visits from the nursery staff .
Weekend programmes include Newsweek Scotland ( Sat , 0800 -- 0900 ) , Shereen ( Sun , 0900 -- 1000 ) and The Business ( Sun , 1000 -- 1030 ) .
Nintendo 's Game Boy handheld was first released in 1989 .
In 1931 , he made the first of many visits to the West , gathering many followers .
It has a conspicuous white stripe behind its eye and a narrower stripe extending backward from the corner of its bill , bordering a blackish cheek patch .
Post-nominal letters , also called post-nominal initials or post-nominal titles or designatory letters are letters placed after the name of a person to indicate that the individual holds a position , educational degree , accreditation , office , or honor . An individual may use several different sets of post-nominal letters .
He is the Chairman , CEO and majority shareholder of Intracom Holdings , one of the largest multinational technology groups in South-Eastern Europe , and the Chairman and majority shareholder of Intralot S.A. , the world 's leading gaming technology supplier and lottery licensed operator .
Christopher Mabee ( born on August 26 , 1985 in Tillsonburg , Ontario ) is a Canadian retired competitive figure skater .
Basidiomycota ( ) is one of two large phyla that , together with the Ascomycota , comprise the subkingdom Dikarya ( often referred to as the '' higher fungi '' ) within the Kingdom Fungi .
He married Margaret Lindsay , who also had an interest in astronomy and scientific research .
Barbirolli and Evelyn lived in New York until 1943 , when they returned to England so that Barbirolli could take over the conductorship of the Hallé Orchestra , based in Manchester .
His record of throwing a touchdown pass in 47 consecutive games ( between 1956-1960 ) remains unsurpassed as of 2011 .
The Saab 9-5 is an executive car produced by the Swedish automobile maker Saab . The first generation was introduced in 1997 as the replacement to the Saab 9000 for the 1998 model year .
The duo later changed their image and style with the release of Sea of Love in 2002 .
The song , his solo debut single , was a number one hit on several international charts , including the Billboard Hot 100 , Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and UK Singles Chart .
The neighboring Talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby .
History of Egypt ( undated , early 20th century ) , Volume 12 , Part B , Chapter V : '' The Waterways of Egypt , '' pages 248-257 .
Berson is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Alexander Elliot Anderson '' Alex '' Salmond MSP ( ; born 31 December 1954 ) is a Scottish politician , the fourth and current First Minister of Scotland .
A record high 92 playoff games were held , and for the first time since the 1973 playoffs , no team was swept in a playoff series .
In 1931 , she represented Czechoslovakia at 3rd WWCh in Prague ( +8 -- 0 = 0 ) .
The London Borough of Greenwich ( ) is an Inner London borough in south-east London , England .
The buzz generated off the back of the single led to another release , '' Banquet\/Staying Fat '' , this time through Moshi Moshi Records , and to the eventual signing with independent label Wichita Recordings in April 2004 .
Work is carried out from a combined studio and workshop where concept development , detailing , prototyping and small scale fabrication take place .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Every day , prisoners were ordered to rise at 06:00 hours , wash , clean their cells and the corridor together , eat breakfast , stay in the garden until lunch-time at noon ( weather permitting ) , have a post-lunch rest in their cells , then return to the garden .
A superficially similar but entirely unrelated flowering plant genus , mare 's tail ( Hippuris ) , is occasionally misidentified and misnamed as '' horsetail '' .
Content-control software , also known as censorware or web filtering software , is a term for software designed and optimized for controlling what content is permitted to a reader , especially when it is used to restrict material delivered over the Web .
Christian Dannemann Eriksen ( born 14 February 1992 in Middelfart ) is a Danish professional football player , currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Dutch side Ajax Amsterdam .
It marks the end of the 1992 film and the Aladdin animated series .
In most cases the gateway connection is to the public switched telephone network or telephone jack , although connectivity with newer technologies such as Voice over IP has become available .
Research between the early 1800s and today suggests that many stars are part of either binary star systems or star systems with more than two stars , called multiple star systems .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency ( ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a thermal device such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , or a furnace , for example .
The primary characters are friends Maxwell Kane , a large , very slow , but kind-hearted kid , and Kevin Avery , nicknamed '' Freak , '' who is physically crippled but very intelligent .
David BendethDavid Bendeth - Discography who produced the band 's last two studio efforts , We Are Not Alone and Phobia , produced Breaking Benjamin 's 4th studio album , Dear Agony .
Chelmsford became home to the United Kingdom 's first electrical engineering works established by Rookes Evelyn Bell Crompton .
Before 1858 , the precursor units of the Indian Army were units controlled by the Company and were paid for by their profits . These operated alongside units of the British Army , funded by the British government in London .
The 1981 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1981 , and lasted until November 30 , 1981 .
Measles , also known as Rubeola , is an infection of the respiratory system caused by a virus , specifically a paramyxovirus of the genus Morbillivirus .
The center of Vienna can be reached in 13 minutes via the subway .
It was first released as part of the add-on package Plus !
From 1907 he worked in Leipzig , where he was music director of the university until 1908 and professor of composition at the conservatory until his death .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
A ball thrown from outside the court can not eliminate an opponent who is hit .
Bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea , presently classified by the unranked taxon name Anthophila .
It is known for its daily '' Sunshine Girl '' feature and for what it sees as a populist conservative editorial stance .
Research by Jennifer A. Clack and her colleagues showed that the earliest tetrapods , such as Acanthostega , were wholly aquatic and quite unsuited to life on land .
He was born in Peru and naturalised Japanese citizen in 1994 .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1661 and 1683 .
The song is part of the B-side medley .
James Anthony '' Jim '' Sturgess ( born May 16 , 1981 ) is an English actor whose breakout role was Jude in 2007 's Across the Universe .
The event was replaced in 2010 by Fatal 4-Way .
Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Brownmiller also participated in civil rights activism , joining CORE and SNCC during the sit-in movement and volunteering for Freedom Summer in 1964 , where she worked on voter registration in Meridian , Mississippi .
This leads to an argument between the couple , which results in Lucy leaving Jude .
The Grandeur TG is a full-size sedan introduced for the 2006 model year .
Both John Hunt and Leroy Pope were Freemasons and charter members of Helion Lodge # 1 .
Aside from the original tracks , the new edition features three new tracks , including the first single from the re-release , '' Take a Bow '' , '' If I Never See Your Face Again '' , a duet with Maroon 5 and '' Disturbia '' .
One imperial pint is equal to 19.2152 US fluid ounces .
Mahmoud Fahmi an-Nukrashi Pasha ( 1888 - 28 December 1948 ) was an Egyptian political figure .
Fruitadens is the smallest known ornithischian dinosaur , with young adults estimated at 65 t in length and 0.5 t in weight .
He then moved to Australia , where he was Composer in Residence at the Elder Conservatorium of Music , University of Adelaide from 1965-66 .
The area covered by Baldheri union council , is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira .
Any soul that has conquered its own inner enemies and achieved the state of supreme being is called Jina ( Conqueror or Victor ) .
This book is not present in the Catholic or Protestant Old Testaments .
It is a term most often applied in the arts ( i.e. , music , literature , and performance ) .
Jenssens first album released in 2008 became one of that years most sold music albums in Sweden which saw it peak at number 1 on the Swedish album chart .
Maurice Hugh Frederick Wilkins CBE FRS ( 15 December 1916 - 5 October 2004 ) was a New Zealand-born English physicist and molecular biologist , and Nobel Laureate whose research contributed to the scientific understanding of phosphorescence , isotope separation , optical microscopy and X-ray diffraction , and to the development of radar .
Grez-Doiceau ( ) is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
Collation differs from classification in that classification is concerned with arranging information into logical categories , while collation is concerned with the ordering of those categories .
To lure the Sheriff and his Deputy out of the City of Daphne , the men prefabricated a murder .
Mantophasmatodea is a suborder of carnivorous African insects discovered in 2002 , originally considered to be a new order , but since relegated to subordinal status , and comprising the single family Mantophasmatidae .
The base of the logarithm also has to be specified , unless the scale 's value is considered to be a dimensional quantity expressed in generic ( indefinite-base ) logarithmic units .
He has directed seminars\/master courses at conservatoires and universities in Austria , Colombia , Germany , Italy , Russia , USA , etc. .
La Calotterie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Adaptive optics should not be confused with active optics , which works on a longer timescale to correct the primary mirror geometry .
San José ( '' Saint Joseph '' , , ) is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica .
The game features over 20 rides and over 30 minigames .
A jury consisting of German Football Association ( DFB ) , youth coaches , and members of the DFB Board , put Boateng top of the poll .
p 37 .
Campaigns which captured national public attention involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant , Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant , Diablo Canyon Power Plant , Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant , and Three Mile Island .
It aired on Sundance Channel in the United States during the fall of 2006 .
Polydor Records is a British record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
On September 8 , 2001 , Titania occulted a bright star ( HIP106829 ) with a visible magnitude of 7.2 ; this was an opportunity to both refine the moon 's diameter and ephemeris , and to detect any extant atmosphere .
The movie 's soundtrack was released on October 14 , 2008 , a week before the DVD release and contains songs from and inspired by the film .
February 3 & ndash ; Tulip mania collapses in the United Provinces ( now the Netherlands ) .
Hurricane Madeline is notable for being the most intense Pacific hurricane at landfall .
Weill became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943 .
The obverse of the great seal is used as the national coat of arms of the United States . It is officially used on documents such as United States passports , military insignia , embassy placards , and various flags .
He has won two other Grammy Awards , one Choral Performance Award for a recording of Stravinsky 's Symphony of Psalms in 2007 , and another for Best Orchestral Performance , for a recording of Mahler 's unfinished Symphony No. 10 in 2000 .
The Department of History and Sociology at the University of Kansas , the first fully fledged independent university in the United States , was established in 1891 .
Most medical schools and universities teach medical students from the beginning , even before they set foot in hospitals , to maintain a professional rapport with patients , uphold patients ' dignity , and respect their privacy .
On June 30 , 1975 , Cape Verdeans elected a National Assembly which received the instruments of independence from Portugal on July 5 , 1975 .
Both the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal and its predecessor , the Ludwig Canal , begin near Bamberg .
Beef tripe is usually made from only the first three chambers of a cow 's stomach : the rumen ( blanket\/flat\/smooth tripe ) , the reticulum ( honeycomb and pocket tripe ) , and the omasum ( book\/bible\/leaf tripe ) .
Sarah ( Skye Bennett ) is an autistic little girl who is currently living at ` St. Mary 's Hospital ' .
The Omagh bombing was a paramilitary car bomb attack carried out by the Real Irish Republican Army ( RIRA ) , a splinter group of former Provisional Irish Republican Army members opposed to the Belfast Agreement , on Saturday 15 August 1998 , in Omagh , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Colonial Establishment It was created as a French territory on September 9 , 1880 as '' Upper Senegal '' , and was renamed the '' French Sudan Territory '' on August 18 , 1890 , with its capital at Kayes .
Although a songwriter herself , Baez is generally regarded as an interpreter of other people 's work , having recorded songs by The Allman Brothers Band , The Beatles , Jackson Browne , Bob Dylan , Woody Guthrie , The Rolling Stones , Pete Seeger , Paul Simon , Stevie Wonder , and many others .
Note : This template will not respect the user preference '' justify paragraphs '' .
Dough is a paste made out of any cereals ( grains ) or leguminous crops by mixing flour with a small amount of water and\/or other liquid .
Like the other towns , it maintains its own municipal government but its residents vote in the Jacksonville mayoral election and have representation on the Jacksonville city council .
Despite this , by 1870 he was an assistant at the University 's observatory , and a year later gained a position at the observatory in Geneva .
When Jeffrey Katzenberg was fired from Disney and replaced by former 20th Century Fox production head Joe Roth ( whose last act for Fox was greenlighting Williams ' film Mrs. Doubtfire ) , Roth arranged for a public apology to Williams by Disney .
One has '' Split '' printed inside it and the other has '' Steal '' printed inside it .
Into the Wild is the first book in the Warriors series , written by Kate Cary and Victoria Holmes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
Over the course of his long career , Geisel wrote over 60 books .
Hamilton crashed out of the next two races , the Belgian and Italian Grands Prix , going out of third place on the last lap of the Italian race when chasing Jenson Button for second .
Augsburg is a city in the south-west of Bavaria in Germany .
Gabrielle scoops up Porphyrion who had grabbed Hercules .
The single featured vocals from Mali and debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 11 ; marking the duo 's second consecutive Top 40 hit .
A facsimile globe showing America was made by Martin Waldseemueller in 1507 .
In addition to starring in the film , Myers wrote The Love Guru with Graham Gordy , and produced it with Gary Barber .
He is best known for his voice-work on Avatar : The Last Airbender , Codename : Kids Next Door , Phineas and Ferb , Adventure Time with Finn and Jake , American Dad !
First Anglo-Maratha War ( 1775-1782 ) :
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 2003 .
in Basketball
Martigny-sur-l'Ante is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The traditional power trio has a lineup of guitar , bass and drums , leaving out the rhythm guitar or keyboard that are used in other rock music to fill out the sound with chords .
There are also links to other pages that deal in greater depth with the particulars of individual types .
Number cards are face value , colored special cards worth twenty , and wilds worth fifty . The first player to go out receives points for the cards left in his\/her opponents ' hands .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 68,393 .
The sentence was upheld by the Supreme Court .
As a general rule , grapes used must be the white Chardonnay , or the dark-skinned '' red wine grapes '' Pinot Noir or Pinot Meunier .
Henrik Johan Ibsen ( ; 20 March 1828 -- 23 May 1906 ) was a major 19th-century Norwegian playwright , theatre director , and poet .
Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Robert Kimmitt served as Acting Secretary of the Treasury from June 30 , 2006 , to July 9 , 2006 .
The locomotive 's number was derived from its works number , DEL260 .
She was born by Caesarean section at 17 Bruton Street , Mayfair , London , Brandreth , p. 103 and Roberts , p. 74 and on 29 May 1926 , was baptised in the private chapel of Buckingham Palace by the Archbishop of York , Cosmo Lang .
The double-slit experiment has been of great interest to philosophers , because the quantum mechanical behavior that it reveals has forced them to reevaluate their ideas about classical concepts such as '' particles '' , '' waves '' , '' location '' , and '' movement from one place to another '' .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross principally was the highest award of Germany to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership during World War II .
The most literal translation of geisha into English would be '' artist '' or '' performing artist '' .
The 1970 - 71 NHL season was the 54th season of the National Hockey League .
Image : Redon spirit-forest .
On 1 December 2005 , Jetstar commenced operations from Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane and the Gold Coast to Christchurch in New Zealand .
The Black Metaltail ( Metallura phoebe ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Windsor Castle , in Windsor in the English county of Berkshire , is the largest inhabited castle in the world and , dating back to the time of William the Conqueror , is the oldest in continuous occupation .
It is known for its clean thin air and was once known for its health sanitariums .
In 1958 , he gained the title Doctor juris and worked as an assistant at the University of Munich until 1964 , where he also passed his second juristic state exam .
The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once , in 1989 , and four players have been elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame ; the most recent electee is Al MacInnis , who was enshrined in 2007 .
He was listed on the flight manifestPrezydenckim Tu-154 lecia y najwa niejsze osoby w pa stwie ( Polish ) of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczy ski and 95 others , which crashed near Smolensk-North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk , Russia , on 10 April 2010 .
In 2005 , Benson collaborated with artist Jamie McKelvie on a short story within the Image Comics collection Four Letter Worlds .
The NHC upgraded Bertha to a Category 2 with winds of 105 mph ( 170 km\/h ) and stated that Bertha could intensify further to major hurricane status again , but instead weakened into an 85 mph ( 135 km\/h ) Category 1 hurricane .
Cleveleys ( with its neighbouring village of Thornton , collectively known as Thornton-Cleveleys ) is a town on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire , England , about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood .
Braille was devised in 1821 by Louis Braille , a blind Frenchman .
Many science-related controversies are discussed in popular science books and publications , such as the long-running debates over biological determinism and the biological components of intelligence , stirred by popular books such as The Mismeasure of Man and The Bell Curve .
Total Ancestry Reported History Armenian Pioneers The first Armenian known to have moved to America was Martin the Armenian .
A phenotype is any observable characteristic or trait of an organism : such as its morphology , development , biochemical or physiological properties , behavior , and products of behavior ( such as a bird 's nest ) .
Luckily , the development of interplanetary probes coincided with an alignment of the planets called the Grand Tour .
Geri Say m ( Squawk Box Europe )
Hiromasa Yamamoto is a Japanese footballer .
S. salamandra adults are able to extrude heavy toxic skin secretions , e.g. the neurotoxic alkaloid Samandarin .
There is a granite memorial to Simpson near the spot where he died , paid for by British cyclists .
The year 2004 in science and technology involved some significant events .
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President 's Cabinet , beginning with George Washington 's administration .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
Hyderabad ( , ) , is the capital and the most populous city of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Main article : List of Melbourne railway stations .
Gram-negative bacteria have plasma membrane and outer membrane separated by the periplasmic space . Other prokaryotic species have only plasma membrane .
Twinkle will add the appropriate notice on the article 's page , and in most cases , will automatically put a notice on the talk page of the editor who created the article .
This process of working out a slope using limits is called differentiation , or finding the derivative .
Klaus-Dieter Sieloff ( born 27 February 1942 in East Prussia , Germany ) ( now in Russia ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player .
The town lies close to the borders of both Hampshire and Berkshire ; the boundaries intersect on the western edge of the town where all three counties converge .
In the second revolution , during October , the Provisional Government was removed and replaced with a Bolshevik ( Communist ) government .
After the presidential elections had ended , Schleicher held a series of secret meetings with Hitler in May 1932 , and thought that he had obtained a '' gentleman 's agreement '' in which Hitler had agreed to support the new '' presidential government '' that Schleicher was building .
Fire out of Africa : a key to the migration of prehistoric man , says Hebrew University archaeological researcher .
Norfolk ( ) is a low-lying county in the East of England .
The show features a large ensemble cast , and many historical figures appear as characters on the show -- such as Seth Bullock , Al Swearengen , Wild Bill Hickok , Sol Star , Calamity Jane , Wyatt Earp , E. B. Farnum , Charlie Utter , and George Hearst .
Wardrecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The population was 11,461 at the 2000 census .
Dupré became famous for performing more than 2,000 organ recitals throughout Australia , the United States , Canada and Europe , which included a recital series of 10 concerts of the complete works of Johann Sebastian Bach in 1920 ( Paris Conservatoire ) and 1921 ( Palais du Trocadéro ) , both performed entirely from memory .
The final third of the movement continues in this vein .
Kolding is a Danish seaport located at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark ( Region of Southern Denmark ) .
Paper mills used water not only for motive power , but also required it in large quantities in the manufacturing process .
The Salvation Army sent in 37 mobile food storage faculties that served 40,000 meals , to help those who could get little or no food .
She is the 2004 Olympic All-Around Champion and a member of the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame .
Duke Aleksandr was born as an Armenian aristocrat , who belonged to the Russian nobility .
Transport Road The M1 motorway serves all of the county towns with the exception of Lincoln .
Villers-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
They are characterized by possessing a set of hollow , fixed fangs through which they inject venom , and come in a wide range of sizes , from only 18 cm ( Drysdalia ) up to 6 m in length ( Ophiophagus ) .
Richard David James ( born 18 August 1971 ) , best known under the pseudonym Aphex Twin , is an electronic musician described by The Guardian newspaper as '' the most inventive and influential figure in contemporary electronic music . ''
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
Many religions , ways of thinking , and creative artists have tried to figure out the Meaning of Life .
In 2008 he was given the honor to conduct the world famous New Year Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra on the first of January 2009 .
Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland , also known as THAW and unofficially as Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 7 , is a video game that has been released for the PS2 , Xbox , Xbox 360 , Nintendo GameCube and PC .
In still others , the prostitutes pay a fee for use of the facilities , with the brothel owner not being involved in the financial transaction between prostitute and client ( maison de passe , French for '' trick house '' ) .
On 12 April 1961 , he became the first human in outer space and the first to orbit the Earth .
Jeanne Demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach , César Franck , Franz Liszt , Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy and Marcel Dupré .
It is set in Thailand , but was filmed mostly near Kitulgala , Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) , with a few scenes shot in England .
Some cats , particularly longhaired cats , occasionally regurgitate hairballs of fur that have collected in their stomachs from grooming .
Hubbard 's writings became the guiding texts for the Church of Scientology and a number of affiliated organizations that address such diverse topics as business administration , literacy and drug rehabilitation .
The complementary color of rose is spring green .
Geert Wilders ( or ; born 6 September 1963 ) is a Dutch politician and leader of the Party for Freedom .
Satoshi Horinouchi ( born 26 October 1979 in Saitama , Saitama , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
Sapieha was awarded the White Eagle Order in 1936 .
Morlanwelz is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
In Guernsey , every two years the Victor Hugo International Music Festival attracts a wide range of musicians and the premiere of songs specially commissioned from such composers as Guillaume Connesson , Richard Dubugnon , Olivier Kaspar and Thierry Escaich and based on Hugo 's poetry .
During the early part of the Late Cretaceous , North Africa was home to a rich dinosaur fauna .
Smithsonian magazine investigates the Ark General '' The Ark of the Covenant '' .
The Sea of Japan is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , between the Asian mainland , the Japanese archipelago , and Sakhalin .
Thailand : 6 teens hurt in acid attack
Further , a hot spare can be shared by multiple RAID sets .
Hurricane Henri formed in Mid-September in the Gulf of Mexico and never made landfall , which is a rare occurrence .
Cambridge is well known as the home of the University of Cambridge .
Jon Bon Jovi ( born John Francis Bongiovi , Jr. ; March 2 , 1962 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor , best known as the lead singer and founder of Bon Jovi .
Aristotle writes of the unscribed tablet in what is probably the first textbook of psychology in the Western canon , his treatise '' '' ( De Anima or On the Soul , Book III , chapter 4 ) .
Kingdom Records is a British record label from the 1970s and 1980s , that was important in early British and Jamaican dub music .
There are several different types of software architecture in common use .
Bering Strait between Alaska and Siberia , which connects the Pacific and Arctic Oceans .
In Sweden and Finland , pancakes follow the pea soup traditionally eaten on Thursdays .
In the United States and anglophone Canada , as well as in parts of Australia ( New South Wales , Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory ) kindergarten is the word often restricted in use to describe the first year of education , or primary school . In some of these countries it is compulsory , that is parents must send children to their kindergarten year ( generally , at age 5 ) .
Microsoft Office Online is the Microsoft Office tools and assistance Web site .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet ( 204 m ) elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
Chuck Jones 's made for-TV cartoons Mowgli 's Brothers , Rikki-Tikki-Tavi and The White Seal stick to the original storylines more closely than most adaptations .
The administrative centre of Devon is the city of Exeter .
The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state , aristocracy and church .
It goes on to commemorate how David cut off Goliath 's head with the Philistine 's own sword , and thereby removed Israel 's disgrace ( vv .
He advocated ' a long march through the institutions ' of power to create radical change from within government and society by becoming an integral part of the machinery .
The National Park Service uses over 20 different titles for the park units it manages , including national park and national monument .
Internet usage On the Internet a colon , or multiple colons , is sometimes used to denote an action or to emote .
Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
The thermosphere is the biggest of all the layers of the earth 's atmosphere directly above the mesosphere and directly below the exosphere .
The freedom of association stands in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights :
It consists of 3500 seater Toa Payoh Stadium , where S. League club Balestier Khalsa FC plays its home games . Toa Payoh Sports Hall is located besides the stadium , as well as the Singapore Table Tennis Association Academy .
Haiti 's geographic coordinates are at a longitude of 72 25 & prime ; west and a latitude of 19 00 & prime ; north .
The opening of a large Morrisons store on Coppice Side has been blamed for the closure of a number of small independent shops in the town .
Les Autels-Saint-Bazile is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction , or the sense of smell .
Calvinism became the theological system of the majority in Scotland ( see John Knox ) , the Netherlands , with men such as William Ames , T J Frelinghuysen and Wilhelmus a Brakel and parts of Germany ( especially those adjacent to the Netherlands ) with the likes of Olevianus and his colleague Zacharias Ursinus .
The city is included in the Huntsville Metropolitan Area and is also included in the merged Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area .
They are large rodents , weighing from to , with strong hind legs and large ears .
Human beings and other primates have five digits on each hand as well as five toes on each foot .
The Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach was created in 1809 by the merger of the Ernestine duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach .
Appeals against decisions of these courts are heard by the Landessozialgerichte ( Superior State Social Courts ) , before the cases may wind up at the Bundessozialgericht .
Saroyan was born in Fresno , California to Armenian immigrants from Bitlis in the Ottoman Empire ( now Turkey ) .
Tiger salamanders are almost entirely terrestrial as adults , and usually only return to the water to breed .
The lyrics as usually sung omit the middle verse as not being suitable for modern use .
In later times , however , Quirinus became far less important , losing his place to the later , more widely known Capitoline Triad ( Juno and Minerva took his and Mars ' place ) .
Sega felt that the console could have replaced the Sega Mega Drive , but consumers would not be interested in the Sega Neptune , so the project was scrapped .
Ekaltadeta is an extinct genus of giant marsupials related to modern rat-kangaroos .
James II and VII reigns to 1688 .
History Hérault is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Media reports indicate Aphex Twin is now recording under The Tuss . Rephlex Records has denied that Aphex Twin is The Tuss , but Aphex Twin fans and the media have ignored Rephlex 's denial and The Tuss is treated as yet another Aphex Twin project .
One clade formed by Bacillus anthracis , Bacillus cereus , Bacillus mycoides , Bacillus pseudomycoides , Bacillus thuringiensis and Bacillus weihenstephanensis under current classification standards should be a single species ( within 97 % 16S identity ) , but due to medical reasons they are considered separate species , an issue also present for four species of Shigella and Escherichia coli .
Her ancestor Thomas Pierce , an early New England colonist , was also an ancestor of Franklin Pierce , the 14th president of the United States .
Judgment Day ( 2003 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) that took place on May 18 , 2003 , at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Wait , J. R. , and D. A. Hill , '' Excitation of the HF surface wave by vertical and horizontal apertures '' .
The enslaved boyars , their families and some master masons were forced to labor until their deaths , rebuilding the old castle with materials from another nearby ruin .
Fir Park Stadium is a football stadium situated in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
A nice cup of tea and a sit down is a chance to declare publicly what you appreciate about other members of the community or their contributions .
This page lists times between 1018 seconds ( an exasecond ) and 1019 seconds ( 32 billion years and 320 billion years ) Beyond this point , only future events can be listed , as this span of time exceeds the scientifically determined age of the universe .
Nhat Le Beach is a beach in Dong Hoi city , the capital of Quang Binh Province , home to world heritage Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park .
He was very close to Princess Sophie of Bavaria and it has been suggested that he was the father to her son , the future ill-fated Emperor Maximilian I of MexicoMaximilian and Carlota by Gene Smith , ISBN 0245524185 , ISBN 978-0245524189 , but this suggestion has not found acceptance .
Although mostly neotropical in distribution , the family is represented both in the New World and the Old World .
In 1996 astronomers Baliunas , Sokoloff , and Soon measured a rotational period of 37 days for 51 Pegasi .
A further 80,000 can be accommodated in the mosque 's adjoining grounds for a total of 105,000 worshippers present at any given time at the Hassan II mosque .
It was also under her personal direction that the world 's first studies were conducted into the treatment of neoplasms ( cancers ) , using radioactive isotopes .
December 20 & ndash ; Pope Benedict XII succeeds Pope John XXII as the 197th pope .
The Platypus is a carnivore : it feeds on annelid worms and insect larvae , freshwater shrimps , and yabbies ( freshwater crayfish ) that it digs out of the riverbed with its snout or catches while swimming .
Latvia has been a NATO member since March 29 , 2004 .
In 1941 the two companies merged forming today 's Tokyo Metro Ginza Line .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
The building , located between Nassau Street and William Street in Manhattan , New York City , was completed in 1930 after only 11 months of construction .
In taste the berries range from tart to sweet , with a flavor similar to that of a blueberry , especially in blue/purple colored varieties .
It is made by reacting lithium carbonate or lithium hydroxide with nitric acid .
Bell then reportedly sold his current Stradivarius , the Tom Tyler , for a little more than two million dollars and made the purchase of the Gibson ex Huberman for a little under the four million dollar asking price .
Culliford 's initial comic first appeared in the Belgian magazine Spirou , and several decades later was adapted into an English language children 's television series by Hanna-Barbera Productions , titled The Smurfs .
Significant species on the island include : King Quail , the Critically Endangered Orange-bellied Parrot , Fairy Tern , White-bellied Sea Eagle , Swamp Skink , Long-nosed Potoroo .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television , along with the rest of his family , in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' on April 19 , 1987 .
Burnham , who served as the lead scout of the Wilson patrol , sensed a trap and advised Wilson to withdraw , but Wilson ordered his patrol to advance . Soon afterwards , the patrol found the king and Wilson sent a message back to the laager requesting reinforcements .
In February 1848 , King Louis-Phillipe of France abdicated the throne , triggering revolutions across the entire European continent , especially in the German provinces .
Bognor Regis has two Secondary Schools , Felpham Community College and Bognor Regis Community College .
A suspected junction between the secret system and normal Metro is behind the station Sportivnaya of the Sokolnicheskaya Line .
Third parties , officially termed '' nonparty political organizations '' can appear on the ballot as well - five of these have had candidates on the ballot in Iowa since 2004 for various positions : the Constitution Party , the Iowa Green Party , the Libertarian Party , the Pirate Party , and the Socialist Workers Party .
The fight , known as ' '' The Fight of the Century , '' was one of the most eagerly anticipated bouts of all time and remains one of the most famous .
Tin Hat Linux Based on hardened Gentoo Ututo Made in Argentina VidaLinux Uses Anaconda as its installer .
Les Vans
June 14 & ndash ; William Waynflete becomes vicar of Skendleby , Lincolnshire .
Many paleoanthropologists now use the term Homo ergaster for the non-Asian forms of this group , and reserve Homo erectus only for those fossils that are found in Asia and meet certain skeletal and dental requirements which differ slightly from H. ergaster .
'' Emotion '' was recorded by R&B group Destiny 's Child in 2001 , it was produced and arranged by Mark J. Feist .
The Indian government begins Operation Blue Star , the planned attack on the Golden Temple in Amritsar .
Disruptive links It is better to put information on your user page , rather than in your signature .
He was the Classical World Chess Champion from 2000 to 2006 , and the undisputed World Chess Champion from 2006 to 2007 .
Since their inception , the band 's line-up has included drummer Danny Carey , guitarist Adam Jones , and vocalist Maynard James Keenan .
Later career and death In 1679 , Blow , who had been appointed organist of Westminster Abbey in 1669 , resigned his office in favour of his pupil , who was still only twenty-two .
The three definitions above lead to three different methods of construction of parallel lines .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( , ) is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
Gogo u is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,009 people .
The Brigantes were a Celtic tribe who in pre-Roman times controlled the largest section of Northern England and a significant part of the Midlands .
Electrification by friction Experiment I Let a piece of glass and a piece of resin , neither of which exhibits any electrical properties , be rubbed together and left with the rubbed surfaces in contact .
It is also the eastern terminus of the Metropolitan Line .
The Broons is a comic strip published in the weekly Scottish newspaper , The Sunday Post .
His combined works constitute a virtual encyclopedia of Greek knowledge .
Masseilles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The cheetah kills its prey by tripping it during the chase , then biting it on the underside of the throat to suffocate it , for the cheetah is not strong enough to break the necks of the four-legged prey it mainly hunts .
In Judaism , start of the month of Nisan .
Aizy-Jouy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The myth of Pandora is ancient , appears in several distinct Greek versions , and has been interpreted in many ways .
Discovered by Voyager 2 spacecraft in 1989 , it is named after Proteus , the shape-changing sea god of Greek mythology .
A drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to strike percussion instruments to make sound .
She was , in her own words : In 1777 , she went on '' the circuit '' in the provinces .
Daisuke Takahashi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League .
Being situated so close to the equator and the warm Indian ocean , the city experiences generally tropical climatic conditions , typified by hot and humid weather throughout much of the year .
This border was between the Democratic republic of germany ( DDR ) , and the Federal Republic of Germany ( BRD ) , between Czechosolvakia and Austria , and between Hungary and Austria .
August 17 & ndash ; David '' Davy '' Crockett , American frontiersman ( d. 1836 )
Under twelve-tone equal temperament , B sharp , for instance , sounds the same as , or is enharmonically equivalent to , C natural , and E sharp is enharmonically equivalent to F natural .
Her appearances in mythology are sparse , but reveal her as a figure of exceptional power and beauty .
It is the third Joker 's Card entry in the group 's Dark Carnival saga .
Michihiro Ozawa ( born December 25 , 1932 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Other near-by towns or locations are : Crooked Corner Peelwood Redground Wheeo Narrawa North History The origin of the name is thought to be from the Gandangara Aboriginal word for deep water .
The plot focuses on a brutal and cunning group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt out expert blade runner , Rick Deckard , who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down .
Westrehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The center of the seal is a shield adorned with a tranquil scene of a moose resting in a field bordered by water and woods , pine tree stand tall directly behind the moose .
His contribution to Chinese philosophy included his assigning special significance to the Analects of Confucius , the Mencius , the Great Learning , and the Doctrine of the Mean ( the Four Books ) , his emphasis on the investigation of things ( gewu ) , and the synthesis of all fundamental Confucian concepts .
Christmas cake is a type of fruitcake served at Christmas time in the UK , Ireland , Japan , Philippines and many Commonwealth countries .
Kalpa , Himachal Pradesh , a town in Himachal Pradesh , India ;
The reporters present included Joseph Gilbert , from the Associated Press ; Charles Hale , from the Boston Advertiser ; John R. Young ( who later became the Librarian of Congress ) , from the Philadelphia Press ; and reporters from the Cincinnati Commercial , New York Tribune , and New York Times .
Roger II of Sicily takes Corfu from the Byzantine Empire , and pillages Corinth , Athens and Thebes .
Exhalation , or blowing
Over 20 % of the country 's population , possibly as many as 1.5 million people , were left homeless .
In the main island of the Kingdom of Tonga , where the greater portion of the population reside within the capital Nuku'alofa , the word is often appended to the end of '' Tonga '' , making the word '' Tongatapu '' , where local use it as '' Sacred South '' rather than '' forbidden south '' .
Formula One portal The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Track listing All songs written and composed by Roger Waters except '' Dogs '' by David Gilmour and Roger Waters .
This definition covers more than 250 million people .
Airports Johor has one international airport ( 30 km away from JB city centre ) , The Sultan Ismail International Airport in Senai ( 01 ' 38 ' 26 ' N , 103 ' 40 ' 13 ' E ) .
On the advice of her Canadian prime minister only , the Queen appoints the governor general to carry out most of her constitutional and ceremonial duties for an unfixed period of time -- known as serving At Her Majesty 's pleasure -- though five years is the normal convention , as is a rotation between anglophone and francophone incumbents .
Some ten years later she established a theater company there , initially performing ` cut-down ' versions of Shakespeare 's plays .
The civilizations in Mesopotamia , the Indus Valley , and China shared many similarities and likely exchanged technologies and ideas such as mathematics and the wheel .
; Third form Frieza 's third form is again more brutish , with an extremely elongated skull ( like an Alien ) .
The Capitals Lost to the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2nd round 4 games to 3 .
On the evening of May 27 , 1971 , shortly after 21:00 , a train made up of two Class VT 95 railbuses of the Deutsche Bundesbahn was running as special service Eto 42227 ( units 795 375 + 995 325 ) on the single-track line between Wuppertal-Oberbarmen and Radevormwald , the so-called Wupper valley line .
The superuser 's home directory on older systems was \/O/ , but on many newer systems it is located at \/O/ root ( Linux , BSD ) , or \/O/ var\/root ( Mac OS X ) .
The division of Action Stages and Adventure Fields was a serious departure from previous Sonic games . In addition , unlike the previous game in the series , Sonic Adventure has six different characters to choose from : Sonic , Tails , Knuckles , Amy , Big and E-102 Gamma ; each with their own style of gameplay .
In units more normal for this purpose , it is 0.002 miles per gallon ( or about 10.5 feet per gallon ) or 120,000 L/100 km .
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) , he led a coalition government of the SPD and the Greens .
One species , Meleagris gallopavo , commonly known as the Wild Turkey , is native to the forests of North America .
A wireless headset can be put in a poket or a bag easily sincel it is small .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
Previously , Marshall had been a leader of the Federalist Party in Virginia and served in the United States House of Representatives from 1799 to 1800 .
The municipality had 468 inhabitants in 1798 and 5191 in 1970 .
Founded in 1845 , Baylor is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and is a member of the Big 12 Conference .
UMP leader Before he was elected President of France , Sarkozy was president of UMP , the French conservative party , elected with 85 percent of the vote .
Although they both have equal status , '' God Defend New Zealand '' is the anthem that is in common use and is popularly referred to as '' the national anthem '' .
\* EXACT TERM '' Athletic '' .
Air India ( ) is a state-owned flag carrier of the Republic of India .
Al-Ahly Benghazi ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi , Libya .
Strictly speaking it has two runways , however , the northern runway ( 08L/26R ) can only be used when the main runway ( 08R/26L ) is out of use , for example because of maintenance or an accident .
Sydney ( 2001 population : 24,115 ) is a Canadian urban community in the province of Nova Scotia .
The British Gazette and Sunday Monitor , the first Sunday newspaper in Britain , begins publication .
Education Graduating from history and sociology at the University of Ljubljana in 1966 , he obtained his Master degree from the same institution in 1972 .
The film is set in a post apocalyptic America , two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease turns nearly all humans into zombies .
In this he was highly influenced by the Ancient Rhetoric school of the Ming period , which was a neoclassical movement that saw the Qin and Han periods as the model for prose , and the Tang period for poetry .
Oxford School Shakespeare - Othello
At the height of the crisis , Razvi had placed his allies in influential posts , and was virtually dictating the Nizam 's policy on the issue .
Soil classification deals with the systematic categorization of soils based on distinguishing characteristics as well as criteria that dictate choices in use .
On July 2 , 2005 , the tip of the whaleback broke off , causing a rockfall that sent ash and dust several hundred meters into the air .
Furthermore , after discovering the existence of another band with the name DragonHeart , it was decided that they would change their name to DragonForce , the new moniker being clearly visible at the cover 's top .
There , he was chairman of Committee on Invalid Pensions ( forty-third congress ) .
Ballarat ( ) Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of $ 638 Canadian dollars ( CAD ) , those interviewed spent a median of $ 200 CAD on food and $ 192 CAD on alcohol , tobacco and illegal drugs , according to
It reopened on March 28 , 2009 , with an expanded water park named Splash Island .
The dust originates in the deserts of Mongolia , northern China and Kazakhstan where high-speed surface winds and intense dust storms kick up dense clouds of fine , dry soil particles .
It is composed of 30 teams - 29 in the United States and one in Canada .
For a bar magnet , the direction of the magnetic moment points from the magnet 's south pole to its north pole , and the magnitude relates to how strong and how far apart these poles are .
Portsmouth is an independent city located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Virginia .
Herod the Great builds Masada , between 37 BC and 31 BC , as a refuge for himself should his Jewish subjects rise against him .
Palau , officially the Republic of Palau ( ) , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines and 2,000 miles ( 3,200 km ) south of Tokyo .
Wail Mohammed al-Shehri ( , W l ash-Shehr ; also transliterated as Alshehri ; July 31 , 1973 -- September 11 , 2001 ) was an al-Qaeda associate and one of five hijackers of American Airlines Flight 11 , which was hijacked and flown into the World Trade Center as part of the September 11 attacks .
Cataplexy is sometimes confused with epilepsy , in which a series of flashes or other stimuli can cause superficially similar seizures .
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations , by Adam Smith .
The Etruscans are believed to have spoken a non-Indo-European language ; the majority consensus is that Etruscan is related only to other members of what is called the Tyrsenian language family , which in itself is an isolate family , that is , unrelated directly to other known language groups .
The aim was to establish the province as a centre of civilisation for free immigrants , promising civil liberties and religious tolerance .
By that time the ideas were widespread in progressive social circles , one proponent being the novelist Harriet Martineau whose circle of acquaintances included Charles Darwin , and the ideas of Malthus were a significant influence on the inception of Darwin 's theory .
From the 1860s to the 1880s he published a number of volumes of Jewish Short Stories , Polish Short Stories , Galician Short Stories , German Court Stories and Russian Court Stories .
Later that year , the section between Highbury & Islington and Warren Street was opened , again without ceremony .
Timothy Pickering ( July 17 , 1745 - January 29 , 1829 ) was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety of roles , most notably as the third United States Secretary of State , serving in that office from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents George Washington and John Adams .
The harp was played by Sheila Bromberg , the first female musician to appear on a Beatles ' record .
Class Sarcopterygii ( lobe-finned fish )
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
The Audi Q5 ( Internally Designated Typ 8R ) is a compact crossover SUV which was released by German automaker Audi for the 2009 model year .
Most colonial cities in Spanish America were planned around a square plaza de armas , where troops could be mustered , as the name implies , surrounded by the governor 's palace and the main church .
NJCAA National Football Championship
The Mr. Men is a series of 48 ( 46 published in English ) children 's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971 ; they feature characters with names such as '' Mr. Tickle '' and '' Mr. Happy '' .
Weingartner was born in Zara , Dalmatia , Austria -- Hungary ( now Zadar , Croatia ) , to Austrian parents , and the family moved to Graz in 1868 .
Each country is allowed one vote .
He is the only British Prime Minister to have been assassinated .
He played for the German national team ( from 1994 to 2006 ) , where he was starting goalkeeper of the 2002 World Cup squad which reached the Finals and won the FIFA World Cup Golden Ball for his performance .
Kent County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Delaware .
Prayer is done by those who Believe to the power of word and thought .
Historically , the term has denoted a kept woman , who was maintained in a comfortable ( or even lavish ) lifestyle by a wealthy man so that she will be available for his sexual pleasure .
Omega has frequently been the official timekeeper for the Olympics , beginning with the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Viessoix is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
When the floor caved in one night , they began performing every month at CBGBs in New York City .
At its height , Ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople , Baghdad and Cairo .
The hurricane also spent more time as a hurricane during December than any other Atlantic storm ( beating the old record held by Hurricane Lili of 1984 ) .
Satyagraha is a portmanteau of the Sanskrit words satya ( meaning '' truth '' ) and Agraha ( '' insistence '' , or '' holding firmly to '' ) .
Kazimierz Fajans ( Kasimir Fajans in many American publications ; 1887 - 1975 ) was an American physical chemist of Polish origin and a pioneer in the science of radioactivity .
In 2001 the census recorded a permanent population of 19,423 .
By religious affiliation , most Palestinians are Muslim , particularly of the Sunni branch of Islam , and there is a significant Palestinian Christian minority of various Christian denominations in the Palestinian territories .
Since its opening , Christiania has been famous for its open cannabis trade , taking place in the aptly named and centrally located ` Pusher Street ' .
He proposed that the zero point of his temperature scale , being the boiling point , would be calibrated at the mean barometric pressure at mean sea level .
Montmartre is a hill ( the butte Montmartre ) which is 130 metres high , giving its name to the surrounding district , in the north of Paris in the 18th arrondissement , a part of the Right Bank .
Meitnerium ( or ) is a chemical element with the symbol Mt and atomic number 109 .
The name '' Nautilus '' originally referred to the Argonauta , otherwise known as paper nautiluses , because the ancients believed these animals used their two expanded arms as sails ( cf . Aristotle Historia Animalium 622b ) .
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
At its peak strength , it was also the largest tropical cyclone on record with a diameter of 2,220 km ( 1,380 mi ) .
In 1508 war resumed in Italy , this time against the Republic of Venice , which all the other powers with interests on the Italian peninsula , including Louis XII , Ferdinand II , Maximilian , and Pope Julius II joined together against as the ` League of Cambrai ' .
As a music scholar and organist , he studied the music of German composer Johann Sebastian Bach and influenced the Organ reform movement ( Orgelbewegung ) .
Shankly was also a fine player , whose career was interrupted by the Second World War .
Many alkaloids can be purified from crude extracts by acid-base extraction .
David Russell Lange , ONZ , CH ( who pronounced his name ) ( 4 August 1942 - 13 August 2005 ) , served as the 32nd Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1984 to 1989 .
Draughts ( ; British English ) or checkersWhen this word is used in the UK , it is usually spelt chequers ( as in Chinese chequers ) ; see further at American and British spelling differences .
This list contains guyed masts , towers , skyscrapers and chimneys .
Mr. Poe , a friend of the Baudelaire parents and the executor of their affairs , arrives .
Original Red Hot Chili Peppers members Hillel Slovak and Jack Irons left that band just prior to it receiving its first record contract , preferring to focus on What Is This ? . Slovak rejoined the Chili Peppers for their second album and Irons for their third album .
He stayed around the music business throughout the 1970s , first as a backup for artists like country artist Loretta Lynn , and occasionally recording his own material .
It is beautiful language if one can understand the depht of the language .
Grammar Nouns and adjectives Wenedyk does not have articles .
In his first tournament outside the USSR , the Hastings 1934 - 35 , Botvinnik achieved only a tie for 5th-6th places , with 5\/9 .
The buccaneers were later chased off the island by colonial powers and had to seek a life at sea .
The diarist Samuel Pepys observed a marionette show featuring an early version of the Punch character in Covent Garden in London .
Count Henry I of Champagne marries Marie de Champagne .
Despite its success in Southeast Asia , Theravada Buddhism in China has generally been limited to areas bordering Theravada countries .
Variations of dress do occur depending on local business culture and climate .
It is situated between the Danube , the Southern Carpathians and the Olt river ( although counties to the east run across the river in Muntenia in some areas ) .
Emperor Tiberius retires to Capri , leaving the Praetorian Guard under Lucius Aelius Sejanus in charge of the Roman Empire and the city of Rome .
In a late-night Tribal Council ( which usually starts by sundown ) , Jenn sided with Tom in voting his closest yet deceptive ally Ian while Katie and Ian rallied over Jenn .
It is an inner-city district of South London , situated on the south side of the River Thames , 2.9 miles ( 4.8 km ) south-west of Charing Cross .
Jesus College , Oxford was founded by Elizabeth I. October 7 Battle of Lepanto : Spanish , Venetian , and Papal naval forces under Don John of Austria defeat the Turkish fleet of Ali Monizindade Pasha .
However , Mercedes stepped back from the project with the engines only carrying the slogan '' Concept by Mercedes-Benz '' and the engine was officially called Ilmor .
The final instalment of this trilogy was the second film to break the one-billion-dollar barrier and won a total of 11 Oscars , including '' Best Picture '' , '' Best Director '' , '' Best Screenplay '' , and '' Best Musical Score '' .
Nitrogen is formally considered to have been discovered by Daniel Rutherford in 1772 , who called it noxious air or fixed air .
Disturbed at his son 's participation in what he considered a '' useless '' endeavor , Landis ' father tried to discourage him from racing his bike by giving him extra chores .
To be eligible for the award , a player can not have played any more than 25 games previously in any single season , nor have played in more than six games in each of two separate preceding seasons in any major professional league .
The captain of the Parkwood agreed to tow the damaged ship to land .
Paper , represented by an open hand , with the fingers connected ( horizontal ) .
Unlike a majority of towns in the area , Kyneton predates the Victorian gold rushes , having being established in 1850 , whereas the gold rushes started the year after .
It was formerly listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest street in the world at 1896 k , and the construction of Yonge Street is designated an Event of National Historic Significance .
Some precipitation falls as snow or hail , and can accumulate as ice caps and glaciers , which can store frozen water for thousands of years .
Dustin Lee Hoffman ( born August 8 , 1937 ) is an American actor with a career in film , television , and theater since 1960 .
It has elongated horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers .
Mons ( ; Dutch : Bergen ; Picard : Mont ) is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut , of which it is the capital .
Maisch MW , Matzke AT .
She performed '' Dangerously in Love 2 '' at the 2004 Grammy Awards , where it won in the category of Best Female R&B Vocal Performance .
These are harmonics , in which the player lightly touches the string with one or more fingers of the left hand at a position indicated by the hui dots , pluck and lift , creating a crisp and clear sound .
The island was devastated by a storm in the 18th century , and one of the few male survivors carried a gene for achromatopsia ; the population is now several thousand , of whom about 30 % carry this gene .
Richard Parkin Starkey , MBE ( born 7 July 1940 ) , better known by his stage name Ringo Starr , is an English musician , singer-songwriter , and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for The Beatles .
Historians draw a distinction between prehistory and history , with history defined by the advent of writing .
Italia 1 is an Italian commercial television channel on the Mediaset network .
February 2 An unseasonal tornado in central Florida kills at least 20 people .
Archeologically , this Iron Age period continued without breaks towards Roman times , showing that continental Germanic cultures participated in an otherwise Celtic European culture .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
The club began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League , and spent its first season in Los Angeles , California before moving to San Diego in 1961 .
In the late 1990s , a network of astronomers worldwide gathered lightcurve data that was ultimately used to derive the spin states and shape models of 10 new asteroids , including (/O776/O) Berbericia .
Included in the terms of the deal with Red Bull was the clause that the team must keep its headquarters in Faenza , Italy until at least the 2007 season .
Piacé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In late January 2004 , Friedrich returned to Mainz , still contributing with 17 matches en route to promotion ; on 23 May , he scored one of four in the league as he contributed the second goal to the decisive 3 -- 0 home win against SV Eintracht Trier 05 on the final day of the season ( promotion attained on goal difference ) .
Poems by Date : : Desiring God Christian Resource Library Following college , he completed a Bachelor of Divinity degree at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , California ( 1968-71 ) .
Prior to the development of Ana , the government of Bermuda issued a gale warning for the island .
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In practice then , the chances of a second failure before the first has been recovered is not nearly as unlikely as might be supposed , and data loss can , in practice , occur at significant rates .
The Cardinals have won 10 World Series championships , tops in the National League and second in MLB only to the American League 's New York Yankees , who have 27 .
The garrison were auxiliary infantry or cavalry units , not components of Roman legions .
Kraft Foods Inc. ( ) is the largest confectionery , food , and beverage corporation headquartered in the United States.Findarticles.com It markets many brands in more than 155 countries .
Within a relatively short time he managed to lose an enormous amount of weight .
Georgia ( ) is a state located in the southeastern United States .
James '' Jim '' Broadbent ( born 24 May 1949 ) is an English theatre , film and television actor .
Diogo Dias discovered an island they named after St Lawrence after the saint day they had first sighted the island later known as Madagascar August Second Battle of Lepanto : The Turkish fleet of Kemal Reis defeats the Venetians .
This means that oceans and continental crust existed within 150 Ma of Earth 's formation .
Attending Gonville and Caius College at the University of Cambridge , Punnett earned a degree in zoology in 1898 , and a masters in 1902 .
The female brown huntsman can be recognized by her stout body and the pillow-like egg sac that she often carries under her .
A flat piece of heat absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter .
The Oval is the home ground of Surrey County Cricket Club , and also traditionally hosts the final Test match of each English summer season in late August or early September .
The first of the Bishops ' Wars breaks out between Charles I and Scotland .
The Internet Movie Database ( IMDb ) is an online database of information related to movies , television shows , actors , production crew personnel , video games , and most recently , fictional characters featured in visual entertainment media .
Anderson is a city in Denali Borough , Alaska , United States .
It is revealed that this was Kronos 's plan , done so that he would have another chance to manipulate the prophecy which governs the future of Olympus and the Olympians .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
Berries range in color according to species from bright red , through dark purple , and into the blues .
ISBN 1-55939-135-9 Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche ( 2002 ) .
After his professional baseball career ended , Richard became involved in unsuccessful business deals and went through two divorces , which led to him being homeless and destitute in 1994 .
Liber AL vel Legis is the central sacred text of Thelema , written by Aleister Crowley in Cairo , Egypt in the year 1904 .
The award is named after Hugo Gernsback , the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine Amazing Stories .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Theo James Walcott ( born 16 March 1989 ) is an English footballer who plays for Arsenal and the England national team .
The flat Earth model is a view that the Earth 's shape is a flat plane .
During one of her visits to London , the Prince Regent invited her to his home ; his librarian gave her a tour and mentioned that the Regent admired her novels and that '' if Miss Austen had any other Novel forthcoming , she was quite at liberty to dedicate it to the Prince '' .
The town was founded in 1827 , but there were settlements , such as Lehe , in the vicinity as early as the 12th century .
Michael Ciaran Parker ( born 4 May 1952 ) is an English comedian better known by his stage name Michael Barrymore , who appeared as a presenter of game shows and light entertainment programmes on British television in the 1990s .
Edward Roscoe Murrow , KBE ( born Egbert Roscoe Murrow ; Edward R. Murrow April 25 , 1908 & ndash ; April 27 , 1965 ) was an American broadcast journalist .
While other copyright holders of other software systems adopted the GPL as their license , FSF was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software so licensed until Harald Welte launched gpl-violations .
Smelterville is a city in Shoshone County , Idaho , United States .
This makes it very versatile , although the diesel engine produces less power than is available from the third-rail supply so the locomotives rarely stray from the former Southern Region of British Rail .
Nesles-la-Montagne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Development of this theory during the mid 17th century was made possible by advances in microscopy .
First released in Japan on October 21 , 1998 , the Game Boy Color ( abbreviated as GBC ) added a color screen to a form factor slightly smaller than the Game Boy Pocket .
Of those , ethanol ( C2H5OH ) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages , and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol .
The depression then relocated onshore and rapidly dissipated the next morning .
After a 2 -- 1 series victory over the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Western Finals , the Lions lined up in the 51st Grey Cup game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats .
It means that , within an expression containing two or more of the same associative operators in a row , the order that the operations are performed does not matter as long as the sequence of the operands is not changed .
Gandhara was largely Mahayana Buddhist , and was also a stronghold of Vajrayana Buddhism .
Victor Posa ( born November 5 , 1966 in Bari , Italy ) is a former ice hockey defenceman from Italy . He played 2 games in the 1985 - 86 season for the Chicago Black Hawks .
Its main purpose was opposing the expansion of slavery into the western territories , arguing that free men on free soil comprised a morally and economically superior system to slavery .
Situated in the foothills of Kangra and Dalhousie , with the river Chakki flowing close by , the city is often used as a rest-stop before heading into the mountains of Jammu and Kashmir , Dalhousie , Chamba , and Kangra , deep into the Himalayas .
Circuit de Monaco is a street circuit laid out on the city streets of Monte Carlo and La Condamine around the harbor of the principality of Monaco .
Gdebi is a tool that can install .
Rafflesiaceae is a family of parasitic plants found in east and southeast Asia , including Rafflesia arnoldii , the plant with the largest flower of all plants .
The Pope 's inaugural Homily He also spoke a little Czech , Lithuanian , Hungarian , Russian and Ukrainian .
He achieved his first points in the 2005 United States Grand Prix under farcical circumstances as all but three teams pulled out due to an argument over tyre safety .
It may also refer to a number of other professional sport leagues :
MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American grunge band Nirvana .
Dromore , County Down
Gretchen was the daughter of Zora Montgomery Courtney ( 1882 - 1962 ) and was originally from Peoria , Illinois . Her father was Herme Francis Hahnen from Des Moines , Iowa .
Panama is located in Central America , bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , between Colombia and Costa Rica .
Born in South Korea to music-loving parents , Younha began to play the piano at the age of 4 .
Epitaph Records is a Hollywood , California based independent record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz .
The Treaty of Alexandropol was thus signed on December 2\/3 , 1920 .
Nash was employed by the Prince to develop his Marine Pavilion in Brighton , originally designed by Henry Holland .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
Apologists have based their defense of Christianity on historical evidence , philosophical arguments , scientific investigation , and other disciplines .
'' Makes Me Wonder '' is the first single released from Maroon 5 's second album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long (/O2007/O) .
XVI A North American P-51D Mustang Apollo 9 command module '' Gumdrop '' A SPAD VII .
This means that the gap separating the two halves is a mere 60 km , or so .
Some crabapples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to add beneficial characteristics .
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins .
He surveyed and was responsible for the construction of the Middlesex Canal , but today he is perhaps best remembered for the Baldwin apple which he developed at his farm , or rather he recognized its potential and propagated it throughout the northeast .
As of 2008 , the Italian national institute of statistics ISTAT estimated that 275,149 foreign-born immigrants live in Tuscany , equal to 7 % of the total regional population .
There are two basic possibilities for systems of objects held by strings .
For pipe flow , a Reynolds number above about 4000 will most likely correspond to turbulent flow , while a Reynold 's number below 2100 indicates laminar flow .
The dragon fell asleep , and Jason was able to seize the Golden Fleece .
They should not be interpreted in isolation from one another , and editors should therefore familiarize themselves with all three .
The municipality only comprises the city of Eeklo proper .
Daniel Jacob RadcliffeDaniel Radcliffe , or Daniel Jacob Radcliffe ( British actor ) - Britannica Online Encyclopedia ( born 23 July 1989 ) DanRadcliffe.com : Daniel Radcliffe Biography is an English actor , best known for playing Harry Potter in the feature film series based on the popular book series .
The Republic of Guinea-Bissau ( ; , ) is a country in western Africa , and one of the smallest states in continental Africa .
Throughout the season 's airing , the show received much critical acclaim , with praises such as , '' As a flat concept , Avatar the Last Airbender is nothing special , but in execution , it is head and shoulders above other children 's entertainment '' , and that '' as a whole , the look of Avatar is consistently excellent . ''
In thermodynamics , a heat engine performs the conversion of heat energy to mechanical work by exploiting the temperature gradient between a hot '' source '' and a cold '' sink '' .
It refers to a person appearing nude in a public place or to be seen from a public place .
In ancient writings the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were first described by Berossus , a Chaldean priest who lived in the late 4th century BC .
Finally Wilhelm Ostwald 's journal Annalen der Naturphilosophie printed a German edition in 1921 , and Routledge 's Kegan Paul printed a bilingual edition with Russell 's introduction and the Ramsey-Ogden translation in 1922 .
Droseraceae is the botanical name for a family of flowering plants .
Graham has also reached hundreds of millions more through television , video , film , and webcasts .
All British nationals were rounded up and sent to the Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
A simple example of this is a single loop of wire with some constant current flowing through it .
For example , the urban district of Straubing ( SR ) has one letter after the code ( SR - A 123 ) .
In 2005 , the stadium size criterion for entry to the SPL was reduced to 6,000 , thereby allowing Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005 - 06 season .
The Everett Copy , also known as the '' Everett-Keyes Copy , '' was sent by President Lincoln to Edward Everett in early 1864 , at Everett 's request .
Some authors use '' Entoprocta '' , while others prefer '' Kamptozoa '' .
Jack Davenport Biography - Yahoo !
He is also the actual father of blues musicians Big Bill Morganfield and Larry '' Mud Morganfield '' Williams .
He was driven out by Sher Shah Suri , during whose rule nearly all the villages of this ilawa were located .
Helena is considered a suburb of Birmingham and part of the Greater Birmingham-Hoover Metropolitan area .
Its capital is the city of Mopti .
The second opened on 11 December 1884 , and was destroyed in the fire-bombings of World War II between 1943 and 1944 .
The purpose of the event is to be fastest skater over the course while also maintaining control of the puck through a series of pylons .
Their songs typically have humorous and off-beat , satirical lyrics that often deal with sexual subjects and contain many puns and innuendos .
The kidney bean will then start to migrate away from the Earth again in the opposite direction -- instead of the Earth '' falling behind '' the bean , the Earth is '' pulling away from '' the bean .
Urby Vitorrio Diego Emanuelson ( born 16 June 1986 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent , who currently plays for Serie A club Milan .
The judgment that was made on October 1 , 1946 said that he was to be hanged , but he killed himself by using cyanide before his execution .
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen while microbats eat insects , small quantities of the blood of animals , small mammals , fish and may also consume fruit , pollen or nectar .
Battering ram , sometimes as a counter to an oncoming or diving opponent
It was later confirmed that for the 2009 season , he will be partnered by Christijan Albers .
A yacht traveling from Bermuda to New York encountered strong winds and 25 f seas well off the Virginia coast ; its nine occupants were rescued by Coast Guard helicopters .
A taco ( ) is a traditional Mexican dish composed of a corn or wheat tortilla folded or rolled around a filling .
A silkworm 's preferred food is white mulberry leaves , but it may also eat the leaves of the Osage Orange or the Tree of Heaven .
Lang and von Harbou , who were married , wrote the screenplay in , and published a novelization in 1926 , before the film was released .
Rafael Ishkhanyan or Ishkhanian ( , 1922 1996 ) was an Armenian philologist and historian .
He is best remembered for becoming the youngest-ever male player to win a Grand Slam singles title when he won the French Open in 1989 at the age of 17 .
Before 1980 the Executive Council was chaired by the Lieutenant Governor , but thereafter the chairman was elected by Tynwald , the parliament of the Isle of Man .
The street has now been redeveloped , but has not yet regained its former degree of popularity , with a Gala Bingo and a J D Wetherspoon 's taking up much of one side of the street and the rest largely occupied by chain stores .
Patti LaBelle also plays a part in the music video , as Rowland 's mother .
He was released within a year , but in 1637 he was again arrested , and seems to have spent the rest of his life in prison .
On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the UK 's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium ; plans for this have since been abandoned , after it failed to receive authorisation from the Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport .
When the moment of inertia is constant , one can also relate the torque on an object and its angular acceleration in a similar equation : where is the torque and is the angular acceleration .
Medicine The Persian scientist Rhazes distinguishes smallpox from measles in the course of his writings .
The true crows are large passerine birds that form the genus Corvus in the family Corvidae .
The relationship of the librettist ( that is , the writer of a libretto ) to the composer in the creation of a musical work has varied over the centuries , as have the sources and the writing techniques employed .
The 1 inch flowers open from the base of the inflorescence , which grows up to 12 inches long .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
The plot , based on the tale by Pushkin , was concocted in 15 minutes by Konstantin Bakhturin , a poet who was drunk at the time .
William Denby '' Bill '' Hanna ( July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 ) was an American animator , director , producer , television director , television producer , and cartoon artist , whose movie and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
- W V Shannon , Northern Ireland and America 's Responsibility in K M. Cahill ( ed ) , 1984 , The American Irish revival : a decade of the Recorder , 1974-1983 , Associated Faculty Press
In 1920 Duruflé entered the Conservatoire de Paris , eventually graduating with first prizes in organ , harmony , piano accompaniment , and composition .
Bessemer is a Birmingham suburb in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States eight miles west of Hoover .
Assumption of government and French policies Henry was declared of age in 1437 , the year in which his mother died , and assumed the reins of government .
He was a Virginia delegate to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1777 and , during the Second Continental Congress , was a signer of the Declaration of Independence .
March 3 & ndash ; France and the United Kingdom formally declare war on China in the Second Opium War .
Guyencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara .
'' King of Suede '' is a song by '' Weird Al '' Yankovic on his second album '' Weird Al '' Yankovic in 3-D .
By Vermont statute , the Great Seal of Vermont is the shared domain of the Vermont Secretary of State , the offices of the state governorship , and the legislative and judiciary branches of government .
The inscription read Here Men From The Planet Earth First Set Foot Upon the Moon , July 1969 A.D. . We Came in Peace For All Mankind .
The rebellion forces Charles to abandon the Ninth Crusade while still en route to the target city of Constantinople , and allows King Peter III of Aragon to take over rule of the island from Charles ( which in turn leads to Peter 's excommunication by Pope Martin IV ) .
Eventually Lyon decided that he wanted her to have a new name as there were many actresses with the name Jean , or a variation of it such as Jean Peters , Gene Tierney , Jeanne Crain , and Jean Arthur .
Some additives have been used for centuries ; for example , preserving food by pickling ( with vinegar ) , salting , as with bacon , preserving sweets or using sulfur dioxide as in some wines .
They have dark grey to black open rosettes on their body with small spots of the same colour on their heads and larger spots on their legs and tail .
Early years : the mini-computer era The original BASIC language was designed in 1963 by John Kemeny and Thomas KurtzThomas E. Kurtz - History of Programming Languages and implemented by a team of Dartmouth students under their direction .
Discovery and naming Sylvia was discovered by N. R. Pogson on May 16 , 1866 from Madras ( Chennai ) , India Pogson , N. R. ( 1866 ) , Minor Planet ( 87 ) Sylvia , Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , Vol .
One of the most public displays of their strained relationship appeared during the Salem Witch Trials .
Chiwetel Ejiofor as The Operative : A ruthless , intelligent employee of the Alliance assigned to track down River and Simon .
Leah Marie Remini ( born June 15 , 1970 ) is an American actress and model . She is best known for her role as Carrie Heffernan on the CBS sitcom The King of Queens and as Stacey Carosi on the NBC sitcom Saved by the Bell .
January 27 -- Constance of Sicily marries Henry ( the future Henry VI , Holy Roman Emperor ) .
Towns located in Midlothian , Scotland .
The name Golden Earrings was taken from a song , originally sung by Murvyn Vye in 1947 and a hit for Peggy Lee in 1948 , with which they opened their concerts .
Joan 1272 23 Apr. 1307 Married ( 1 ) in 1290 Gilbert de Clare , Earl of Hertford , who died in 1295 , and ( 2 ) in 1297 Ralph de Monthermer .
She made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s , and was soon in demand all over Europe and in New York .
History of Lemonade , CliffordAWright.com The origins , limmi .
Messiah , often incorrectly called The Messiah , is one of Handel 's most famous works .
There are many different smectic phases , all characterized by different types and degrees of positional and orientational order .
js page ( if you 're using a different skin , you probably know what to do ) and purge your cache by following the instructions on that page .
Lisbon becomes the capital of the Kingdom of Portugal .
Nunzio was then in the match , but was eliminated after being counted out of the match when he was unable to return to the ring by the referee 's count of ten .
Linspire , Inc. offered users a '' free Linspire '' ( purchase price discounted to $ 0 ) by using the coupon code '' Freespire '' until September 9 , 2005 .
The mating season begins in mid-March , peaks in mid-April to May , and extends into July .
It stands midway between the mainline stations at Euston and Paddington , about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) from each .
The Count had the right abolished when he married Rosina , but he now wants to reinstate it .
This is especially common with hot noodles , as drawing up the noodles quickly into the mouth helps cool them down .
The speech was delivered by Pericles , an eminent Athenian politician , at the end of the first year of the Peloponnesian War ( 431 - 404 BCE ) as a part of the annual public funeral for the war dead .
A bain-marie ( also known as a water bath ) is a French term for a piece of equipment used in science , industry , and cooking to heat materials gently and gradually to fixed temperatures , or to keep materials warm over a period of time .
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in the Miami , Florida metropolitan area .
Valley of the Damned is the debut album by English power metal band DragonForce .
Keeping articles to a reasonable size is important for Wikipedia 's accessibility , especially for dial-up and mobile browser readers , since it directly affects page download time ( see ) .
Thomas Edward Patrick '' Tom '' Brady , Jr. ( born August 3 , 1977 ) is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
In July 1999 , the Chinese government , under the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , banned Falun Gong and began a nationwide crackdown and multifaceted propaganda campaign against the practice ; in October 1999 it declared Falun Gong a '' heretical organization . '' Human rights groups report that Falun Gong practitioners in China are subject to a wide range of human rights abuses .
The duo later changed their image and style with the release of Sea of Love in 2002 .
Argaeus II 393-392 BCE
Article Three also creates the right to trial by jury in all criminal cases , defines the crime of treason , and charges Congress with providing for a punishment for it .
Oguinnaike , Lola July 30 , 2006 Christina Aguilera , That Dirrty Girl , Cleans Up Real Nice New York Times Retrieved on July 18 , 2008 .
The winners will qualify to the K-1 and the K-1 MAX WGP Final Eliminations held in Osaka Dome , Japan . From there the final top 8 fighters will compete in the K-1 World GP Finals in Tokyo Dome , Japan .
The Mayor proposes policy and the GLA 's budget , and makes appointments to the capital 's strategic executive such as Transport for London and the London Development Agency .
Excerpts from his works and letters Francesco Petrarca ( Petrarch ) ( 1304-1374 ) Timeline of life of Petrarch Poems From The Canzoniere , translated by Tony Kline .
At Cape Race , sustained winds peaked at 46 m , with gusts of up to 60 m/O. The most intense winds remained offshore .
Its chief city and the provincial capital is Mosul , which lies across the Tigris river from the ruins of ancient Nineveh .
Not all declarations of independence are successful and result in independence for these regions .
Consequently , it was agreed that his elder illegitimate half-brother Harold Harefoot was to be regent there .
La Bazoque is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Additionally , rectangles are drawn where each balkline meets a rail , called anchor spaces , which developed to stop a number of nursing techniques that exploited the fact that if the object balls straddled a balkline , no count limit was in place .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly ( Tripoli ) .
The car was essentially a reskin of its predecessor , and carried over the 19 's floorpan , engines , transmissions and chassis design , albeit with much modification .
He is the Member of Parliament for Kilmarnock and Loudoun .
The film features the voices of Kathryn Beaumont as Alice ( also voice of Wendy Darling in the later Disney feature film , Peter Pan ) and Ed Wynn as the Mad Hatter .
He got his nickname after losing his genitalia in an '' unfortunate smelting accident '' .
The Archean is one of the four principal eons of Earth history .
They were frequently used by Chasqui runners delivering messages throughout the Inca Empire .
The population was 11,461 at the 2000 census .
Palm OS ( also known as Garnet OS ) is a mobile operating system initially developed by Palm , Inc. for personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) in 1996 .
Work with organic compounds found on meteorites tends to suggest that chirality is a characteristic of abiogenic synthesis , as amino acids show a left-handed bias , whereas sugars show a predominantly right-handed bias .
Dunkirk ( , ; ; ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Accordingly , the city of Oakland was awarded the eighth AFL franchise on January 30 , 1960 , and the team inherited the Minneapolis club 's draft picks .
Horton was reported dead on arrival at the local hospital .
The film was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival .
Miles per hour is a unit of speed , measured in imperial units expressing the number of international miles covered in one hour .
There was no Reward Challenge due to tribal merge , therefore no one was sent to Exile Island .
This system has been in place since the line opened in 1968 , making the Victoria line the world 's first full-scale automatic railway .
In many countries its use is controlled , at least like that of a drug , most make its use illegal .
Developmental Dictatorship and the Park Chung-hee Era ( Homa & Sekey , 2006 ) His rule was ended by his assassination in 1979 .
The Aral Sea is also heavily polluted , largely as the result of weapons testing , industrial projects , pesticides and fertilizer runoff .
In 2001 , the preservation society celebrated its 50th anniversary , and in 2005 a major rebuilding and extension of Tywyn Wharf station took place , including a much-expanded facility for the Narrow Gauge Railway Museum .
It is one of the five rivers which gives the Punjab region its name .
ZHOR ) is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Walt Disney Pictures is an American film studio owned by The Walt Disney Company . Walt Disney Pictures and Television , a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Studios and the main production company for live-action feature films within the Walt Disney Motion Pictures Group , based at the Walt Disney Studios , acquires and produces output that are released under the Walt Disney Pictures and Touchstone Pictures banners .
The Creation of Adam is a section of Michelangelo 's fresco Sistine Chapel ceiling painted circa 1511 .
Origlio is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 1997 , the Orchestra moved out of the Teatro de la Zarzuela to take up residence at the Teatro Real , which had been reopened recently by the Community .
Filospermoidea
Kalliope is somewhat elongated , approximately 166 km in diameter , and slightly asymmetric , as evidenced by resolved images taken with the VLT at the European Southern Observatory .
By mid-morning on October 22 , 2007 , thousands of evacuees were taking shelter in Qualcomm Stadium and other locations throughout San Diego .
Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 concert tour by American R&B - soul singers Beyoncé and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott , with Canadian singer Tamia as their tour guest .
It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy .
Dried flowers such as chrysanthemum , rose , jasmine , camomile are infused into tea both for their fragrance and medical properties .
As a polymath , he contributed to a wide range of subjects , including ethics , religion , anthropology , economics , political theory , philosophy , biology , sociology , and psychology .
In Southeast Asia , Singapore publisher Chuang Yi , currently translates Pokémon Adventures into English , and continues to translate new volumes to this day , so far up to volume 33 .
The Insular high crosses of Ireland and Britain are specialized stelae .
February 12 & ndash ; Ecuador annexes the Galapagos Islands .
He was thinking of a specific word , which he deemed a missing key word in the lyrics , to fit the song 's concept .
Joacim Cans ( born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden ) is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 258,916 people , 106,755 households , and 74,621 families residing in the county .
A deal was agreed with the Scottish Liberal Democrats to form a coalition , with Dewar agreeing to their demand for the abolition of up-front tuition fees for university students .
The National Hurricane Center issued numerous tropical storm watches throughout the storm 's duration , while in Costa Rica a red alert warning was placed into effect across much of the country , and over 100,000 people were evacuated .
The religious change survived only until the death of Akhenaten , and the old religion was quickly restored during the reign of Tutankhamun , however an effort was made to erase Akhenaten 's name from history for his heretical actions .
Ion Iliescu ( ; born March 3 , 1930 ) is a Romanian politician , the second President of Romania .
Poaching of the snow leopard is also a serious problem in Russia along with Afghanistan , India , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Mongolia , Nepal , Pakistan , People 's Republic of China , Russia , Tajikstan and Uzbekistan .
Upon learning that Jesus is from Galilee , Pilate refers the case to the ruler of Galilee , King Herod , who was in Jerusalem for the Passover Feast .
Percy Sledge ( born November 25 , 1941 , Leighton , Alabama ) is an American R&B and soul performer who recorded the hit '' When a Man Loves a Woman '' in 1966 .
Physical experiments determined a half-life of ~ 16 h whilst chemical experiments provided a value of ~ 32 h/O. The half-life is often taken as ~ 28 h due to the higher number of atoms detected by chemical means This is the longest lived transactinide isotope and is a reflection of the stability of the Z = 108 and N = 162 closed shells and the effect of odd particles in nuclear decay .
According to the Arrernte traditional stories , in the desert surrounding Alice Springs , the landscape was shaped by caterpillars , wild dogs , travelling boys , two sisters , euros , and other ancestral figures .
The host then collects the utensils , and the guests leave the tea house .
Earlington is a city in Hopkins County , Kentucky , United States .
Gibraltar is used to secure local area networks as a firewall software .
Eric Jack Pickles ( born 20 April 1952 ) is a British Conservative Party politician . Pickles was appointed Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government of the coalition government headed by Prime Minister David Cameron on 12 May 2010 .
On January 1 , 2006 Boutersem had a total population of 7,532 .
When so used , rocks are called dimension stone .
Racing was interrupted in 1917 - 1918 by World War I , when the facility served as a military aviation repair and refueling depot .
'' Dilemma '' is a song by the American rapper Nelly , a duet with R&B singer Kelly Rowland .
History Cork was originally a monastic settlement founded by St. Finbarr in the sixth century .
Freshwater eels ( unagi ) and marine eels ( conger eel , anago ) are commonly used in Japanese cuisine ; foods such as Unadon and Unajuu are popular but expensive .
Automatic brakes on the other hand use the air or vacuum pressure to hold the brakes off against a reservoir carried on each vehicle , which applies the brakes if pressure\/vacuum is lost in the train pipe .
Victor Emmanuel III , the King of Italy , and Mussolini agreed with the Duke of Aosta and by the beginning of August the campaign was ready to commence .
When she touches someone she absorbs their life force , their powers ( if they are a mutant ) and , if she holds on too long , she ends their life .
Consequently governments are usually very careful about framing the Terms of Reference and generally include in them a date by which the commission must finish .
The initiative was being led by JAM Magazine and was being supported by MTV India .
Although the spectrum is continuous , with no clear boundaries between one color and the next , the ranges may be used as an approximation .
This article is about the marriage practice .
The culture of Varanasi is closely associated with the River Ganges and the river 's religious importance .
The Four Chaplains of the U.S. Army are drowned , when their ship ( USAT Dorchester ) is struck by a German torpedo .
Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico .
This is the origin of their name , as they are quite literally '' pasted '' onto the body part .
Not only was the last king of the Early Dynastic Period related to the first two kings of the Old Kingdom , but the ` capital ' , the royal residence , remained at Ineb-Hedg , the Ancient Egyptian name for Memphis .
In some societies , slavery existed as a legal institution or socio-economic system , but today it is formally outlawed in nearly all countries .
The Feistel structure has the advantage that encryption and decryption operations are very similar , even identical in some cases , requiring only a reversal of the key schedule .
The Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus FRS ( 14 February 1766 - 29 December 1834 ) was a British scholar , influential in political economy and demography .
Politics In 1976 , a scandal arose in Sweden when Lindgren 's marginal tax rate was publicized to have risen to 102 % .
Trains operate on the Swanage Railway between Swanage and Norden Park & Ride every weekend and Bank Holiday from mid-February to the end of the year , and every day of the week from April to October ; with Santa Special services in December .
He plays guitar for Estopa and sings backing vocals , as well as lead vocals on a few songs .
Jansen was charged with attempted murder and sentenced to 10 years in prison .
It has been badly affected by drought since 2001 .
Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 3.80 % of the population .
Also , many radio shows , including The Gallo Radio Show , most of the songs played on Southern Crossroads , sometimes The Rick & Bubba Show , The Steve and DC Morning Show , especially The JT & Dave Show , Air Bubba and The Bob & Tom Show are notable for this .
It presents an independent , transdisciplinary analysis of four ways to reduce petroleum dependence in the United States : Using oil more efficiently , through smarter technologies that wring more ( and often better ) services from less oil ( pp .
The star then evolves into a degenerate form , recycling a portion of the matter into the interstellar environment , where it will form a new generation of stars with a higher proportion of heavy elements .
The Kennedy Center Honors are awarded each year to those in the performing arts who have contributed greatly to the cultural life of the United States .
His role as protagonist and anti-hero occurs in the fourth novel , Hannibal Rising (/O2006/O) , which explores his childhood and development into a serial killer .
The Alfa Romeo 156 ( known internally as the type 932 ) is a compact executive car introduced by Italian automaker Alfa Romeo at the 1997 Frankfurt Motor Show as the replacement for the Alfa Romeo 155 .
The power unit used was a Napier Deltic T9-29 9-cylinder engine of 1100 b driving an EE generator , which powered the four traction motors .
Isolde collapses beside her deceased lover just as the appearance of another ship is announced .
The series achieved even greater success with Super Smash Bros. .
Lake Buena Vista is a city in Orange County , Florida , United States .
Dunstan ( 909 -- 19 May 988 ) Lapidge , '' Dunstan Dunstan ( d. 988 ) '' was an Abbot of Glastonbury Abbey , a Bishop of Worcester , a Bishop of London , and an Archbishop of Canterbury , later canonised as a saint .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
The ancient parishes diverged into two distinct units during the 19th century .
Lopez returned to Opeth for the Seattle show on the final leg of the Deliverance and Damnation tour .
There were around 55,000 people missing and many other deaths were found in other towns and areas , although the Burmese government 's official death toll may have been underreported , and there have been allegations that they stopped updating the death-toll after 138,000 to minimize political fallout .
April 7 , 1995 : D Igor Ulanov and C Mike Eagles traded from Winnipeg to Washington for Washington 's third and fifth round draft picks in 1995 Entry Draft .
Blood Tsunami is a Norwegian thrash metal band .
Manuel José Quintana y Lorenzo ( April 11 , 1772 - March 11 , 1857 ) , was a Spanish poet and man of letters .
Jackals may occasionally assemble in small packs , for example to scavenge a carcass , but normally hunt alone or as a pair .
Writing may use abstract characters that represent phonetic elements of speech , as in Indo-European languages , or it may use simplified representations of objects or concepts , as in east-Asian and ancient Egyptian pictographic writing forms .
Maksim Mrvica ( ; born May 3 , 1975 ) is a Croatian pianist .
- Olu esas bela planeto - dicis la serpento - .
Others just have the possibility of being attached to keychains , necklaces and lanyards .
The grey wolf or gray wolf ( Canis lupus ) , also known as simply wolf , is the largest wild member of the Canidae family .
The Scottish Parliament ( ; Scots : Scottish Pairlament ) The Scots for Scottish is in fact Scots .
Boehner previously served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 until 2011 , and House Majority Leader from 2006 until 2007 .
It is bounded by the Gilgit ( Northern Areas ) to the North , with Kupwara , Baramulla and Bandipore Districts of Jammu and Kashmir State India to the South and Southeast , Muzaffarabad District to the Southwest and Mansehra District to the West .
An Arabic translation has been airing on MBC 3 since early 2006 .
The tracks '' Crazy Train '' and '' Mr. Crowley '' were released as singles .
National Football Conference ( 1970 -- present )
Michael Keller Ditka , Jr. ( born October 18 , 1939 in Carnegie , Pennsylvania ) , also known as '' Iron Mike '' , is a former American football NFL player , television commentator , and coach .
Martin Stanford Peters MBE , ( born 8 November 1943 in Plaistow , London ) is a former football player and member of the victorious England team which won the 1966 World Cup as well as playing in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
From 1998 - 2003 , an IROC event was held as a support race .
They have released three full length albums .
The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube , dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed , lying in a circle of light , and riding a mechanical bull .
There he spent the first sixteen years of his life , and received all his schooling , most of it from his father , Robert P. Nevin , editor and proprietor of a Pittsburgh newspaper , and a contributor to many magazines .
The game was released on November 12 , 2009 in Australia , November 15 , 2009 in North America , November 20 , 2009 in Europe and December 3 , 2009 in Japan .
When he hears the pin is Susanna 's , he is overcome with jealousy , especially as he recognizes the pin to be the one that fastened the letter to the Count .
Commonwealth countries which use the rank include Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , India , Singapore , Sri Lanka and Kenya .
Furthermore , it is erroneous to use the term extremophile to encompass all archaeans , as some are mesophilic .
Glory to the Brave is the debut album released by the Swedish power metal band HammerFall in 1997 .
Qom is one of the 30 provinces of Iran with 11,237 km , covering 0.89 % of the total area in Iran .
Pessac-sur-Dordogne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Besides , abstention from cigarette smoking is important for people with hypertension because it reduces the risk of many dangerous outcomes of hypertension , such as stroke and heart attack .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , before the 6th century AD . From India , the game spread to Persia .
Dennis James Kennedy , ( November 3 , 1930 - September 5 , 2007 ) , better known as D. James Kennedy , was an American televangelist , megachurch pastor , and founder of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , where he was senior pastor from 1960 until his death in 2007 .
A simple example of this is a single loop of wire with some constant current flowing through it .
In July 2004 , the family filed suit , seeking $ 1.6 million in royalties from Disney .
This a tactic most often associated with protest groups that have access to many large vehicles , such as truckers and farmers .
Ranked 4th nationally
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Moorgate station is a central London National Rail and London Underground station in the City of London , on Moorgate , north of London Wall .
Hera summons the Titans out while Zeus checks on Alcmene , who has been shrunk and placed in a small Arabian doll house castle for safety from Hera .
In Hesiod 's Theogony , Nyx is born of Chaos ; her offspring are many , and telling .
Mukhali is appointed myriarch of the left wing of the newly reorganized Mongol army , and granted immunity for up to 9 breaches of the law .
In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township of Wake County was transferred to Durham County and became Carr Township .
The swimming speed of Ophthalmosaurus has been estimated at 2.5 m\/s or greater , but even assuming a conservative speed of 1 m\/s , an Ophthalmosaurus would be able to dive to 600 meters and return to the surface within 20 minutes .
Igor Fyodorovich Stravinsky ( , ) ( -- 6 April 1971 ) was a Russian composer , pianist , and conductor , widely acknowledged as one of the most important and influential composers of 20th century music .
The facilities include :
The blade pitch is typically controlled by a swashplate connected to the helicopter flight controls .
Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a co-educational high school , with the campus at the site of the former Marist Brothers ' College , on the banks of the Lachlan River .
While the software may also log some delta information elsewhere , it expects the storage to present '' atomic write semantics , '' meaning that the write of the data either occurred in its entirety or did not occur at all . However , very few storage systems provide support for atomic writes , and even fewer specify their rate of failure in providing this semantic .
It is a part of the Rajshahi Division .
Orlando International Airport is a major international airport located six nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of the central business district of Orlando . It is the second busiest airport in Florida , after Miami International Airport .
Together with Psalm 151 they are also called the ` Five Apocryphal Psalms of David ' .
The film makers appealed the NC-17 rating because of the highly negative stigma associated with NC-17 rated films , and because the NC-17 restricts the distribution and actual sales of such movies .
Paul Lloyd Jr. ( born March 3 , 1981 ) is a second-generation South African professional wrestler . He is signed with World Wrestling Entertainment , and performs on the SmackDown brand under the name Justin Gabriel .
Dr. Phil is a talk show hosted by Phil McGraw .
Expedition to the Americas Thus , on February 13 , 1502 , he sailed from Spain with a fleet of thirty ships .
The dam creates Lake Burrendong .
Airport Extreme Base Stations do not support NTFS or exFAT volumes . An AirPort Disk is essentially a hard disk connected to an Airport Extreme Base Station or Time Capsule ( though Airport Express does not support it ) .
At some colleges , the athletic director may hold academic rank but this practice is on the wane .
Countries with school uniforms mandated include Japan , India , Australia , Hong Kong and the United Kingdom , as well as many other places .
The significance of soft-bodied preservation , and the range of organisms he recognized as new to science , led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924 .
John Thomas '' Mum '' Mowers ( October 29 , 1916 - December 7 , 1995 ) was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who played for the Detroit Red Wings .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Brentford Football Club are a professional English football club based in Brentford in the London Borough of Hounslow .
They helped people from poor localities resolve problems with housing , unemployment or debts by means of social counselling and assistance .
Distances for thoroughbred horse races in Australia were metricated in 1972 but in the United Kingdom Example of the use of furlongs in horse racing , Ireland , Canada , and the United States , races are still given in miles and furlongs .
Refraction of light is the most commonly observed phenomenon , but any type of wave can refract when it interacts with a medium , for example when sound waves pass from one medium into another or when water waves move into water of a different depth .
It is located in the south-east of the island , covering more than 8 % of the country .
Robert James Lee '' Bob '' Hawke AC GCL ( born 9 December 1929 ) was the 23rd Prime Minister of Australia and longest serving Australian Labor Party Prime Minister .
Brigadier Chater used his Camel Corps supplemented by small patrols of the Illalos ( a small force of tribal levies normally employed on police duties ) to skirmish with and screen against the advancing Italians as the other British and Commonwealth forces pulled back towards Tug Argan .
Her sister , Carolina Weidenhayn , ( 1822-1902 ) , became the first professional female xylographer , who after studies in Paris 1858-1867 , became an instructor at the technical school Tekniska Skolan in 1859-1881 .
In 1481 , Pope Sixtus IV summoned Botticelli and other prominent Florentine and Umbrian artists to fresco the walls of the Sistine Chapel .
The city is the seat of the municipal government .
The screenplay was written by Steven E. de Souza and Doug Richardson , adapted from the novel 58 Minutes by Walter Wager .
The rainfall caused flooding and street washouts in several cities along the Avalon Peninsula .
Gerhard Ertl ( born 10 October 1936 ) is a German physicist and a Professor emeritus at the Department of Physical Chemistry , Fritz-Haber-Institut der Max-Planck-Gesellschaft in Berlin , Germany .
The title is a combination of Garage Days Re-Revisited and their song '' Damage , Inc. '' The album features artists that have influenced Metallica , including many bands from the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement .
Larry Joe Bird ( born December 7 , 1956 ) is a retired American NBA basketball player , whom coach Red Auerbach considered to be the greatest basketball player of all time .
Results # Results Stipulations Times Super Crazy defeated Carlito .
Pearson 's product-moment coefficient A number of different coefficients are used for different situations .
After the joining of Natasha Shneider the band was first renamed Walk the Moon and then Eleven .
The film currently hold an 18 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes , with a 25 % rating from a select group of critics .
Gabriel Alejandro Paletta ( born 15 February 1986 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine central defender , who plays for Parma F.C. .
His additions to the curriculum included the teaching of carpentry , wood turning , bricklaying , blacksmithing , animal husbandry , horticulture and floriculture , mattress and broom making , shoe making , poultry raising , tailoring , electrical engineering , and domestic science .
Lake Ontario ( ) is one of the five Great Lakes of North America .
E.g. sponsorship , product placement , endorsements , sales promotion , merchandising , direct mail , personal selling , public relations , trade shows
Womack was born and raised in Jacksonville , Texas , United States .
Gallimimus ( GAL-i-MYE-mus ) ( meaning '' chicken or rooster mimic '' ) is a genus of ornithomimid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period ( Maastrichtian stage ) Nemegt Formation of Mongolia .
The Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet is the cabriolet version of the Volkswagen Golf hatchback .
The Marquess of Rockingham ( 1750-1761 ) The Most Hon.
The Investiture Controversy was the most significant conflict between Church and state in medieval Europe .
This is considerably higher than in any other European country .
Thomas died shortly afterwards in 2004 , and Johnston ( who was by that point the last surviving '' Old Man '' ) died in 2008 .
Overall Classification ( 1986 , 1989 , 1990 )
The city is served by two international airports and a seaplane terminal : Glasgow International Airport ( GLA ) ( 13 k west of the city center ) , Glasgow Prestwick International Airport ( PIK ) which is approximately 30 miles south west of Glasgow in Ayrshire ( not technically Glasgow ) and Glasgow Seaplane Terminal , by the Glasgow Science Centre on the River Clyde .
Sulfur or sulphur ( , see spelling below ) is the chemical element that has the atomic number 16 .
Some participants may drink the urine ; this practice is known as urophagia , though urophagia refers to the consumption of urine regardless of whether the context is sexual .
She left Portsmouth on 13 May 1787 , carrying 101 female convicts , and arrived at Port Jackson , Sydney , Australia , on 26 January 1788 .
The New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) is a stock exchange located at 11 Wall Street in lower Manhattan , New York City , USA .
In order to save his job , Thunderbolt decides to venture out into the world and perform an act of true heroism to prove himself .
If heather and other vegetation is left for too long , a large volume of dry and combustible material builds up .
Chocolate cake is a cake flavored with melted chocolate or cocoa powder .
The early period of Marathi theater was dominated by playwrights like Kolhatkar , Khadilkar , Deval , Gadkari and Kirloskar who enriched the Marathi theater for about half a century with excellent musical plays known as Sangeet Naatak .
Richard I of England is taken hostage by Leopold V of Austria .
Christians believe that , as the Messiah , Jesus was anointed by God as ruler and savior of humanity , and hold that Jesus ' coming was the fulfillment of messianic prophecies of the Old Testament .
Biodiversity is the variation of life forms within a given ecosystem , biome , or for the entire Earth .
Henrik began his career in the Swedish Elite League with Modo Hockey in 1997 and was co-recipient , with Daniel , of the 1999 Golden Puck as Swedish player of the year .
Despite crashing on his third lap in the car in testing , he finished fifth overall in the winter series .
'' Faker '' redirects here .
Out of the twenty selected , the eventual choices for the first launch were Gagarin and Gherman Titov because of their performance in training , as well as their physical characteristics - space was at a premium in the small Vostok cockpit and both men were rather short .
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
It is located approximately 60 km south east of the state capital , Hobart .
A tribal switch occurred on day 11 , mixing the two tribes ; subsequent voting only strengthened Ami 's alliances .
In the following years , he and John T. Robinson made a series of spectacular finds , including fragments from six hominids in Sterkfontein , which they named Plesianthropus transvaalensis , popularly called Mrs. Ples , but which was later classified as an adult Australopithecus africanus , as well as more discoveries at sites in Kromdraai and Swartkrans .
Ceremony The broadcast of the Golden Globe Awards , telecast to more than 150 countries worldwide , generally ranks as the third most-watched awards show each year , behind only the Oscars and the Grammy Awards .
Following the invention by Denis Papin of the steam digester in 1679 , and a first piston steam engine in 1690 , the first practical steam-powered ` engine ' was a water pump , developed in 1698 by Thomas Savery .
Lea Fastow is a native of Houston , Texas , where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the J. Weingarten Incorporated [ ] grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors .
For this reason , soy is a good source of protein , amongst many others , for vegetarians and vegans or for people who want to reduce the amount of meat they eat .
Khondaker Moshtaq Ahmad ( also spelled Khandakar Mushtaq Ahmed and phonetically spelt Khondokar Mushtak Ahmed ) ( 1918 -- March 5 , 1996 ) was a Bangladeshi politician who served as the President of Bangladesh from 15 August to 6 November 1975 after the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the founding leader of Bangladesh .
Also constructions in soil can fail due to shear ; e.g. , the weight of an earth-filled dam or dike may cause the subsoil to collapse , like a small landslide .
Turntablism is the art of manipulating sounds and creating music using phonograph turntables or digital turntables and a DJ mixer .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Miglieglia ( ) is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none Rock On The Net : 34th Annual Grammy Awards - 1992 .
In addition , the storm killed 182 million fish in the basin , causing $ 160 million ( 1992 USD ) in lost value .
In response , the Chinese government assembled a force of 35,000 police to check northern Chinese brick kilns for slaves , sent dozens of kiln supervisors to prison , punished 95 officials in Shanxi province for dereliction of duty , and sentenced one kiln foreman to death for killing an enslaved worker .
Upon his arrival at Gorizia he caught cholera and died on 6 November 1836 .
New Castle is the only town in Craig County , Virginia , United States .
Palak is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
A petition is a request to change something , most commonly made to a government official or public entity .
'' acronym '' '' Cambridge Dictionary of American English '' , accessed Oct 5 , 2008 : '' a word created from the frst letters of each word in a series of words . ''
Each student is responsible for designing their own Division II in cooperation with a committee of at least two faculty members ( who must give their approval ) .
It often results from the bacterial break down of sulfites in nonorganic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in swamps and sewers ( anaerobic digestion ) .
Britannica Concise EncyclopediaGeography : Panama CIA World Factbook 2008 .
Thiruvananthapuram is built on hills by the sea shore and is located at on the west coast , near the southern tip of mainland India .
Andranik participated in the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913 , within the Bulgarian army , alongside Garegin Njdeh as a commander of Armenian auxiliary troops in Macedonian-Adrianopolitan Volunteer Corps .
Prior to going to India , Aqa Ali Shah had developed close relations with the leader of one of the Nimatullahi branches , Rahmat Ali Shah , who had been a guest of Aga Khan I in Mahallat in 1833 . After Rahmat Ali Shah 's death in 1861 , Aqa Ali Shah often sent money from India for the recitation of the Qur ` an at his grave in Shiraz .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
Secondary spontaneous pneumothorax occurs in the setting of a variety of lung diseases .
He uses the term in the context of societies at war , and the form of his reference suggests that he is applying a general principle .
Nicholas William Peter '' Nick '' Clegg ( born 7 January 1967 ) is a British politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Lord President of the Council and Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform in the UK coalition government of David Cameron .
Hugo Awards have been presented every year since 1955 .
Nevertheless , the contact with the Vienna Circle stimulated Wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy .
The Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award is an annual college football award given to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coach whose team excels on the field , in the classroom , and in the community .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and written by David Koepp , and stars Tobey Maguire , Willem Dafoe , Kirsten Dunst , and James Franco .
Charlotte continued her education at Roe Head , Mirfield , from 1831 to 1832 .
Kingfisher is a city in and the county seat of Kingfisher County , Oklahoma , United States .
Clark has worked with musicians in various genres , including George Clinton and Kid Rock , but is best known for his work with Insane Clown Posse , for which he has produced nine studio albums .
Tristan da Cunha : The World 's Most Remote Inhabited Island How Stuff Works .
As a result of this , in 1994 -- 2000 Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Slovakia as well as Mexico and the Republic of Korea became members of the organization .
In popular culture The river is now internationally famous thanks to the music of the 1960s known as Merseybeat from the Mersey Sound and its strong association with Liverpool .
Age of Empires III ( AoE III ) is a real-time strategy ( RTS ) game developed by Microsoft Corporation 's Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios .
The London Borough of Merton ( ) is a London borough in south west London .
David Warner plays all three main antagonists : the program Sark , his User Ed Dillinger , and the voice of the Master Control Program .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
In invertebrates such as worms , the terms '' gastrointestinal tract '' and '' large intestine '' are often used to describe the entire intestine .
Windows 2000 Unattended Setup Guide Unattended installations rely on the use of answer files to fill in installation information , and can be performed through a bootable CD using Microsoft Systems Management Server , by the System Preparation Tool .
How I Met Your Mother is an American situation comedy that premiered on CBS on September 19 , 2005 .
was a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei .
Sled dogs have become a popular winter recreation and sport in North America and Europe ; sled dogs are now found even in such unlikely places as Germany and Japan . Several distinct dog breeds are used as sled dogs , however , dog drivers have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs .
It has a good range of desktop and rescue software and can be loaded entirely into RAM ( as space permits ) or be installed to a hard drive .
A side plot of Order of the Phoenix involves Harry 's romance with Cho Chang , but the relationship quickly unravels .
Tim Hortons has an international presence including outlets in the United States , including one opened in Detroit and owned by former NBA player Derrick Coleman and one on a military base outside Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Politically , the Maluku Islands formed a single province from 1950 until 1999 .
Narre Warren is a railway station in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , located in the suburb of Narre Warren , on the Pakenham railway line . Narre Warren is classed as a Premium Station and is in Metcard Zone 2 .
The coldest average temperatures of the season are typically experienced in January in the Northern Hemisphere and in June or July in the Southern Hemisphere .
Today , the rebellion remains controversial , and is frequently mentioned by specialists in black and colonial studies .
Sacriston is a village and civil parish in County Durham , England , situated north of the city of Durham .
It was invented between 1830 and 1850 by the Belgian polymath Adolphe Quetelet during the course of developing '' social physics '' .
Carpenter has starred in an assortment of made-for-tv and direct-to-video movies including the sex comedy What Boys Like , the horror film Voodoo Moon , and the romantic comedies See Jane Date and Relative Chaos on ABC Family ( the latter of which co-starred Nicholas Brendon who was also one of her co-stars from Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
Measuring browser usage in the number of requests ( page hits ) made by each user agent can be misleading .
History and classification Though geographically surrounded by Indo-European languages , Basque is classified as a language isolate .
The date of Alban 's execution is a matter of some debate and is generally given as '' circa 250 '' -- scholars generally suggest dates of 209 , 254 or 304 .
'' One Sweet Day '' is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey and R&B group Boyz II Men .
Editorial The Jamaat Talks Backin The Bangladesh Observer December 30 , 2005 .
The roots of Greek drama are in religious festivals for the gods , chiefly Dionysus , the god of wine .
The difference between oars and paddles are that paddles are held by the paddler , and are not connected with the vessel .
The song is like several other songs , such as '' Supersonic '' , in that it preaches the importance of being yourself .
Initially , between 1879 -- 1883 , they performed embryological studies , especially on the theory of the coelom (/O1881/O) , the fluid-filled body cavity .
She has won 11 WTA singles titles and 5 WTA doubles titles and has earned over US$ 7.6 million in prize money .
The Easter Rising ( ) Department of the Taoiseach - Easter Rising was an insurrection staged in Ireland during Easter Week , 1916 .
Keller wrote a total of 12 published books and several articles .
By 2000 , The Bronx had a population of about 1.2 million , and its bridges , highways , and railroads were more heavily traveled than those of any other part of the United States .
Lewis Paul Bremer III ( born September 30 , 1941 ) , also nicknamed Jerry Bremer , is an American diplomat .
Miss Wormwood is Calvin 's world-weary teacher , named after the apprentice devil in C.S. Lewis 's The Screwtape Letters .
Catherine gave birth to her only child -- a daughter , Mary Seymour , named after her stepdaughter who would go on to become Queen Mary I of England -- on 30 August 1548 , and died only six days later , on 5 September 1548 , at Sudeley Castle in Gloucestershire , from what is thought to be puerperal fever or puerperal sepsis , also called childbed fever .
The size or length of an instruction varies widely , from as little as four bits in some microcontrollers to many hundreds of bits in some VLIW systems .
Xanthan gum may be derived from a variety of source products that are themselves common allergens , such as corn , wheat , dairy , or soy .
The name ` Araluen ' meant ` water lily ' or ` place of the water lilies ' in the local aboriginal dialect .
Holds the single-season shutout record with 22 shutouts in 1928 -- 29 .
In his own time , his reputation far exceeded that of his contemporaries , Hokusai , Hiroshige and Kuniyoshi .
River Almond ( Scotland )
In North Carolina , the storm surge from Isabel washed out a portion of Hatteras Island to form what was unofficially known as Isabel Inlet .
Abu ` l-Wafa , Iranian mathematician
It is a remake of the 1961 animated film of the same name ( which was based on Dodie Smith 's 1956 novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians ) .
The Wild is a 2006 computer-animated film directed by Steve '' Spaz '' Williams , produced by Clint Goldman , assistant produced by Jim Burton and C.O.R.E. Feature Animation , and was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 14 , 2006 , in the United States .
He then was taken off television for over a year while working in the developmental system and participating in a number of dark matches , all of which he won .
Faust 's arrangement is that if during the time while Mephistopheles is serving Faust , Faust is so pleased with anything the devil gives him that he wants to stay in that moment forever , he will die in that instant .
It is the terminus of two main lines : the busier Great Eastern Main Line ( GEML ) to Ipswich and Norwich , and the West Anglia Main Line to Cambridge .
Amomum ( commonly known as black cardamom ( ) , brown cardamom , Kravan , Java cardamom , Bengal cardamom , Siamese cardamom , white cardamom , or red cardamom ) is distributed mainly in Asia and Australia .
Paranthropus is associated with stone tools both in southern and eastern Africa , although there is considerable debate whether they were made and utilized by these robust australopithecines or contemporaneous Homo .
Camden County is a member of the Albemarle Commission regional council of governments .
Political reforms were instituted in the election procedures of the pope and the doges of Venice , and the parliaments of Ireland and England met for the first time .
At that moment , the god Ame-no-Tajikarawo-no-mikoto dashed forth and closed the cave behind her , refusing to budge so that she could no longer retreat .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong .
Chelmsford is the county town of Essex , England , and the principal settlement of the borough of Chelmsford .
Though they are normally long ( up to 50cm \/O/ 30 in ) Phoronids are normally very thin .
Natsu rescues her and reveals that he is the real Salamander of Fairy Tail and has the skills of a Dragon Slayer ( fire type ) , an ancient magic .
