Robinson was also known for his pursuits outside the baseball diamond .
The rule to determine the diatonic number of a compound interval ( an interval larger than one octave ) , based on the diatonic numbers of the simple intervals from which it is built is explained in a separate section .
The University of Kentucky , also known as UK , is a public , co-educational , university , and is one of the state 's two land-grant universities , located in Lexington , Kentucky .
Facilities for men often also have separate urinals , either wall-mounted fixtures designed for a single user , or a constantly-draining basin or trough for collective use .
He is best known as the lead vocalist and songwriter of the rock band Linkin Park .
Bowling for Soup have used the song as an intro on the UK leg of their recent Get Happy Tour .
Thus NATO , which we pronounce NATOH , is an acronym for North Atlantic Treaty Organization , and LASER ( which we pronounce '' lazer '' ) , is an acronym for Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation .
The Hassan II Mosque ( ) , located in Casablanca is the largest mosque in Morocco and the fifth largest mosque in the world after the Masjid al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) of Mecca and the Al-Masjid al-Nabawi ( Prophet 's Mosque ) in Medina .
Lilo & Stitch was the second of three Disney animated features produced primarily at the Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida studio located at Walt Disney World 's Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando , Florida .
Elections were held in 1965 , and Ayub Khan defeated Fatima Jinnah , sister of the founder of Pakistan , Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
MEPIS was designed as an alternative to SUSE Linux , Red Hat Linux , and Mandriva Linux ( formerly Mandrake ) which , in the creator Warren Woodford 's opinion , were too difficult for the average user .
Formerly the imperial capital of Japan , it is now the capital of Kyoto Prefecture , as well as a major part of the Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto metropolitan area .
The school was subsequently re-named the American School for the Deaf and in 1821 moved to its present site .
When he asked his mother if he could write a screenplay of the novel , she agreed because of his ability as a playwright .
Having clamored for a fight for two years , Hearst took credit for the conflict when it came : A week after the United States declared war on Spain , he ran '' How do you like the Journal 's war ? ''
In medicine , hematuria , or haematuria , is the presence of red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) in the urine .
It is located in the archaeological region of the Petén Basin in what is now northern Guatemala .
The population of the city ( commune ) at the 1999 census was 70,850 inhabitants ( 71,300 inhabitants as per February 2004 estimates ) .
Shaw and Crompton has three Church of England ecclesiastic parishes : Shaw , High Crompton , and East Crompton .
Blesmes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Treaty of Amritsar marked the beginning of Dogra rule in Kashmir , which was to end in 1948 after attack by Pakistani army which led to Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 .
Jim Root ( # 4 ) Active : 1999 -- present Instruments : guitar Release contributions : all Slipknot releases from Slipknot ( 1999 ) to present Jim Root joined the band in 1999 towards the end of the recording process of Slipknot .
Peltz also appeared in the 2006 film Deck the Halls , playing Mackenzie , and Harold , in 2008 , where she was cast as Becki .
The fate of Western Armenia -- commonly referred to as '' The Armenian Question '' -- is considered as a key issue in the modern history of the Armenian people .
In 2007 , breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US ( 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths ) .
Every Nintendo handheld system following the release of the original Game Boy Advance ( SP and Micro versions of the Game Boy Advance , as well as the Nintendo DS , DS Lite , and DSi ) has included a built-in light and rechargeable battery .
The LRTA publishes the monthly magazine Tramways and Urban Transit ( formerly Modern Tramway ) , and is based in the United Kingdom but with an international membership and remit .
Published by Nintendo , it was released in North America and Australasia in November 2006 , in Europe in December 2006 , and in Japan in March 2007 .
He was a right-footed forward .
Wii Chess is a chess video game for the Wii console .
Napoleon and Tabitha spend a lot of time teaching classes at dance studios and conventions-regional educational events hosted by professional dancers .
The Wikipedia deletion policy describes how pages that do not meet the relevant criteria for content of the encyclopedia are identified and removed from Wikipedia .
Melina Nava Pérez ( born March 9 , 1979 ) , better known simply as Melina , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wrestling on its Raw brand where she is the current WWE Divas Champion .
Mania , the presence of which is a criterion for certain psychiatric diagnoses , is a state of abnormally elevated or irritable mood , arousal , and \/O/ or energy levels .
Blacksmith to the Gods ; god of fire and the forges .
In the film , Timothy Brisby , the youngest son of Johnathan and Mrs. Brisby , goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father .
La Burbanche is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The band came up with the name by flicking through the Bible and picking out a random word .
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode ( class file ) that can run on any Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) regardless of computer architecture .
Instead , the commune would promise to exact revenge on the attacker , the threat of revenge being a form of defense .
Popular stories of his chivalry and tactical prowess earned him the respect of many opponents , including Claude Auchinleck , Winston Churchill , George S. Patton , and Bernard Montgomery .
It is on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines between and , in Travelcard Zone 1 .
They can be preserved in the form of a jam , or by drying , pickling or freezing .
Retrieved on 2008-08-03 .
Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt ( 16 August 1832 - 31 August 1920 ) was a German medical doctor , psychologist , physiologist , philosopher , and professor , known today as one of the founding figures of modern psychology .
Saliva ( also referred to as spit , spittle or slobber ) is the watery and usually frothy substance produced in the mouths of humans and most other animals .
Nearly all the gasoline sold in the United States today is mixed with 10 percent ethanol , a mix known as E10 , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
Braunwald is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar , represented by the symbol S$ or the ISO abbreviation SGD .
Before 1961 , the Metropolitan line 's north-western terminus at Aylesbury was the most distant .
A hurricane watch as released for Martinique on September 14 .
Troy was directed by Wolfgang Petersen and written by David Benioff .
Before the Sears Tower , the tallest building in the world was the World Trade Center .
Nevertheless , according to Encarta Dictionary and Chambers Dictionary of Etymology , '' dodo '' derives from Portuguese doudo ( currently doido ) meaning '' fool '' or '' crazy '' .
Nevin was born in 1862 , at Vineacre , on the banks of the Ohio , a few miles from Pittsburgh .
Failure to wear the rainbow jersey where required carries a penalty of 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs .
His works of fiction and non-fiction have garnered him critical acclaim and numerous awards , including the Franz Kafka Prize for his novel Kafka on the Shore .
In some algae ( such as the heterokonts and other protists such as Euglenozoa and Cercozoa ) , chloroplasts seem to have evolved through a secondary event of endosymbiosis , in which a eukaryotic cell engulfed a second eukaryotic cell containing chloroplasts , forming chloroplasts with three or four membrane layers .
Another suggestion is that the mantle flows neither in cells nor large plumes , but rather as a series of channels just below the Earth 's crust which then provide basal friction to the lithosphere .
Cricket frogs , genus Acris , are small , North American frogs of the family Hylidae .
Players typically serve overhead , but serving underhand , although rare , is allowed .
The Third Epistle of John , often referred to as Third John and written 3 John , is a book of the New Testament attributed to John the Evangelist , traditionally thought to be the author of the Gospel of John and the other two epistles of John .
The region remained highly isolated until the introduction of regular river steamer services between it and Hobart in the 1880s - these were further encouraged by the tourist industry to Port Arthur that began when overseas steamships began to call into Hobart , also during the 1880s .
The total number of elements in a multiset , including repeated memberships , is the cardinality of the multiset .
Titanosaurs ( members of the groups Titanosauria and\/or Titanosauroidea ) were a diverse group of sauropod dinosaurs , which included Saltasaurus and Isisaurus .
Oignies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is the language of about half of South America , even though Brazil is the only Portuguese-speaking nation in the Americas .
Margaret was born in a town within walking distance of Rore 's birthplace . Prior to that speculative trip Rore may have had some early music instruction in Antwerp .
The Zenwalk Project aims to create a lightweight Linux distribution ( through using only one application per task on the release ISO image ) , optimization for a specific processor architecture to increase execution speed , and introduces a comprehensive package management system with dependency resolution .
This smaller second wave fairly quickly began to assimilate into the white emigre community .
On October 6 , 2005 , House officials stated that the government had foiled a previously undisclosed second plot to crash a plane into the building in mid-2002 .
In this way , Australia and New Guinea remained connected until the shallow Torres Strait was last flooded around 8,000 years ago .
Malcolm Barber , The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple .
Books may also refer to works of literature , or a main division of such a work .
Caid ( ) is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
Independence Day is commonly associated with fireworks , parades , barbecues , carnivals , fairs , picnics , concerts , baseball games , political speeches and ceremonies , and various other public and private events celebrating the history , government , and traditions of the United States .
Im m Reza shrine ( in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of Im m Ridh , the eighth Im m of Twelver Shi'ites .
Overall , the climate is warm and humid , and heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
This town is situated at a distance of 12 Km in the south of Larkana city on the Larkana-Mohenjo-daro road .
Homosexual and bisexual behavior are widespread in the animal kingdom : a 1999 review by researcher Bruce Bagemihl shows that homosexual behavior has been observed in close to 1500 species , ranging from primates to gut worms , and is well documented for 500 of them .
His reign saw vital developments in legislature and government -- in particular the evolution of the English parliament -- as well as the ravages of the Black Death .
Snowball , also known as Snowball I , was the Simpsons ' first cat .
A cnidocyte fires a structure that contains the toxin , from a characteristic sub-cellular organelle called a cnidocyst ( also known as a cnida or nematocyst ) .
They were mostly members of the upwardly mobile and successful western-educated provincial elites , engaged in professions such as law , teaching , and journalism .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
In the decimal system , each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value .
These moths are easily distinguishable by the vaguely human skull-shaped pattern of markings on the thorax .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , abbreviated ARRA ( ) and commonly referred to as the Stimulus or The Recovery Act , is an economic stimulus package enacted by the 111th United States Congress in February 2009 .
He is one of the Seven Gods of Fortune ( , Shichifukujin ) , and the only one of the seven to originate from Japan .
It was the first cycle to gain partnership with cosmetics magnate CoverGirl and ran weekly commercials during the show named Beauty Tip of the Week with Jay Manuel and Elsa Benitez as well as the CoverGirl of the Week contest .
The film received mixed reviews from critics but was very successful commercially , opening at number one at the box office in the United States , the United Kingdom , and China .
Rhythm Heaven , known in Europe as Rhythm Paradise and in Japan as Rhythm Tengoku Gold is a rhythm video game for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Bromous acid with the formula HBrO2 has bromine in the +3 oxidation state .
The station reported that investigators had discovered , and would eventually cite as an official ruling , that Benoit murdered his wife and son over the weekend and hanged himself sometime on Sunday , June 24 .
There were sixty musicians in the orchestra at the beginning of their first season .
Tom Simpson ( 30 November 1937 -- 13 July 1967 ) was an English road racing cyclist who died of exhaustion on the slopes of Mont Ventoux during the 13th stage of the Tour de France in 1967 .
The Golden Melody Awards ( ) are music awards annually presented in Taiwan .
Rivalry between Kohl and Strauss Strauss was appointed minister of the treasury again in 1966 , in the cabinet of Kurt Georg Kiesinger .
He went on two crusades , in his mid-30s in 1248 ( Seventh Crusade ) and then again in his mid-50s in 1270 ( Eighth Crusade ) .
Kirby 's Dream Land , known in Japan as , is a 1992 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory , Inc. and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
Russy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Barks Kagrra , Biography retrieved Apr 3 , 2010 Cdjournal.com Kagrra , Artist Profile retrieved Apr 3 , 2010 Kagrra 's concept is '' Neo Japanese . ''
The 870s decade ran from January 1 , 870 , to December 31 , 879 .
Instead , Gyllenhaal starred in the blockbuster The Day After Tomorrow in 2004 , co-starring Dennis Quaid as his father .
Od , a replacement for '' God '' in some minced oaths
Eudora Alice Welty ( April 13 , 1909 & ndash ; July 23 , 2001 ) was an American author who wrote short stories and novels about the American South .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
Dry Ridge is a city in Grant County , Kentucky , United States .
Babyrousa babyrussa Golden Babirusa
Lucerne ( ; , ; , ; , ; ) is a city in north-central Switzerland , in the German-speaking portion of that country .
It was held by Oliver Cromwell ( December 1653 - September 1658 ) and his son and designated successor Richard Cromwell ( September 1658 - May 1659 ) during what is now known as The Protectorate .
With Decca 's Milt Gabler as her manager , she began working regularly for the jazz impresario Norman Granz , and appeared regularly in his Jazz at the Philharmonic ( JATP ) concerts .
Conservation This is the world 's rarest goose .
The truth table of ~ A oplus B ( also written as A , mathrm { XOR } , B or A neq B ) is as follows :
Calcutta was declared a Presidency Town of the East India Company in 1699 , but the beginnings of the Bengal Presidency proper can be dated from the treaties of 1765 between the East India Company and the Mughal Emperor and Nawab of Oudh which placed Bengal , Meghalaya , Bihar and Orissa under the administration of the Company .
List of rivers in Georgia ( U.S. state ) .
Doctor of Optometry ( O.D. )
Secret Societies Handbook , Michael Bradley , Altair Cassell Illustrated , 2005 .
Malcolm '' Mal '' Reynolds ( Nathan Fillion ) is the owner of Serenity and former Independent sergeant in the pivotal Battle of Serenity Valley .
In all , the Tudor period is seen as a decisive one which set up many important questions which would have to be answered in the next century and during the English Civil War .
Reeve and Holldobler 's version of superorganism theory further elaborates this model by considering competition and co-operation between groups as well as within groups .
There may not be enough trained health workers or monetary resources to provide even a basic level of medical care and disease prevention .
Brief history of cannibal controversies ; David F. Salisbury , August 15 , 2001 , Exploration , Vanderbuilt University .
However , when the professor teaches at a university , they are specifically called a '' university professor '' .
Its functions include operation of rail services for passengers and freight , and maintenance and signalling of rail infrastructure owned by Réseau Ferré de France ( RFF ) .
Wheelwright is a city in Floyd County , Kentucky , United States .
In 1912 , Spring-Rice was appointed as Ambassador to the United States of America where he influenced the administration of Woodrow Wilson to abandon neutrality and join Britain in the war against Germany .
The ships left England in May 1846 and were never heard from again , although since then much has been discovered about the fate of the 129 officers and crew .
Marko Rehmer ( born 29 April 1972 in East Berlin ) is a German former footballer who played as a defender .
He was keen , quick , and accurate in diagnosing plays . ''
Greenwood is a city in and one of the two county seats of Sebastian County , Arkansas , United States , perhaps best known locally for its Arkansas high school football .
The discovery images were taken on May 15 , 2005 , and May 18 , 2005 ; the moons were independently discovered by Max J. Mutchler on June 15 , 2005 , and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15 , 2005 .
PLEASE DO NOT make any changes to this section before discussing them on Talk : Poland discussion board .
Some CPUs have been specifically designed to have a very small set of instructions & ndash ; but these designs are very different from classic RISC designs , so they have been given other names such as minimal instruction set computer ( MISC ) , Zero Instruction Set Computer ( ZISC ) , one instruction set computer ( OISC ) , transport triggered architecture ( TTA ) , etc./O.
Another review aggretator , Metacritic , which consists of a normalized rating from 0 -- 100 on reviews from mainstream critics , calculated an average score of 18 based on 16 critics .
The name '' King 's Scholars '' derives from the fact that the school was founded by King Henry VI in 1440 and was , therefore , granted royal favour .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 89 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
The role of the GHB receptor in the behavioural effects induced by GHB is more complex . GHB receptors are densely expressed in many areas of the brain , including the cortex and hippocampus , and these are the receptors that GHB displays the highest affinity for .
Edward was canonized in 1161 by Pope Alexander III , and is commemorated on 13 October by the Roman Catholic Church , the Church of England and other Anglican Churches .
Rolling Stone ( mixed )
Formerly a member of the rap group the Hot Boys , he joined the Cash Money Records collective as a teenager .
Earl was the Anglo-Saxon form and jarl the Scandinavian form of a title meaning '' chieftain '' and referring especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king 's stead .
Ellon is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
It is probably Berg 's best-known and most frequently-performed piece .
The Green Bay Packers have won twelve league championships ( more than any other team in the NFL ) including nine NFL Championships prior to the Super Bowl era and three Super Bowl victories in 1967 ( Super Bowl I ) , 1968 ( Super Bowl II ) and 1996 ( Super Bowl XXXI ) .
In addition to his meteorological career , he was also a co-owner of '' Big U Media '' , an advertising firm that he co-owned with a friend and WFLA-TV colleague .
There is a difference in meaning between the common usage of the word '' confidence '' and its statistical usage , which is often confusing to the layman , and this is one of the critiques of confidence intervals , namely that in application by non-statisticians , the term '' confidence '' is misleading .
In 1987 , FC Porto also gained the UEFA Supercup ( another first for Portugal ) and , in 2004 , it brought Portugal 's first UEFA Champions League trophy , making FC Porto the most successful club internationally in Portugal .
Although he released an album ( David Bowie ) and several singles earlier , Bowie first caught the eye and ear of the public in July 1969 , when the song '' Space Oddity '' reached the top five of the UK Singles Chart .
He died there in 1892 .
The full text of all PubMed Central articles is available free .
During the earlier seasons of the show , Maggie 's equivalent of a hallmark was to trip over her clothing and fall on her face while trying to walk , causing a loud thud on the floor , but this was toned down in the later seasons .
The roe is usually deep-fried , although other preparations such as mashed roe where the roe crushed along with oil , onion & pepper , or curry of roe can also be found .
Gas is one of four classical states of matter .
Finally , in 1861 parts of Burke County , Caldwell County , McDowell County , Watauga County , and Yancey County were combined to form Mitchell County .
De La Salle University is a Catholic private university located in Taft Avenue in the district of Malate in Manila , run by the Brothers of the Christian Schools .
Prior to DNA replication , the DNA content of a cell can be represented as the amount Z ( the cell has Z ribosomes ) .
Catholicism teaches that in most cases someone must be a baptized a Catholic to be saved , CCC 846 ; Vatican II , Lumen Gentium 14 it is sometimes possible for people to be saved who have not fully joined the Catholic Church .
The barracuda is a salt water fish of the genus Sphyraena , the only genus in the family Sphyraenidae , and is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
There are altogether 111 such lessons in the latest revised American Prayer Book Lectionary books used are : II Esdras , Tobit , Wisdom , Ecclesiasticus , Baruch , Three Holy Children , and I Maccabees . ''
The Indian Massacre of 1622 occurred in the Colony of Virginia , in what now belongs to the United States of America , on Friday , March 22 , 1622 .
Halinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The shape of the administrative area Warwickshire differs considerably from that of the historic county .
Titan at the USGS Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature , accessed April 12 , 2008 .
Mutual masturbation , the act by which two or more partners stimulate themselves in the presence of each other , allows a couple to reveal the '' map to [ their ] pleasure centers '' .
Early in the sixth overtime period , a pass from Boston defenseman Eddie Shore was intercepted , and Ken Doraty skated in on a breakaway , cleanly beating Thompson at 4:46 of the period .
Bebo is a social networking website launched in July 2005 .
He was also one of the founding organizers of the Psychonomic Society .
As with all language expressions , sentences may contain both function and content words , and contain properties distinct to natural language , such as characteristic intonation and timing patterns .
Despite references to Prometheus and God in the Institution Anthem , the school is secular .
There are many different breeds of domestic rabbit , including the English Angora , Lionhead , Dwarf Hotot , Chinchilla , Dutch , Elfin , Flemish Giant , Himalayan , Netherland Dwarf , Holland Lop , Dwarf Lop , Silver , Silver fox , English spot , Continental Giant , Havana , Florida White , New Zealand , Rex , Polish , Jersey Wooly , Satin , and Mini Lop .
A bite is a wound received from the mouth ( and in particular , the teeth ) of an animal , including humans .
In Schwarzenegger 's Last Action Hero , Stallone is depicted as playing the Terminator in a video advertisement in the film 's alternate reality .
However , after receiving the blood , all Burns does is send the family a card .
Olivia Newton-John was born in Cambridge , England , to a Welsh father , Brinley ( '' Bryn '' ) Newton-John , and a German mother , Irene Born ( the eldest child of the Nobel prize-winning atomic physicist Max Born ) .
'' Yellow mustard '' redirects here . For information on the condiment yellow mustard , also known as '' American mustard '' ( such as French 's yellow mustard ) , see Mustard _ ( condiment ) # Yellow_mustard .
In cryptography , a keystream is a stream of random or pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message ( the ciphertext ) .
Kyle , 1999 , p. 101 During the time of the ancient Games their origins were attributed to the gods , and competing legends persisted as to who actually was responsible for the Games ' genesis .
The Rous Cup was a short-lived football competition in the second half of the 1980s , contested between England , Scotland and , in later years , a guest team from South America .
March 11 & ndash ; The Chelsea Hospital for Soldiers is founded in England .
Throughout the story , it has been slowly revealed that Max 's father killed his mother by strangling her , and that Grim and Gram hate him and are afraid of Max ending up like him .
Egypt is predominantly Muslim , with Muslims comprising between 80 % and 90 % of a population of around 80 million Egyptians Almost the entirety of Egypt 's Muslims are Sunni .
Habitat Various different species live throughout the intertidal zone , from the high zone ( upper littoral zone ) to the shallow subtidal .
On May 4 , 2007 , John LeCompt announced that he had been fired from Evanescence , and also stated that drummer Rocky Gray had decided to quit .
Life and career The Resistance Movement Fallaci was born in Florence , Italy .
The governor of Syria , Publius Petronius , who is responsible for erecting the statue , faces mass demonstrations by Jews of the region and manages to delay construction of the statue until the death of Caligula ( January 24 , 41 ) .
After leaving the subway at the south end , trams turned right along the Embankment to Westminster Bridge or left on a service from Bloomsbury to the Hop Exchange .
During Rommel 's time in France , Hitler ordered him to deport the country 's Jewish population ; Rommel disobeyed .
Body corporate , in English law , a corporate body , or corporation
The FSF holds the copyrights on various essential pieces of the GNU system , such as GNU Compiler Collection .
OK may come from a person named Oswald Kolle .
Iolaus thinks Alcmene went on her own because she put up no fight but Hercules disagrees and pushes Iolaus against a wall in his anger .
The hind wing veins are whitish .
He used stock characters , and the roles were filled with untrained people from the appropriate classes ; he avoided casting stars .
The Washington Nationals are a professional baseball team based in Washington , D.C. , United States .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
Lea Michele Sarfati ( born August 29 , 1986 ) , known professionally as Lea Michele , is an American actress and singer .
Shortly after the song 's release , speculation arose that the first letter of each of the title 's nouns intentionally spelled LSD .
Cassatt often created images of the social and private lives of women , with particular emphasis on the intimate bonds between mothers and children .
Shepreth is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire .
In the United States these companies were located in rural Pennsylvania , New England or the Midwest where labor was cheap , and paper produced nearby , but still within a few hours ' travel time of the major publishing centers .
There are many churches in the town : the two main ones are the Collegiata , formerly a cathedral , and Sant ` Agostino , housing a wide representation of artworks from some of the main Italian renaissance artists .
All air raid warnings were initiated from this bunker by red , yellow and white flares .
)
Kirstie Alley ( born Kristen Louise Alley ; January 12 , 1951 ) is an American actress known for her role in the TV show Cheers , in which she played Rebecca Howe from 1987 - 1993 , winning an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award as the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 1991 .
The following is a list of amendments which have been approved .
The western bay of the harbor contains endangered mangrove forests which border the Sandspit and Manora island .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
Although the DFV ( bore : 3.373 i , stroke : 2.555 i , displacement : 2992.98 c ) with 410 b at 9,000 rpm did not produce as much power as some of its rival 12-cylinder engines , it was lighter , resulting in a better power to weight ratio .
Between 1993 and 1998 he served as President of the association of savings banks in Germany , Deutscher Sparkassen - und Giroverband .
to 1986Roy , Olivier .
Annual flows have ranged from less than 1,000 megalitres ( 810 acre-feet ) in 1944 to as much as 10,900,000 megalitres ( 8.8 million acre feet ) in 1950 .
The median income for a household in the city was $ 45,015 , and the median income for a family was $ 51,162 .
Founded in 1902 , Real Madrid has never been relegated from La Liga , the top league of Spanish football .
In addition to thousands of small bodies in those two regions , various other small body populations , such as comets , centaurs and interplanetary dust , freely travel between regions .
The genus includes some important culinary herbs , including Marjoram and Oregano .
Both types of data can be analyzed to determine the structure of storms and their potential to cause severe weather .
image_shield = CoaTulcea .
It may also sometimes be used to describe people who are viewed as stupid or useless or even meaningless , similar to wanker .
In Season Two , Amy finds out that her mother is pregnant , and Ashley Juergens starts her freshman year at Grant High School .
Goaltender 's glove Goaltenders wear a different type of glove on each hand .
Originally designed as an ICBM in the late 1950s , Atlas was the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by United Launch Alliance .
Archibald Vivian Hill CH CBE FRS ( 26 September 1886 3 June 1977 ) was an English physiologist , one of the founders of the diverse disciplines of biophysics and operations research .
Popol vuh , a work of mythology and history of the Quiché Maya of Guatemala
The Mintaka Pass ( , Mingtiege Daban , variant : Mingteke Pass ) ( el .
James Monroe ( April 28 , 1758 -- July 4 , 1831 ) was the fifth President of the United States ( 1817 -- 1825 ) .
The date on the title page of 1804 for Milton is probably when the plates were begun but the poem was printed c. 1808 .
Austin , who had worked as a mid-carder in WCW and ECW but had found his greatest success in the WWF and was seen primarily as a WWF wrestler , was pushed as the leader of the Alliance and a more important player during the Invasion than the bona fide WCW or ECW members of the Alliance .
The sixth match was a singles match between Kane versus Impostor Kane .
The district is divided into three circles : Transmission circle , Thiruvananthapuram city and Kattakkada .
Bu Bing ( or Wai Bing ) ( Chinese : , born Zi Sheng , Chinese : ) was a Shang Dynasty King of China .
Currently entirely digital it can be found at frostmagazine.com and is a mix of interviews , news , opinions , tv and film previews and shopping aimed at men and women .
Charizard is voiced by Shin-ichiro Miki in Japanese and English .
Ivan became the sixth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record .
The Igbo tried to breakaway from Nigeria to become the Republic of Biafra , but was met with little support .
A similar position , called either '' Secretary at War '' or '' Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
After telling the German guards '' ... just what I was going to do to them when the Russians came ... '' he was beaten and had his position as leader taken away .
Stephen Valentine Patrick William '' Steve '' Allen ( -- ) was an American television personality , musician , actor , comedian , and writer .
He aligned himself with Ric Flair and feuded with Kane , whom he defeated at Armageddon .
near Dayton , OH
Biography He was born in Hendon , Middlesex , England .
Peter J. Bowler , The Mendelian Revolution : The Emergency of Hereditarian Concepts in Modern Science and Society ( Baltimore : Johns Hopkins University Press , 1989 ) : chapters 2 & 3 .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , rivers , and freshwater spring It is threatened by habitat loss .
This was for several years the world 's longest scheduled route .
It uses American Indian-styled traditions and ceremonies to bestow recognition on scouts selected by their peers as best exemplifying the ideals of Scouting .
The final updated edition , known as Sonic Adventure International , was released on September 9 , 1999 , in North America , October 14 , 1999 , in Japan and Europe , October 18 , 1999 , in Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg , and December 3 , 1999 , in Australia .
Today , most of Micronesia consists of independent states , with the exceptions of Guam and Wake Island , which are U.S. territories , and the Northern Mariana Islands , which form a U.S. Commonwealth .
Margaret Mackall Smith '' Peggy '' Taylor ( September 21 , 1788 & ndash ; August 14 , 1852 ) , wife of Zachary Taylor , was First Lady of the United States from 1849 to 1850 .
It was set to music by Kurt Weill for the 1927 '' Songspiel '' Mahagonny and used again in Weill 's and Brecht 's 1930 opera Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny .
After a progressive decline in circulation the afternoon edition was canceled , the last edition being published on December 21 , 2001 .
The Korean War ( 1950 -- 1953 ) was a military conflict between the Republic of Korea , supported by the United Nations , and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , with air support from the Soviet Union .
At least seventy towns and over 200,000 people were affected .
Mykola Azarov is the incumbent Prime Minister since March 11 , 2010 .
The French government fled to Bordeaux , and Paris was occupied on 14 June .
Jewelers and silversmiths traditionally use cuttlebones as moulds for casting small objects but they are probably better known as the tough material given to parakeets and other caged birds as a source of dietary calcium .
Situated 11 miles ( 21 km ) southeast of Seattle , Washington , Renton straddles the southeast shore of Lake Washington .
New models are beginning to show how kinetic friction can be greater than static friction .
Hialeah Gardens High School serves Hialeah Gardens .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. ( born January 17 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , record producer and actor .
Windows Defender , formerly known as Microsoft AntiSpyware , is a software product from Microsoft to prevent , remove , and quarantine spyware in Microsoft Windows .
Futurepop is an electronic dance music genre , incorporating influences from synthpop ( like song structure and vocal style ) , uplifting trance ( grandiose and arpeggiated synthesizer melodies ) , and EBM .
USS Arizona ( BB-39 ) was a Pennsylvania-class battleship of the United States Navy and the first to be named '' Arizona '' .
Stephenie Meyer also revealed a ` Quote of the Day ' from Breaking Dawn for about three weeks prior to its August 2 , 2008 release .
The SED was founded on 21 April 1946 through a merger between members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) who lived in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany and the Soviet-occupied sector of Berlin .
Timothy Zachery Mosley ( born October 10 , 1971 ) , better known by his stage name Timbaland , is an American Grammy Award-winning record producer , singer and rapper .
This is a list of tectonic plates on Earth .
In electronic logic , a logic level is represented by a voltage or current , depending on the type of electronic logic in use .
Perm was first mentioned as a village , Yegoshikha , in 1647 ; however , the history of the modern city of Perm starts with the development of the Ural region by Tsar Peter I of Russia .
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily shifted their style to heavy metal .
On her own time , she took some memorable photographs of people from all economic and social classes .
Standing in the precincts of Westminster Abbey in central London , and with a history stretching back to the 11th century , the school 's notable alumni include Ben Jonson , Robert Hooke , Christopher Wren , John Locke , Jeremy Bentham , Edward Gibbon , A.A. Milne and Nick Clegg .
The Deuterocanonical books are considered canonical by Roman Catholics , but are considered non-canonical by most Protestants .
Chassemy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
While visiting her married sister in Washington , D.C. , Edith met Norman Galt , a prosperous jeweler ; in 1896 they were married .
The first branch of cubism , known as Analytic Cubism , was both radical and influential as a short but highly significant art movement between 1907 and 1911 in France .
It was originally based on Slackware .
Evangelism The school offers activities to guide the students according to the Christian principles , such as Gospel Week , Gospel Camp Evangelical Team , Evangelical Broadcast , Bible Study Groups and Christian Fellowship .
It has also provided a platform for non-profit and political groups .
October 16 & ndash ; William de la Pole , 1st Duke of Suffolk ( d. 1450 )
Mary : A Fiction is the only complete novel by the 18th-century British feminist Mary Wollstonecraft .
Many modern media devices , especially the ones that connect with computers use digital signals to represent signals that were traditionally represented as continuous-time signals ; cell phones , music and video players , personal video recorders , and digital cameras are examples .
The last stable release of Linspire was version 6.0 , which was released in October 2007 .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a humanist , and wrote about love , peace , death and God .
Paris , France The French capital was unsuccessful in vying to be the host city for the 1992 , 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games .
As the traditional view of billiards as a refined and noble pastime did not blend well with the low-class connotations of gambling , the billiards industry began to distance itself from the term pool beginning in the late 19th century .
L'Aquila was again destroyed by an earthquake in 1703 .
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently .
Other sex-specific differences include differences in colouration ( sexual dichromatism ) , presence vs. absence of certain body parts ( such as horns , antlers , tusks or display feathers ) , size of the eyes ( some insects ) , possession of stings ( various kinds of Hymenoptera ) , and different frequencies of certain behaviors ( aggression , infant care , etc. ) .
Ammonia was first manufactured using the Haber process on an industrial scale in 1913 in BASF 's Oppau plant in Germany .
The Pope is also the head of state of Vatican City , a tiny country in the city of Rome in Italy , whose sole purpose is to run the Roman Catholic Church .
One of the borders to be delineated was the one between the newly-founded United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Kingdom of Prussia .
Provincial Highways Highway 403 , East Hamilton , West Woodstock .
It is the largest harbor on the south side of the island and is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland .
Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Ted and his younger brother Aljuan won , thus earning immunity for Ted .
The capital , Gandhinagar is a planned city and having best infrastructure of the world .
The captaincy of Santa Catarina was established in 1738 .
He published a number of works through the early and mid 1920s , but by 1927 his career began to suffer from criticism that he was too anti-Soviet .
This rule states that each club must include three players under the age of 21 in their matchday squad .
Bodio is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Regnitzlosau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany .
Ike Garuda , the main character of the comic book The Transmutation of Ike Garuda
Washington Capitals -- Southeast Division champion , 94 points
Duck Hunt has been placed in several combination cartridges .
It was later discovered that he was 24 years old and had dropped out of community college with no qualifications .
Uruguay is the second smallest country in South America , larger only than Suriname .
If our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , we would soon be extinct .
It is believed that neutron star mergers and black hole formation may create detectable amounts of gravitational radiation .
Partisan Review was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003 , though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937 .
Complete list of 2,074 cities in Germany ( as of July 1 , 2009 ) Only municipalities with independent administration and that have the Stadtrecht ( city rights ) are included .
They might even be hit by a pitch , reach on an error or -- if first is empty or there are two outs -- on a dropped third strike .
He currently holds the advisory post of Minister Mentor , created by his son , Lee Hsien Loong , when the latter became the nation 's third prime minister in August 2004 .
The tree is named for the Russian botanist Vladimir D. Nashchokin , who studied it .
William le Scrope succeeds William II de Montacute as King of Mann .
Douglas James Henning ( May 3 , 1947 -- February 7 , 2000 ) was a Canadian magician , illusionist , escape artist and politician .
Kenneth J. Spreitzer wrote the original PC program called '' UnInstaller '' , first licensed to MicroHelp and now ( Feb 1998 ) sold by CyberMedia .
By the 1960s , more than 200 man-made lakes had been created , the most in the nation .
The present council area is named after the historic county of Aberdeen which had different boundaries and was abolished in 1975 , under the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 to be replaced by Grampian Regional Council , and five district councils ; Banff and Buchan , Gordon , Kincardine and Deeside , Moray and the City of Aberdeen , with local government functions shared between the two levels .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph ( 100 km/h ) winds that afternoon .
The company was started in 1913 by Mario Prada and his brother Martino as a leathergoods shop - Fratelli Prada ( English : Prada Brothers ) - in Milan , Italy .
Simulations suggest that Eros may evolve into an Earth-crosser within 2 million years .
The Iranian languages article deals with the linguistic branch of the Indo-European languages family Introduction The population of Iran , based on a census carried out in 2006 , is 70,472,846 people .
Among the Bantu Kavirondo the usual minimum price for a wife is forty hoes , twenty goats and one cow , paid in instalments .
Harry 's developing maturity becomes apparent when he becomes romantically interested in Cho Chang , a student in Ravenclaw house .
It has a population ( including surrounding rural areas ) of approximately 750,000 .
Bryan Ezra Tsumoru Clay ( born January 3 , 1980 ) is an American decathlete .
In computer networking , network address translation ( NAT ) is the process of modifying IP address information in IP packet headers while in transit across a traffic routing device .
History of the Aldeburgh Festival The Festival was founded in 1948 by the composer Benjamin Britten , the singer Peter Pears and the librettist Eric Crozier .
The term digital rights describes the permissions of individuals legitimately to perform actions involving the use of a computer , any electronic device , or a communications network .
The Midwestern United States ( in the U.S. generally referred to as the Midwest ) is one of the four geographic regions within the United States of America that are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau .
Seiji Ozawa was born on September 1 , 1935 to Japanese parents in the city of Shenyang , China , while it was under Japanese occupation .
Mycenae ( Greek Myk nai or Myk n ) , is an archaeological site in Greece , located about 90 km south-west of Athens , in the north-eastern Peloponnese .
The word haptic , from the Greek ( haptikos ) , means pertaining to the sense of touch and comes from the Greek verb haptesthai meaning to contact or to touch .
Ribeauville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
coach = Karl Daxbacher
Aberdeen is called the '' Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula , '' but it is more famous as being the '' Birthplace of Grunge , '' and the hometown of Nirvana members Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic .
Mainstream is , generally , the common current of thought of the majority .
They hold meetings to attempt to annoy Susie Derkins .
URL accessed June 17 , 2007 .
The proper names of Australia 's time zones are Australian Western Standard Time ( AWST ) , Australian Central Standard Time ( ACST ) , and Australian Eastern Standard Time ( AEST ) .
As the new ruler of the Roman Empire , he vowed to restore liberties which had been curtailed during the autocratic government of Domitian .
The Asuka period is also distinguished by the change in the name of the country from to .
became one of the first game shows to air in high-definition .
On 27 November 2007 , the BBC confirmed that she would reprise her role as Rose Tyler in the fourth Doctor Who series for three episodes .
Bones from this layer are not of modern humans but primitive hominid forms of Paranthropus boisei and the first discovered specimens of Homo habilis .
On its official website , Halfway Home is described as an '' improvised half-hour show featuring the daily exploits of five ex-cons living together in a residential rehab facility '' ( the fictional Crenshaw Halfway House , in Los Angeles , California ) .
The Cooper name originates from 1919 with the establishment of The Cooper Corporation in 1919 located in Findlay , Ohio when Cincinnati auto parts dealer I.J. Cooper formed the company to manufacture new tires .
His first loss came in the form of a Raw dark match , at the TV taping on August 18 , 2008 , when he lost to William Regal .
Stylistically , the aria '' I know a bank '' from Britten 's opera A Midsummer Night 's Dream is clearly inspired by Purcell 's aria '' Sweeter than Roses '' , which Purcell originally wrote as part of incidental music to Richard Norton 's Pausanias , the Betrayer of His Country .
Vendays-Montalivet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Sint Eustatius ( ) , also known as Statia , or Saint Eustace ( ) , is one of the islands which make up the Netherlands Antilles ; it is in the northern , Leeward Islands portion of the West Indies , southeast of the Virgin Islands .
Henry II ( 5 March 1133 -- 6 July 1189 ) , ruled as King of England ( 1154 -- 1189 ) , Count of Anjou , Count of Maine , Duke of Normandy , Duke of Aquitaine , Duke of Gascony , Count of Nantes , Lord of Ireland and , at various times , controlled parts of Wales , Scotland and western France .
The school was recently renamed , having previously been known as the Mortimer Wilson School for many decades .
Currently , certifications are available in 19 modules , covering different sectors of financial and capital markets .
Reality TV : Big Brother UK Jackson was the first housemate to enter the Celebrity Big Brother UK house in 2007 .
The Texaco Cup was an association football competition involving clubs from England , Ireland and Scotland that had not qualified for European competitions .
The only bird that plays an important role in the book is Chil the Kite , who is absent from the film .
Hitler disapproved of the military personnel 's freedom to smoke , and during World War II he said on 2 March 1942 , '' it was a mistake , traceable to the army leadership at the time , at the beginning of the war '' .
Telephone line
Like Fear and Desire , Killer 's Kiss is a short feature film , with a running time of slightly more than an hour .
Apia is situated on a natural harbor at the mouth of the Vaisigano River .
The terms '' gangster '' and '' mobster '' are mostly used in the United States to refer to members of criminal organizations associated with Prohibition or with an American offshoot of the Italian Mafia ( such as the Chicago Outfit , the Philadelphia Mafia , or the Five Families ) .
He studied composition at the University of Edinburgh with Rita McAlister , and at Durham University with John Casken , gaining a PhD in 1987 .
Developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console , it was released worldwide throughout December 2009 after Nintendo president Satoru Iwata announced the game at the 2009 Game Developers Conference .
One hundred years before the start of the series , a twelve-year-old Airbender named Aang learns he is the new Avatar .
he is transformed into He-Man , the most powerful man in the universe .
After the match , James agreed to honor Stratus ' wishes and attempted to kiss her .
While Microsoft had originally hoped to have the consumer versions of the operating system available worldwide in time for Christmas 2006 , it was announced in March 2006 that the release date would be pushed back to January 2007 , in order to give the company -- and the hardware and software companies which Microsoft depends on for providing device drivers -- additional time to prepare .
Each week at least one castaway is banished for the time period between the reward challenge and the immunity challenge on Exile Island .
Its southern terminus is near Slidell , Louisiana , a suburb of New Orleans , at an intersection with Interstate 10 and Interstate 12 ) , its northern terminus is at Wildwood , Georgia , at an intersection with Interstate 24 .
It may be made of rubber or rubber-like material such as vinyl plastic ( which is more often used ) .
The EP also features two songs culled from their earlier Safety EP : '' Bigger Stronger '' and '' Such a Rush '' .
The Militant tendency changed its name to Militant Labor after leaving the Labor Party , which it claims has lost its working class base and become a '' bourgeois '' or capitalist party .
There are three styles of gloves worn by ice hockey players .
Typically , different types of black tea , green tea , or even coffee can form the basis of this beverage . The most common black tea varieties are Oolong and Earl Grey , while jasmine green tea is a mainstay at almost all tea houses .
These patients first notice difficulty speaking clearly or swallowing .
A compromise was made that banned exportation of Indian hemp to countries that have prohibited its use , and requiring importing countries to issue certificates approving the importation and stating that the shipment was required '' exclusively for medical or scientific purposes . ''
Bylaws were also introduced to deter potentially dangerous actions on the MTR , such as the ban on flammable goods on the MTR and rushing into trains when the doors are closing .
The most affected city was Acapulco , Guerrero , where six people were killed by landslides , and where over 100 families had to be evacuated after the La Sabana River flooded .
See List of capitals in the United States In September 1774 , the First Continental Congress brought together delegates from the colonies in Philadelphia , followed by the Second Continental Congress , which met from May 1775 to March 1781 .
The trio consisted of Cole on piano , Oscar Moore on guitar , and Wesley Prince on double bass .
A veritable epidemic of vampirism swept through Eastern Europe beginning in the late 17th century and continuing through the 18th century .
Antlions are a family of insects in the order Neuroptera with the scientific name Myrmeleontidae ( sometimes misspelled as '' Myrmeleonidae '' ) ; the most well-known genus is Myrmeleo .
Odes ( ) is a book of the Bible found only in Eastern Orthodox Bibles and included or appended after Psalms in Alfred Rahlfs ' critical edition of the Septuagint , coming from the fifth-century Codex Alexandrinus .
Hornsby is home to a number of schools , including primary schools Hornsby South Public School and Clarke Road Special School and the secondary schools Barker College and Hornsby Girls ' High School .
A theoretical magnetic point dipole has a magnetic field of the exact same form as the electric field of an electric point dipole .
However , it remained unduly identified legally as '' Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata '' ( '' Gymnastics and Fencing Club of La Plata '' ) , a mistake that was corrected on August 7 , 1964 after the new statute was approved .
Carlo Zeno , Venetian admiral ( d. 1418 )
Prior to this , the child 's parents hold the responsibility for the child 's adherence to Jewish law and tradition . After this age , children bear their own responsibility for Jewish ritual law , tradition , and ethics and are privileged to participate in all areas of Jewish community life .
Redevelopment is any new construction on a site that has pre-existing uses on it such as the redevelopment of an industrial site into a mixed-use development or the redevelopment of a block of townhouses into a large apartment building .
Lines of cocaine
Brachiopods , bryozoans and echinoderms were also heavily affected , and the endocerid cephalopods died out completely , except for possible rare Silurian forms .
Additional USB hubs may be included in the tiers , allowing branching into a tree structure with up to five tier levels . A USB host may have multiple host controllers and each host controller may provide one or more USB ports .
Egon Krenz ( born 19 March 1937 ) is a former communist politician from the German Democratic Republic ( GDR ) .
The wars were part of a great national crisis for Scotland and the period became one of the most defining moments in the nation 's history .
An imp is a mythological being similar to a fairy or demon , frequently described in folklore and superstition .
The Second Part of The Pilgrim 's Progress presents the pilgrimage of Christian 's wife , Christiana ; their sons ; and the maiden , Mercy .
It is believed to help whiten teeth .
Veganism is a philosophy and lifestyle whose adherents seek to exclude the use of animals for food , clothing , or any other purpose .
Among Kim 's official sponsors are Kookmin Bank , Nike , Korean Air and Hyundai Motor Company . Her other endorsements include Anycall ( mobile phone ) , Hauzen ( air conditioner ) , Lac Vert ( cosmetics ) , Maeil Dairies Co. . Ltd ( dairy products ) , Saffron ( fabric softener ) , Tous Les Jours ( bakery ) , J. Estina ( jewelry ) and Qua ( apparel ) .
Chorales tend to have simple and singable tunes , because they were originally intended to be sung by the congregation rather than a professional choir .
Paramount is consistently ranked as one of the top-grossing movie studios .
George Costanza ( Jason Alexander ) -- George is Jerry 's best friend since high school .
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Its capital is Les Cayes .
Unemployment , especially among the young , and the depletion of both oil and underground water resources are major long-term economic problems .
The Battle of the Somme was one of the largest battles of the First World War : by the time fighting had petered out in late autumn 1916 more than 1.5 million casualties had been suffered by the forces involved , making it one of the bloodiest military operations ever recorded .
The 1920 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event in 1920 in Antwerp , Belgium .
Dera Ismail Khan is a city in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province , Pakistan .
In Somalia the Italian colonial authority minted ` rupia ' to exactly the same standard , and called the pice ` besa ' .
Colombiers-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Southern Tenant Farmers ' Union ( STFU ) was founded as a civil farmer 's union to further organize the tenant farmers in the Southern United States .
The organization developed and expanded rapidly in the mid-1960s before dissolving at its last convention in 1969 .
Though the attendance number is subject to dispute , the event is considered to be the pinnacle of the 1980s wrestling boom .
An ankylosaurid is a member of the Ankylosauridae family of armored dinosaurs that evolved 125 million years ago ( along with another family of ankylosaurs , the Nodosauridae ) and became extinct 65 million years ago during the Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction event .
This symphony is one of the most popular and best-known compositions in all of classical music , and one of the most often played symphonies .
The 50-dollar note was introduced in 1973 and the 100-dollar note in 1984 .
Primary causes The root causes of why some people get acne and some do not are not fully known .
She served as official White House hostess and official First Lady of the United States from September 10 , 1842 to June 26 , 1844 , the second of Tyler 's three First Ladies .
Different breeds of horses are the main forms of transportation , which come in a variety of quality . These horses must be tamed , however , in order to use them .
Players can steal and drive a variety of vehicles , including automobiles , boats , helicopters , and motorcycles .
In 1546 part of the island was handed over to Cosimo I de ' Medici , who fortified Portoferraio and renamed it '' Cosmopoli '' , while in 1577 the rest of the island was returned to the Appiani .
West Virginia was the only state to form by seceding from a Confederate state , and was one of only two states formed during the American Civil War ( the other one being Nevada , which separated from Utah Territory ) .
Von Krosigk was also Foreign Minister in the provisional government , an office which had next to no purpose given the state of Germany and its administration at the time .
It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API .
He set up a republic in Florence .
Johannes '' Johan '' Jacobus Neeskens ( born 15 September 1951 in Heemstede , Netherlands ) is a Dutch football manager and former midfielder .
They may , if they choose , leave a note for the blocking admin if they feel they need more information and put your request on hold .
In 1662 , at the age of 39 , Koxinga died of malaria , although speculations said that he died in a sudden fit of madness upon hearing the death of his father under the Qing .
The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club 's inaugural league season , the 1936 -- 37 season in Division Three ( South ) .
The White-dotted Cattleheart may be encountered in pine-oak forests .
It is commonly referred to as simply Acts .
The Stanley Cup is the third trophy to be used as the league 's championship , as for the first nine years of the NHL 's existence , it remained a multi-league challenge cup .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a union of six states and various territories .
Giovanni Villani , Florentine writer ( approximate date ; d. 1348 )
Miani is a town in Sargodha District , Bhalwal tehsil Punjab province , Pakistan .
Qom County is a county in Qom Province in Iran .
The 24th annual WrestleMania event was the first to be held in the state of Florida , and it was only the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors ( the first being WrestleMania IX ) .
By an abuse of the definition , a particular formal language is often thought of as being equipped with a formal grammar that describes it .
Pioneer 11 ( also called Pioneer G ) was the second mission of the Pioneer program ( after its sister probe Pioneer 10 ) to investigate Jupiter and the outer solar system , and the first to explore Saturn and its main rings .
There are frequent trains to Birmingham New Street , Worcester Foregate Street and Hereford .
The current version is 3.0 , published on 06 February , 2010 .
This is commonly seen in real logic diagrams - thus the reader must not get into the habit of associating the shapes exclusively as OR or AND shapes , but also take into account the bubbles at both inputs and outputs in order to determine the '' true '' logic function indicated .
If data is stored uncompressed , it takes more space but less time than if the data were stored compressed ( since compressing the data reduces the amount of space it takes , but it takes time to run the decompression algorithm ) .
Tadao Kobayashi is a former Japanese football player and manager .
When in custody Ruhland provided detailed accounts of his time with the RAF and informed Police about the whereabouts of some safehouses .
Reform means to put or change into an improved form or condition ; to amend or improve by change of color or removal of faults or abuses , beneficial change , more specifically , reversion to a pure original state , to repair , restore or to correct .
In 326 BCE , most of the dozen-odd political units of the former Gandhara/Kamboja Mahajanapadas were conquered by the Macedonian conqueror .
'' Monstersandcritics.com Snow announced on Thursday , June 29 , 2006 that he had completed his last day on the job ; Robert Kimmitt served as acting secretary until Paulson was sworn in .
The province as of June 20 , 2006 is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
Fernando de Napoli ( born 15 March 1964 , in Chiusano di San Domenico , Italy ) is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a winger during the 1980s and 1990s .
Otto Frank began working at the Opekta Works , a company that sold fruit extract pectin , and found an apartment on the Merwedeplein ( Merwede Square ) in Amsterdam .
Générac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Chaetodipus dalquesti - Dalquest 's Pocket Mouse
ZONE was once sold by WizardWorks , which included over 500 fan-made levels .
About 100 years ago , the Congo Free State in Africa was also a significant source of natural rubber latex , mostly gathered by forced labor .
The main rivalry heading into Armageddon on the SmackDown brand was a match involving three competitors , known as a Triple Threat match in WWE , for the WWE Championship between Edge , Triple H , and Jeff Hardy .
It is traditionally made of porcelain , but glass and plastic funnels are also available .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Like many other string instruments , the double bass is played either with a bow ( arco ) or by plucking the strings ( pizzicato ) .
Thueyts
The amino acids that an organism can not synthesize on its own are referred to as essential amino acids .
Vauxhall underground station is between Pimlico and Stockwell with a peak time service interval of about two minutes . .
Twelve Senators from each state are elected for six-year terms , using proportional representation and the single transferable vote ( known in Australia as '' preferential voting '' : see Australian electoral system ) , with half elected every three years .
Edward Harrison Norton ( born August 18 , 1969 ) is an American film actor , screenwriter and director .
Book Review : Irreducible Mind American Journal of Psychology , Volume 123 , Number 2 , Summer 2010 .
It lies in a warm , well sheltered , fertile valley , surrounded by the hills of the Magaliesberg range , 1,370 m ( 4,495 ft ) above sea level .
Al Ain has been continuously inhabited for more than four thousand years and Al Ain is considered central to the cultural heritage of the country .
Following in similar vein to other national UK museums , entrance to the museum has been free since 2001 .
The IUCN has now expanded into many of the nations around the world , making available the services of a large pool of mainly voluntary specialists , providing local level advice and conservation services , and expanding its networks of Committees and regional advisory bodies into increasing numbers of countries .
Any attacks to the groin Strikes to the back of the head , which includes the occipital region and the spine .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 82,690 .
Since the middle of the 20th century , the term has also been used to describe a kind of popular music that is based on traditional music .
Up-to-date 5566 has released a total of eleven work pieces ( ) .
However , the Council has always maintained that secrecy is necessary to arrive at consensus and to preserve the collegiality and political independence of the individual Councillors .
WisconsinFire Drills in Wisconsin Schools : an Opportunity for Excellence , John Andersen , Wisconsin Department of Commerce Newsletter , November 2003
Handel was born in Germany in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti .
April 5 & ndash ; Elihu Yale , American benefactor of Yale University ( d. 1721 )
The Oldsmobile Cutlass is a line of automobiles made by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors .
Esquay-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
One of Gaye 's first professional gigs for Motown was as a road drummer for The Miracles .
Because the country was divided by two distinct governments of the Cold War , the northern half advocated Communism , while the southern half supported Democracy .
Today , the college is approximately 60 percent female and 40 percent male ; roughly equivalent to the national average .
This includes track , trains , signals , civil work and stations .
The symbol is also known as a division sign .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS ( 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
In fact , advertising of the period touted the fact that the Beetle was so watertight that it floated .
Human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the Austrian Alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found .
The band formed as '' Blink '' with vocalist and guitarist Tom DeLonge , vocalist and bassist Mark Hoppus and drummer Scott Raynor .
Britpop is a subgenre of alternative rock that originated in the United Kingdom .
Although Marion County is not near either of Florida 's coasts , it is situated slightly to the west . Therefore , it takes a little less than an hour to get to the Gulf of Mexico while it takes about half an hour longer to get to the Atlantic Ocean .
At right is displayed the color rich lavender , the deep lavender color of the inner part of the flower of the lavender plant .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) .
At Ulong , James became suspicious of Jeff and Kim 's undeniable closeness and saw it as distraction , for Ulong has yet to win Immunity .
Please note that only administrators can protect pages , this template only informs about the protection status of the page .
Pulwama is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Portals are subject to the , and must comply with Wikipedia 's core content policies like , and .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are seven holy places , called Pathis , with the Pancha pathis being the most important .
Similarly , a corner kick is also awarded if a defending team scores an own goal directly from an indirect free kick without it touching another player first .
From 1976-1984 , Previn was music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) , and in turn had another television series with the PSO titled Previn and the Pittsburgh .
The Romans conquered the region in 168 BC in the aftermath of the Illyrian Wars .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as , is a hybrid adventure\/console role-playing game developed by Square and published by Nintendo .
This spelling was later corrupted to Ouisconsin by other French explorers , and over time this version became the French name for both the Wisconsin River and the surrounding lands .
As a child , he was highly influenced by artists such as Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson and would often impersonate these artists from a young age .
Bu Bing ( or Wai Bing ) ( Chinese : , born Zi Sheng , Chinese : ) was a Shang Dynasty King of China .
He planned to use a pellet gun to burst balloons to float gently to the ground .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkana is the capital .
Her father , Alan Kildow , who had been a national junior skiing champion before a knee injury at 18 , '' pushed '' her very hard , according to Sailer .
Excerpt : '' One of the key figures whose views came under attack was the Persian philosopher and scientist Ibn Sina ( also known as Avicenna ; 980-1037 ) '' '' G ) David Edward Cooper , Jitendranath Mohanty , Ernest Sosa , '' Epistemology : the classic readings '' , Wiley-Blackwell , 1999 .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
The Roman Catholic diocese of Sion is the oldest in Switzerland and one of the oldest north of the Alps .
Many CRs maintain altars and shrines to their patron spirits and deities , often choosing to place them at outdoor , natural locations such as wells , streams , and special trees .
Some love spells have even been discovered '' folded around some hair , '' probably to bind the spell itself .
He attended Harvard University , where he received his A.B. , summa cum laude , and S.M. in applied mathematics in 1973 . He completed his Ph. D. in applied mathematics from Harvard University in 1976 .
It is also known as Wadadli , from the original Amerindian inhabitants , and means approximately '' our own '' .
IRCAM ( Institut de Recherche et Coordination Acoustique\/Musique ) is a European institute for science about music and sound and avant garde electro-acoustical art music .
'' The name al - Ir q , for all its Arabic appearance , is derived from Middle Persian er q ` lowlands ' '' W. Eilers (/O1983/O) , '' Iran and Mesopotamia '' in E. Yarshater , The Cambridge History of Iran , vol .
Pulaski is a city in Davis County , Iowa , United States .
Baseball teams often wore full-brimmed straw hats or no cap at all since there was no official rule regarding headgear .
About of sand was scoured , leaving beachfront homes in a natural vegetation state .
The largest city in the interior is Fairbanks , Alaska 's second-largest city , in the Tanana Valley .
The zoo , which is supported by tax revenues and open to everyone , attracts 2 million visitors per year , according to the Washington Post in 2005 .
It is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Traditional instruments made by Aboriginal craftsmen in Arnhem Land are sometimes fitted with a ` sugarbag ' mouthpiece .
A lightweight , shortened fiberglass front body panel is fitted after the sheet metal from the trunk lid edge forward and rear engine deck lid and everything rearward ( rear apron and engine compartment ) is removed .
In a cell , DNA replication begins at specific locations in the genome , called '' origins '' .
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His adolescent musical work included playing the organ at the Palace Theatre , Watford .
MotorStorm has achieved global sales of over 3 million copies .
Two pianos : The main figure here is a pattern of ` hopping ' fifths preceded by grace notes .
Gulmarg ( or '' Meadow of Flowers '' ) is a town , a hill station and a notified area committee in Baramula district in the Indian area of Jammu and Kashmir .
However , by normalizing relations with Japan , Park allowed Japanese capital to flow into the country .
After being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2009 , he declared resignation from federal political functions in January 2010 , citing health reasons .
Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In the area of the rete testis , the sperm are concentrated as fluid is reabsorbed .
The Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) is the protocol backing the core routing decisions on the Internet .
The town was established in the 1860s on the site of the station where the route for travellers to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Cork United F.C. won the championship .
The center is picturesque and its streets are interesting for predominant remains of historical architecture , especially from the Romanesque period ; Poitiers is associated with great historical events from the Late medieval era .
Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation is a book written by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson on the phenomena of what he calls spontaneous recall of information about previous lives by young children .
It is also made evident that Jaq is in love with another mouse named Mary and that Pom Pom belongs to the same woman who was terrified of Jaq .
Its dedication day , August 19 , was celebrated in the Vinalia Rustica .
The community seeks to attract new and well-informed users knowledgeable in a particular subject ; at the same time it is not a platform for advocacy .
Craps is a dice game in which players place wagers on the outcome of the roll , or a series of rolls , of a pair of dice . Players may wager money against each other ( street craps , also known as shooting dice or rolling dice ) or a bank ( casino craps , also known as table craps ) .
Hiroshi Fukushima ( born July 14 , 1982 ) is a Japanese footballer .
Don Carlos , Prince of Asturias ( 1545 & ndash ; 1568 )
The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt , but Dumbo 's ears causes the stunt to go wrong , injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top . Dumbo is made a clown as a result , and plays the main role in an act that involves him falling into a vat of pie filling .
It passed within 500 km of Rhea 's surface , downstream of Saturn 's magnetic field , and observed the resulting plasma wake as it had with other moons , such as Dione and Tethys .
Huggins built a private observatory at 90 Upper Tulse Hill , South London from where he and his wife carried out extensive observations of the spectral emission lines and absorption lines of various celestial objects .
Formed in 1999 , the band consists of Kim Jong-wan on vocals , guitar and keyboard , Lee Jae-kyung on lead guitar , Lee Jung-hoon on bass guitar and Jung Jae-won on drum .
Weathering occurs in situ , or '' with no movement '' , and thus should not be confused with erosion , which involves the movement of rocks and minerals by agents such as water , ice , wind , and gravity .
An establishment that primarily makes and sells pizzas is called a '' pizzeria '' .
However like Indian English , Pakistani English has preserved many phrases that are now considered antiquated in Britain .
A nymph in Greek mythology is a female spirit typically associated with a particular location or landform .
Due in large part to its rapidly changing demographics , Flagler County is often an unpredictable county in presidential and other elections , although the general trend has been towards the Democratic party in recent years .
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground ( '' the Tube '' ) , in the United Kingdom .
The name for the Sassanid Empire in Middle Persian is Eran Shahr which means Aryan Empire .
After living briefly in Denver , she grew up in Grand Rapids , Michigan , where she graduated from Central High School .
products = Bakery , dairy , deli , frozen foods , gas , general grocery , meat , pharmacy , produce , seafood , snacks , liquor
The type species is B. subtilis , an important model organism .
As a result , the German Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel officially adopted Knut as the mascot for a conference on endangered species to be held in Bonn in 2008 .
Off-network syndication involves the sale of a program that was originally run on network television or in some cases first run syndication : a rerun ;
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
Can be tactless , arrogant , imperious , tyrannical , demanding , intolerant , dogmatic , violent , impetuous , brash .
The president of Brazil ( officially the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil or simply the President of the Republic ) is both the head of state and head of government of the Federative Republic of Brazil .
He was one of six waka poets referred in the preface in kana to Kokin Wakash by Ki no Tsurayuki , and has been named as the hero of The Tales of Ise , whose hero was an anonym in itself but most of whose love affairs could be attributed to Narihira .
Publishers and distributors have recognized that by 2010 , most consumers likely have one or more sets of instrument controller hardware at their homes , and that further sales would be primarily driven by software sales and additional content .
It is largely an arid plateau with the Marrah Mountains ( Jebel Marra ) , a range of volcanic peaks rising up to 3042 m of topographic prominence , in the center of the region .
It replaced the PowerBook G4 and was the second model to be announced in the Apple- Intel transition ( after the iMac ) .
Population figures for elk are in excess of 30,000 - the largest population of any large mammal species in Yellowstone .
In a dead heat , prizes and points are added together and shared equally for all those drivers who tie .
The single was successful , debuting at number-one in the United Kingdom , and peaking at number three in the United States .
At Drumnadrochit is '' The Loch Ness Centre '' which examines the controversy through the natural history of Loch Ness .
Gellar was estranged from her father until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
His major teachers include Herman Reinshagen and Stuart Sankey , with whom he studied at the Aspen Music Festival and the Juilliard School .
The poem was inspired by the apocryphal story that a young Jesus , accompanied by his uncle Joseph of Arimathea , traveled to the area that is now England and visited Glastonbury .
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger , Norway which incorporates a mixture of gothic metal and symphonic metal , as well as extreme metal and death metal elements .
Penjing generally fall into one of three categories classified by subject matter : Tree Penjing , Landscape Penjing , and Water and Land Penjing . Japan 's bonsai tradition ( bonsai being the Japanese pronunciation of penzai ) is derived from penjing .
It is a fictional boarding school of magic for witches and wizards between the ages of eleven and seventeen .
Claudio Paul Caniggia ( born 9 January , 1967 in Henderson , Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football forward , who played 50 times for the Argentine national team between 1987 and 2002 .
Raffaele Palladino ( born 17 April 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Parma , co-owned by Juventus .
The ossicles are , in order from the eardrum to the inner ear ( biologically\/medically from superficial to deep ) , the malleus , incus , and stapes .
The Netherlands banned absinthe in 1909 ; Switzerland in 1910 ; the United States in 1912 , and France in 1914 .
As an adjective , heterodox is commonly used to describe a subject as '' characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards '' ( status quo ) .
Upon graduation from Seongnam High School , Ko was drafted by the Doosan Bears in the second round ( 17th overall ) of the 2002 KBO Draft .
The GA was also used in the later years of Formula 5000 in Europe .
Year 1703 ( MDCCIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar .
Elizabeth Nevills was born in Carrboro , North Carolina , at the border of Chapel Hill , to a musical family .
John II of Castile declares the Valladolid laws that restrict the social rights of Jews .
Given the number of times tea is poured in a meal , the tapping is a timesaver in loud restaurants or lively company , as an individual being served might be speaking to someone else or have food in their mouth .
In addition to giving a wider angle of view , the image produced by a wide-angle lens is more susceptible to perspective distortion than that produced by a normal lens , because they tend to be used much closer to the subject .
Popular stories of his chivalry and tactical prowess earned him the respect of many opponents , including Claude Auchinleck , Winston Churchill , George S. Patton , and Bernard Montgomery ( who named a dog after him ) .
Briolette Kah Bic Runga MNZM ( born 13 January 1976 ) is a New Zealand Pop recording artist whose first solo album , Drive , debuted at number one on the New Zealand RIANZ charts .
January 2 & ndash ; Virginia passes a law ceding its western land claims , paving the way for Maryland to ratify the Articles of Confederation .
Under this definition , the Solar System is considered to have eight planets .
Education Blake was educated at Chislehurst and Sidcup Grammar School secondary school .
Undated The first American ship reaches Japan .
Against All Odds (/O2009/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , which took place on February 8 , 2009 at the TNA Impact !
Ancient Britons were involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic onwards , especially in exporting tin , which was in abundant supply .
Grandfather Vincent had six sons , three of whom became art dealers , including another Vincent who was referred to in Van Gogh 's letters as '' Uncle Cent . ''
Estry is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie région of France .
In Europe , '' Magpie '' is used by English speakers as a synonym for the European Magpie ; it is the only magpie in Europe outside the Iberian Peninsula .
She says that she went through as many as 20 auditions .
Today , the Maya and their descendants form sizable populations throughout the Maya area and maintain a distinctive set of traditions and beliefs that are the result of the merger of pre-Columbian and post-Conquest ideas and cultures .
Bertha again began to rapidly intensify on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
As often implemented , these three techniques all come at a cost : increased hardware complexity .
Keira Knightley as Sabe : Queen Amidala 's body double and decoy .
They play in white shirt with two horizontal stripes , one red and one black , white shorts and socks .
They are totally harmless to humans .
The party currently has one Member of Parliament in the House of Commons , Caroline Lucas , who represents the constituency of Brighton Pavilion , and who is also the current party leader .
Thomas Leo '' Tom '' Clancy Jr. ( born April 12 , 1947 ) His Who 's Who entry gives his date of birth as March 12 , 1947 .
Jens Johnnie Pulver ( born December 6 , 1974 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist ( MMA ) .
A central peak rises 18 k above the crater floor .
The measures of the interior angles of a triangle in Euclidean space always add up to 180 degrees .
Some groups are large ( e.g. Catholics , Lutherans , Anglicans or Baptists ) , while others are just a few small churches , and in most cases the relative size is not evident in this list .
For orchestral works in A major , the timpani are typically set to A and E a fifth apart , rather than a fourth apart as for most other keys .
However it is declining in many areas including the Northern and Western United States , Oceania ( Australia and New Zealand ) , northern Europe ( including Great Britain , Scandinavia and other places ) , France , Germany , the Canadian provinces of Ontario , British Columbia , and Quebec , and parts of Asia ( especially the Middle East , South Korea , Taiwan and Macau ) .
Highly Parallel Computing .
Bairols is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In high season ( particularly in July ) , waiting times can be up to five hours .
The building is currently owned by Boston Properties , and is the tallest building that bears the Citigroup name .
Herbert wrote God Emperor of Dune in 1981 , and 1984 's Heretics of Dune was followed in quick succession by ' in 1985 .
After the 1990 election , she was appointed Parliamentary Secretary in the Federal Minister for Health on 18 January 1991 .
Mumt z Mahal ( April , 1593 - 17 June 1631 ) ( Persian , Urdu : ; pronounced ; meaning '' beloved ornament of the palace '' ) is the common nickname of Arjumand Banu Begum , an Empress of India during the Mughal Dynasty .
There were very few resources available then for even primary-level education in Nepal Bhasa . There were no programs broadcast in Nepal Bhasa in the state radio , Radio Nepal .
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to regulate the flow of the river .
IAUC 8177 : Satellites of Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus 2003 August 8 ( naming the moon ) The Hours , goddesses of the time of day but also of the seasons , were daughters of Zeus ( Jupiter ) and Themis .
In computing , optimization is the process of modifying a system to make some aspect of it work more efficiently or use fewer resources .
March 25 & ndash ; Guillaume Postel , linguist ( d. 1581 )
- the '' date '' steak - T-bone steak of Chianina beef cooked over hot charcoal and served very rare with its more recently derived version , the tagliata , sliced rare beef served on a bed of arugula , often with slices of Parmesan cheese on top .
Once married , Arthur was sent to Ludlow Castle on the borders of Wales , to preside over the Council of Wales and the Marches , as was his duty as Prince of Wales , and his bride accompanied him .
It is bordered on the southeast and east by the Mediterranean Sea , and on the north , west and southwest by the Atlantic Ocean .
There were nine chapters with , at most , about 1000 members .
I. xvii .
The number of staff positions from C to G for example is 5 , therefore the interval C-G is a fifth ( denoted P5 in the figure above ) .
The play is loosely modelled on historical events in the 16th century under the reign of king Philip II of Spain .
After secondary school Saddam studied at an Iraqi law school for three years , dropping out in 1957 at the age of 20 to join the revolutionary pan-Arab Ba ` ath Party , of which his uncle was a supporter .
It was during this long period though that there would emerge three individuals who would unite Japan under one rule ; they were Oda Nobunaga , Toyotomi Hideyoshi , and Tokugawa Ieyasu .
She has been playing on the WTA tour since 1993 and is a former World No. 7 .
Kingdom Hearts begins on Destiny Islands , where Sora , Riku , and Kairi live .
She graduated as valedictorian of Plains High School and then attended Georgia Southwestern College , but later dropped out .
The most notable alumnus is Lord Byron , the Romantic poet and writer . A statue of him was erected in the front courtyard of the school .
Tetsuya Abe is a retired Japanese football player .
The guinea is an obsolete coin that was minted in the Kingdom of England between 1663 and 1813 .
Roman Catholicism Heterodoxy in the Roman Catholic Church refers to views that differ from strictly orthodox views , but retain sufficient faithfulness to the original doctrine to avoid heresy .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a successful request for bureaucratship .
He was also profoundly influenced by Robert Chambers ' work Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation , a highly controversial work of popular science published anonymously in 1844 that advocated an evolutionary origin for the solar system , the earth , and living things .
In February 313 , Constantine met with Licinius in Milan where they developed the Edict of Milan .
Big Bear City Airport , a general aviation airport in the Big Bear City section of unincorporated San Bernardino County , serves Big Bear Lake .
In 2002 , Cygnet Books published The Legend of Moondyne Joe , a work of juvenile fiction written by Mark Greenwood and illustrated by Frané Lessac .
Patricio Rey y Sus Redonditos de Ricota ( Patrick King and his Curd Roundies in English ) were an independent rock band originally from La Plata , Argentina whose tours in the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s drew a cult-like following .
Solid mechanics , elasticity , the properties of ( semi - ) rigid bodies Acoustics , sound ( = density variation propagation ) in solids , fluids and gases .
The term is also applied to engine-generator sets , where the engine is termed the prime mover , as distinct from the generator .
Gojira is an extreme metal band formed in 1996 in Bayonne , France .
.
The award is named for Bobby Dodd , longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified .
Today 's hall is the third to bear this name ; like the second , it is noted for its fine acoustics .
In 2006 , these monitors were replaced with a nearly seamless projection video wall ( which originally was used as part of the road show set ) .
Burlington Airpark , , is a small , privately-operated general aviation airport in rural Milton , Ontario west of Toronto .
The Confederation of African Football ( ) , ( ) is the administrative and controlling body for African association football .
Sint-Agatha-Berchem ( Dutch , pronounced ) or Berchem-Sainte-Agathe ( French , pronounced ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
May 16 & ndash ; Fireworks lit by Eric Engelbrecht , at the wedding of the crown prince of France in Paris , cause a fire , killing 132 people .
She was the mother of King Christian IV of Denmark .
Aikido is performed by blending with the motion of the attacker and redirecting the force of the attack rather than opposing it head-on .
The Assembly 's belief in a sovereign nation and in equal representation can be seen in the constitutional separation of powers The National Assembly was the legislative body , the king and royal ministers made up the executive branch and the judiciary was independent of the other two branches .
Siegen-Wittgenstein is a Kreis ( district ) in the southeast of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , more commonly referred to as Rhode Island ( or ) , is a state in the New England region of the United States .
Gradignan is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
Port Louis is the capital of Mauritius .
It is not uncommon to hear someone say '' He won that argument '' or '' I attacked every weak point in his argument '' .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
For a general article on the state , see State ( polity ) .
In these situations , a staff of gardeners or groundskeepers maintains the gardens .
There were several musicians there , including the Canadian Ernest MacMillan who was later to become the conductor of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 family comedy film by Walt Disney Pictures .
Most of Shays ' compatriots were poor farmers angered by crushing debt and taxes .
March 2 -- The Bad Parliament dissolved .
Premier League side Manchester City used the stadium for their first qualifying round UEFA Cup game in July 2008 , since the pitch at the City of Manchester Stadium was unsuitable for footballing purposes after the summer 's commercial activities , such as boxing and music concerts and was being re-turfed .
The province successfully won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler , with Olympic organizers winning a referendum held in the city of Vancouver .
Grundmann was released four years later in 1976 .
Albany has a home rule charter and is a Council-Manager management style to the municipality where the full time unelected City Manager administers the day-to-day operations and affairs of the city for the Council and is the administrative head of the city .
In archaeology , a tool stone is a type of stone that is used to manufacture stone tools . Alternately , the term can be used to refer to stones used as the raw material for tools .
In 2009 it was also stated that he would be making a comic book version of The Green Hornet , the storyline for which is based on his unproduced screenplay for the film adaption .
Newport Pagnell is a town in the Borough of Milton Keynes ( ceremonial Buckinghamshire ) , England .
Manning and McGrew married in a private ceremony held in San José del Cabo , Mexico on April 19 , 2008 .
Dia ( ) is free and open source general-purpose diagramming software , developed as part of the GNOME project 's office suite and was originally created by Alexander Larsson .
Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a Kreis ( district ) in the west of Thuringia , Germany .
Among these letters are some of the earliest extant Christian documents .
Meerhout has won the price of having the most beautiful center of the province of Antwerp .
During his club career he played for Torino , Inter and Pistoiese .
Southam describes it as a '' Janeite '' piece without the worship .
During World War I he served on the staff of Wilhelm Groener , who became Schleicher 's patron .
The term '' nanotechnology '' was defined by Tokyo Science University Professor Norio Taniguchi in a 1974 paperN .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
The election process was overseen by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation .
When the last duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without heir in 1422 , the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the house of Wettin , Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia , who thereby became Frederick I , Elector of Saxony .
The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau has a population of 884,988 inhabitants .
Louis Haefliger prevented the forceful eviction or blasting of Mauthausen-Gusen by alerting American troops , thereby saving the lives of about 60,000 inmates .
Technique In clay animation , one of the many forms of stop-motion animation , each object is sculpted in clay or a similarly pliable material such as Plasticine , usually around a wire skeleton called an armature .
With an area of , it is the fourth largest of the main islands in the Hawaiian archipelago and the 21st largest island in the United States .
For example , if a stimulus is tripled in strength ( i.e , 3 x 1 ) , the corresponding perception may be two times as strong as its original value ( i.e. , 1 + 1 ) .
Armani is planning in collaboration with Emaar Properties a chain of luxury hotels and resorts in several big cities including Milan , Paris , New York , London , Tokyo , Shanghai and Dubai .
According to the Iliad , Mycenaean warriors included boxing among their competitions honoring the fallen , though it is possible that the Homeric epics reflect later Greek culture .
Michael ` Mick ' Denis Mills ( born 4 January 1949 in Godalming , Surrey ) was a football full back who , by the end of his career , had achieved Ipswich Town 's record number of appearances and captained England at the World Cup .
Activision at one point planned to release Star Trek : Borg Assimilator , in which the player would play a Borg , but later canceled the game .
The 2010 midyear estimated figures for the other categories were Black African at 79.4 % , White at 9.2 % , Coloured at 8.8 % , and Indian or Asian at 2.6 % .
Containers range from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .
Specifically , the experiment tested Alexander Oparin 's and J. B. S. Haldane 's hypothesis that conditions on the primitive Earth favored chemical reactions that synthesized organic compounds from inorganic precursors .
Currently , he plays in the Russian Second Division for FC Volga Tver .
However , when Duke Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar died in 1662 , he left four children : John Ernest , Adolf William , John George and Bernard .
Her father agreed to pay her rent for a year , on the condition that she re-enroll for Tisch if she was unsuccessful .
A plant form that is similar to a tree , but generally having smaller , multiple trunks and\/or branches that arise near the ground , is called a shrub .
The March 25 date was called Annunciation Style ; the January 1 date was called Circumcision Style , because this was the date of the Feast of the Circumcision , being the eighth day counting from December 25 .
They successfully defended the exclusive use of their name and its diminutive form '' Coke '' by suggesting the alternative of '' cola drink '' as a generic name for similar types of carbonated soft drinks .
The next day , it is revealed that the press has dubbed Stark 's alter ego '' Iron Man '' .
The Armenian leadership approved an ultimatum , presented to it by the Soviet plenipotentiary Boris Legran .
The band is directed by founder , guitarist and songwriter Salman Ahmad , who was soon joined by keyboardist Nusrat Hussain and vocalist Ali Azmat .
Saint-Aignan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Sergio Leone ( ; January 3 , 1929 -- April 30 , 1989 ) was an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter most associated with the '' Spaghetti Western '' genre .
Parmigiana is a Southern Italian dish made with a shallow-fried sliced filling , layered with cheese and tomato sauce , then baked .
On November 13 , 1985 , a small eruption produced an enormous lahar that buried and desolated the town of Armero in Tolima Department , causing an estimated 23,000 deaths . This event later became known as the Armero tragedy- the deadliest lahar in recorded history .
The sorcerer returns and is able to get his hands on the lamp by tricking Aladdin 's wife , who is unaware of the lamp 's importance , by offering to exchange '' new lamps for old '' .
The latest game in the series , Wizardry 8 , is available only for Microsoft Windows .
Instead he concentrated on conducting , and appeared at Covent Garden and in BBC broadcasts , and accompanied the ballet in European and American tours .
The town after which it is named -- Berwick-upon-Tweed -- was lost by Scotland to England in 1482 .
Michael Spinks ( born July 13 , 1956 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a retired American boxer .
Ford also developed a heavy-duty V10 version of their Triton engine to replace the aging 460 big block in truck applications .
The plot of The Minish Cap revolves around the backstory of Vaati and the birth of the Four Sword , which were important elements of ' and ' .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about west of the island of Crete .
isbn 13 : 978-1-904890-31-7 The term algae is now restricted to eukaryotic organisms .
As of 2002 , the silk industry produces over 130 million kilograms of raw silk , worth about 250 million U.S. dollars , each year .
He ruled from a new capital , Akkad ( Agade ) , which the Sumerian king list claims he built ( or possibly renovated ) , on the left bank of the Euphrates .
A reviewer from CNET expressed concern with the presentation of the device despite its ergonomic appeal .
In recognition of his pioneering role in starting what is now a global research community that work on C. elegans , another closely related nematode was given the scientific name Caenorhabditis brenneri .
Fabienne Gondamin - Female Vocals on '' At Sixes and Sevens (/O2002/O) ''
January 3 , 1967 January 5 , 1971 Republican Ray C. Osborn 37 Reubin O 'D .
Born in Thunder Bay , Ontario of Russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan , and attended McGill University , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a Ph. D. in physical chemistry .
Fey went on to write a series of parodies , including one of ABC 's morning talk show The View .
In November 2010 , Montag and Pratt announced that the reason behind the couple 's divorce was to help Montag 's career . Later that November , Montag and Pratt renewed their wedding vows .
Matthew Rhys '' Matt '' Holland ( born 11 April 1974 ) is an English-born Irish footballer , who represented Republic of Ireland at international level .
Wilhelm Hauff ( November 29 , 1802 -- November 18 , 1827 ) was a German poet and novelist .
The APT-E , for Advanced Passenger Train Experimental , was the prototype Advanced Passenger Train tilting train unit .
The horizontal fesses are bands of equal size in the colors , from top to bottom , red ( officially described as a '' bright vermilion '' ) , white ( silver ) , and blue ( '' cobalt blue '' ) .
The instrument was invented by a young Russian physicist named Lev Sergeivich Termen ( known in the West as Léon Theremin ) in October 1920Albert Glinsky , Ether Music and Espionage , p. 285 after the outbreak of the Russian civil war .
Changing the pitch of a timpani by turning each tension rod individually is a laborious process .
Originally , the group 's musical style was largely composed of short , simple songs , which would evolve over the years into heavily hardcore-influenced crossover thrash , with Gwar 's musical experimentation becoming present in Scumdogs of the Universe , America Must Be Destroyed and This Toilet Earth .
Based on his european experience , Ross bought a place named '' La Posada '' ( English : The Inn ) or Petren Fund in 1885 .
Though the monument was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World , only foundations and sculptural fragments of the temple remain .
There are also numerous other towns and villages scattered across the valley in the eleven Local Government Areas that occupy the region .
Simon Conway Morris counters this argument , arguing that convergence is a dominant force in evolution , and that , since the same environmental and physical constraints act on all life , there is an '' optimum '' body plan that life will inevitably evolve toward , with evolution bound to stumble upon intelligence - a trait of primates , crows , and dolphins - at some point .
The line is a line of battery-powered handheld game consoles sold by Nintendo .
However , despite an ensuing boycott , the show remained in production for two more years , and '' Teletubbies say '' Eh-oh !
Sister Wendy Beckett , an art critic and Catholic nun , stated in a television interview with Bill Moyers that she regarded the work as not blasphemous but a statement on '' what we have done to Christ '' : that is , the way contemporary society has come to regard Christ and the values he represents .
At the end of the 19th century , '' the valley of Walnut Creek was one continuous mining camp , known under different names , Jerome , Diamond , Mystic , Clarksdale , Rathbun and Darby '' ( later known as Darbyville ) .
Caledonian Road , opened December 15 , 1906 .
Since April 2007 Boutros-Ghali has supported the Campaign for the Establishment of a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly and was one of the initial signatories of the Campaign 's appeal .
The Riodinidae ( or metalmarks ) are a family of butterflies .
Massa is a town and comune in Tuscany , central Italy , the administrative centre of the province of Massa-Carrara .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Havel 's mother came from a well known family ; her father was an ambassador and well-known journalist .
The sole exception to her general reclusiveness was the series of Russian Musical Society concerts given in Moscow .
Der Spiegel is similar in style and layout to American news magazines such as Time or Newsweek .
In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine , WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain from falling on the ring .
Nations then enter the stadium alphabetically according to the host country 's chosen language , with the host country 's athletes being the last to enter .
The cockpit , set at the extreme rear of the vehicle in the manner of a dragster , was lined with fake fur and featured a 11 '' General Electric '' 1-Touch '' portable television inserted in the console .
Male Orthodox Jews wear a four-cornered prayer shawl called a tallit katan , which has tzitzit ( fringes ) attached to the corners , draped over their shoulders .
Penicillium candidum , which is used in making Brie and Camembert .
WinRAR is a shareware file archiver and data compression utility developed by Eugene Roshal , and first released in the fall of 1993 .
Before commanding the 1794 Uprising , he fought in the American Revolutionary War as a colonel in the Continental Army .
Purple is a mixture of red and blue light , whereas violet is a spectral color .
The DEA is headed by an Administrator of Drug Enforcement appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate .
The convict settlement ceased in 1831 but a village called Montefiores was established on the north side of the Macquarie River crossing .
Enrico Fermi ( 29 September 1901 -- 28 November 1954 ) was an Italian-American physicist particularly known for his work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , Chicago Pile-1 , and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory , nuclear and particle physics , and statistical mechanics .
Weighing the US Navy Defense & Security Analysis , Volume 17 , Issue December 3 , 2001 , pages 259 - 265 Throughout the rest of the 20th century , the United States Navy would maintain a tonnage greater than that of the next 17 largest navies combined .
Spain .
In computer science and computer engineering , computer architecture or digital computer organization is the conceptual design and fundamental operational structure of a computer system .
The town prospered during the 16th and early 17th centuries and Hull 's affluence at this time is preserved in the form of several well-maintained buildings from the period , including Wilberforce House , now a museum documenting the life of William Wilberforce .
The 1900 census indicates that Bessie Smith was born in Chattanooga , Tennessee in July 1892 .
The Scottish Cup Final is played at Hampden annually in May , for the honor of lifting the world 's oldest national trophy -- the Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup , made in 1873 .
The sculptor has not carved his name on the statue .
There are also Tennessee red and white groups .
Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He grew up in a religious Jewish family in the '' Sandvorstadt '' , the Jewish quarter in Dessau , Germany , where his father was a cantor .
FTSE 100 companies represent about 81 % of the market capitalization of the whole London Stock Exchange .
Mercin-et-Vaux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology .
.
In the programme 's most recent series , which ended on 5 July 2008 , Catherine Tate played the Doctor 's companion , reprising her role of Donna Noble from the 2006 Christmas special .
In the end of Thirty Years ' War the city burned down almost completely .
The railway and bus stations in Visp and Brig are starting points for many outdoor activities , trips , and tours in the surrounding mountain resorts Zermatt and Saas-Fee , lying at the foot of almost all the highest peaks in the Alps , such as Matterhorn , Monte Rosa , Dom and Weisshorn .
Old Deuteronomy
Although this curve had already been named by other mathematicians , the specific name ( '' miraculous '' or '' marvelous '' spiral ) was given to this curve by Jacob Bernoulli , because he was fascinated by one of its unique mathematical properties : the size of the spiral increases but its shape is unaltered with each successive curve , a property known as self-similarity .
Hinges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Herbert Norman Howells CH ( 17 October 1892 23 February 1983 ) was an English composer , organist , and teacher .
It is the main artery running north from Parliament Square , towards traditional Charing Cross , now at the southern end of Trafalgar Square and marked by the statue of Charles I , which is often regarded as the heart of London .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ; , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
Blood plasma is prepared by spinning a tube of fresh blood containing an anti-coagulant in a centrifuge until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube .
In case the subdivision has more than nine entities , capital letters are used to continue the numbering .
He was navigating a curve on the QEW where it crosses over Twelve Mile Creek ( Ontario ) in St. Catharines when he lost control and hit a concrete culvert .
When Casals was young his father would pull the piano out from the wall and have him and his brother , Arturo , stand behind it and name the notes and the scales that his father was playing .
Abuja is the capital city of Nigeria .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
When the temperature of a substance changes , the energy that is stored in the intermolecular bonds between atoms changes .
The Maluku Islands ( also known as the Moluccas , Moluccan Islands , the Spice Islands ) are an archipelago in Indonesia , and part of the larger Maritime Southeast Asia region .
Uvular consonants are not found in most dialects of English , though they are found in many Semitic , Caucasian , and Turkic languages , as well as several languages of Western Europe such as German , French , Portuguese , and a few Celtic languages .
Matilda of Flanders ( ; ) ( c. 1031 & ndash ; 2 November 1083 ) was the wife of William the Conqueror and , as such , Queen consort of the Kingdom of England .
Paul Karrer ( 21 April 1889 - 18 June 1971 ) was a Swiss organic chemist best known for his research on vitamins .
Moreover , he presented a consistent system of tracing today 's biochemistry back to ancestral reactions that provide alternative pathways to the synthesis of organic building blocks from simple gaseous compounds .
The smaller , nocturnal lemurs , such as mouse lemurs , giant mouse lemurs , and dwarf lemurs , usually give birth to more than one infant , whereas the larger , nocturnal lemurs , such as fork-marked lemurs , sportive lemurs , and the aye-aye usually have one offspring .
On Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 , the aircraft flying this route- a Boeing 767-223ER - was hijacked by five al-Qaeda terrorists , and deliberately crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City , as part of the September 11 attacks .
In addition to the score-report cypher , the 2000 model made use of a special victory song that would play after the score if the player achieved a score of 100 points or greater .
Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , which oversees the Web 's continued development .
Loge , who knows that the end of the gods is coming , does not follow the others into Valhalla ; he tells the audience that he is tempted to destroy the gods and all they have deceitfully acquired .
He was born to Russian Jewish parents in the United States , but became a citizen of Switzerland in 1970 , and of the United Kingdom in 1985 .
BSD licenses are a family of permissive free software licenses .
The tax then became an issue of the global justice movement or alter-globalization movement and a matter of discussion not only in academic institutions but even in streets and in parliaments in the UK , France , and around the world .
In 1918 Heartfield joined the Berlin Dada club and the Communist Party of Germany .
They are assigned to a body once its orbit is secured , and are unrelated to provisional designations , which are automatically assigned when an object is discovered .
He would lead a furious comeback , as he completed 15 of 20 passes for 258 yds and 2 TDs .
The Lancia Dedra is a compact executive car produced by the Italian automaker Lancia from 1989 to 2000 .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) .
As part of General Motors ' discontinuance of the Oldsmobile name , the Olds engine was rebadged as the Chevrolet starting with the 2002 season .
Release of the film Cleopatra .
When Plante was traded in 1962 , Hodge got his chance to play full-time .
Manufacturing of the new tire was performed on equipment designed to manufacture bias-ply tires .
Some publications in the US have shown this as US territory in the intervening period , and the US Defense Department has stated that the US has a solid basis for a claim in Antarctica resulting from its activities prior to 1959 .
Hayley Williams recorded guest vocals for the tracks '' The Church Channel '' and '' Plea '' for the Say Anything concept album In Defense of the Genre released on October 23 , 2007 .
Scanners and cameras '' PPI '' or '' pixel density '' may also be used to describe the resolution of an image scanner .
A millisecond ( from milli - and second ; abbreviation : ms ) is a thousandth ( 1\/1 ,000 ) of a second .
Linnaeus ' botanical and zoological collections were purchased in 1783 by Sir James Edward Smith , the first President of the society , and are now held in London by the society .
Blowfish is a keyed , symmetric block cipher , designed in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and included in a large number of cipher suites and encryption products .
Blender link
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
In the treaty that concluded this war , the Sassanids ceded five provinces east of the Tigris and agreed not to interfere in the affairs of Armenia and Georgia .
Brunswick is a town in Rensselaer County , New York , United States that was originally settled in the early 18th century .
The first market place was laid out around Saint Andrew 's Church .
Ivan Ivanovich Saenko ( ; born 17 October 1983 in Maslovka ) is a Russian professional football striker who is currently unattached .
At the outbreak of war in Europe in 1939 , Szell was returning via the U.S. from an Australian tour ; he ended up settling with his family in New York City .
The Golaniad ( from the word golan meaning hoodlum ) was a protest in Romania in the University Square , Bucharest .
W.A.S.P. is an American heavy metal band formed in 1982 .
In 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , the county council was abolished and its former area was combined with Cumberland and parts of Lancashire and Yorkshire to form the new county of Cumbria , administered by a new Cumbria County Council .
The village school is Hackleton CofE Primary School .
When a person is on the receiving end of a wedgie , his or her underwear is forcibly pulled up by a second person .
Many zoos and breeding centers in China house giant pandas .
In 1848 he virtually singlehandedly drafted the revision of the Constitution of the Netherlands , giving less power to the king , and more to the States-General of the Netherlands .
The near-death experience : a reader Routledge , p. 26 .
He received the prestigious Prince of Asturias Award -- Spain 's highest civilian honor -- in 1996 .
In addition , wizard rock bands like Harry and the Potters and others regularly dress up in the style of Harry Potter , sporting painted forehead scars , black wigs , and round bottle top glasses .
The larger grains can be sand - to gravel-sized , and matrix materials generally constitute more than 15 % of the rock by volume .
The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K ( in addition to naming it as such ) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the Koagulation of blood following wounding .
In English-speaking countries , alici are sometimes called '' white anchovies '' , and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade , a preservation method is associated with the coastal town of Collioure in south east France .
The Odyssey series also includes several spin-off items , including a home-video series , books , and several computer games .
Solti never truly retired , and his sudden death of a heart attack on 5 September 1997 in Antibes , France , meant that several years of planned performances and recording projects would never be realized .
Gordon was a catastrophic storm in Haiti , killing an estimated 1,122 people .
Babyrousa celebensis Sulawesi Babirusa
Halfway Home was a comedy series that aired from March 14 to May 16 , 2007 , 10 episodes total , at 10:30 p.m. on Comedy Central .
First introduced in May 2006 , it replaced the iBook and 12 '' PowerBook series of notebooks as a part of the Apple Intel transition .
If the reviewing administrator sees that reflected in the talk page , block log and edit history , the unblock request will likely be declined .
This village has a school and a store .
Clarkson is also ranked on the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187 .
Collectively they are the greatest enemies of the series ' protagonist , the Time Lord known as the Doctor .
The All-Star Team was decided by an online public vote , in which people were invited to select a team ( in a 4 - 4 - 2 formation ) and best coach .
He published the solutions to the cubic and quartic equations in his 1545 book Ars Magna .
In the episode , Grampa confesses that Homer has a half-brother , who Homer immediately tries to track down .
Symantec distributes the product as a download , a box copy , and as OEM software .
Oso Creek is smaller tributary to Trabuco Creek , but has a lot of water in it the entire year .
The main cast of the 30th series consists of Russ Abbot as a former milkman who fancies himself a secret agent , Hobbo , Burt Kwouk as the electrical repairman , Entwistle , and Brian Murphy as the childish Alvin .
Fellow journalists Eric Sevareid , Ed Bliss and Alexander Kendrick considered Murrow one of journalism 's greatest figures , noting his honesty and integrity in delivering the news .
and the total number of Turkic speakers is over 200 million , including speakers of a second language .
Live Free or Die Hard , ( released as Die Hard 4.0 outside of North America ) , is a action film , and the fourth installment in the Die Hard series .
A 2007 study interviewed parents of 67 children with ASD and reported that about two-thirds of the children had periods of severe tantrums and about one-third had a history of aggression , with tantrums significantly more common than in non-autistic children with language impairments .
Bad Hair Day ( Tsunami , 1993 )
A watermill that generates electricity is usually called a hydroelectric plant .
Hurricane Celia was the third named tropical cyclone , the second hurricane , and first major hurricane of the 1970 Atlantic hurricane season .
Animal twins Twins are common in many animal species , such as cats , sheep , ferrets and deer .
La Villette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Jammu & Kashmir ( 33.7 % ) , Manipur ( 33.0 % ) , Assam ( 30.4 % ) and Daman and Diu and Pondicherry ( 29.4 % ) reported higher violent crime rate compared to 18.4 % at national level .
John Broadus Watson ( January 9 , 1878 September 25 , 1958 ) , an American psychologist , established the psychological school of behaviorism , after doing research on animal behavior .
Dracorex ?
Strasbourg is considered the legislative and democratic capital of the European Union , while Brussels is considered the executive and administrative capital and Luxembourg the judiciary and financial capital .
Stalagmite should normally not be touched : Since the rock build up is formed by minerals solidifying out of the water solution onto the old surface , skin oils can disturb where the mineral water will cling , thus affecting the growth of the formation .
In case of danger the goby fish touches the shrimp with its tail to warn it .
The songs are used to advance the plot or develop the film 's characters , but some musical films ( e.g. Down Argentine Way ) simply plop the songs in as unrelated '' specialties '' ( also called '' production numbers '' ) - as with Carmen Miranda 's numbers .
Formentin is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The or is the second division of and is the second-tier professional association football league in Japan .
Koon is multi-lingual and speaks Cantonese , English , French and Mandarin .
They beat Watford 6 -- 1 on aggregate in the semi-finals and played Bristol City in the final on 24 May 2008 , which Hull won 1 -- 0 at Wembley Stadium , with Hull native Dean Windass scoring the winning goal .
The word is also used to refer to natural latex rubber ; particularly for non-vulcanized rubber . Such is the case in products like latex gloves , latex condoms and latex clothing .
The total area is 38.61 km which gives a population density of 880 inhabitants per km .
'' Smells Like Teen Spirit '' is a song by the American rock band Nirvana .
If someone bothers you , ask them to stop .
Periodic squalls occur and sometimes tropical cyclones bring overcast skies and rains to the southwest , northeast , and eastern parts of the island .
Chris Jericho defeated Jeff Hardy on the February 25 edition of RAW .
Luigi Fagioli is the oldest winner of a Formula One Grand Prix ; he was 53 years and 22 days old when he won the 1951 French Grand Prix .
In 1995 the Belge Publishing House offices were firebombed by a far right group , forcing it to be housed in a cellar .
Items manufactured in the area include electrical equipment , mechanical and optical products , motor vehicles , and printed materials .
Flying Tigers was the popular name of the 1st American Volunteer Group ( AVG ) of the Chinese Air Force in 1941-1942 .
It is also home to one of France 's only natural firmite caves , Le Helene sur Rhone Sights The Great Bridge of Tournon features with a span of 49.20 m one of the largest bridge arch in the world before 1600 .
Although the current meaning of the word is believed to have originated in Persia , its use has spread and now has been accepted into the vernacular in countries around the world .
Teams are ranked by total points , then goal difference , and then goals scored .
According to tradition , it was written around the 6th century BC by the sage Laozi ( or Lao Tzu , '' Old Master '' ) , a record-keeper at the Zhou Dynasty court , by whose name the text is known in China .
As the first person appointed to the vice-presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment , when he became President upon Richard Nixon 's resignation on August 9 , 1974 , he also became the only President of the United States who was elected neither President nor Vice-President .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny , when the British Crown took over all three presidencies .
It was one of the most significant events concerning ecology , agriculture , and culture in all of human history .
Chelmsford is the county town of Essex , England , and the principal settlement of the borough of Chelmsford .
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms .
Similar image macros which do not actually feature cats are often simply referred to as '' lols '' .
Various religious buildings are closed as part of Henry VIII 's dissolution of the monasteries , including
The Princess Mary , Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh ( 25 April 1776 - 30 April 1857 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , the eleventh child and fourth daughter of George III .
Franck Bilal Ribéry ( born 7 April 1983 in Boulogne-sur-Mer ) is a French football midfielder who plays for Bundesliga club Bayern Munich .
Observing the Roman Catholic Church activities in Yugoslavia for more than fifty years , Novak concluded that this Church replaced the idea of service to God with service to the Roman Curia , i.e. , to the government of Roman Pontificate in the role of world leader .
The correct term for an arthropod 's '' claw '' is a chela ( plural chelae ) .
The title of the book , Storms of My Grandchildren , refers to the ferocious and extreme weather events '' that will greet the next generation if the unmitigated use of fossil fuels continues '' .
In the book , Hansen argues that burning of fossil fuels is changing our climate and that the Earth is in '' imminent peril '' .
Leuilly-sous-Coucy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The police made a serious mistake by locking up over 20 alleged supporters of the Kelly gang between the third of January 1879 and 22 April 1879 under the Felons Apprehension Act 1878 .
Little of that wall remains ; the majority of the existing wall was built during the Ming Dynasty .
October 19 & ndash ; Sir Thomas Browne English author , physician , and philosopher ( b. 1605 )
A person can be so entitled either by descent from a person with a right to bear a coat of arms , or by virtue of a grant of arms to himself .
During this time he was also created as a royal duke , becoming the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn , as well as the Earl of Sussex .
A newly constructed East Wing was used as a reception area for social events ; Jefferson 's colonnades connected the new wings .
Their seminal 1982 album '' Black Metal '' has been cited as the major influence on many subsequent genres and bands in the extreme metal world , such as Bathory , Hellhammer , Slayer and Mayhem .
Balkassar is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 32 55 ' 60N 72 39 ' 0ELocation of Balkassar - Falling Rain Genomics
The spines , which may be up to 50 mm ( 2 in ) long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
The story is about a girl and her brother who run away from home to live in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art and discover what they think is a lost treasure .
He later changed his name to the Latin Praetorius .
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
One of the Greek legends is that Hephaestus , when he was born , was thrown down by Hera .
Spandau Prison was a prison situated in the borough of Spandau in western Berlin , constructed in 1876 and demolished in 1987 after the death of its last prisoner , Rudolf Hess , to prevent it from becoming a neo-Nazi shrine .
Sulfur dioxide ( also sulphur dioxide ) is the chemical compound with the formula .
The Bayreuth Festival is a music festival held annually in Bayreuth , Germany , at which performances of operas by the 19th century German composer Richard Wagner are presented .
The Easter Rising ( ) Department of the Taoiseach - Easter Rising was an insurrection staged in Ireland during Easter Week , 1916 .
For wild dogs and other relatives of the dog , please move up to : Category : Canines .
It is destroyed upon entering the Sea of Monsters , known to mortals as the Bermuda Triangle .
Kirby , Indiana
Public transport in Shaw and Crompton is co-ordinated by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 ) is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia .
He held the official FIDE world title until 1993 , when a dispute with FIDE led him to set up a rival organization , the Professional Chess Association .
The rivalry between Hamilton and teammate Alonso led to speculation that one of the pair would leave McLaren at the end of the 2007 season and Alonso and McLaren subsequently terminated their contract by mutual consent on 2 November 2007 .
A variety of rock types resulted from this collision , including pillow basalt , chert , and marine sandstone .
Many of the complex traits related to sexual reproduction , photosynthesis , and other defining characteristics of plants evolved first in charophyceans ; analysis of cpDNA ( chloroplast DNA ) , for instance , reveals that many characteristics of plant chloroplasts evolved first in the charophycean genera Staurastrum and Zygnema .
They are worn as footwear in many sports , including ice hockey , bandy and figure skating .
In celebration of its centennial in 1963 , the ICRC , together with the League of Red Cross Societies , received its third Nobel Peace Prize .
First airline in the world to operate the Boeing 777-200ER , 777-200LR and 777-300ER altogether - all the three variants available on the market at the time .
Kronos finds out that Nico di Angelo is a son of Hades and that he could be the child of the big prophecy .
A wide range of other products for other regions of the globe are sold to customers abroad , provided for MOD operations abroad or provided free to developing countries in Africa .
The genre or genres of music performed by the act .
Events of 1340 Europe has about 74 million inhabitants .
Less direct geological evidence indicates that CO2 values higher than this were last seen about 20 million years ago .
Similarly , the Nazi assassins in Vienna surrendered and were executed .
At age 35 , 66 % will get pregnant within one year , and 84 % within four years .
Henry Fielding ( Sharpham , 22 April 1707 -- near Lisbon , 8 October 1754 ) was an English novelist and dramatist known for his rich earthy humor and satirical prowess , and as the author of the novel Tom Jones .
The band 's name comes from a Jackie Chan movie , Jackie Chan And The 36 Crazy Fists .
Shortly after , drummer Jordison suggested they would need a full-time sampler and Jones fit the position as '' he liked doing that anyway . ''
His sister Margaret Tudor would later name one of her short-lived sons Arthur , Duke of Rothesay in honor of her deceased older brother in 1509 , at the time of their father 's death and her younger brother Henry 's accession to the throne , the year in which Arthur should have become King .
Biasca is a town of the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Medical thermometers such as mercury-in-glass thermometers , infrared thermometers , pill thermometers , and liquid crystal thermometers are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic .
Many outside influences are found in Maya art and architecture , which are thought to result from trade and cultural exchange rather than direct external conquest .
There is also the imperial gallon ( 4.55 L ) which is in unofficial use within the United Kingdom and Ireland and is in semi-official use within Canada .
The typical procedure for inducing classical conditioning involves presentations of a neutral stimulus along with a stimulus of some significance , the '' unconditioned stimulus '' . The neutral stimulus could be any event that does not result in an overt behavioral response from the organism under investigation .
Marcus Aurelius ' work Meditations , written in Greek while on campaign between 170 and 180 , is still revered as a literary monument to a philosophy of service and duty , describing how to find and preserve equanimity in the midst of conflict by following nature as a source of guidance and inspiration .
He named his daughter Harley Quinn after the character from Mad Love , a Batman comic book .
The GENRE ONLINE.NET Interview - Writer and Director George A. RomeroMovies.about.com article His father worked as a commercial artist .
Though he spent most of his life in England , he was born in Wales , and died there at the age of 97 .
A few beetle genera also possess ocelli , which are small , simple eyes usually situated farther back on the head ( on the vertex ) .
The Cardinals were founded in 1898 , and are the oldest continuously run professional American football club in the United States .
Then under the name Ingenieur Minard , she again served as a troop ship in World War II .
Silver Slugger Award winner (/O2001/O)
In the 1970s , Martin performed his offbeat , absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours .
The station services Melbourne 's government district , and is underneath the Parliament House of Victoria and the intersection of busy Bourke Street with Spring Street , at the eastern end of the CBD .
Nonetheless , Macquarie came to be known as '' Father of Australia '' for some very simple reasons .
The last Merrie Melodies cartoon was also the last released by Warner Bros. . Cartoons as part of the original series begun in the 1930s .
The Crusades were fought mainly by Roman Catholic forces ( taking place after the East-West Schism and mostly before the Protestant Reformation ) against Muslims who had occupied the near east since the time of the Rashidun Caliphate , although campaigns were also waged against pagan Slavs , pagan Balts , Jews , Russian and Greek Orthodox Christians , Mongols , Cathars , Hussites , Waldensians , Old Prussians , and political enemies of the various popes .
Hides created files in Windows
Israeli company to build largest solar park in world in US Ynetnews , July 26 , 2007 .
Many members of the British Royal Family enjoyed the show .
The storm was the thirteenth tropical storm , ninth hurricane , and third major hurricane of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season .
There are three secondary schools in Chichester : the Chichester High School for Boys and the Chichester High School For Girls , located on the Kingsham Campus ; and the Bishop Luffa School .
This literature has been passed on to the next generations through the medium of large numbers of books that are published every year in Marathi .
After the end of her second marriage to Ecgfrith , a prince of Northumbria , she set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
The first major post he held was as associate conductor of the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra , a job he took in 1970 .
His well-known works include the Apocalypse woodcuts , Knight , Death , and the Devil ( 1513 ) , Saint Jerome in his Study ( 1514 ) and Melencolia I ( 1514 ) , which has been the subject of extensive analysis and interpretation .
'' Bondage '' is what the Nazis saw as Germany 's '' servitude '' under the 1919 Treaty of Versailles , in which the victorious powers imposed huge reparations on Germany , stripped her of her colonies in Africa , Asia and the Pacific Ocean , and gave parts of Germany to Belgium , Denmark , France , Poland , and Lithuania .
Her last public concerts were in New York in February 1973 : four performances of the Brahms Double Concerto with Pinchas Zukerman , and Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic were scheduled .
The PlayStation 2 has become the most successful video game console of all time .
The Superb Bird of Paradise , Lophorina superba , is a small , approximately 26 cm long , passerine bird of the Paradisaeidae family .
In the various constituent countries of the United Kingdom councils had different powers and different memberships .
Corpse can refer to :
Many cheeses today were first recorded in the late Middle Ages or after -- cheeses like Cheddar around 1500 CE , Parmesan in 1597 , Gouda in 1697 , and Camembert in 1791 .
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz ( lead vocals ) , Ian D'Sa ( lead guitar and backing vocals ) , Jon Gallant ( bass guitar and backing vocalist ) and Aaron Solowoniuk ( drums and percussion ) .
Before the match began , Edge attacked Kofi Kingston and replaced him in the match .
Charles C. '' Charlie '' Waitt ( October 14 , 1853 - October 21 , 1912 ) , born in Hallowell , Maine , was a professional baseball player who played a total of four professional baseball seasons .
The municipality of Rosignano Marittimo contains the frazioni ( subdivisions , mainly villages and hamlets ) Castiglioncello , Rosignano Solvay , Vada , Castelnuovo della Misericordia , Gabbro , and Nibbiaia .
Plough designs are reminiscent of the antique farm plough , and are designed to bury themselves in the bottom as force is applied to them , and are considered good in most bottom conditions from soft mud to rock .
The song was written by Henry Krieger , Scott Cutler , Anne Preven , and Knowles , and produced by The Underdogs Matt Sullivan and Randy Spendlove for the soundtrack to the 2006 musical film Dreamgirls .
The conference papers were published the next year in a bookMicroeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. .
Lucille '' Lucy '' Ware Webb Hayes ( August 28 , 1831 -- June 25 , 1889 ) was a First Lady of the United States and the wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes .
