When he is with Mr. Grewgious and Rosa , Mr. Tartar calls on him and asks if he remembers him .
These organizations include Grameen Trust , Grameen Fund , Grameen Communications , Grameen Shakti ( Grameen Energy ) , Grameen Telecom , Grameen Shikkha ( Grameen Education ) , Grameen Motsho ( Grameen Fisheries ) , Grameen Baybosa Bikash ( Grameen Business Development ) , Grameen Phone , Grameen Software Limited , Grameen CyberNet Limited , Grameen Knitwear Limited , and Grameen Uddog ( owner of the brand Grameen Check ) .
Hans Christian Andersen ( , referred to using the initials H. C. Andersen in Denmark ; April 2 , 1805 -- August 4 , 1875 ) was a Danish author and poet noted for his children 's stories .
Blandouet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The title track , '' Superhero '' , was 8 minutes and 58 seconds long , and largely consisted of Lynch receiving the audience 's suggestions for names for superheroes .
Godfried Schardinel , one of the richest industrialists at that time in Stolberg , as well as the neary city of Aachen , therefore decided to choose Stolberg for building the Kupferhof Bauschenberg .
Classified advertising differs from standard advertising or business models in that it allows private individuals ( not simply companies or corporate entities ) to solicit sales for products and services .
Brody , Eugene B. Research in Reincarnation and Editorial Responsibility : An Editorial , The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease .
In October 2006 he was included among the 50 nominees for the Ballon d'Or ( often referred to as the European Footballer of the Year Award ) .
It has also been called the '' Gospel in a nutshell '' .
Once his position was more secure again , however , he quickly had the army reoccupy Berlin and dissolved the assembly in December .
Arachnocampa is a genus of four fungus gnat species which are , in their larval stage , glowworms .
Diane Julie Abbott ( born 27 September 1953 ) is a British Labor Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hackney North and Stoke Newington since 1987 , when she became the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons .
The first car known to use such an arrangement was a 1911 front-wheel drive car with a clutch at each end of the engine , driving the front wheels directly .
Elysian Valley is a small bedroom community of the City of Los Angeles , California .
Traffic cones , also called traffic pylons , road cones , highway cones , safety cones , construction cones or ( colloquially ) witches ' hats , are usually cone-shaped markers that are placed on roads or footpaths to temporarily redirect traffic in a safe manner .
Hillsboro is a city in Henry County , Iowa , United States .
From 1994 - 2007 , Raymond was the Co-Executive Director of the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women ( CATW ) .
Based on Carl Barks ' Uncle Scrooge comic book series , it premiered on September 18 , 1987 and ended on November 28 , 1990 with a total of 4 seasons and 100 episodes .
In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables .
Abbey After the creation of the Bishopric of Bamberg by Emperor Henry II , the first Bishop of Bamberg , Eberhard I , founded the abbey in 1015 as the bishop 's private monastery .
Moments later , a son is born to Rajesh Kapoor , who is named Om and implied to be Om Prakash 's reincarnation .
With Countess Marie d'Agoult In 1833 , Liszt began his relationship with the Countess Marie d'Agoult .
It is located north of the Vindhya Range , south of the Hindu Kush segment of the Himalayas , and east of the Central Sulaiman Range in Pakistan .
H. L. Mencken said that '' A dachshund is a half-dog high and a dog-and-a-half long , '' although they have been referred to as '' two dogs long '' .
Chakra is a concept referring to wheel-like vortices which , according to traditional Indian medicine , are believed to exist in the surface of the etheric double of man .
Anesthesia , or anaesthesia ( see spelling differences ; from Greek , an - , '' without '' ; and , aisth sis , '' sensation '' ) , has traditionally meant the condition of having ( including the feeling of pain ) blocked or temporarily taken away .
Probability theory , Encyclopaedia Britannica The central objects of probability theory are random variables , stochastic processes , and events : mathematical abstractions of non-deterministic events or measured quantities that may either be single occurrences or evolve over time in an apparently random fashion .
The Province of Reggio Calabria ( ) is a province in the Calabria region of Italy .
The young ovary is white haired and becomes rusty upon maturity .
Glennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Punching bags have been used in martial arts and swordplay for the entire written history of military training .
Genome C. elegans was the first multicellular organism to have its genome completely sequenced .
After Steinberg 's death in 1957 the Freeland League was led by Mordkhe Schaechter , who gradually changed the focus of the organization to more cultural , Yiddishist goals .
The Chiefs were the second AFL team ( after the New York Jets ) to defeat an NFL franchise in an AFL NFL World Championship Game when they defeated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV .
Based on an idea by Daniel Alston and implemented by Brion Vibber , the goal of the project is to produce collaboratively a vast reference of quotations from prominent people , books , films and proverbs , and to give details about them .
Scene 7 : The Games of Apollo Aschenbach sits in his chair on the Lido beach , watching Tadzio and his friends play .
New Hampshire ( ) is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America .
Thanks to remodelling , Cusco 's main stadium , Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega , attracted many more tourists during South America 's continental soccer championship , the Copa América 2004 held in Peru .
At that time , the I-AA members from the MVC ( Illinois State , Indiana State , and Southern Illinois ) joined Eastern Illinois , Northern Iowa , Southwest Missouri State , and Western Illinois to form the Association of Mid-Continent Universities , later the Mid-Continent Conference and now The Summit League , for sports other than football .
Windows 2000 is a line of operating systems produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers , business desktops , laptops , and servers . Released on 17 February 2000 , it is the successor to Windows NT 4.0 , and is the final release of Microsoft Windows to display the '' Windows NT '' designation .
Position shared between two or more drivers of the same car
A Shinto shrine is a structure whose main purpose is to house ( '' enshrine '' ) one or more Shinto kami .
Manager Leo Durocher informed the team , '' I do not care if the guy is yellow or black , or if he has stripes like a fuckin ' zebra .
The lyrics include words in the typical dialect of Herzegovina , where some of the worst atrocities against Serbs during World War II happened .
The Quarry Bay Congestion Relief Works involved extending the Hong Kong Island end of the Kwun Tong Line from Quarry Bay to North Point via a 4.2 - kilometre tunnel .
The family is widespread , being native to all continents except South America , Australia and Antarctica , and diverse : members include bison , water buffalo , antelopes , gazelles , sheep , goats , muskox , and domestic cattle .
Red wine offers health benefits more so than white because many beneficial compounds are present in grape skin , and only red wine is fermented with skins .
To the north and the west of the Canton lies France .
According to a global study collaboratively conducted by the World Health Organization and the Guttmacher Institute , most unsafe abortions occur where abortion is illegal .
However , the vampire Irina misidentifies Renesmee as an '' immortal child '' , a child who has been turned into a vampire .
Such symbols often represent the fertility and cultural implications that are associated with the male sexual organ , as well as the male orgasm .
It has two distinct subspecies , the Noble Macaw and the Hahn 's Macaw , and a possible poorly distinct third subspecies that has longer wings , but is otherwise similar to the Noble Macaw .
External territories Australia 's many external territories follow their own time zones .
In the 15th century , these were blocked up , and a new city gate was created to the north on the present day rue de la Bastille .
An abalone diver is normally equipped with a thick wetsuit , including a hood , booties , and gloves , and usually also a mask , snorkel , weight belt , abalone iron , and abalone gauge .
The presentation can be printed , displayed live on a computer , or navigated through at the command of the presenter .
Schigolch goes to buy train tickets . Left alone with Alwa , Lulu seduces him again , they declare their love for each other and agree to go away together .
\* Soon they responded by attacking advancing tanks with '' Molotov cocktails '' which were '' a drink to go with the food '' .
Shores are influenced by the topography of the surrounding landscape , as well as by water induced erosion , such as waves .
While the term Darwinism had been used previously to refer to the work of Erasmus Darwin in the late 18th century , the term as understood today was introduced when Charles Darwin 's 1859 book On the Origin of Species was reviewed by Thomas Henry Huxley in the April 1860 issue of the Westminster Review .
North Carolina is a state located in the Southeastern United States .
He is now Professor of Psychology and Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity , either directly using photovoltaics ( PV ) , or indirectly using concentrated solar power ( CSP ) .
Webmail ( or Web-based e-mail ) is an e-mail service intended to be primarily accessed via a web browser , as opposed to through a desktop e-mail client ( such as Microsoft Outlook , Mozilla 's Thunderbird , or Apple Inc. 's Mail ) .
It offers a carefully limited and standardized subset of English .
Presentation of data on a logarithmic scale can be helpful when the data covers a large range of values & ndash ; the logarithm reduces this to a more manageable range .
They were common in medieval Europe , especially when combined with a hood in the chaperon , and have had periodic returns to fashion , for example , in nineteenth century Europe .
Since the lowest water was devoid of oxygen , many ordinary scavengers were absent .
From then on , Staelens became an essential national team member , representing it also at the 1994 and 1998 World Cups and in UEFA Euro 2000 , totalling a further 10 complete matches .
For example , some articles contain graphical depictions of violence , or depictions of human anatomy .
The first message that was actually sent out into space was a gold-anodized plaque on the space probe Pioneer 10 .
Dromornis stirtoni , ( Stirton 's Thunder Bird , Miocene epoch ) was a flightless bird three metres tall that weighed about 500 kilograms .
Forsyth County was named for John Forsyth , Governor of Georgia from 1827 -- 1829 and Secretary of State under Presidents Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren .
Antonio Conte ( born July 31 , 1969 in Lecce ) is an Italian former football ( soccer ) player turned manager .
The false gharial is threatened with extinction throughout most of its range due to the drainage of its freshwater swamplands and clearance of surrounding rainforests .
Charleston is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of West Virginia .
After the end of World War I , the Central Powers ' surrender to the Western Allies , the chaos of the Russian Revolution and the Treaty of Versailles finally allowed and helped the restoration of Poland 's full independence after 123 years .
He attended Sheen Mount primary school , and then went on to Emanuel School in London , from 1969 to 1973 .
Hurwicz served on the editorial board of several journals .
As of August 17 , 2009 , the Swahili Wikipedia had 13,000 articles making it the 76th largest WikipediaThe Swahili Wikipedia 's grown up day after a day : See it at Meta-Wiki .
Need for Speed : Carbon , also known as NFS Carbon or NFSC , is an Electronic Arts video game belonging to the Need for Speed series . Released in 2006 , it is the tenth installment , preceded by Need for Speed : Most Wanted , succeeded by Need for Speed : ProStreet in release order and succeeded by Need for Speed : Undercover in chronological order .
The body wall consists of a thin syncitial layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood .
Travelling faster than the speed of light
Balukas refused to relent and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction and would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid the fine .
The Armenians ( , Hayer ) are a nation and ethnic group originating in the Caucasus and the Armenian Highland .
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
It is not far from Bruce Castle It is considered a site of historic interest as a result of the undulating valances to platform canopies .
Islands There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican territory .
In the US , the series began airing on select PBS stations in the spring of 2009 .
A software suite or application suite is a collection of computer programs , usually application software and programming software of related functionality , often sharing a more-or-less common user interface and some ability to smoothly exchange data with each other .
Overview It was contested by 8 teams , and St James 's Gate F.C. won the championship ( 1st Title ) .
You can also automatically sort the pages into alphabetical order .
By 1910 , the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year , which contrasts against their consumption of almost 5 billion litres of wine .
Mating takes place in the afternoon to early evening , and egg-laying begins at night .
Calgary Transit is the public transit service which is owned and operated by the city of Calgary , Alberta .
Carrot cake is a cake which consists of grated carrot mixed with batter .
Most pollen is used as food for larvae .
Written , arranged , and performed by Trent Reznor , Nine Inch Nails ' first album Pretty Hate Machine debuted in 1989 .
Naval mines can be used offensively , to hamper enemy ships or lock them into a harbor ; or defensively , to protect friendly ships and create '' safe '' zones .
Bees are generally more efficient at the task than other pollinating insects such as beetles , flies , butterflies and pollen wasps .
Remembering 1857 in 2007 - The Times of India Most notably , he wrote several ghazals during his life , which have since been interpreted and sung in many different ways by different people .
He passed his second state examination in law in Hamburg in 1954 and became a solicitor in Bremen .
Personal life Bono is married to Alison Hewson ( née Stewart ) .
The term lavender may also be used in general to apply to a wide range of pale , light , medium , or grayish violet colors , as well as some pale or light pinkish , magenta , or purple colors as well as some pale or light blueish-indigo colors .
For instance , the small calcite crystals in the sedimentary rock limestone change into larger crystals in the metamorphic rock marble , or in metamorphosed sandstone , recrystallization of the original quartz sand grains results in very compact quartzite , in which the often larger quartz crystals are interlocked .
In Japan , soba noodles are served in a variety of settings : they are a popular inexpensive fast food at train stations throughout Japan , but are also served by exclusive and expensive specialty restaurants .
John Menteith , Scottish nobleman ( approximate date ; d. 1323 )
Saint-Loup-du-Dorat is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Civil Police had been gradually developing for all country during the governments Imperial and Republican .
Cara - Severin ( ; Serbian : , Kara Severin , ; , Bulgarian : - , Karash-Severin ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in historical region Banat , with the county seat at Re i a.
They prefer deciduous forests , as they like to hide in the fallen leaves , but also at mossy tree trunks .
Tiago Prado Nogueira , or simply Tiago Prado ( born 3 May 1984 ) , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Chengdu Blades .
The lower or upper pitch of an interval may be sharp or flat , or both pitches of an interval may be out of tune .
The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England .
As such , '' Elizabethan theatre '' is distinguished from Jacobean theatre ( associated with the reign of King James I , 1603 1625 ) , and Caroline theatre ( associated with King Charles I , 1625 until the closure of the theatres in 1642 ) .
Sea dragons , sea horses and pipefish are the only known species where the male carries the eggs .
There is an earthquake , tombs break open , and the curtain in the Temple is torn from top to bottom .
They had a daughter , Bettina Meyerhof and two sons , Gottfried ( who referred to himself as Geoffrey ) and Walter .
However , 2 John and 3 John are included in this group despite their addresses respectively to the '' elect lady '' , speculated by many to be the church itself , and to '' Gaius '' , about whom there has been much speculation but little in the way of conclusive proof as to his identity .
The group was founded in 2005 by Joss Garman , Richard George and Graham Thompson In January 2008 Joss Garman was named by The Guardian as one of its '' 50 people who could save the planet '' for his campaigning work around aviation .
Gouy-Saint-Andr é is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
'' Old school '' boards ( those made in the 1970s -- 80s or modern boards that mimic their shape ) are generally wider and often have only one kicktail .
The only time Hindenburg ever objected to a Nazi bill occurred in early April 1933 when the Reichstag had passed a Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service that called for the immediate dismissal of all Jewish civil servants at the Reich , Land , and municipal levels .
The next match was the featured preliminary match from the Raw brand : a standard match for the WWE Championship , where Triple H defended the title against Umaga .
A study in 2005 concluded that mothers teach the behaviour to their daughters , and that all the sponge-users are closely related , suggesting that it is a fairly recent innovation .
It is believed to be one of the oldest ballgames and was an unofficial Demonstration sport at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
Reduced instruction set computing , or RISC ( ) , is a CPU design strategy based on the insight that simplified ( as opposed to complex ) instructions can provide higher performance if this simplicity enables much faster execution of each instruction .
In the same year he published separately his most important poem , ` The Sale of Saint Thomas ' in six ` Acts ' .
His legend is recorded in a late 15th century Swiss chronicle .
Tempera , also known as egg tempera , is a permanent fast drying painting medium consisting of colored pigment mixed with a water-soluble binder medium ( usually a glutinous material such as egg yolk or some other size ) . Tempera also refers to the paintings done in this medium .
In Greek mythology , Andromache ( pronounced ; Ancient Greek : ) was the wife of Hector and daughter of Eetion , and sister to Podes .
August 21 -- From 16:50 to 20:02 UTC , the first total solar eclipse of the 21st century for the United States , and the first visible in the continental U.S. since February 26 , 1979 , takes place .
Its shops serve the local agricultural community and surrounding villages .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences - the American Football Conference ( AFC ) and National Football Conference ( NFC ) , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , for a total of 16 teams in each conference .
The Lord 's prayer contains parallels to .
It is used for striking a ball in such games as squash , tennis , racquetball , and badminton .
A 1966 Batman TV show on the ABC network sparked a temporary spike in comic book sales , and a brief fad for superheroes in Saturday morning animation ( Filmation created most of DC 's initial cartoons ) and other media .
Austin was born in Tampa , Florida .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
Cox , Michael , editor , The Concise Oxford Chronology of English Literature , '' 1808 '' , p 289 , Oxford University Press , 2004 , ISBN 0-19-860634-6 Today it is best known as the hymn '' Jerusalem '' , with music written by Sir Hubert Parry in 1916 .
The first clarinet plays a melody that uses the notes of the C major chord , while the second clarinet plays a variant of the same melody using the notes of the F sharp major chord .
In 2010 she was awarded the Pritzker Prize , together with Ryue Nishizawa .
The track is 5.073 km ( 3.15 miles ) Track changes ahead of Singapore Grand Prix - Formula1 .
For the first time , competitors in the Games came from all five continents symbolized in the Olympic rings .
This concise chart shows the most common applications of the International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) to represent English language pronunciations .
The original Star Trek series follows the adventures of the starship Enterprise and its crew , led by Captain James T. Kirk ( William Shatner ) , first officer Mr. Spock ( Leonard Nimoy ) , and chief medical officer Leonard McCoy ( DeForest Kelley ) .
Overview It was contested by 16 teams , and Tonnerre Yaoundé won the championship .
PBS broadcast 780 episodes over the course of its six seasons from October 25 , 1971 to April 15 , 1977 .
British Imperialistic Anthems in the Modern History Sourcebook , by Paul Halsall , 1998
A rhyme in the strict sense is also called a perfect rhyme .
A concept is typically associated with a corresponding representation in a language or symbology such as a single meaning of a term .
Percy and Annabeth decide to go as well , not just for the Golden Fleece , but for their friend Grover who is trapped in Polyphemus ' cave .
Moville is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
The carpentry , should be completed in July 2009 , is a new and innovative assembly composed of sixteen kilometers of glued laminated timber that will intersect to form a hexagonal mesh .
For example , in the clause '' I did n't hear what you said , '' the subordinate clause '' what you said '' is embedded into the main clause and is syntactically its object ; this can be demonstrated by substituting the pronoun '' it '' for the subordinate clause '' what you said '' ; the result of this substitution is the clause '' I did n't hear it . ''
California Birth Index , 1905 -- 1995 .
Petr Illarionovich Shelokhonov , ( , , ; in English also spelled Pyotr or Peter ; 15 August 1929 -- 15 September 1999 ) was a Russian actor and director , designated Honorable Actor of Russia ( 1979 ) .
Cain delivered four consecutive balls , all high ( the first two pitches were legitimate attempts at strikes ; the last two were half-speed tosses ) .
Aeschylus was one of many Greeks who had been initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries , a cult to Demeter based in his hometown of Eleusis .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
For example , when passengers are travelling on the Kwun Tong Line towards Tiu Keng Leng , getting off at Yau Tong would allow them to switch trains across the platform for the Tseung Kwan O Line towards North Point .
She then joined the faculty of the Clarke School for the Deaf in Northampton , Massachusetts , as a lip reading instructor .
Some participants may drink the urine ; this practice is known as urophagia , though uraphagia refers to the consumption of urine regardless of whether the context is sexual .
Absinthe traditionally has a natural green color but can also be colorless .
Yale Judaica Series Volume XIV , Yale University Press , New Haven , Conn. , 1961 .
Clinton is a city in and the county seat of Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
Stade Olympique de Colombes - Paris (/O1924/O)
Vregny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Henry IV ( possibly 3 April 1366 & ndash ; 20 March 1413 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland ( 1399 & ndash ; 1413 ) .
Other Ustase sources give more canon estimations : a circular of the Ustase general headquarters that reads : '' the concentration and labor camp in Jasenovac can receive an unlimited number of internees '' .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 400 .
It covers much of the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River estuary and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence past Tadoussac .
According to Matt Groening , the original idea behind Marge 's hair was that it would conceal large rabbit ears .
The drive is used as a backup medium : at the close of business each night , the drive is inserted , and a database backup is saved to the drive .
Wikipedia contains many different images , some of which are considered objectionable or offensive by some readers .
The Kelvin scale is a thermodynamic ( absolute ) temperature scale referenced to absolute zero , the absence of all thermal energy .
August 8 & ndash ; Battle of Dungan 's Hill : Irish forces are defeated by English Parliamentary forces .
Kaleva or Kalevi or Kalev and his sons are very important beings in Finnish , Karelian and Estonian mythology .
Once your discovery has been presented in a reliable source , it may be referenced .
, Great Soviet Encyclopedia Since 9th century the larger part of Western Armenia , as well as Vaspurakan and Taron , were under the rule of Bagratid dynasty of Armenia .
Its main anchors are Dougie Donnelly , David Currie and Dougie Vipond , with Alison Walker and Richard Gordon acting as relief presenters .
There are pubs called the '' Griffin '' - featuring a large griffin-shaped maze and children 's playground , and '' The Taverners '' .
In October 1987 , on its 100th anniversary , the name was changed to Yamaha Corporation .
Moult ( ) is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Abraham Clark ( February 15 , 1726 -- September 15 , 1794 ) was an American politician and Revolutionary War figure .
World War II brought an end to the race , but it was revived in 1962 as part of the Formula One circuit .
At the 2009 Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
Shoplifting is considered a form of theft and is subject to prosecution .
He is also known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment , on its SmackDown and ECW brands .
The Burin Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
They secrete a form of sebum ( called meibum ) onto the eye , slowing the evaporation of tears .
Other websites Some interesting facts about bananas References Banana is the common name for a type of fruit and also the herbaceous plants of the genus Musa which produce this commonly eaten fruit .
Platinum ( ) is a chemical element with the chemical symbol Pt and an atomic number of 78 .
Based in Stockholm , Sweden , it was started in January 2001 after the closing of the Cheiron studios .
National Archives , Pacific Sierra Region On May 20 , 1873 , Strauss and Davis received United States patent # 139121 for using copper rivets to strengthen the pockets of denim work pants .
The unguis is the harder external layer , which consists of keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an oblique angle .
April 26 & ndash ; The Dutch West India Company denies Peter Stuyvesant 's request to exclude Jews from New Amsterdam ( Manhattan ) .
In 1867 , he fought for the U.S. purchase of Alaska which he finally negotiated to acquire from Russia .
From the beginning of the 18th century until well into the 20th century , it was the most powerful navy in the world , playing a key part in establishing the British Empire as the dominant world power from 1815 until the early 1940s .
The capital of Saxony-Anhalt is Magdeburg .
Jackie Chan Adventures is an animated television series chronicling the adventures of a fictionalized version of action film star Jackie Chan .
Montigny-en-Gohelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There are , historically , three levels of officers of arms : Kings of Arms , Heralds and Pursuivants .
Pertwee is best known for his role in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who , in which he played the third incarnation of the Doctor from 1970 to 1974 , and as the title character in the series Worzel Gummidge .
The current Mayor of Oslo is Fabian Stang .
All citizens must have equal rights and obligations .
Anderson 's mitochondrial DNA was a match with a great-nephew of Franziska Schanzkowska , a missing Polish factory worker .
The title of the song is derived from this combination of the song 's philosophical and musical influences : Meher Baba and Terry Riley .
The following classification to the level of superfamilies follows Martin and Davis , with some changes based on more recent morphological and molecular studies .
The Singapore national football team is the national association football team of Singapore .
History September 2002 , investment from Draper Investment Company and at that time , original name was Skyper .
The inhabited city center was almost wiped out , while larger residential , industrial and military sites on the outskirts were relatively unscathed .
The Pigeon Detectives are an English band from Rothwell , West Yorkshire , who formed in 2004 .
Barbara Bush became the first U.S. First Lady to become a recipient of the Henry G. Freeman Jr. .
In general , energy conversion efficiency is the ratio between the useful output of a device and the input , in energy terms .
Great Britain Personal union with Ireland from 1707 to Union in 1801 ( when they were joined together in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ) .
For 2008 , D'Ambrosio competed in both the GP2 Series and the new GP2 Asia Series for the DAMS team , alongside Kamui Kobayashi .
Features The Ghostzilla window disappears when the mouse cursor is moved away from it , allowing the user to very easily hide it .
On 3 July 2007 , Gazzetta dello Sport reported that Ferrari had completed its internal investigation and had dismissed Stepney as a result .
King Charles X of Sweden ( 1654 -- 1660 ) .
Never forget that one takes full responsibility for any action performed using Twinkle .
'' Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia '' is the national anthem of Saint Lucia , first adopted in 1967 upon achieving self government , and confirmed as the official anthem upon independence in 1979 .
Both districts date back to 1816 when the new Prussian province Rhineland was created .
As of 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
The media call this Seward 's Folly .
On March 14 , the Giotto space probe , launched by the European Space Agency , made the closest pass of the comet 's nucleus .
Nature 's services analysis calculates the global yield of the Earth 's biosphere to humans as a whole .
In the late 1920s , the young actor moved to Berlin where he worked with German playwright Bertolt Brecht , most notably in his Mann ist Mann .
August 21 & ndash ; Sancho III and Ferdinand II , the sons of King Alfonso VII of Castile , divide his kingdom between them upon his death .
Being a drought year , it was a constant struggle to find water , and only good bushmanship saved the party .
Early life Ruth Joan Bader was born March 15 , 1933 in Brooklyn , New York , and was nicknamed '' Kiki '' by her family .
This happens over a relatively short timescale and plant matter used as a fuel can be replaced by planting for new growth .
Conversely , at low latitudes in the southern hemisphere the sun may be to the south of the observer in summer .
Minting the medals is the responsibility of the host city .
Studios , limited in the annual number of films they grant cinematic releases to , may choose to pull the completed film from the theaters , or never exhibit it in theaters at all .
After the copyright controversy of '' Playing with Fire '' , the track was later removed , replaced with another David Banner produced-track '' Pussy Monster '' .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as , is a hybrid adventure\/console role-playing game developed by Square and published by Nintendo .
The first Regional Casino was initially proposed to be in the City of Manchester , but this has since been scrapped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
It peaked at number one in Australia , Canada , and the United Kingdom .
Norma is a small and inconspicuous constellation in the southern hemisphere between Scorpius and Centaurus .
In 1891 Thomas married an heiress to a small fortune , which gave him the finances to hire mammal collectors and present their specimens to the museum .
Its orbit lies inside Uranus ' magnetosphere .
Gergiev is also associated with numerous music festivals , including the White Nights festival in Saint Petersburg .
Ross Batty ( born 20 September , 1986 in England ) a former Barnard Castle School pupil , is a rugby union player for the Bath in the Guinness Premiership .
The 1974 Formula One season included the 25th FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on January 13 , 1974 , and ended on October 6 after fifteen races .
Whisenhunt 's Cardinals lost the game 27-23 .
Adhesive or glue is a compound in a liquid or semi-liquid state that adheres or bonds items together .
Part of the AFI 100 Years ... series , AFI 's Greatest Movie Musicals is a list of the top musicals in American cinema .
The castor oil plant , Ricinus communis , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae .
The Spache Readability Formula is a readability test for writing in English , designed by George Spache .
This includes using intelligence , and computer-based profiling and analysis , Detector dogs , Smartgate , world leading container x-ray facilities , Closed Circuit Television ( CCTV ) monitoring and other means .
The game position resulting from any move can be considered to be another game .
Today , Harambe is the starting point for tourists and students who want to observe Africa 's animals in their natural habitats .
While the first film dealt with Kenai 's relationship with Koda , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human , Nita .
The town is named after Saint Andrew the Apostle .
Quadenhof Castle dates from the 15th century
It is the location of the Regierungsbezirk Arnsberg 's administration and one of the three local administration offices of the Hochsauerlandkreis .
It is lubricated and pushed through the fistula until the widest part of the taper is level with the skin surrounding the piercing .
In the Olympian scheme , Zeus is the father of her twins , Apollo and Artemis , the Letoides , which Leto conceived after her hidden beauty accidentally caught the eyes of Zeus .
Kane then faced Chris Jericho in a # 1 Contenders match for an opportunity to face ( World Heayweight Champion ) the Undertaker and Big Show in a triple threat match at Survivor Series , but lost .
August 8 & ndash ; Mont Blanc is climbed for the first time by Dr. Michael-Gabriel Paccard and Jacques Balmat .
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova de Seingalt ( April 2 , 1725 - June 4 , 1798 ) was a Venetian adventurer and author .
genetics , n. , Oxford English Dictionary , 3rd ed .
This gives programmers an environment similar to a desktop operating system like Linux or Microsoft Windows , and is therefore very productive for development ; on the downside , it requires considerably more hardware resources , is often more expensive , and because of the complexity of these kernels can be less predictable and reliable .
The first Major League Baseball player to have his number retired was Lou Gehrig ( # 4 ) .
Sindh Valley is the chief trade route between Kashmir and Central Asia .
It consists of two separate centers : the Center for Research and Education in Cape May Court House in the central part of Cape May County , and the Northwood Center in Cape May Point .
Nevertheless , the turbulent political atmosphere that featured the bombing of Cambodia and shootings by National Guardsmen at Jackson State University and Kent State University still brought people together .
When they return to camp , the Fleece is put on the tree .
In his book Systematics and the Origin of Species (/O1942/O) he wrote that a species is not just a group of morphologically similar individuals , but a group that can breed only among themselves , excluding all others .
Peake grew up in a US military family .
This would have made it more reliant on favorable environmental conditions than members of the genus Homo , such as Homo habilis , which would eat a much wider variety of foods .
Deane served as the first Political Agent of the Malakand in 1895 and also as the first Chief Commissioner of the North-West Frontier Province upon the creation of the province on 9 November 1901 .
Kim was the headliner of the ice show 2008 , 2009 and 2010 Festa on Ice produced by her former agency , IB Sports .
In ASL , fingerspelling in the American manual alphabet is used primarily for spelling out names or English terms which do not have established signs .
The motto of the Republic of Mali is '' Un Peuple , Un But , Une Foi '' ( One People , One Goal , One Faith ) , as bed by article 25 of the Constitution .
Often depicted in carvings c. 800 AD , the Norse hero Gunther ( also known as Gunnar ) , played a lute with his toes as he lay dying in a snake-pit , in the legend of Siegfried .
He was painted by Royal artist Christian Furr in 2005 .
Elgin is a city in Comanche County , Oklahoma , United States .
According to Christopher Witcombe , '' the ironic identification of these figurines as ` Venus ' pleasantly satisfied certain assumptions at the time about the primitive , about women , and about taste '' .
Villeret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
There is limited service ( 5 minutes ) northbound from St. Clair West station from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Monday to Friday .
The crater Delporte on the Moon is named after him .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar , Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
Movement Early versions of the Daleks rolled on nylon castors , propelled by the operator 's feet .
In the inaugural 1992 - 93 season the league had six teams , including the Oklahoma City Blazers , the Tulsa Oilers , the Wichita Thunder , the Memphis RiverKings , the Dallas Freeze and the Fort Worth Fire .
It was also the subject of a full-length documentary , Satanis ( 1970 ) .
They were initially classified as Class AM10 units before the introduction of the TOPS classification system .
The tour featured numerous guest appearances by Glen Phillips , Jon Brion , Fiona Apple , Bruce Molsky , Bela Fleck , Tom Brosseau and Tift Merritt , among others .
In 1842 she and Emily traveled to Brussels to enroll in a pensionnat run by Constantin Heger ( 1809 & ndash ; 1896 ) and his wife Claire Zoé Parent Heger ( 1814 & ndash ; 1891 ) .
When news of the horrors of the Second Fleet reached England , both public and official opinion was shocked .
Picasa is a software application for organizing and editing digital photos , originally created by Idealab and owned by Google since 2004 .
According to 2006 U.S. Census Bureau estimates , the city 's population was 7,554 .
The term Bundesliga also applies to football in Austria and is used to refer to the highest level league competitions in several other sports in the two countries .
The London Borough of Croydon is the local education authority for the borough .
They were founded in 1889 and play their home games at Griffin Park , their home stadium since 1904 .
In 2005 he independently released his debut album , Telegraph .
For 1974 Marlboro dissolved its sponsorship of both teams and became famously associated with the McLaren team , which brought it its first constructors ' championship and its drivers title for Emerson Fittipaldi .
Despite the devastation in Haiti and the extensive damage in Cuba and Florida , Gordon was not retired from 1994 ( which is unusual , given that such catastrophic storms usually get their names retired ) .
Eukaryotes are also found in l'Atalante , including ciliates ( 45 % ) , dinoflagellates ( 21 % ) and choanoflagellates ( 10 % ) .
Therefore logical disks are used to partition the available capacity and provide the amount of storage needed by each host from a common pool of logical disks .
About 90 percent of the rainfall occurs during the southwest Monsoon , lasting from about June to September .
Artists who participate in performing arts in front of an audience are called performers , including actors , comedians , dancers , magicians , musicians , and singers .
Lycos is a search engine and web portal established in 1994 .
Jassen A. Cullimore ( born December 4 , 1972 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Coriolis effect is the behavior added by the Coriolis acceleration .
The skin of the turtle is too thick for the Portuguese Man o ' War sting to penetrate and launch its venom .
After independence In 1947 Bombay Province became part of newly-independent India , and Sind Province became part of Pakistan .
Occultism Occultism is the study of occult or hidden wisdom .
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents that were placed in the subfamilies Murinae and Dendromurinae until very recently .
Michael '' Mikey '' Vernon ( born February 24 , 1963 , in Calgary , Alberta , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey player .
The main threats are predation by introduced species ( especially foxes ) and habitat loss .
One of two species of whale in the Monodontidae family , along with the Beluga whale , the narwhal males are distinguished by a characteristic long , straight , helical tusk extending from their upper left jaw .
With assistance from members of the Mi ` kmaq Nation and a local chief named Membertou , coupled with the more temperate climate of the fertile Annapolis Valley , the settlement prospered .
The term is usually applied to mammals , particularly ungulates .
Hello , Harvest Moon is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler .
The musée maritime fluvial et portuaire de Rouen is about the history of the port of Rouen , which is one the greatest port of France .
Founded in 1786 , Knoxville is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee , behind Memphis and Nashville , and is the county seat of Knox County .
Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the removal of the roof in 1794 .
The town is within the local government district of Tonbridge and Malling , and is divided into the seven local government wards of Cage Green , Castle , Higham , Judd , Medway , Trench and Vauxhall .
Edward was crowned at the age of fourteen , following the deposition of his father .
Svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old .
In May 1857 , the pianist and conductor Charles Hallé set up an orchestra to perform at the Manchester Art Treasures Exhibition , and the orchestra performed through October 1857 .
Johnny set the record for consecutive games with a touchdown pass at 47 games .
The Los Angeles Dodgers are a Major League Baseball team based in Los Angeles , California , USA .
An assault rifle is defined as a selective fire rifle that uses an intermediate cartridge and a detachable magazine.NRA-ILA Firearms Glossary .
The Holodomor ( , literal translation Killing by hunger ) was a man-made famine in the Ukrainian SSR , part of the Soviet famine of 1932 - 1933 .
Late Summer & ndash ; Voltaire ends his exile in England
ZTE ( Zhong Xing Telecommunication Equipment Company Limited ) is a Chinese corporation that designs and manufactures telecommunications equipment and systems .
A Reconnaissance Aircraft flight into the system late on October 4 confirmed the existence of a closed low-level circulation , and early on October 5 the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) issued its first warning on Tropical Depression Twenty-Three .
Kamenz ( ) was a Kreis ( district ) in the north-east of the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Other dashes Do not use substitutes for em or en dashes , such as the combination of two hyphens ( ) .
Dalgety Bay , a coastal town in Fife , Scotland , stands on the north shore of the Firth of Forth .
Since its launch in 1998 , the site has provided information on all four physical Tate galleries ( Tate Britain , Tate St Ives , Tate Liverpool and Tate Modern ) under the same domain .
The Maluku Islands were a single province since Indonesian independence , until they were split into North Maluku and Maluku in 1999 .
The Angles is a modern English word for a Germanic-speaking people who took their name from the ancestral cultural region of Angeln , a district located in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
It lies in England , a few kilometres north of Salisbury .
York has had a Christian presence from the fourth century .
After some months of test broadcasts , it began scheduled transmissions on 2 November 1982 .
Cache coherence is intended to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory .
Hollandaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter , usually seasoned with lemon juice , salt , and a little white pepper or cayenne pepper .
When Bran finds out that she is actually daughter of Hugh of Horrowfield , he sends her back home .
During a post-race stewards ' hearing , Hamilton and McLaren officials told stewards they had not purposely let Trulli pass , but it was revealed by release of the McLaren race radio communication that this was not true .
Prior to European settlement the Cranbourne area is thought to have been occupied by the Boonwurrung Aborigines .
The town forms part of a conurbation with neighbouring Airdrie .
In the same year he became engaged to Marianne Viardot , daughter of Pauline Viardot , but the engagement was later broken off by Marianne .
Ragdoll is based in Stratford-upon-Avon , UK and has produced Pob 's Programme , Brum , Rosie and Jim , Tots TV , Teletubbies , Boohbah and most recently In the Night Garden , which won a BAFTA Children 's award in the section for Pre-school Live Action in 2007 BAFTA Children 's award list 2007 .
The film was released on April 10 , 2009 in the United States and Canada .
Gary Snyder ( born May 8 , 1930 ) is an American poet ( often associated with the Beat Generation and the San Francisco Renaissance ) , as well as an essayist , lecturer , and environmental activist ( frequently described as the '' poet laureate of Deep Ecology '' ) .
Clifford Edmund Bosworth FBA ( born 29 December 1928 , Sheffield , United Kingdom ) is an English historian and orientalist , specializing in Arabic studies .
It is the oldest and most honoured organization within the Movement and one of the most widely recognized organizations in the world , having won three Nobel Peace Prizes in 1917 , 1944 , and 1963 .
brand from 2004 to 2006 .
They are the largest animals in the Deosai National Park , Pakistan and are usually sandy or reddish-brown in color .
The Jews are the bane of mankind .
Bypass may refer to :
The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( IUPAC ) , , is an international federation of National Adhering Organizations that represents chemists in individual countries .
He has returned for the latest RIP SLYME release , Epoch .
Professional wrestling career Early career After a suggestion from a friend , James attended a professional wrestling school in the Washington , D.C. area .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
He later broke up with his girlfriend of 15 years and could only find work sporadically as a security guard .
Masayuki Yanagisawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama FC .
Sea transport is vital for Istanbul , as the city is practically surrounded by sea on all sides : the Sea of Marmara , the Golden Horn , the Bosphorus and the Black Sea .
His father , Dr. Simon Siegmund Carl Popper , was a doctor of law at the Vienna University and a bibliophile who had 12,000 -- 14,000 volumes in his personal library .
As of March 2004 , Air France employed 71,654 people .
While he gave his manuscript to his agent and editor to review , Riordan took his book to a group of 6th , 7th , and 8th graders to read and give their critique .
Prairies cover most of the states west of the Mississippi River with the exception of taiga-clad northern Minnesota .
Toward the end of the 19th century , a distinct discipline developed , which was referred to in Latin as the geometria situs ( '' geometry of place '' ) or analysis situs ( Greek-Latin for '' picking apart of place '' ) .
The event also featured the return of The Undertaker , who defeated Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
October 24 & ndash ; Thomas Montacute , 4th Earl of Salisbury , is mortally wounded in an unsuccessful assault on Orléans .
He is sometimes referred to as '' Pernambucano '' in southern France .
The guitar consists of a body with a rigid neck to which the strings , generally six in number but sometimes more , are attached .
The Duke 's guardian , Count Friedrich von Telramund , has accused the Duke 's sister , Elsa , of murdering her brother .
The Flock is a 2007 thriller film directed by Andrew Lau , the co-director of the Infernal Affairs trilogy .
These classifications are not exclusive .
He was a Hall of Fame player during a 10 year professional career with Toronto , Vancouver and Ottawa .
As Secretary of State , he negotiated the Webster-Ashburton Treaty that established the definitive eastern border between the United States and Canada .
West Coast hip hop is a hip hop music subgenre that encompasses any artists or music which originates in the westernmost region of the United States , as opposed to East Coast hip hop , based originally in New York alone .
In other words , a single fertilized egg cell -- the zygote -- changes into the many cell types including neurons , muscle cells , epithelium , blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide .
Though now often used in secular contexts , the meanings of the term originated in Christianity .
The Volga ( ) is the largest river in Europe in terms of length , discharge , and watershed .
Robert T. Morrison , Robert N. Boyd , and Robert K. Boyd , Organic Chemistry , 6th edition ( Benjamin Cummings , 1992 , ISBN 0-13-643669-2 ) - this is '' Morrison and Boyd '' , a classic textbookJohn D. Roberts , Marjorie C. Caserio , Basic Principles of Organic Chemistry , ( W. A. Benjamin , Inc. ,1964 ) - another classic textbookRichard F. and Sally J. Daley , Organic Chemistry , Online organic chemistry textbook .
At age 29 , following the fall of Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddeq , Shamlu was arrested for being a member of the communist Tudeh Party of Iran and imprisoned for more than one year .
It is referred to in North Korea as the Korea East Sea and in South Korea as the East Sea .
However , as part of the St Andrews Agreement Sinn Féin announced its full acceptance of the Police Service of Northern Ireland at a special Ard Fheis on the issue of policing on the 28 January 2007 .
Josias joined the Habsburg military as Colonel in 1759 , participated in the Seven Years ' War , and rose to the rank of Lieutenant Field Marshal by 1773 .
Foo Fighters - '' DOA ''
The name Scrabble is a trademark of Hasbro , Inc. in the United States and Canada and of Mattel elsewhere .
In the Alps , several species of flowering plants have been recorded above 4000 m , including Ranunculus glacialis , Androsace alpina and Saxifraga biflora .
The Four Power Agreement on Berlin ( September 1971 ) and the Transit Agreement ( May 1972 ) helped to slightly ease tensions over the status of West Berlin . While many restrictions remained in place , it also made it easier for West Berliners to travel to East Germany and it simplified the regulations for Germans traveling along the autobahn transit routes .
Previn was born in Berlin , Germany , to a Jewish Russian family , although the exact year of his birth is ambiguous , as it is not absolutely certain whether the year was 1929 or 1930 .
While completing his scholasticat in Belgium at the age of 26 , he found out that he had contracted tuberculosis .
Differences between minerals and rocks A mineral is a naturally occurring solid with a definite chemical composition and a specific crystalline structure .
Female abdomens contain eggs , and as a result appear swollen in comparison to those of males .
ISBN 0-486-41703-4 , in order to pique the interest of children , Kasner sought a name for a very large number : one followed by a hundred zeros .
The fifth match was the encounter of Chris Jericho and Shawn Michaels .
A secretary , Gladys Davis , recorded his readings in shorthand .
A member of the Ku Klux Klan bombed a Church in Birmingham , Alabama , killing four girls aged 11-14 .
Simone Inzaghi ( born 5 April 1976 in Piacenza , Emilia-Romagna ) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a striker .
United Kingdom British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) .
At the outbreak of World War I , Butterworth signed up for service in the British Army .
Tenneville is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Ampoigné is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Other birds such as orioles and jays have learned to eat only the thoracic muscles and abdominal contents because these contain less poison than the rest of the body .
Corlier is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Usually , only the dominant male in the group mates .
Chesa Boudin went on to win a Rhodes scholarship .
On January 20 , 2006 , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi devoted part of his annual keynote speech to the controversy , pledging to submit a bill allowing women to ascend the throne to ensure that the succession continues in the future in a stable manner .
In 1927 , Baird transmitted a long-distance television signal over 438 m of telephone line between London and Glasgow ; Baird transmitted the world 's first long-distance television pictures to the Central Hotel at Glasgow Central Station .
On leaving Uppingham in 1913 , he studied piano and composition at the Royal College of Music with Charles Villiers Stanford .
Nobel Prize In December 1923 , Yeats was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature , and was determined to make the most of the occasion .
The Julian calendar remained in use into the 20th century in some countries as a civil calendar , but has been replaced by the Gregorian calendar in nearly all countries .
Beussent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cadmium is a common impurity in zinc ores , and it is most often isolated during the production of zinc . Some zinc ores concentrates from sulfidic zinc ores contain up to 1.4 % of cadmium .
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
After overcoming childhood arthritis , he was selected third overall in the 2003 Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) draft and played for the Val-d ` Or Foreurs , Moncton Wildcats , and Cape Breton Screaming Eagles , spending four seasons in the QMJHL .
In medieval England , boroughs were also entitled to elect members of parliament .
The study of exact solutions of Einstein 's field equations is one of the activities of cosmology .
Like Bradley earlier , she emphasised Austen 's connection to Samuel Johnson and her desire to discuss morality through fiction .
Women started to be admitted in 1912 , and in 1921 , the Silliman Bible School ( later to become the Divinity School ) was established in cooperation with the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions , representing the Congregational Churches of the United States .
Lambeau Leap , dunk ball over goal post , ram head-first into the wall like Gus Frerotte , etc. ) Weather Specific Animations : weather will have visual effect on gameplay with slipping , sliding , and other animations specific to bad weather conditions .
Hear the noise of broken chains , see the noble Equality enthroned .
Born in Ajaccio , Corsica , she goes by the stage name Alizée -- the feminine form of alizé , the trade wind .
Following the American Revolutionary War , the rate of settlers coming from the eastern states increased rapidly .
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy , the only child of two professional musicians .
It is the official journal of the Australian Medical Association , published by the Australasian Medical Publishing Company .
The Lego Group estimates that in the course of five decades it has produced some 400 billion Lego blocks .
Following on from the leak of information from the Afghan War , in October 2010 , around 400,000 documents relating to the Iraq War were released in October .
It is marketed in the developed world as a Chinese decorative plant '' Lucky Bamboo '' ( although unrelated to Bamboo and not native to Asia ) , propagated from short cuttings , usually in water .
Kangchenjunga ( Nepali : Kanchanja gh ) , ( Limbu Language : Sewalungma ( ) ) , is the third highest mountain in the world ( after Mount Everest and K2 ) , with an elevation of 8,586 metres ( 28,169 ft ) .
The data stream used by these systems to drive page layout on printers and imagesetters led to the development of printer control languages such as Adobe Systems PostScript and Hewlett-Packard 's HP PCL .
Karsal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan . It is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
It is the continuation of the former Mozilla Application Suite , based on the same source code .
IDEA is a minor revision of an earlier cipher , PES ( Proposed Encryption Standard ) ; IDEA was originally called IPES ( Improved PES ) .
The study of folklore is sometimes called folkloristics .
The ceremonial county of Durham is administered by four unitary authorities .
Bala Garhi is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Donaldson then became the first recipient of the Victoria Cross for Australia on 16 January 2009 , with no previous announcement , he was presented with the medal by the Governor-General at a ceremony in Government House , Canberra .
In September 2008 , Wild Target director , Jonathan Lynn , confirmed in an email to a fansite , that Bonham Carter had in fact had to drop out of his film due to filming difficulties .
It is frequently used as a standard of tastefulness , particularly in the areas of visual design and decoration .
The last translation may lead to confusion , because the subdivision of '' oblast '' is called '' raion '' which is translated as '' region '' or '' district '' , depending on the context .
If the first allele is dominant to the second , than the fraction of the population that will show the dominant phenotype is p2 + 2pq , and the fraction with the recessive phenotype is q2 .
The peso oro was introduced in 1937 at par with the U.S. dollar , although the dollar continued to be used alongside the peso oro until 1947 .
Finally , in 1911 parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County were combined to form Avery County .
After having a grant pulled out from under her , Tru is forced to take a job at a local morgue where she discovers her power to '' re-live '' the previous day over again if one of the deceased asks for her help to change what has happened .
The relationship between electromotive force ( EMF ) or '' voltage '' and magnetic flux was formalized in an equation now referred to as '' Faraday 's law of induction '' :
Modern Mayan languages descend from Proto-Mayan , a language thought to have been spoken at least 5,000 years ago ; it has been partially reconstructed using the comparative method .
The following list of 30 words gives an impression of what Brithenig looks like in comparison to nine other Romance languages including Wenedyk , and to Welsh .
With the concurrence of her father , George had Sophia Dorothea imprisoned in the Castle of Ahlden in her native Celle , where she stayed until she died more than thirty years later .
Today , the typical BSD license is the 3-clause version , which is revised from the original 4-clause version .
One of the most common piezoelectric uses of quartz today is as a crystal oscillator . The quartz clock is a familiar device using the mineral .
A linden-tree grows on village green of Benetice .
It was released on 5 August 2002 as the lead single from A Rush of Blood to the Head and has reached number two in the UK Singles Charts .
La Rocque is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It corresponds with the administrative district ( Bezirk ) of Lienz .
Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com stated that the animation is sometimes '' downright bad , '' but that E.B. White 's classic fable needs little to make it come to life .
The origin of this orbit is not clear , as is the reason for the absence of smaller bodies in similar 4:3 resonances with Jupiter .
Common types of matrices include : plates of metal , usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching ; stone , used for lithography ; blocks of wood for woodcuts , linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing .
Spirituality may also include the development of the individual 's inner life through practices such as meditation and prayer , including the search for God , the supernatural , a divine influence , or information about the afterlife .
The model that is most commonly used today is the relational model .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. was born in McComb , Mississippi to Willie Norwood , and Sonja Bates-Norwood .
Carlisle is a rural town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
Mohammad Rez Sh h Pahlavi , Shah of Iran , ( Persian : ; 26 October 1919 -- 27 July 1980 ) , was the emperor of Iran from 16 September 1941 , until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on 11 February 1979 .
For a jump with counterclockwise rotation , it has a takeoff from the left forward outside edge and a landing on the right back outside edge ; this can be reversed for a clockwise jump .
There was also a proposal , although this was not included in the Bill , for a subsequent extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadway station on the District Line .
His reign saw vital developments in legislature and government -- in particular the evolution of the English parliament -- as well as the ravages of the Black Death .
The Museum of Egyptian Antiquities , known commonly as the Egyptian Museums , in Cairo , Egypt , is home to the most extensive collection of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world .
Viollet-le-Duc left copious notes and drawings at his death in 1879 , when his pupil Paul Boeswillwald , and later the architect Nodet continued the rehabilitation of Carcassonne .
Emperor Domitian repulses a Dacian invasion of Moesia .
It developed into an area of low pressure as it crossed the Atlantic , and organized into Tropical Depression Thirteen on August 28 while 960 mi ( 1550 km ) east of the Lesser Antilles .
Overview A video projector , also known as a Digital Projector , may be built into a cabinet with a rear-projection screen ( rear-projection TV , or RPTV ) to form a single unified display device , now popular for '' home theater '' applications .
As an understudy to Fred Rogers , he traveled to Canada in 1963 to work for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on an early version of Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood .
Fucking ( , rhymes with '' booking '' ) is an Austrian village in the municipality of Tarsdorf , in the Innviertel region of western Upper Austria .
Phospholipids ( of an appropriate length ) can spontaneously form lipid bilayers , a basic component of the cell membrane .
She continued to spend much time in prayer , reciting the chaplet and praying for the conversion of sinners .
Ken Fujita ( born August 27 , 1979 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player last played for Japanese club Ventforet Kofu .
Microsoft Office 2010 ( also called Office 2010 and Office 14 ) is a productivity suite for Microsoft Windows , and the successor to Microsoft Office 2007 .
The Protestant Reformation begins in Sweden .
Almere is one of the youngest cities in the Netherlands : the first house was finished in 1976 , and Almere became a municipality in 1984 .
The pantomime first arrived in England as entr ` actes between opera pieces , eventually evolving into separate shows .
Wavre is a town and municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant , of which it is the capital .
Hermann Goldschmidt announced the discovery of the ninth moon of Saturn in April 1861 , which , he said , orbited between Titan and Hyperion . Goldschmidt 's discovery was never confirmed , and Chiron was never seen again .
Color A common misconception is that the oceans are blue primarily because the sky is blue .
Vieux-Pont-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
At the 2000 census the population was 160 .
After the battle , Daedalus sacrifices himself to close the Labyrinth , which is tied to his life .
The Good Ol' Toronto - Travel and city guide to the world 's most diverse city .
Where this crossed the River Gard between Uzes and Remoulins the spectacular Pont du Gard was built .
Wisdom literature includes several books of the Old Testament , including two books of the Deuterocanon ( Wisdom of Solomon and Sirach ) that are classified as Apocryphal writings by Protestants but canonical by Catholics .
After a few minor roles , she made her Broadway debut in a 1990 production of Craig Lucas ' Prelude to a Kiss , playing the lead role of Rita .
Along with Australia , Italy 's market share has rapidly increased in recent years .
The National Bank of Romania ( , BNR ) is the central bank of Romania and was established in April 1880 .
Piper underwent successful surgery on February 14 , 2006 .
Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton , who writes as K.M. Peyton ( born 2 August 1929 , Birmingham , England ) , is a British author .
It was first published in the Russian literary journal The Russian Messenger in twelve monthly installments during 1866 .
Vincenzo Montella ( born June 18 , 1974 in Castello di Cisterna ) is a retired Italian footballer .
In Greek mythology , Nyx ( , Nox in Roman translation ) was the primordial goddess of the night .
In Roman mythology , Juno was the equivalent mythical character .
Siege of Washington for Little People .
Callaway is located at .
The five largest cities in Missouri are Kansas City , St. Louis , Springfield , Independence , and Columbia .
Ornithischia or Predentata is an extinct order of beaked , herbivorous dinosaurs .
Current guidelines strongly recommend that hepatitis C patients be vaccinated for hepatitis A and B if they have not yet been exposed to these viruses , as infection with a second virus could worsen their liver disease .
It is placed as the heaviest member of group 9 ( or VIII ) in the periodic table but a sufficiently stable isotope is not known at this time which would allow chemical experiments to confirm its position , unlike its lighter neighbors .
Sauber Petronas Engineering AG was a company owned jointly by the Swiss racing car manufacturer Sauber ( 60 % ) and the Malaysian oil company Petronas ( 40 % ) .
Upon winning a 2 -- 0 game over Stockport County on 24 January 2004 , McCormick set a new club record of seven consecutive clean sheets , leading him to be voted the most promising player of the 2003 -- 04 season by Plymouth Argyle fans .
which were officially announced by FIFA on 17 March 2006 :
In 1950 the district was dissolved and its municipalities were assigned to the neighboring districts Aue , Chemnitz and Zwickau .
Unlike the silky pocket mice ( genus Perognathus ) , most species of the genus Chaetodipus have harsh pelage with some bordering on spiny hair .
Joué - en-Charnie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
This film is rated PG by the MPAA , this is the first family film under Disney 's Hollywood Pictures Banner .
The original Longhorn , based on the Windows XP source code , was scrapped , and Longhorn 's development started anew , building on the Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 codebase , and re-incorporating only the features that would be intended for an actual operating system release .
A strong animal welfare movement concerning veal started in the 1980s with the release of photographs of veal calves tethered in crates where they could barely move .
However , egrets are not a biologically distinct group from the herons , and tend to be named differently because they are mainly white and\/or have decorative plumes .
A German study has shown that 1 -- 2 % of the population meet all the diagnostic criteria of BDD , with a larger percentage showing milder symptoms of the disorder ( Psychological Medicine , vol 36 , p 877 ) .
For over 40 years , he has recorded over 1200 songs for Japanese film , television , video and video games .
The word relief has two unrelated meanings .
Also proposed as Homo sapiens neanderthalensis .
A former member , Rik Fox has stated that he was the '' friend '' that coined the name WASP .
Melling made his Great Britain debut in the 42-14 victory over the French on June 22 2007 , despite carrying an injury .
Mitosis is the process by which a eukaryotic cell separates the chromosomes in its cell nucleus into two identical sets in two nuclei .
Minnesota endures temperature extremes characteristic of its continental climate ; with cold winters and hot summers .
The '' Justice fountain '' ( Gerechtskeitbrunnen ) was built in 1634 , and is made of French limestone ; it includes a statue of Lady Justice made of sandstone , hence the name .
There were no major damage or casualties as Blanca 's impact was generally minimal .
They signed in 2003 with GMR Music Group of Stockholm .
The cost of the architectural competition was 850,000 Danish Kroner ( 113,900 EUR , 177,700 USD , 89,500 GBP ) .
Eisenstein corresponded with Prokofiev from Alma Ata , and was joined by him there in 1942 .
The core modules of Gibraltar are : Firewall with stateful packet inspection Proxy server Virtual private network Spamfilter Antivirus gateway Traffic shaping Anonymizer External links gibraltar .
F. L. Ganshof , '' Benefice and Vassalage in the Age of Charlemagne '' Cambridge Historical Journal 6.2 ( 1939:147 -75 ) .
Lithium is soft enough to be cut with a knife ; it is the lightest and softest of the metals on the periodic table .
Events By place Roman Empire Claudius marries Plautia Urgulanilla following the death of Livia Medullina .
This album was the first recorded performance of Rick Allen playing a semi-acoustic drum kit since his accident , and not his electronic set as was first used with Hysteria .
It is Lordi 's worst selling album to date .
If you would like to experiment again , please use the sandbox .
French genocide scholar Yves Ternon , who has studied the battalion , suggested that while there were no '' substantial '' fascistic inclinations among the Armenians in general , Kanayan was an exception ; Ternon characterized '' Dro '' as possessive of substantial '' fascist deviation .
Veeck and Taylor had had the foresight to have a copy of Gaedel 's contract on hand , as well as a copy of the Browns ' active roster , which had room for Gaedel 's addition .
A molecular cloud , sometimes called a stellar nursery if star formation is occurring within , is a type of interstellar cloud whose density and size permits the formation of molecules , most commonly molecular hydrogen ( H2 ) .
Literary criticism The novel received favorable reviews in several major newspapers .
This also allows a larger aperture for a given sharpness of image , allowing more light to enter the lens ; and a flatter lens , reducing spherical aberration .
According to the 2002 census , the urban population is 1,183 and the rural population is 2,860 .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
The performance is typically given in an opera house , accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble .
The Thoth Tarot ( ) is a divinatory tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris according to instructions from Aleister Crowley .
Regular contributions to The State of the World , Vital Signs and World Watch .
Because land was equivalent to power , these powerful men could try to claim the crown .
Derealization ( DR ) is an alteration in the perception or experience of the external world so that it seems strange or unreal .
Ballots is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Les Clark ( November 17 , 1907 - September 12 , 1979 ) , who joined Disney in 1927 .
Rankin was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer just three weeks before he passed .
Scholarly interest in creativity ranges widely : the relationship between creativity and general intelligence ; the mental and neurological processes associated with creative activity ; personality type and creative ability ; creativity and mental health ; creativity in education ; and ways of fostering creativity through training and technology .
The band released several singles along with two albums with him as the vocalist , entitled Voyage ~ Sans Retour ~ and Merveilles . At the immediate start of 1999 , he left Malice Mizer .
Ankst was a Welsh independent record label formed in 1988 at the University of Wales , Aberystwyth by Alun Llwyd , Gruffudd Jones and Emyr Glyn Williams .
At some institutions , the BD is regarded as a higher degree than the BA .
Over their four decade career , Heart has had chart success with a variety of musical styles , ranging from hard rock and metal ( Barracuda , If Looks Could Kill , Black on Black II ) , to folk rock ( Dreamboat Annie , Dog and Butterfly ) , to power ballads ( Alone , These Dreams , What About Love ) .
Aberdeen Grammar School is opened .
They were later joined by keyboardist Frank '' Skip '' Konte when Emilio Garcia left the band to become a pilot .
Seek to have a '' clean car '' , and focus on issues such as dents or tree limbs falling on a car .
The winning bid will be announced in the Summer of 2015 .
Outside of the Benelux , ING 's focus is on Central and Eastern Europe , and Asia . In India , ING has a 44 % stake in ING Vysya Bank and is the single largest shareholder .
The first tensor equation is an expression of the two inhomogeneous Maxwell 's equations , Gauss 's law and Ampere 's law with Maxwell 's correction .
Motorola started in Chicago , Illinois as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation ( at 847 West Harrison Street ) in 1928 , with its first product being a battery eliminator .
Also , Cyclone Monica of 2006 was rated at 869 mb by Dvorak classifications , although this was dismissed as the source was unofficial .
The only Wikipedia content you should contact the Wikimedia Foundation about is the trademarked Wikipedia\/Wikimedia logos , which are not freely usable without permission .
Cussy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Palms may also live in grasslands and scrublands , usually associated with a water source , and in desert oases such as the Date Palm .
Persuasion methods are also sometimes referred to as persuasion tactics or persuasion strategies .
Robinson thus simultaneously became the first black player to openly play for a minor league team and against a major league team since the de facto baseball color line had been implemented in the 1880s .
Sora , the protagonist , flies on him and Dumbo splashes enemies with water from his trunk .
The 2000 U.S. Census listed the county 's population at 24,384 ; the 2010 U.S. Census listed the population as 27,281 .
Kirby , Ontario
Middle Chinese ( ) , or Ancient Chinese as used by linguist Bernhard Karlgren , refers to the Chinese language spoken during Southern and Northern Dynasties and the Sui , Tang , and Song dynasties ( 6th century - 10th century ) .
Jully-sur-Sarce is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Since December 1994 the old town of Quedlinburg and the castle mount with the collegiate church are listed as one of UNESCO 's World Heritage Sites .
South America ranks fourth in area ( after Asia , Africa , and North America ) and fifth in population ( after Asia , Africa , Europe , and North America ) .
The 18th Amendment to the United States Constitution , authorizing Prohibition , goes into effect in the United States .
Wizardry III : Legacy of Llylgamyn ( X1\/turbo , FM-7 , FM-77 , PC-8801 , PC-9801 , MSX2 , Famicom , Game Boy Color , C64 )
He served as judge at several Iraqi districts , including Baghdad , and as an ambassador of the Abbasid caliph to several Muslim states .
Maninghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , it has some distinct differences due to the Finno-Ugric and Balto-Finnic culture of the region .
Interstate 95 in North Carolina is one of four major north -- south corridors through the state ( the others being U.S. Route 220 ( Interstate 73 ) \/O/ U.S. Route 29 , Interstate 77 , and Interstate 26 ) . I-95 informally serves as separation between the piedmont and coastal plain regions of North Carolina .
An alternative , the slashed zero ( looking similar to the letter O except for the slash ) , was primarily used in hand-written coding sheets before transcription to punched cards or tape , and is also used in old-style ASCII graphic sets descended from the default typewheel on the ASR-33 Teletype .
Paramore released '' Pressure '' as its first single , with a video directed by Shane Drake , but the song had failed to place in the charts .
Fox 2000 Pictures have bought the film rights to the book .
She is startled when Wozzeck arrives and when he asks where she got the earrings , she says she found them .
Prior to the discovery of procaine , cocaine was the most commonly used local anesthetic .
As part of this process , the East Pacific Rise propagated up the middle of the Gulf along the seabottom .
Dobruja , or Dobrudja ( ; ) , is a historical region shared by Bulgaria and Romania , located between the lower Danube river and the Black Sea , including the Danube Delta , Romanian coast and the northernmost part of the Bulgarian coast .
The word derives from the Greek '' '' ( mania ) , '' madness , frenzy '' , Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library and that from the verb '' '' ( mainomai ) , '' to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
It is a Uralic language and is closely related to Finnish .
Prussia 's reward in 1815 at the Congress of Vienna was the recovery of her lost territories , as well as the whole of the Rhineland , Westphalia , and some other territories .
Currently , the first eleven seasons are available on DVD in Regions 1 , 2 and 4 .
A chemical substance is a material with a specific chemical composition .
Class Acanthodii ( spiny sharks , extinct )
Dalpe is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
By his own admission , eventually he more or less gave up writing and took to full-time drinking .
Weems and his orchestra were based in Chicago , and were regulars on radio shows such as The Jack Benny Program and Fibber McGee and Molly ; ( RealPlayer ) the Weems band also had its own weekly radio program on the Mutual Broadcasting System from 1936 & ndash ; 1937 .
Laksa is simply referred to or ordered at a restaurant as laksa ( curry laksa ) or asam laksa .
Following in the footsteps of recent F3000 graduates such as Juan Pablo Montoya and Bruno Junqueira , Bourdais moved to Champ Car racing in the United States and joined Newman-Haas Racing for the 2003 CART season .
He shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine '' for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns '' with two other important early ethologists , Niko Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch .
The Winter and Spring of 1967 saw an escalation of the militancy of the protests at many campuses .
It is the economic , cultural and political center of French Polynesia .
( Stress Remix ) ( featuring Ghostface Killah , Tyga , and Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy ) & ndash ; 4:32
She is now the lead female vocalist in the popular Taiwanese band Nan Quan Mama ( ) .
The city is home to several attractions : the Hudson River Museum , the Sherwood House , Beczak Environmental Education Center , the Science Barge , Cross County Shopping Center , Yonkers Raceway , a harness racing track that has renovated its grounds and clubhouse and added legalized video slot machine gambling in 2006 in a '' racino '' called Empire City .
In Chinese , Korean , and Japanese painting it has been the dominant medium , often in monochrome black or browns .
Bezenye is a village in Gy r-Moson-Sopron county , Hungary ( Croatian Bizonja German Pallersdorf ) .
Revisions were made and published in 1946 and 1951 .
Owing to the ubiquity of the trade name Novocain , procaine is usually referred to generically as novocaine .
From an inscription that was on its plinth , it is thought to be the work of Alexandros of Antioch ; it was earlier mistakenly attributed to the master sculptor Praxiteles .
Morgan is perhaps best known as Colonel Sherman T. Potter on M \* A \* S \* H ( 1975-83 ) , Pete Porter on both Pete and Gladys ( 1960-62 ) and December Bride ( 1954-1959 ) , Detective Bill Gannon on Dragnet ( 1967-70 ) , and Amos Coogan on Hec Ramsey ( 1972-74 ) .
The Alliance defined these in response to serious weaknesses researchers had found in the previous system , WEP ( Wired Equivalent Privacy ) .
The style was popular in vaudeville and medicine shows , and was associated with Memphis ' main entertainment area , Beale Street .
A LOW output results only if both the inputs to the gate are HIGH .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party ( SDHP ) ( ) , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
History Leicestershire was recorded in the Domesday Book in four wapentakes : Guthlaxton , Framland , Goscote and Gartree .
Well-known examples of such scales are :
First founded as a title in 1925 , in 1928 the rank became one of the first commissioned Nazi ranks and was bestowed upon those SA and SS officers who commanded units known as Standarten which were regiment-sized formations of between three hundred and five hundred men .
Other towns include North Pole , just southeast of Fairbanks , Eagle , Tok , Glennallen , Delta Junction , Nenana , Anderson , Healy and Cantwell .
Jet may refer to :
Vaiges is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
La Sauve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1976 she won a song contest organized by the zmir Radio Station with her song '' Annem '' ( '' My Mother '' ) .
Sarbhana is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
On April 16 , 2007 , Gustavo Dudamel conducted the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra in a concert in commemoration of the 80th birthday of Pope Benedict XVI , with Hilary Hahn as solo violinist , with the Pope himself and many other church dignitaries among the audience .
Orchestra Hall at Symphony Center was designated a National Historic Landmark on April 19 , 1994 .
In Greek mythology , Bia ( Ancient Greek : , English translation : '' Force '' ) was the personification of force , daughter of Pallas and Styx .
Sombrin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Members may also purchase larger igloos and decorate their igloos with items bought with virtual coins earned by playing mini-games .
Rita made landfall near the Texas-Louisiana border on September 24 .
Several companies are grouped to form a battalion or regiment , the latter of which is sometimes formed by several battalions .
Avon , Victoria
In 2003 , she won five Grammy Awards , Best New Artist , Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for the album and Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for the single '' Do n't Know Why '' at the 45th Grammy Awards .
notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
After Solti 's death , his widow and daughters began the Solti Foundation to assist young musicians .
The United States funded STS development and shuttle operations .
It contains approximately of redwood and grassland .
The population is about 3,500,000 .
While out working , she meets Silvermist ( Lucy Liu ) , a water fairy ; Rosetta ( Kristin Chenoweth ) , a garden fairy ; Iridessa ( Raven-Symon é ) , a light fairy ; and Fawn ( America Ferrera ) , an animal fairy .
However there were other young terrorists available to swell the dwindling ranks of the Gang .
Because of the War in Darfur waged by the Sudanese government against the non-Arab indigenous population , the region has been in a state of humanitarian emergency since 2003 .
It is the sole species of the genus Anethum , though classified by some botanists in a related genus as Peucedanum graveolens ( L. ) C.B. Clarke .
Band members are Nathan Willett ( lead vocals , piano , guitar ) , Jonnie Russell ( guitar , vocals , percussion ) , Matt Maust ( bass guitar ) , and Matt Aveiro ( drums ) .
Year 19 ( XIX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The woman team , for instance , is in the first Bundesliga ( i.e. national league ) , the man team in the second .
The World Bank is one of five institutions created at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944 .
The first branch of cubism , known as Analytic Cubism , was both radical and influential as a short but highly significant art movement between 1907 and 1911 in France .
Various inscriptions of the Res Gestae have been found scattered across the former Roman Empire .
In a particular sub-set of the BDSM culture , submissive personalities who do not enjoy suffering themselves may nevertheless accept suffering play to serve or please their Master or Mistress .
Pas-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Unsuccessful negotiations with France for diplomatic status , as well as the impending Nazi occupation of France , forced the Committee to withdraw to London in 1940 .
It was named for violinist Isaac Stern in 1997 .
A compound eye may consist of thousands of individual photoreceptor units or ommatidia ( ommatidium , singular ) .
gaarr , ) is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia , located at the mouth of the Endeavour River , on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland .
Near Beveridge is Mt Fraser , an eroded extinct volcanic cone .
Davide Ghirlandaio ( 1452 -- 1525 ) , younger brother of Domenico
The Council of Chalcedon was an ecumenical council of the Christian Church , held from 8 October to 1 November 451 at Chalcedon ( a city of Bithynia in Asia Minor ) .
Ending in 2008 the report was that the typical netbook featured a weight , a screen , wireless Internet connectivity , Linux or Windows XP , an Intel Atom processor , and a cost of less than $ 400 US .
Heinrich 's mother , Luise Therese Sophie , died in 1831 , when Heinrich was nine years old .
Energy transfer by heat occur between objects by conduction .
He stayed at Channel 9 until 1971 when he worked for a travel agent in Beaumaris .
The football team is among the most successful in the world , particularly at the turn of the 21st century , with one FIFA World Cup victory in 1998 , one FIFA World Cup second place in 2006 , and two European Championships in 1984 and 2000 .
The Stade de Suisse Wankdorf is a football stadium in Bern , Switzerland .
A Rail Accident Investigation Board report stated that the derailment was due to wear and tear on the track with a contributory factor being the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype .
Some works are in Parisan museums , in Blois , and in Grenoble , but especially in private collectors ' homes .
In the case of a TV show , low ratings may cause a network to cancel the show , possibly after having filmed an entire season and aired some episodes .
At midnight on 3 December 1984 , the plant released 42 tonnes of toxic methyl isocyanate ( MIC ) gas , exposing more than 500,000 people to toxic gases .
Internet Explorer has introduced a number of extensions to JScript that have been adopted by other browsers .
When later interviewed by Sirius\/XM , however , she said that Auto-Tune was n't bad if used '' in a creative way '' and noted her song '' Elastic Love '' from Bionic uses it .
Resolutions to cliffhangers and other plots left unresolved in the previous season 's season finale .
In 1567 he founded Fredrikstad in Norway .
Rinpoche attended Catholic School in Kalimpong , and then university in Delhi before coming to the west .
Additionally , Tropical Storm Danielle flooded the northeast coast of Texas , and Tropical Storm Hermine was responsible for flooding in Mexico .
The history of ringing Saint Patricks bell in modern times
The Middle Fork begins at Thousand Island Lake and joins the South Fork north of Balloon Dome in the Ansel Adams Wilderness .
The Venetian fleet defeats the Egyptian fleet off Ascalon .
Croignon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
This line succeeded them and ruled Imperial Russia from 1762 to 1917 .
It was released in Japan on November 1 , 2007 , the United States on November 12 , 2007 , Canada on November 14 , 2007 , Europe on November 16 , 2007 , Australia on November 29 , 2007 , South Africa on February 1 , 2008 .
Birmingham attacked strongly in the next ten minutes . In the 75th minute Trautmann , diving at an incoming ball , was knocked out in a collision with Birmingham 's Peter Murphy in which he was hit in the neck by Murphy 's right knee .
People who travel and stay away from home for more than a day need lodging for sleep , rest , safety , shelter from cold temperatures or rain , storage of luggage and access to common household functions .
Bullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France .
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage ( 1974 AUD ) and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 percent of houses .
Last visited August 8 , 2007 .
Andy Merrill ( born November 27 , 1966 in Newark , Ohio ) is a television writer , producer , and voice actor best known for his comedy voice portrayal of the character Brak on ' and Cartoon Planet and other related productions from Cartoon Network utilizing characters from the Space Ghost series .
Adam Opel AG is a German automobile company founded by Adam Opel in 1862 .
They have been championed by such well known DJs as Steve Lamacq and Jo Whiley , and performed at the Reading and Leeds Festivals in 2006 , where they were tagged '' the band most likely to leap to the main stage in 2007 '' in an NME review .
His body is carried away in a solemn funeral procession .
Activists in Portugal , Australia , the United States , and elsewhere pressured their governments to take action , with US President Bill Clinton eventually threatening Indonesia , in dire economic straits already , with the withdrawal of IMF loans .
His focus for several decades became the state 's economic control of how trade could take place , and what currency counted as legitimate .
Eternal flame , a constantly burning flame
Despite or perhaps as a result of its apparent prosperity and grandeur , Carcoar continued to suffer from bushranging activity and , historically , 1863 saw what is most likely to be Australia 's first daylight bank robbery when Johnny Gilbert and John O'Meally held up the Commercial Bank .
Tumors of the salivary glands may occur .
Michelle Leigh McCool ( born January 25 , 1981 ) is an American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on the SmackDown brand where she is the current reigning WWE Women 's Champion .
They are members of the Isthmian League Premier Division .
Its content was mainly about the Leonese territory and 30 % of it was written in the Leonese language , from opinion articles to informations on Leonese .
The middle 50 % of admitted applicants reported an SAT score of about 1920 -- 2180 and an ACT score of 28-32 , with AP credit granted to over 3000 freshmen students .
A hero ( heroine for females ) ( ) , in Greek mythology and folklore , was originally a demigod , their cult being one of the most distinctive features of ancient Greek religion .
In 1522 , the priory was surrendered to Cardinal Wolsey , who had selected it as the site for his proposed college .
During the Russo-Turkish War Romania fought on the Russian side , and in the 1878 Treaty of Berlin , Romania was recognized as an independent state by the Great Powers .
Egliswil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There is no anything ! ' Then it gets real easy to write this stuff , because all you have to do is twist everything hard- you twist the punch line , you twist the non sequitur so hard away from the things that set it up '' .
Ban Ki-moon ( ; born 13 June 1944 ) is the current Secretary-General of the United Nations succeeding Kofi Annan in 2007 .
At the age of nine she was awarded a scholarship from the Venezuelan government to study in the USA .
Al Ahli Football Club ( ) is a United Arab Emirates professional football ( soccer ) club .
Tram No. 2 , which had been converted to a toastrack in 1916 , had a central gangway cut through for the benefit of the ladies .
MTV : What about Weird Al 's '' Smells Like Nirvana '' ?
Preprint Its diameter is estimated at 72 km ( assuming albedo of 0.04 ) making it the second largest irregular satellite of Uranus , half the size of Sycorax , the biggest irregular satellite of Uranus .
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The New Musical Express ( better known as the NME ) is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom that has been published weekly since March 1952 .
Cuentos del SilISBN 84-611-0061-1 ( Tales of the Sil ) is a Leonese language book written by nine leonese language writers .
To remember the events of 1692 , The City of Salem dedicated The Witch Trials Memorial , designed by Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel in August 1992 as part of the Salem Witch Trials TerCentenary .
Demo # 2 was unknown to be recorded and the last demo was Buddha which was recorded at Double Time Studios in San Diego , California and released by Filter Records .
Relation to instruction set architecture The ISA is roughly the same as the programming model of a processor as seen by an assembly language programmer or compiler writer .
Events moved quickly and his prosecution opened on 26 April 1895 . Wilde pleaded not guilty .
As of September 2010 , Vettel holds numerous Formula One records , mostly for being the youngest driver to achieve a certain feat .
Oliver Rolf Kahn ( ; born 15 June 1969 ) is a former German football goalkeeper .
The cross , which is today one of the most widely recognised symbols in the world , was used as a Christian symbol from the earliest times .
Proussy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Results from the 2006 Census are available on the ABS web site .
but ` how important is civil society to the production of social capital ? ' .
Two weeks later he was discovered and launched by Italian TV presenter Pippo Baudo .
It was the first animal enzyme to be discovered , and , in 1929 , it became one of the first enzymes to be crystallized , by John H. Northrop .
The team won promotion from Scottish Football League Division 2 to SFL Division 1 in the 2003 04 season ; this was followed up by promotion to the Scottish Premier League in the 2007 08 season .
The roof is notable for it gargoyles , featuring a wide range of animals , both domestic and mythical .
April 5 -- Pocahontas marries John Rolfe .
September 21 & ndash ; Jingtai Emperor of China ( d. 1457 )
Benjamin Ricketson Tucker ( April 17 , 1854 - June 22 , 1939 ) was a proponent of American individualist anarchism in the 19th century , and editor and publisher of the individualist anarchist periodical Liberty .
The Final Cut was recorded in eight studios across Britain , from July to December 1982 .
After college , Reed was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round ( 24th overall pick ) of the 2002 NFL Draft .
Guru Ram Das ( ) ( Born in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan on 24 September 1534 -- 1 September 1581 , Amritsar , Punjab , India ) as the fourth of the Ten Gurus of Sikhism , and he became Guru on 30 August 1574 following in the footsteps of his father in law Guru Amar Das .
It was released May 1 , 2006 internationally , and May 9 , 2006 in the United States .
She was the seventh of eleven children .
Thomas Heatherwick ( born 17 February 1970 ) is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
They separate the North West of England from Yorkshire and the North East .
As of the species ' most recent review in 2008 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is listed by the IUCN as vulnerable , with a downward population trend .
Red Prophet ( 1988 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
As in other forms of object animation , the object is arranged on the set ( background ) , a film frame is exposed , and the object or character is then moved slightly by hand .
The office of Messenger was abolished in 1859 .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over 100 m and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
He was one of the leading figures in the Yiddish literary movement , and received the Nobel Prize in literature in 1978 .
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo ( 23 July 1886 , Corunna , Spain - 14 December 1978 , Locarno , Switzerland ) was a Spanish diplomat , writer , historian and pacifist .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
The next day he told Elizabeth everything he knew .
Finally , a railway , the broad gauge , arrived at Beechworth in September 1876The Ovens Valley Goldfields Railways Eardley , Gifford Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin December , 1968 pp281-294 ; January , 1969 1-18 , but by that stage the town and its gold production was waning .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
After his film Nightbreed ( Cabal ) , which was widely considered to be a flop , Barker returned to write and direct Lord of Illusions .
The Altmark is a historical region that covers the territory of this district as well as parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal .
Their popularity rapidly climbed with the release of their second album The Promise in 2001 , which featured more diverse genres than its predecessor .
These are known as the system 's resonant frequencies .
The band underwent another radical stylistic transmutation with the release of Signals in 1982 .
Andreas Hinkel ( born 26 March 1982 in Backnang , Germany ) is a German footballer who currently plays for Scottish Premier League club Celtic .
After a two year break , Norwood returned to recording studios , adding the finishing touches on his third studio album Raydiation with help from producers such as Rodney Jerkins , Timbaland , R. Kelly , and Rob Egerton .
Parshall & Tully , Shattered Sword , p. 33 .
Ten Years after Hurricane Andrew St Petersburg Times The effects of Hurricane Andrew on Florida wetlands were considerable .
During these times , the church experienced great growth and became one of the largest congregations in the country .
Scouting for Boys : A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship is the first book on the Scout Movement , published in 1908 .
The single cover is an homage to the incident where Ringo Starr briefly left The Beatles during the recording of The White Album ; after the other three Beatles members successfully persuaded him to return , George Harrison decorated Ringo 's drum kit in red , white , and blue flowers to show their appreciation .
There are over 4,000 different species recorded in the reserve .
NetSolve was an information technology company based in the United States .
Railway building began at Derby Works in 1840 , when the North Midland Railway , the Midland Counties Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Railway set up engine sheds as part of their Tri Junct Station .
Brooklyn South is a short-lived American ensemble police drama series that aired on CBS for only one season during the 1997-98 television season .
In contrast to selenium , tellurium is not able to replace sulfur in its minerals . This is due to the large difference in ion radius of sulfur and tellurium .
For other uses , see Mule ( disambiguation )
Tectonic lithosphere plates consist of lithospheric mantle overlain by either or both of two types of crustal material : oceanic crust ( in older texts called sima from silicon and magnesium ) and continental crust ( sial from silicon and aluminium ) .
In 1958 , the State Department explained that the terms '' Near East '' and '' Middle East '' were interchangeable , and defined the region as including only Egypt , Syria , Israel , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar .
July -- December July 6 -- Monmouth Rebellion -- Battle of Sedgemoor : the armies of King James II of England defeat rebel forces under Monmouth and capture the Duke himself , shortly after the battle .
An Internship ( formerly known as in-training ) is a paid practical training and play a crucial role in the education program of IMI .
If the resulting pieces of ejecta are small enough , the material is called volcanic ash , defined as such particles less than 2 mm in diameter , sand-sized or smaller .
Sir Thomas More ( 7 February 1478 -- 6 July 1535 ) , also known as Saint Thomas More , was an English lawyer , author , and statesman who in his lifetime gained a reputation as a leading Renaissance humanist scholar , and occupied many public offices , including Lord Chancellor ( 1529 -- 1532 ) .
The essential definition of media studies involves the study of media effects .
These Roman Catholic monarchists believed the image would protect them against wounding by the enemy firearms .
November 29 & ndash ; Ralph de Neville , 1st Earl of Westmorland , marries Joan Beaufort .
Multi-user is a term that defines an operating system or application software that allows concurrent access by multiple users of a computer .
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century Lanham , MD : Rowman & Littlefield , 2007 , xxxi + 800 pp .
This stood at 79,491 for a game against Arsenal but has since been surpassed , although it does remain Manchester City 's largest League crowd .
Public Ivy is a term coined by Richard Moll in his 1985 book Public Ivies : A Guide to America 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities to refer to universities which '' provide an Ivy League collegiate experience at a public school price .
Motoo Tatsuhara ( born January 14 , 1913 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The Montreal Wanderers were a Canadian amateur , and later becoming a professional men 's ice hockey team .
Shahrukh Khan ( , ) born November 2 , 1965 , sometimes credited as Shah Rukh Khan , is an Indian actor , who has been a prominent Bollywood figure , as well as a film producer and television host .
Its role is multifaceted due largely to the instrument 's combined melodic and harmonic capabilities .
Today , the connotations of the proselytizing are often negative and it is commonly used to describe attempts to force people to convert .
It is also linked to Sydney by rail .
In the 1980s and 1990s , biologists found that microbial life has an amazing flexibility for surviving in extreme environments - niches that are extraordinarily hot , or acidic , for example - that would be completely inhospitable to complex organisms .
Karen Sheila Gillan ( born 28 November 1987 ) is a Scottish actress who is best known for her current portrayal of Amy Pond in the British science fiction series Doctor Who .
Bo idar Bandovi ( Serbian Cyrillic : o ap a o ; born August 30 , 1969 ) is a Serbian football manager and former player , currently unemployed .
On August 3 , 1987 , the United States Postal Service issued a 22 cent postage stamp in his honor .
Its studios are located at Broadcast City , Old Balara , Capitol Hills , Diliman , Quezon City and its transmitter is located at the Coca Cola plant in Roosevelt Ave. , San Francisco Del Monte , Quezon City .
The term '' prawn '' is also used in various contexts for other animals , especially caridean shrimp . They are found worldwide and include commercially significant species , such as the whiteleg shrimp Litopenaeus vannamei , Atlantic white shrimp Penaeus setiferus , Indian prawn Fenneropenaeus indicus and tiger prawn Penaeus monodon .
Poe first published the story in the May 1842 edition of Graham 's Lady 's and Gentleman 's Magazine as '' The Mask of the Red Death '' , with the tagline '' A Fantasy '' .
The racial makeup of the city was 75.54 % White , 4.70 % Black or African American , 1.45 % Native American , 2.74 % Asian , 0.13 % Pacific Islander , 11.97 % from other races , and 3.47 % from two or more races .
Teller is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
This method contrasts sharply with Herodotus ' earlier work The Histories , which jumps around chronologically and makes frequent and roundabout excursions into seemingly unrelated areas and time periods .
The entire process for an SS-Junker to become an SS officer usually took between 18 to 24 months to complete .
They use obscene language and they kiss each other online .
People who live in such a group home may be recovering drug addicts , developmentally disabled , abused or neglected youths , youths with behavioural or emotional problems , and/or youths with criminal records .
The film was released to theaters by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on November 2 , 2001 , in Australia on December 26 , 2001 , and in the United Kingdom on February 8 , 2002 .
Three Rambo sequels Rambo : First Blood Part II ( 1985 ) , Rambo III ( 1988 ) and Rambo ( 2008 ) followed .
Laroque was injured during the pre-game warm up and Sevigny was dressed as a back up in his place .
Probert played for the National Hockey League 's Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Blackhawks .
One of two species of whale in the Monodontidae family , along with the Beluga whale , the narwhal males are distinguished by a characteristic long , straight , helical tusk extending from their upper left jaw .
Anthropologist Norman Tindale suggested the principal group occupying the region were the Ngunnawal people , while the Ngarigo lived immediately to the south of the ACT , The Wandandian to the east , the Walgulu also to the south , Gandangara people to the north , and Wiradjuri to the north west .
The impact flipped the vehicle and Horton , who was not wearing a seat belt , was ejected from the vehicle .
; Sharon Tate He met rising actress Sharon Tate while filming The Fearless Vampire Killers , and during the production the two of them began dating .
Some of Sutherland 's more notable movie roles included offbeat warriors in such war movies as The Dirty Dozen , in 1967 , and MASH and Kelly 's Heroes in 1970 , as well as in such popular films as Klute , Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Ordinary People .
Brett Lorenzo Favre ( ) ( born October 10 , 1969 , in ) is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings .
It reached sales of 2.88 million copies by the end of 2008 and produced four singles that achieved chart success , including the international hit '' Lollipop '' and Billboard hits '' A Milli '' , '' Got Money '' , and '' Mrs. Officer '' .
The city of Zagreb , Croatia , is first mentioned as a bishopric see .
The league changed its name to the Australian Football League ( AFL ) following the 1989 season .
Marino Perani ( born 27 October 1939 ) is a retired Italian footballer .
Alexandra Daddario plays Annabeth while Jake Abel was cast as Luke Castellan .
It is a concept not necessarily confined to formal Elasticity Theory which primarily develops an analytical understanding of the mechanics of solid bodies and materials .
She enjoyed reading about politics and read newspapers .
The most widely accepted theory recognises the city 's name as deriving from the Latin Via Regis ( '' Kings ' Road '' ) , the name of the Medieval road linking the fortification built on the beach to Lucca .
Big Ben is a very important tower of London .
Chris Haskett , then with the Rollins Band is credited in the liner notes with '' sledge hammer '' , probably relating to the '' three pianos and shotguns smashed with sledgehammers '' on Disgustipated .
Asclepias verticillata ( Whorled MilkweedUSDA PLANTS Database , or Horsetail Milkweed ) is a species of milkweed which is used as a medicinal plant and in Butterfly gardening .
Hollywood Undead is an American rap rock band from Los Angeles , California .
Between his 110th and 111th birthdays Allingham made over 60 public appearances , including a visit to The Oval on 5 June 2007 , the day before his 111th birthday , where he was wheeled around the boundary in front of the spectators .
Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
Survivor : Africa is the third season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Autolycus ' surviving works include a book on spheres entitled On the Moving Sphere and another On Risings and Settings of celestial bodies .
It may be used in the context of BDSM or in its own right , as in the case of rope bondage and breast bondage .
He is best known for his roles as Captain '' Howling Mad '' Murdock on the 1980s action show The A-Team , and as Reginald Barclay in Star Trek : The Next Generation , Star Trek : Voyager , and the film Star Trek : First Contact .
A man 's wealth would have been measured by the number of his animals ( small livestock ) , ' ( cf . English fee , Latin pecunia ) .
If doubles are not rolled during the three tries , he passes the turn .
He is noted in particular for his silent films Strike ( 1924 ) , Battleship Potemkin ( 1925 ) and October ( 1927 ) , as well as the historical epics Alexander Nevsky ( 1938 ) and Ivan the Terrible ( 1944 , 1958 ) .
Live with Regis and Kathie Lee was also parodied ( 1990-1991 ) with Dana Carvey as Regis Philbin and Jan Hooks as Kathie Lee Gifford .
His 10-volume diary was exhibited at the George Bush Presidential Library in 2005 and is the subject of the Canadian documentary , My Opposition : the Diaries of Friedrich Kellner .
Description The American bison and the European wisent are the largest terrestrial mammals in North America and Europe .
Her most famous film was Triumph des Willens ( Triumph of the Will ) , a propaganda film made at the 1934 Nuremberg congress of the Nazi Party .
After recording basic tracks , the band moved production to England to first mix the heavy album , Deliverance , with Andy Sneap at Backstage Studios .
The Ford C-Max ( written Ford C-MAX and often called the Ford Focus C-Max ) is a compact MPV produced by Ford in Saarlouis for Europe since 2003 and in North America from 2011 .
Saint-Paul is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
AlignBars = justify
Because it existed in both the eastern and western Pacific , John was one of a small number of tropical cyclones to be designated as both a hurricane and a typhoon .
There was a previous station on the same site , called Poplar station , which was served by the London and Blackwall Railway from July 6 , 1840 to May 3 , 1926 .
The Corsican Buonapartes originated from minor Italian nobility , who had come to Corsica in the 16th century .
Phoronids ( ` Phoronida ' ) , commonly known as horseshoe worms , are a relatively small animal phylum : twenty species are known , in two genera , Phoronis and Phoronopsis .
Trippi , Peter ; Prettejohn , Elizabeth ; Upstone , Robert .
As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; wind speeds as high as 320 km\/h ( 200 mph ) have been recorded .
Eugenia aromaticum or Eugenia caryophyllata ) are the aromatic dried flower buds of a tree in the family Myrtaceae .
TWAS , until 2004 named Third World Academy of Sciences and now TWAS , the academy of sciences for the developing world , is a merit-based science academy uniting 1,000 scientists in some 70 countries .
Dimmu Borgir 's following full-length albums Spiritual Black Dimensions in 1999 and 2001 's Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia , both met critical acclaim .
In Warner 's third career Super Bowl appearance , on February 1 , 2009 , the Cardinals lost Super Bowl XLIII 27 23 to the Pittsburgh Steelers .
His father was a qualified optician , but had become well-known as a craftsman and model maker , running a highly successful model engine shop in Oxford Street .
The 2004 Formula One season was the 55th FIA Formula One World Championship season , running from March 7 to October 24 2004 .
The frieze circles the interior , just above the stalls , and depicts scenes and stories from the books of Genesis and Exodus , including Adam and Eve , Noah , the Tower of Babel , and Abraham , Isaac and Jacob .
On December 14 , 2007 , it was confirmed that Heikki Kovalainen who drove for Renault in 2007 would drive the second car for McLaren-Mercedes for the 2008 Formula One season alongside Hamilton .
However , the people of the region do not enjoy fundamental rights , because it continues to be governed by the Legal Framework Order of 1994 .
All penguins are countershaded for camouflage -- that is , they have a white underside and a dark ( mostly black ) upperside .
The soft pedal or una corda pedal is placed leftmost in the row of pedals .
The gaming system used for this title is known as the QuickStrike system .
The terms written constitution and codified constitution are often used interchangeably , as are unwritten constitution and uncodified constitution , although this usage is technically inaccurate .
ISBN 1-85437-513-X Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists , while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
It is also home to the all Volkswagen club event , 25 Hours of Spa , run by the Uniroyal Fun Cup .
The country became independent from the United Kingdom on 4 January 1948 , as the '' Union of Burma '' .
He is 11 and 12 in the first season , 13 in the second season , and 14 .
The highest score ever achieved in world competition was 374 , by the Frenchman Jean Reverchon in 1992 , while the highest score in competition overall is 427 set by Belgian Walter Bax on March 12 , 2006 at a competition held in Deurne , Belgium , beating his own previous record of 425 .
The ability to play DVDs , VCDs , audio CDs , MP3s , slideshows and Internet radio .
Paramount Pictures is an American film production and distribution company , located at 5555 Melrose Avenue in Hollywood .
Promoted by Village Sounds and Secret Service , the festival began in 2001 as one-day event and soon evolved into a two-day event in the following 2002 festival .
It is the first track on the studio album If Only You Were Lonely .
In 2003 , Toyota came to the IRL from the rival CART series .
In 1742 he bought Marvels Mill at Northampton and converted this to a cotton mill , probably the first water-powered spinning mill in the world .
The Ecclesbourne Valley Railway is an 8.5 mile heritage railway in Derbyshire , with operations based at Wirksworth station .
She is one of only two swimmers to win the same Olympic event three times - in her case the 100 meters freestyle .
A duchy is a territory , fief , or domain ruled by a duke or duchess .
November 10 & ndash ; Oliver Goldsmith , Irish writer ( d. 1774 )
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
Du Quoin is a city in Perry County , Illinois , United States .
When the hair is touched , it mechanically triggers the cell explosion , a harpoon-like structure which attaches to organisms that trigger it , and injects a dose of poison in the flesh of the aggressor or prey .
Dakar was the capital of the short-lived Mali Federation from 1959 to 1960 , after which it became the capital of Senegal .
Two young women claiming to be Anastasia and her sister Maria were taken in by a priest in the Ural Mountains in 1919 where they lived as nuns until their deaths in 1964 .
He was not initially a member of the Austrian National Socialist party , although he was sympathetic to many of their views and actions .
The Alaska Marine Highway passes through this region .
The Province of Cremona ( Italian : Provincia di Cremona ) is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
Rough study models can be made quickly using cardboard , wooden blocks , polystyrene , foam , foam boards and other materials .
Rum is a distilled beverage made from sugarcane by-products such as molasses and sugarcane juice by a process of fermentation and distillation .
Note the reversal of the subkey order for decryption ; this is the only difference between encryption and decryption : Unbalanced Feistel Cipher Unbalanced Feistel ciphers use a modified structure where and are not of equal lengths .
In 1994 both districts were merged in order to form a new district , which was called Westerzgebirgskreis and was one year later renamed to the present name ( Aue-Schwarzenberg ) .
Microsoft OneNote ( formerly called Microsoft Office OneNote ) is a computer program for free-form information gathering and multi-user collaboration .
Vogorno is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Jansa and his staff had developed a scenario for Austria 's defense against a German attack , a situation Hitler wanted to avoid at all costs .
Among them about 73 % come from Europe ( many of Albanian origin ) , 9 % from Africa , 9 % from the Americas and 8 % from Asia Including people holding multiple citizenship , 54.4 % of people living in Geneva hold a foreign passport .
It has a conspicuous white stripe behind its eye and a narrower stripe extending backward from the corner of its bill , bordering a blackish cheek patch .
It is set to be released on September 29 , 2009 .
Bateson was the first to suggest the word '' genetics '' ( from the Greek genn , ; to give birth ) to describe the study of inheritance and the science of variation in a personal letter to Adam Sedgwick , dated April 18 , 1905 .
However , what Huxley proposed was to create an edited version of the Bible , shorn of '' shortcomings and errors ... statements to which men of science absolutely and entirely demur ... These tender children ( should ) not be taught that which you do not yourselves believe '' .
The Asiatic Wildcat ( Felis silvestris ornata ) , also known as the Asian Steppe - Wildcat or Indian Desert Cat , is a subspecies of Wildcat that primarily inhabits the Rajasthan Desert , and Rann of Kutch including the adjoining Banni grasslands in India and the desert areas of Sindh in Pakistan .
Argall returned in November that same year and burned the Habitation to the ground while settlers were away nearby .
This meant rejecting all conventional desires for wealth , power , health , and fame , and by living a simple life free from all possessions .
He was largely responsible for the popularization of the terms feudalism and Byzantine Empire .
These vibrations become worse as engine size and power increase , so the more powerful engines used in larger cars generally are more complex designs with more than four cylinders .
The Journal of Experimental Biology .
The National Assembly is either a legislature , or the lower house of a bicameral legislature in some countries .
She then went on to sing the title role in Arabella ( her signature role ) for the first time in her life - at the Bavarian State Opera House in Munich in 1951 .
It is the largest country in the world .
Modification to Tsim Sha Tsui Station involved upgrading station facilities and concourse layout to facilitate access from the East Tsim Sha Tsui Station via its pedestrian links .
Tectonic forces and large sedimentary deposits around the latter have created several fields of mud volcanoes , many of them emitting methane and other hydrocarbons .
Garcelles-Secqueville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party ( SDHP ) ( ) , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
They are slow-growing evergreen shrubs or short trees , from tall , with sparse branches , sometimes bearing small thorns .
Eminescu had been active in the Junimea literary society , and served as editor of Timpul , the official newspaper of the Conservative Party .
Also , Sigmund Freud provided an analysis of taboo behaviors , highlighting strong unconscious motivations driving such prohibitions .
Assesse is a Belgian municipality located in the Walloon province of Namur .
Although Arminius was ultimately unsuccessful in forging unity among the Germanic tribes , the loss of the Roman legions in the Teutoburg forest had a far-reaching effect on the subsequent history of both the ancient Germanic tribes and on the Roman Empire .
After three years at the Old Vic , Olivier advised Gambon to gain experience in provincial rep. In 1967 , he left the NT for the Birmingham Repertory Company , which was to give him his first crack at the title roles in Othello ( his favorite ) , Macbeth and Coriolanus .
Meanwhile , an Albanian student takes Bart 's place in the Simpsons family , and shows great interest in Homer 's work at the nuclear power plant .
Capitalising on the unpopularity of King Richard III , his mother was able to forge an alliance with discontented Yorkists in support of her son , who landed in England and defeated Richard III at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 , proclaiming himself King Henry VII .
They were anxious to secure the north of Australia before the French or Dutch , who had colonised islands further north .
His first single was the little-known '' When You Gon/Ona '' , released as a collaboration with Lisa Carter , with little promotion .
Gray 's Manual of Botany , American Book Co. 1889 A herbaceous plant may be annual , biennial or perennial .
Uttar Pradesh shares an international border with Nepal and is bounded by the Indian states of Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Haryana , Delhi , Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Bihar .
His family moved to Detroit when he was 13 , where other ways of making money presented themselves .
The Most Rev. Dr. Desmond Mpilo Tutu ( born 7 October 1931 ) is a South African activist and Christian cleric who rose to worldwide fame during the 1980s as an opponent of apartheid .
Hobbits are a fictional diminutive race in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium who inhabit the lands of Middle-earth .
The Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education ( PASSHE ) is the largest provider of higher education in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a large public university system in the United States .
In 1963 , author Gore Vidal wrote a piece on the Tarzan series that , while pointing out several of the deficiencies that the Tarzan books have as works of literature , praises Edgar Rice Burroughs for creating a compelling '' daydream figure '' .
He was educated at Eton and at Oriel College , and later joined the Tenth Light Dragoons .
The first semantic distinction between astrology and astronomy was probably given by Isidore of Seville ( see astrology and astronomy ) .
Some art objects obtained from the graves are the Silver Siege Rhyton , the Mask of Agamemnon , the Cup of Nestor , and weapons both votive and practical .
Scott Young ( April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
In order to boost profits , Lee decides to institute a '' fierce creatures '' policy that means that only potentially deadly animals will be featured in the zoo .
It was named after Queen Mab , a fairy queen from English folklore who is mentioned in William Shakespeare 's play Romeo and Juliet .
Several of the topics in the novel include selective mutism , death and grief .
In a scandal that became known as '' Crashgate '' in the media , during the 2009 season around the time of the Belgium Grand Prix , allegations by former Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. about his crash in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix led to charges of race-fixing against Renault and the departure of team boss Flavio Briatore and engineering director Pat Symonds .
The concerto 's introduction to the USA is solely due to Dokschitzer , a Soviet trumpeter , who immigrated to the States and represented the concerto there .
Bastides are fortifiedBastide emphasises the '' built '' nature of the enterprise ; in spite of the fortified connotations of Bastille , most of the present town walls were not built initially , though their strategic location was a consideration from the start , in part through contractual promises of future military support from the new occupants .
The Hoopoe , Upupa epops , is a colourful bird that is found across Afro-Eurasia , notable for its distinctive ` crown ' of feathers .
Coffs Harbour is a coastal city located on the north coast of New South Wales about 540 km ( 340 miles ) north of Sydney , 385 km ( 240 miles ) north of Newcastle , and 440 km ( 275 miles ) south of Brisbane .
Bonson is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Argentina also claims the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands , which are administered by the United Kingdom as British Overseas Territories .
Baja Bugs originated in Southern California in the late 1960s as an inexpensive answer to the successful , Volkswagen-based dune buggies of the mid-1960s , especially the Meyers Manx .
As a granddaughter of the monarch in the male line , Elizabeth 's full style at birth was Her Royal Highness Princess Elizabeth of York .
The Statue of Zeus at Olympia was made by the Greek sculptor Phidias , circa 432 BC on the site where it was erected in the Temple of Zeus , Olympia , Greece .
BBC News ' '' On this day '' He was named one of the top 100 Asians of the Century by Time magazine (/O1999/O) .
These units are derived from the five dimensional universal physical constants of Table 1 , in such a manner that these constants are eliminated from fundamental equations of physical law when physical quantities are expressed in terms of Planck units .
James Timothy '' Jimmy '' Haggarty ( April 14 , 1914 -- March 8 , 1998 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics .
A portrait often shows a person looking directly at the painter or photographer , in order to most successfully engage the subject with the viewer .
Mineralised exoskeletons first appeared in the fossil record about 550 million years ago , and their evolution is considered by some to have played a role in the subsequent Cambrian explosion of animals .
In Roman mythology , Aurora , goddess of the dawn , renews herself every morning and flies across the sky , announcing the arrival of the sun .
It is the district in which the Karakoram Highway enters that territory from the North-West Frontier Province , the capital of the district is Chilas .
In 1969 , the orchestra hired Ernest Fleischmann to be Executive Vice President and General Manager .
Note that drinking tea is only a metaphor ; if you are living in the heat you can take a nice cold drink ; if these are n't manly enough you can sit around a fire and drink beer .
On the 6 is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Jennifer Lopez , released in the United States on June 1 , 1999 by Epic Records .
Cape Town was founded by the Dutch East India Company in South Africa .
Shakargarh Tehsil ( } , is a subdivision ( tehsil ) of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The story of the Resurrection is briefly told by the narrator and a chorus of angels , in a blissful , spring-like interlude .
There are two types of rainforest , tropical rainforest and temperate rainforest .
They are best known for their first three albums with future Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson , then known as '' Bruce Bruce '' , and drummer Thunderstick ( real name Barry Graham ) , who wore a leather mask and performed on stage in a metal cage .
The flat surface of the plate or stone is slightly roughened , or etched , and divided into hydrophilic regions that accept a film of water and thereby repel the greasy ink , and hydrophobic regions that repel water and accept ink because the surface tension is higher on the greasier image area which remains dry .
The seventh animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film plots an adventure through parts of Latin America , combining live-action and animation .
There is a burgeoning debate of the purpose behind private equity , a common misconception to treat private equity separately from foreign direct investment . The difference is blurred on account of private equity not entering the country through the stock market .
A new incarnation of SDS was founded in 2006 .
The newest official software packages are published in the - snapshot tree .
Eos ( Greek , or '' dawn '' ) is , in Greek mythology , the Titan goddessLycophron calls her by an archaic name , Tito ( '' the Titaness '' ) Kerenyi , noting this observes that Tito shares a linguistic origin with Eos ' lover Tithonus , that belonged to an older , pre-Greek language ( Kerenyi 1951:199 note 637 ) .
Neighboring municipalities include Brasschaat to the north , Brecht to the north east , Schilde to the east , and Wijnegem to the south .
Santa Catarina has one of the highest standards of living in Brazil , and is a major industrial and agricultural center .
April 9 & ndash ; At the mouth of the Mississippi River , near modern Venice , Louisiana , Robert de La Salle buries an engraved plate and a cross , claiming the territory as La Louisiane for France .
Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Jesus testifies in the affirmative , '' You have said it , and in time you will see the Son of Man seated at the right hand of the Almighty , coming on the clouds of Heaven . ''
He won an Oscar for Best Actor as country western singer Mac Sledge in Tender Mercies ( 1983 ) .
Olga 's murder following the Russian Revolution of 1917 resulted in her canonization as a passion bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church .
Department of Geology The director of the geology department is Dr. Abdul Salam Khan Barech .
Soon after , the duo released their debut album Day by Day on December 9 , 1999 , and made their first official television appearance two days later .
The team came to an end when Kendrick was drafted back to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2008 WWE Supplemental Draft .
'' Friend Like That '' Acoustic -- 2:49
The rules for addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division of complex numbers were developed by the Italian mathematician Rafael Bombelli .
Aquaman 's most widely recognized power is the telepathic ability to communicate with marine life , which he can summon from great distances . Although this power is most often and most easily used on marine life , Aquaman has at times demonstrated the ability to affect any being that lives upon the sea ( e.g. , sea eagles ) , or even any being evolved from marine life ( e.g. , humans ) .
This program earned the bank the 2004 Petersburg Prize worth of EUR 100,000 \/O/ - , for its contribution of Technology to Development .
At first , viewers did not respond to the new half-hour serial , but ratings picked up in its second year , eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen Ratings by the fall of 1958 .
Emerson is a city in Mills County , Iowa , United States .
Oculus dexter , a Latin term meaning '' right eye '' ( oculus sinister means the left eye ) .
Many hyperthermophiles are also able to withstand other environmental extremes such as high acidity or radiation levels .
Sir Robert Bond , the Prime Minister from 1900 to 1909 , played a role in the expansion and planning of the Town and developed an elaborate country home , the '' Grange '' , there .
Derendingen can mean :
The Cambridge Science Park , founded by Trinity College , Cambridge in 1970 , is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom .
Osbourne is the wife and manager of ex-Black Sabbath vocalist Ozzy Osbourne , and together they have three children , Aimee , Kelly , and Jack Osbourne .
Today , dysaethesia aethiopica is considered an example of pseudoscience , and part of the edifice of scientific racism .
Of all Italy 's ships at the time , Andrea Doria was the largest , fastest and supposedly safest .
Middle Amherst Cove , Newfoundland and Labrador
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy ( Bengali : , Urdu : ; September 8 , 1892 - December 5 , 1963 ) was a politician from Bengal in undivided India , and later in East Bengal , who served as the fifth Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1956 until 1957 .
Since its inception , the band 's line-up has included Eddie Vedder ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Jeff Ament ( bass guitar ) , Stone Gossard ( rhythm guitar ) , and Mike McCready ( lead guitar ) .
The manga was translated into English in North America by VIZ Media , but publication stopped in 2001 at Volume 7 .
It is not known whether the railways enhanced the existing dam or built a new facility .
A blood type ( also called a blood group ) is a classification of blood based on the presence or absence of inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells ( RBCs ) .
Metis ' density implies that that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 -- 15 % , and Adrastea may be similar .
A list of large area maps that do not use equirectangular projection can be found here .
The Gold Coast Arts Centre is a set of facilities that sits on the banks of the Nerang River in the Gold Coast in Queensland , Australia .
As their common name suggests , they are often seen hovering or nectaring at flowers ; the adults of many species feed mainly on nectar and pollen , while the larvae ( maggots ) eat a wide range of foods .
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
December 29 , 1877 ) was the daughter-in-law of the 8th United States President Martin Van Buren .
The onefold cursor version operates more like the standard slide rule through the appropriate alignment of the scales .
César Franck ( December 10 , 1822 -- November 8 , 1890 ) , a Belgian composer , organist and music teacher who lived in France , was one of the great figures in Romantic music in the second half of the 19th century .
Volta also studied what we now call electrical capacitance , developing separate means to study both electrical potential ( V ) and charge ( Q ) , and discovering that for a given object they are proportional .
Montana ( ) is a state in the Western United States .
The Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
Libra , also known as '' The Scales '' or '' Balance '' , is the only symbol of the zodiac that is represented by an inanimate object , rather than an animal or human .
This new Kalevala contains fifty poems , and is the standard text of The Kalevala read and translated to this day .
Cascada is a German Eurodance act most famous for their hit singles '' Everytime We Touch '' , '' What Hurts the Most '' , and '' Evacuate the Dancefloor '' .
