The pronunciation in Japanese is usually '' shamisen '' ( in western Japan , and often in Edo-period sources '' samisen '' ) but sometimes '' jamisen '' when used as a suffix ( e.g. , Tsugaru-jamisen ) .
In line with the event 's location and tagline , WrestleMania 21 was promoted on television with a series of parody movie trailers with WWE talent playing the starring roles from famous modern movies .
Climate commitment describes the fact that climate reacts with a delay to influencing factors ( '' climate forcings '' ) such as the presence of greenhouse gases .
He joined West Ham United in July 2006 , having made a total of 31 league and cup appearances for Chelsea , scoring eight goals .
Interpretations For instance , consider a room in which the temperature is given by a scalar field , so at each point the temperature is ( we will assume that the temperature does not change in time ) .
Her younger sister , Chika Suguri , is also a figure skater .
Cricketer Stan McCabe , cyclist Reggie McNamara and tennis player Jan Lehane were born in Grenfell .
In the Roman Catholic Church , the Anglican Communion , and the Lutheran Church he is a saint and pre-eminent Doctor of the Church , and the patron of the Augustinian religious order ; his memorial is celebrated 28 August .
Aarre Merikanto ( 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 ) was a Finnish composer .
The thread switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to switch the CPU to another thread .
Minneapolis-Saint Paul is the most populous urban area in the state of Minnesota , United States , and is composed of 186 cities and townships .
was an early practitioner and exponent of the elaborate style of cooking known as haute cuisine , the '' high art '' of French cooking : a grandiose style of cookery favored by both international royalty and by the newly rich of Paris .
Frith had previously worked for a number of other radio stations including American Forces Radio and Television Service ( AFRTS ) ( in Keflavik , Iceland ; Anchorage , Alaska ; and Nea Makri , Greece ) , KFQD ( in Anchorage ) , and WBCK ( in Battle Creek , Michigan ) .
This small eye was surrounded by a ring of deep convection , with cloud-top temperatures of about .
Stockport County A.F.C. ( ) is an English football club based in Stockport , Greater Manchester , England .
Burton Stephen '' Burt '' Lancaster ( November 2 , 1913 - October 20 , 1994 ) was an American film actor noted for his athletic physique and distinctive smile ( which he called '' The Grin '' ) .
Teruo Iwamoto ( born 2 May 1972 in Yokohama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Demonstrating a talent with the instrument , she performed at her local church , but her concert debut , a classical recital , was given when she was twelve .
Les Monceaux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Romagne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Life & Times of Michael K is a 1983 novel by South African-born author J. M. Coetzee , winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature for the year 2003 .
It is used as an abortifacient in the first two months of pregnancy , and in smaller doses as an emergency contraceptive .
The album was not as successful as her debut , partly due to the album 's less '' poppy '' sound , as well as underpromotion from her label DreamWorks Records .
It is situated north of the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden .
In 1905 , while performing in Victorien Sardou 's La Tosca in Rio de Janeiro , Bernhardt injured her right knee when jumping off the parapet in the final scene .
Worldwide , violence is used as a tool of manipulation and also is an area of concern for law and culture which take attempts to suppress and stop it .
In 1980 , he transmuted several thousand atoms of bismuth into gold at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory .
ISBN 0-521-47466-3 .
There were three new sections introduced , first was a sponsored partwork the initial one to be a cookery book ; then a colour comic supplement ( an innovation in the British Sunday newspaper market ) ; and lastly , a magazine - You magazine .
It was filmed during 2001 and aired from October 11 , 2001 - January 10 , 2002 on CBS .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , and raised in Southern California , where his early influences were working at Disneyland and Knott 's Berry Farm and working magic and comedy acts at these and other smaller venues in the area .
The town is about north of Lewisporte and Gander .
The Turkic languages may be divided into six branches ( Johanson 1998 ) : Lars Johanson , The History of Turkic .
In 1948 , the Soviets tried to force the issue and expel the western allies from Berlin by imposing a land blockade on the western sectors .
Meowth , known as in original Japanese language versions , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
B-17s were used in early battles of the Pacific with little success , notably the Battle of Coral Sea and Battle of Midway .
The ISA is roughly the same as the programming model of a processor as seen by an assembly language programmer or compiler writer . The ISA includes the execution model , processor registers , address and data formats among other things .
The larger town is equipped with a high school and middle school , while the surrounding towns have elementary schools as well , but no secondary schools .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
La Cambe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was discovered by Pascu , Seidelmann , Baum and Currie in 1980 from ground-based observations , and was provisionally designated .
See also Religion in Vanuatu .
The music , sometimes called el bambuco , is thought to be of African origin , but took a cultural foothold in the Andean region of Colombia and Venezuela and has spread in popularity throughout Latin America .
The station is shared between East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Keisei Electric Railway .
References External links Studylight version of The Wycliffe Bible ( 1395 ) Searchable by phrase or chapter/verse reference .
birth_place = Villeneuve-Loubet , France
Until recently , Nepal has been the world 's largest producer of large cardamom .
In 1954 , Dulles was named Man of the Year in Time Magazine .
Rey Mysterio went on to feud with John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield ( JBL ) over the World Heavyweight Championship .
Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood had its golden days in 1960s when some of the prominent film studios were located in Karachi , making films for the viewership of a large and growing middle class as well working-class population .
These ideas were expanded by Daly ( 1940 ) Daly , R. 1940 Strength and structure of the Earth .
Gifhorn ( ) is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The president is forced to sell the Dolphin , and it is replaced by an unnamed ship ( called the '' Hocotate Ship '' in Super Smash Bros. .
This wave information travels across the air-filled middle ear cavity via a series of delicate bones : the malleus ( hammer ) , incus ( anvil ) and stapes ( stirrup ) .
Gerald Mervin Vanenburg ( born 5 March 1964 in Utrecht ) is a former Dutch footballer .
So someone can take public domain software and create a derivative work from it , and license it with a very proprietary license , which has many rules on what you are not allowed to do with it .
Their equivalent in other nations is the county or arrondissement .
The reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile remain uncertain .
He studied conducting with his father Nikolai Anosov at the Moscow Conservatory and piano with Lev Oborin .
Achiet-le-Petit is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In the UK , it was the first of four Osbourne albums to attain Silver certification ( 60,000 units sold ) by the British Phonographic Industry , achieving this in August 1981 .
Some plants make use of abiotic vectors -- namely wind ( anemophily ) or , much less commonly , water ( hydrophily ) .
In Turkey , the team 's other test driver Sakon Yamamoto completed the first practice session , setting the slowest time of the session .
'' Some critics have called Master of Puppets the best metal album ever recorded '' , Huey noted .
Typical plot lines involve Hercules and Iolaus saving rustic villagers from monsters , evil warlords or the often selfish whims of the gods .
Along with the university administration , the Museum of Earth Sciences and four of the main faculties - Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics , the Faculty of Geology , the Faculty of Geography , and the Faculty of Fine and Performing Arts - now reside in the Main building .
These are traditionally the first towns in both New Hampshire and the U.S. to vote in presidential primaries and elections .
Between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the University of St. Andrew 's Natural History Department .
With a population of approximately 91,000 , it is the third-largest city in the country .
Charles Monroe Tesreau was an American Major League Baseball player .
In line with its status as a major port and the country 's largest metropolis , it accounts for a lion 's share of Pakistan 's revenue .
Honfleur is a commune in the Norman département of Calvados in France , located on the southern bank of the estuary of the Seine , across from le Havre and very close to the exit of the Pont de Normandie .
For a detailed discussion of the differences , see '' Biblical canon '' .
It elects one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election .
Crab spiders do not build webs to trap prey , but are hunters and ambushers .
Anna Kavan was born in France to British parents .
Uses UHF and VHF are the most commonly used frequency bands for transmission of television signals .
She also started appearing in Comcast 's XFinity ads that are prevalent in both the Internet and television in the United States , mainly with two different laptops and two different colored Persian cats .
Born in Ghent , New York , Van Ness was the son of Judge Peter Van Ness ( 1734-1804 ) .
Bertrand-Jean Redon , better known as Odilon Redon ( April 20 , 1840July 6 , 1916 ) was a French Symbolist painter , printmaker , draughtsman and pastellist .
Although Viscaceae and Eremolepidaceae were placed in a broadly-defined Santalaceae by Angiosperm Phylogeny Group II , DNA data indicates that they evolved independently .
The natural minor scale is the sixth mode ( or Aeolian mode ) of the major scale .
Leeds ( ) is a city and metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire , England .
Alittihad ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Bab Ben Geshier - Tripoli , Libya .
An autotroph can produce its own energy through photosynthesis through the inputs of light , carbon dioxide and H2O .
The universe appears to have no net electric charge , and therefore gravity appears to be the dominant interaction on cosmological length scales .
This use of '' project '' changed in the 1950s with the introduction of several techniques for project management .
MeshName = Liver
A sugar cookie is a cookie made from sugar , flour , butter , eggs , vanilla , and either baking powder or baking soda .
Salvia pratensis ( Meadow Clary or Meadow Sage ) is a herbaceous perennial in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , western Asia and northern Africa .
An Invitation to Contemporary Japanese 1st edition McGraw-Hill 1993 , page 29 '' The Japanese Writing System (/O2/O) Katakana '' ( called gairaigo ) .
G is the shear modulus or more commonly the modulus of rigidity and is usually given in gigapascals ( GPa ) , lbf/in2 ( psi ) , or lbf/ft2 .
The Crown-of-Thorns is endemic to tropical coral reefs in the Red Sea , the Indian Ocean , and the Pacific Ocean .
In 1854 he ggot his degree in mathematics from Cambrighe .
It is a computer program designed for document-oriented applications .
Richard '' Ricky '' Sbragia ( born 26 May 1956 ) is a Scottish former footballer and manager .
Sum 41 is a Canadian rock band from Ajax , Ontario , active since 1996 .
Duchamp continued to play in the French Championships and also in the Olympiads from 1928 - 1933 , favoring hypermodern openings such as the Nimzo-Indian .
RC2 is vulnerable to a related-key attack using 234 chosen plaintexts ( Kelsey et al . , 1997 ) .
Happy Science is a new religious and spiritual movement founded in Japan in October 1986 by Ryuho Okawa .
Before the 18th century , San Juan Creek and its tributary , Trabuco Creek , had indigenous names , but these are thus far unknown .
Chapter VI allows for new states to be made , or allowed to join the Commonwealth .
Many attempts were made to broker a two-state solution , which would entail the creation of an independent Palestinian state alongside an independent Jewish state ( until 1948 ) or next to the State of Israel ( after Israel 's establishment in 1948 ) .
On January 1 , 2006 Silly had a total population of 7,995 .
On their way to Mordor , Frodo and Sam capture Gollum , who has been following them from Moria , and force him to guide them to Mordor .
St. Margaret 's Chapel
Ryuji Kawai ( , born July 14 , 1978 in Saitama , Japan ) is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Consadole Sapporo .
The scaphoid contributes to the stability of the midcarpus as it articulates distally with the trapezium and the trapezoid .
Kei Omoto ( born July 21 , 1984 in Chiba ) is a Japanese football player .
Adams was appointed to the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work .
Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , with a population of 14,726 inhabitants ( 2007 - IBGE ) .
The original name of the city of San José de Ocoa was El Maniel .
The cause for this evolution is seen in the climate change .
Orphaned Land combines folk metal with progressive and doom\/death metal while Ensiferum mix folk music on top of a power and death metal hybrid . A few groups are also known to incorporate the styles of other music genres outside of heavy metal .
John Gager 's book entitled Curse Tablets and Binding Spells from the Ancient World , explains that scholars from Antiquity , like Christian philosopher Clement of Alexandria ( ca .
Division One of the Welsh Football League is at Level 2 of the Welsh football league system , immediately below the national Welsh Premier League .
Network computing refers to computers working together over a network as opposed to stand alone computers like laptops and home computers .
In 1961 , President John F. Kennedy announced a goal of landing a man on the moon by the end of the decade .
Incheon has established itself as the true hub of Northeast Asia with the world renowned Incheon International Airport and Incheon Port .
At the policy level , common goals of agriculture include : Conservation Economic stability Environmental impact Food quality : Ensuring that the food supply is of a consistent and known quality .
Primary ( or elementary ) education consists of the first 5 -- 7 years of formal , structured education .
There is a general standardization of the various styles of calligraphy in the East Asian tradition .
His term as president ended on June 10 , 1967 .
In 1964 the Admiralty was subsumed into the Ministry of Defense along with the War Office and the Air Ministry .
It received generally positive reviews and opened at number two , taking in $ 10.1 million its first weekend , spending two weeks in the top ten , and totaling a domestic box office gross of $ 25.5 million and a foreign box office gross of $ 13.3 million .
Some Linux-based Live CD systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc .
However , riboflavin deficiency is always accompanied by deficiency of other vitamins .
Zeta Banovina , a province of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941
The Berber languages are a group of very closely related languages and dialects spoken in Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia , Libya , Egyptian area of Siwa , as well as by large Berber communities in parts of Niger and Mali .
A tropical wave organized into a tropical depression north-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios , Nicaragua , on September 28 .
The name he used to board the plane was Dan Cooper , but through a later press miscommunication , he became known as '' D. B. Cooper '' .
The main island is made up of many small towns , which together form one metropolitan area with a population of 368,250 ( majority of the population of the island ) according to Eurostat .
He was born in Kaysersberg in the province of Alsace-Lorraine , in the German Empire .
The Secretary of the Treasury of the United States is the head of the United States Department of the Treasury , which is concerned with financial and monetary matters , and , until 2003 , also with some issues of national security and defense .
If you are affected by collateral damage from a long term range block , consider creating an account either from another computer or via an email request .
The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs who are amongst the most persistent enemies of the Doctor in the British science fiction television series , Doctor Who .
In addition , she instituted a series of performances by artists at the White House in varied American traditions , from opera to bluegrass ; among the guests were The Carpenters in 1972 .
Ishman Bracey ( January 9 , 1901 -- February 12 , 1970 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi , considered one of the most important early delta blues performers .
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sessa is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Vasily Grigorevich Zaytsev ( , ; March 23 , 1915 - December 15 , 1991 ) was a Soviet sniper during World War II , notable particularly for his activities between November 10 and December 17 , 1942 during the Battle of Stalingrad .
For new proposals , see .
Etymology The word volcano is thought to derive from Vulcano , a volcanic island in the Aeolian Islands of Italy whose name in turn originates from Vulcan , the name of a god of fire in Roman mythology .
Chinnamalai , his two brothers and Karuppan were brought to the tree on the day of the hanging .
However , Tipu died at the Sriranga Patnam front again due to treachery and betrayal as it is so common among the Shia Muslim world .
Weimar ( ) is a city in Germany famous for its cultural heritage .
In the case of the north Indian ocean , the formation of this type of vortex leads to the onset of monsoon rains during the wet season .
Gary Winston Lineker ( pronounced lin-uh-kuh : ) , OBE ( born 30 November 1960 ) is a former English footballer , who played as a striker .
Carl Friedrich Christian Mohs ( 29 January 1773 - 29 September 1839 ) was a German geologist\/mineralogist .
Best eye response ( E ) There are 4 grades starting with the most severe : No eye opening Eye opening in response to pain .
Each nth letter is compared with the nth letter of other words in the list , starting at the first letter of each word and advancing to the second , third , fourth , and so on , until the order is established .
John Brumby was born in Melbourne . He was educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and then later , Melbourne Grammar School .
It is named after Clarence S. Campbell , who served as President of the NHL from to .
Beernem is a rural municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders , located southeast of Bruges .
Abbotsford is a Canadian city located in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , adjacent to Metro Vancouver .
Cossesseville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sendets is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is the chief city of the Canton of Calvi , which contains Calvi and one other commune , Lumio .
He was a member of the Academy of Esperanto and an honorary member of the World Esperanto Association , writing several books ( essays and novels ) in that language .
The Endeavour River ( Guugu Yimithirr : Wabalumbaal ) on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland , Australia , was named in 1770 by Lt. James Cook , R.N. , after he was forced to beach his ship , HM Bark Endeavour , for repairs in the river mouth , after damaging it on a reef .
Tallest specimens Eucalyptus regnans is the tallest of all flowering plants , and possibly the tallest of all plants , although no living specimens can make that claim .
However , human knowledge and understanding of the natural environment is never complete , and therefore the boundaries of natural capital expand or contract as knowledge is gained or lost .
At this early stage it was frequently used as the lowest of the voices ( including the bass ) , but in 17th century Italy the term was all-encompassing and used to describe the average male choral voice .
Airways : The state has four major airports and 23 airstrips .
Amphitrite was discovered by Albert Marth on March 1 , 1854 , at the private South Villa Observatory in Regent 's Park , London .
H. D. Holland and K. K. Turekian ) , Elsevier-Pergamon , Oxford Most crustal rocks formed before 2.5 billion years ago are located in cratons .
In July 2005 , during the 2005 Tour , Vinokourov 's contract was running out and speculation was abundant if he was to stay with T-Mobile .
Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The external design of the car was a product of Herd 's use of Mallite sheeting ( a wood-aluminium laminate composite ) for the principal structural monocoque sections , a technique he pioneered on the first McLaren single-seat cars , including the McLaren M2B of 1966 .
In that period many of the capital 's residents crossed the border to drink at one of Queanbeyan 's hotels .
Thallium ( I ) chloride is the chemical compound with the formula TlCl .
The viola d'amore was normally tuned specifically for the piece it was to play - cf . scordatura .
The reason for this is that Vulgar Latin showed only a rudimentary tendency toward the formation of articles , while they are absent in Polish and most other Slavic languages .
The Oderbruch was partially drained and populated in the 18th century .
French Parliament passed a bill granting COM status to both the French part of Saint Martin and neighbouring Saint Barthélemy .
This is what makes bluffing possible .
Accomplishments Its most high profile work was backing legal test cases in the European Court of Human Rights .
The population of the main urban area is 220,418 .
Standardization of its products ISO 23392 See also Black pea Split pea Yellow pea Black-eyed pea Sweet pea Bean Notes References Bianchini , F. & Corbetta , F. , 1976 , The Complete Book of Fruits and Vegetables .
He had his first lead role in Encino Man ( 1992 ) .
Berwickshire was formerly one of the ancient counties of Scotland , but was abolished in 1975 during local government reorganisation .
The strong law implies the weak law .
Year 1682 ( MDCLXXXII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The original 777-200 model first entered service in 1995 , followed by the extended-range 777-200ER in 1997 ; the stretched 777-300 , which is 33.3 f longer , began service in 1998 .
The markgraves of Brandenburg are granted Polish approval to inherit the Duchy of Prussia , creating the state of Brandenburg-Prussia .
Joseph-Armand Bombardier ( April 16 , 1907 -- February 18 , 1964 ) was a Canadian inventor and businessman , and was the founder of Bombardier .
Many species have developed special Faroese sub-species : Common Eider , European Starling , Winter Wren , Common Guillemot , and Black Guillemot .
The Montreal Convention , signed in 1999 , replaced the Warsaw Convention system .
Wavrans-sur-l'Aa is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The co-directors for the film were Ted Berman , Richard Rich , and Art Stevens .
Notation is read from left to right , which makes setting music for right-to-left scripts difficult .
In someone 's family , if his or her grandparents are the first generation , then the parents , aunts , and uncles are another , and that person , with his or her brothers , sisters , and cousins , are a third .
Hispanic chain In Texas , the vara chain of 20 varas ( 16.9 m ) was used in surveying Spanish land grants .
She quit the sport amidst controversy in 1988 while at the height of her ability , due to a dispute over her conduct in a match at the World Open Nine-ball Championship of that year .
The cemetery is located at 2755 West 111th St.
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
Scottie Maurice Pippen ( born September 25 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
His greatest works are I Capuleti ed i Montecchi ( 1830 ) , La sonnambula ( 1831 ) , Norma ( 1831 ) , Beatrice di Tenda ( 1833 ) , and I puritani ( 1835 ) .
The service was about 30 minutes delayed and traveling between Wuppertal-Beyenburg and Dahlerau .
The character is also often seen making use of bombs , as in Wario Land and Wario Blast .
Carver was educated at local schools in Yakima , Washington .
Following the November 11 , 2007 show in Newcastle , Frank Iero had left the tour to return home after learning about a family member 's illness .
When traveling by foot , the player character can walk , run , and perform several attacks : a normal kick , a jumping kick , and a smashing move .
Bryggen has since 1979 been on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
A Chief Minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national ( e.g. constituent federal ) state , provinces of Pakistan , notably a state ( and sometimes a union territory ) of India , a territory of Australia or a British overseas territory that has attained self-government .
Bismuth ( ) is a chemical element that has the symbol Bi and atomic number 83 .
It is marketed today as a toy for children , but was originally created by accident during research into potential rubber substitutes for use by the United States in World War II .
By the 13th century , they governed most of present-day Karnataka , minor parts of Tamil Nadu and parts of western Andhra Pradesh in Deccan India .
In The Travels of Marco Polo , where Polo records his journey along the Silk Road , Samarkand is described as a '' a very large and splendid city ... '' Here also is related the story of a Christian church in Samarkand , which miraculously remained standing after a portion of its central supporting column was removed .
Her white , hand-beaded , one shoulder Galanos 1981 inaugural gown was estimated to cost $ 10,000 while the overall price of her inaugural wardrobe was said to cost $ 25,000 .
The Cape May Bird Observatory was founded in 1975 in Cape May , New Jersey , United States .
Playing their home games at Madison Square Garden , the Rangers are one of the oldest teams in the NHL , having joined in 1926 as an expansion franchise , and are part of the group of teams referred to as the Original Six .
Callisto has about 99 % the diameter of the planet Mercury but only about a third of its mass/O. .
The engine features HDR rendering , parallax and normal mapping , soft shadows , motion blur , widescreen support , weather effects and day\/night cycles .
Moundou is the second largest city in Chad , and is the capital of the region of Logone Occidental .
What is an LD50 and LC50 It is being phased out in some jurisdictions in favor of tests such as the Fixed Dose Procedure , LD50 test ban welcomed however the concept , and calculation of the median lethal dose for comparison purposes , is still widely used .
Rotary dial , a device for the input of numbers in telephones and similar devices
He resides in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania USA , where he also maintains a post office box , the international headquarters of the KLI .
By the 12th and 13th centuries , Gregorian chant had supplanted or marginalized all the other Western plainchant traditions .
Judas Iscariot , ( , Yehuda , ) was , according to the New Testament , one of the twelve original apostles of Jesus , and is best known for betraying Jesus into the hands of the chief priests/O. , , , , , , ,
A total of 30 human blood group systems are now recognized by the International Society of Blood Transfusion ( ISBT ) .
Ahtisaari was a UN Special Envoy at the Kosovo status process negotiations , aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in Kosovo , which declared its independence from Serbia in 2008 .
The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland deals with any complaints regarding the PSNI and investigates any allegations of misconduct by police officers .
The typical episode loosely follows the President and his staff through their day , generally following several plots connected by some idea or theme .
The return of Saturday Night 's Main Event to NBC also led to more interaction between the brands .
In 1963 , after approval by referendum of the voters of the City of Virginia Beach and Princess Anne County , and with the approval of the Virginia General Assembly , the two political subdivisions were consolidated as a new , much larger independent city , retaining the better-known name of the Virginia Beach resort .
It is situated in the western central part of Bhutan and the name of the surrounding valley is dzongkhag , the Thimphu District .
After serving in several party offices , he was appointed Minister of the Interior by Chancellor Willy Brandt , whose Social Democratic Party was in coalition with the FDP , in 1969 ; in 1974 , he became foreign minister and Vice Chancellor .
Serena , also played by Elizabeth Montgomery , is credited as '' Pandora Spocks '' from 1969 to 1972 .
Lady Delacour : A fashionable bel esprit ( woman of wit ) , who Belinda at first considers '' the most agreeable -- no , that is too feeble an expression -- the most fascinating person she had ever beheld . ''
Year 25 ( XXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Holderbank is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Bilateria ( ) are all animals having a bilateral symmetry , i.e. they have a front and a back end , as well as an upside and downside .
Rotor ( software project ) , the former code name for Microsoft 's shared source implementation of its Common Language Infrastructure
Dar es Salaam is actually an administrative province within Tanzania , and consists of three local government areas or administrative districts : Kinondoni to the north , Ilala in the center of the region , and Temeke to the south .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the '' Giant of Provence '' , or '' The Bald Mountain '' .
The parentheses are now often dropped , as in 90377 Sedna , according to the preference of the astronomer or journal .
Her work on controlling elements and gene regulation was conceptually difficult and was not immediately understood or accepted by her contemporaries ; she described the reception of her research as '' puzzlement , even hostility '' .
The western section linking Geelong and Melbourne is an important commuter and freight route between the two cities ; the eastern section links Melbourne with the Latrobe Valley .
Saint-Andr é - Goule-d ` Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Development ( differential geometry ) , the process of rolling one surface over another
However , many patients suffer for years before seeking help .
Francisco James '' Frankie '' Muniz IV ( born December 5 , 1985 ) is an American actor , musician , writer , producer , and racecar driver .
The club was originally formed in 1909 as Levante FC , taking their name from the beach '' Levante '' in La Malvarrosa .
However , mania is most often associated with bipolar disorder , where episodes of mania may alternate with episodes of major depression .
The Active Worlds client runs on Windows .
Sunflowers can be used to extract toxic ingredients from soil , such as lead , arsenic and uranium .
Initially these techniques could only be implemented on expensive mainframes or supercomputers due to the amount of circuitry needed for these techniques .
The Malvern Hills , which run from the south of the county into Herefordshire , are made up mainly of volcanic igneous rock and metamorphic rock , some of which date from before 1200 million years ago .
When incorporated as part of the Union Flag during the 17th century , the dark blue applied to Union Flags destined for maritime use was possibly selected on the basis of the durability of darker dyes , with this dark blue shade eventually becoming standard on Union Flags both at sea and on land .
Seven men lost their lives in the wreckage of several Cuban schooners at Punta Gorda .
Under the constitution of 1868 , executive power is exercised by the Grand Duke and the cabinet , which consists of several other ministers .
Film Arnold also wrote many film scores , winning an Academy Award for The Bridge on the River Kwai ( 1957 ) , and also providing music for The Belles of St Trinian 's ( 1954 ) , The Inn of the Sixth Happiness ( 1958 ) and Whistle Down the Wind ( 1961 ) .
The city is located from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river ( where it meets the Inhul River ) . .
CA10186 ) is a concrete gravity arch dam across the Sacramento River in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest of Shasta County , California .
Note : Some of the tengwar used in this article may not display properly unless tengwar fonts are installed .
Uncle Tom at Home , & c , Phila/LOCATION. , 1853 .
A sampler is an electronic musical instrument similar in some respects to a synthesizer but , instead of generating sounds , it uses recordings ( or '' samples '' ) of sounds that are loaded or recorded into it by the user and then played back by means of a keyboard , sequencer or other triggering device to perform or compose music .
It is located in the southeastern part of the province , bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province ( the Murree Hills area ) .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
The Road is a one way street which starts at the junction of Cross Street , Central Boulevard and Raffles Quay and ends at Keppel Road .
In 1935 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 5th WWCh in Warsaw ( +9 -- 0 = 0 ) .
Marc Overmars ( born 29 March 1973 in Emst , Gelderland ) is a retired Dutch football player .
It is located east of Crater Creek at outlet of Melita Lake , southeast of Gitlakdamix and north of Terrace , British Columbia , Canada .
Overview Blackburn Rovers won the First Division title for the first time .
Three main varieties of Australian English are spoken according to linguists : Broad , General and Cultivated .
In the first year of its foundation , Anton LaVey and the Church of Satan publicly performed a Satanic marriage of Judith Case and journalist John Raymond .
All teachers in Germany are now trained in that method during their pedagogic studies .
Jeu de paume was originally a French precursor of tennis played without racquets .
Ross Brann , a professor of Judeo-Islamic studies at Cornell University in Ithaca , stated that Wikipedia lacks a process of scholarly review , saying , '' They could make up your life if they wanted to . ''
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core , and thus a varying magnetic field through the secondary winding .
The origin of the term atlas is a common source of misconception , perhaps because two different mythical figures named ` Atlas ' are associated with map making .
The present castle was erected in 1613 .
Unlike routing , bridging makes no assumptions about where in a network a particular address is located .
Fewer in numbers , the Red Kangaroo occupies the arid and semi-arid centre of the continent .
Bo Diddley ( December 30 , 1928 -- June 2 , 2008 ) was the stage name for Ellas Otha Bates , an American rock and roll vocalist , guitarist , songwriter , and inventor .
'' Benward & Saker (/O2003/O) .
Neam ( ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in the historic region of Moldavia , with the county seat at Piatra Neam .
Since nuclear energy and nuclear weapons technologies are closely related , military aspirations can act as a factor in energy policy decisions .
Basingstoke is a town in north east Hampshire , in south central England .
Mont Ventoux ( in classical norm or in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
Other versions have additional letters -- such as k , w , and z -- that were uncommon or missing in the Latin language , and nonsense words such as Z. zril , takimata , and gubergren added to the original passage to achieve a distribution of letters that more closely approximates English .
Monica Yunus , his elder daughter , is a Bangladeshi-Russian American operatic soprano , working in New York City .
Eager to get to church , she ran out of her house still holding the frying pan complete with pancake , and still wearing her apron and headscarf .
The two performed at clubs in Nashville , Tennessee .
In an interview with ABC7 reporter Alan Wang , Ayers stated that '' Now that 's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people , killing people , planning to kill people .
Michael Diamond , better known as Mike D ( born November 20 , 1965 ) , is a founding member of New York hip hop group the Beastie Boys .
Courset is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment , satisfaction , pleasure , or joy .
Launching the new radio program on January 2 , 1944 , still called '' Songs in the Night , '' Graham recruited the baritone George Beverly Shea as his director of radio ministry .
The Iceland national football team is the national football team of Iceland and is controlled by the Football Association of Iceland .
Endemic to Papua New Guinea , the Curl-crested Manucode is distributed to the Trobriand Islands and islands of the D'Entrecasteaux Archipelago .
The Big Mac Index is published by The Economist as an informal way of measuring the purchasing power parity ( PPP ) between two currencies and provides a test of the extent to which market exchange rates result in goods costing the same in different countries .
Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes , first Chief Justice of N.S.W.
The Lord Howe Island stick insect , Dryococelus australis , is a species of stick insect which lives on the Lord Howe Island Group . It was thought to be extinct by 1930 , only to be rediscovered in 2001 ( this phenomenon is known as the Lazarus effect ) .
They may also customize their Wikimedia interface and its options as they wish , via Special : Preferences or by adding personal CSS or JavaScript rules to their vector .
It was believed that the city of Kazan is named after this object because of its geographical similarity with a '' qazan '' - pan ; namely the city is situated in a U-shaped lowland .
Giancarlo de Sisti ( born 13 March 1943 in Rome ) is a former Italian footballer and football manager .
He then returned to the United Kingdom and moved to the Orkney Islands , initially to Hoy in 1971 , and later to Sanday , where he lives with his partner Colin Parkinson .
The stadium plays host to the home matches of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell .
Lost Boys (/O1992/O) is the first horror novel and short story by author Orson Scott Card .
The track 's being in a natural valley means that about 80 percent of the racetrack is visible from any point .
In fluid dynamics , gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two media ( e.g. the atmosphere and the ocean ) which has the restoring force of gravity or buoyancy .
While Alexandr Dolgopolov upset Tsonga coming back two sets to one down to win .
Those that are blocked ( again , primarily schools ) , are commonly blocked repeatedly and for long periods ( up to a year at a time ) for blatant vandalism .
The Thirteen Colonies were part of what became known as British America , a name that was used by Great Britain until the Treaty of Paris recognized the independence of the original thirteen United States of America in 1783 .
On 35 mm film ( for example ) , the lens is typically optimized to focus sharply on a small area approaching the size of the film frame .
The Borrowdale was a First Fleet storeship of 272 tons , built in Sunderland in 1785 .
Rolls-Royce Eagle (/O1944/O) , an H-24 aircraft engine of the late 1940s
'' Tearin ' Us Apart '' - 2:36
The Canucks missed the playoffs the two seasons thereafter .
The Antonine Wall is a stone and turf fortification built by the Romans across what is now the Central Belt of Scotland , between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde .
The Pope governs the Catholic Church through the Roman Curia .
Characters and behaviors in the movie are based on Fey 's high school life at Upper Darby High School and on the non-fiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by Rosalind Wiseman .
Speaking about Windows 7 on October 16 , 2008 , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer confirmed compatibility between Vista and Windows 7 , indicating that Windows 7 would be a refined version of Windows Vista .
Donington was given an extended two week deadline to prove it had the funds to host the 2010 British Grand Prix , however , on 22 October 2009 , fundraising attempts fell through . Ecclestone later confirmed that Donington would not be hosting the British Grand Prix .
The city of Phoenix is served by a city council consisting of a mayor and eight city council members .
'' Goodbye '' ( Stanley ) -- 4:09
Vulcan 's oldest shrine in Rome , called the Vulcanal , was situated at the foot of the Capitoline in the Forum Romanum , and was reputed to date to the archaic period of the kings of Rome , and to have been established on the site by Titus Tatius , the Sabine co-king , with a traditional date in the 8th century BC .
Hauser is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
They all obtained independence in that same year .
By then quite famous , Toft was brought to London and studied at length , where under intense scrutiny and producing no more rabbits she confessed to the hoax , and was subsequently imprisoned as a fraud .
See also areas of other orders of magnitude .
Fuchsia ( ) is a genus of flowering plants , mostly shrubs , and can grow long shoots , which were identified by Charles Plumier in the late 17th century , and named by Plumier in 1703 after the German botanist Leonhart Fuchs ( 1501 -- 1566 ) .
A yard ( abbreviation : yd ) is a unit of length in several different systems , including English units , Imperial units , and United States customary units .
Magic Lantern is deployed as an e-mail attachment .
Probability theory is the branch of mathematics concerned with analysis of random phenomena .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Tar was used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .
Was the use of violence to oppose the violence of slavery and the breaking of proslavery laws morally defensible ?
Microsoft -- the newest major player in the market , releasing the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles .
A boat drawn by a swan appears on the river and in it stands a knight in shining armor .
( English translation of the book with the same title published in Greek ) .
Bussiares is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This unit produced three to four films per year until 1936 , migrating to Hungary and then Austria in the face of Hitler 's increasing domination of central Europe .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
In the name , as in that of quicksilver ( mercury ) , '' quick '' does not mean '' fast , '' but '' living '' ( cf.
Caliban are a five-piece metalcore band from GermanyEncyclopaedia Metallum - Caliban .
Sessions every week run from beginners up to serious training .
On the several parallel '' sierras '' or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas , climate can be quite temperate and foggy , allowing the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo , home to a handful of Resplendent Quetzals and Horned Guans .
His eye is taken by a young Polish boy , Tadzio , in whom he sees unnatural beauty ( ` Surely the soul of Greece ; Lies in that bright perfection ; ... Mortal child with more than mortal grace ' ) .
He was hired as an assistant animator by Walt Disney Studios in 1945 .
Born in Corbridge , Northumberland , he was a promising schoolboy footballer but was rejected by a number of professional clubs .
In television , a season premiere refers to the first episode of a new television season for a series that has been renewed .
The end of the kingdom Wilhelm I 's grandson Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicated in 1918 as a result of Germany 's defeat in the First World War .
It is the county seat of Warren County .
BBC Learning English is a department of the BBC World Service devoted to English language teaching .
His title of elector of the Palatinate was given to his distant cousin Duke Maximilian of Bavaria .
Pierres is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Significant Tamil emigration began in the 18th century , when the British colonial government sent many poor Tamils as indentured labourers to far-off parts of the Empire , especially Malaya , South Africa , Fiji , Mauritius and the Caribbean .
The movement is named for the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy , where it started within the Benedictine order .
Technical origami , also known as origami sekkei , is a field of origami that has developed almost hand-in-hand with the field of mathematical origami .
Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia ( police ) and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region .
Amritsar district is one of 20 districts in the state of Punjab in West India .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
The name Kate is an acronym for KDE Advanced Text Editor .
Tom Sermanni ( born 1 July 1954 ) is a Scottish association football coach and former professional player .
Famous examples of his Suprematist works include Black Square ( 1915 ) and White on White ( 1918 ) .
These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand that makes up the sea bed or can be resting on the surface of a rocky substrate , in this case they tend to live in colonies and their tubes become twisted around each other for support to form a large impenetrable mass/O. .
Admitting some of the statements were indeed humorous , he said he tries not to take any of them seriously , and he hopes that such statements will interest people in real facts about him contained in his literary works .
As with the original title , the plot of Super Mario 64 DS centers on rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser , with slight changes to accommodate the additional characters .
The particle in a 1-dimensional potential energy box is the most simple example where restraints lead to the quantization of energy levels .
Augustus Henry FitzRoy , 3rd Duke of Grafton , KG , PC ( 28 September 1735 - 14 March 1811 ) , styled Earl of Euston between 1747 and 1757 , was a British Whig statesman of the Georgian era .
It was first released in South Korea on 31 August 2002 for Microsoft Windows and has since been released in many other locales around the world .
It is a sequel to the platform games Duke Nukem and Duke Nukem II published by Apogee .
Consequently , it was called plumbago ( Latin for '' lead ore '' ) .
It has been the residence of every U.S. President since John Adams .
Similarly , not all organisms that look alike necessarily have the same genotype .
Camilla '' Milly '' Rosso and Rebecca '' Becky '' Rosso ( born July 6 , 1994 in England ) are English identical twin actresses .
The town of Twillingate is approximately 1.5 hours from Gander and about an hour from Lewisporte .
Barely was that center up and running and its first students through their course when Young found himself a Colonel and moved from the classroom in July 1943 to be Senior British Police Officer in the Mediterranean Theatre , stationed in North Africa awaiting the invasion of Sicily .
As this was the former method of determining if a contestant was eliminated in case of a tie , a new tiebreaker format was developed .
Sellapan RamanathanYap , Sonny ; Lim , Richard ; Leong , Weng Kam (/O2009/O) .
In late 2007 -- early 2008 , after a scheduled break from touring for the their label to secure an overseas release of Cruel Melody , Black Light Burns released a cover album titled Cover Your Heart and the Anvil Pants Odyssey that also included remixes and b-sides from Cruel Melody , and a DVD containing live and behind the scenes footage of the band .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
True Greek salad is essentially a tomato salad made of sliced or chopped tomatoes with a few slices of cucumber , red onion , feta cheese , and kalamata olives , seasoned with salt , black pepper , oregano , and basil and dressed with olive oil .
The Art of War ( ) is a Chinese military treatise that was written by Sun Tzu in the 6th century BC , during the Spring and Autumn period .
Despite being introduced in late 2002 , it was not until 2004 that a winner had the option to choose a match for the World Heavyweight Championship instead of the WWE Championship at WrestleMania .
The Empire State Building is a 102-story landmark Art Deco skyscraper in New York City , United States , at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street .
His visit to Australia in 1893 led to the first conference of British colonies and territories , held in Ottawa in 1894 .
Before the United States formally entered World War II by declaring war on Japan on December 8 , 1941 , Lindbergh had been an outspoken advocate of keeping the U.S. out of the world conflict , as was his Congressman father , Charles August Lindbergh ( R-MN ) , during World War I , and became a leader of the anti-war America First movement .
VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multimedia framework written by the VideoLAN project .
Although she loved her husband , the marriage was often unhappy .
The proposal would have removed references to the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister , but subject to the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament .
Nanaerobes are organisms that can not grow in the presence of micromolar concentrations of oxygen , but can grow with and benefit from lower ( nanomolar ) concentrations of oxygen .
With Tommy Johnson , he was the center of a small Jackson , Mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
Network SouthEast ( NSE ) was one of three passenger sectors of British Rail created in 1982 .
The vascular cambium is the source of both the secondary xylem ( inwards , towards the pith ) and the secondary phloem ( outwards ) , and is located between these tissues in the stem and root .
American size and European size are different from Asian size , hence the useful comparison tool .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman et al . on August 14 , 2002 .
Gabriel Donizete de Santana , or simply Gabriel ( born September 8 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian Midfielder who currently plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the Azadegan League .
Note : Some of the tengwar used in this article may not display properly unless tengwar fonts are installed .
To make the show more interesting , the aliens release Buzz Cola , a soda drink that makes people go insane , into Springfield 's water supply .
In 2010 , Google estimated that there were approximately 130 million unique books in the world .
From 1919 until its renaming to Wehrmacht in 1936 , the German armed forced had been known as the Reichswehr ( '' National Defence '' ) .
Level : Cruella II : You are trapped in a small pen with watermelons as you are terrorized by Cruella via boat .
Because the Earth 's orbit around the Sun is also elliptical , the Earth 's distance from the Sun similarly varies throughout the year . This affects the apparent sizes of the Sun and Moon in the same way , but not so much as the Moon 's varying distance from the Earth .
The game was supervised by Takehiro Izushi , and was produced by Gunpei Yokoi .
The seeds are also pressed to make mustard oil , and the edible leaves can be eaten as mustard greens .
GNU licenses : The GNU General Public License ( GPL ) is a widely used license for free software projects .
Impersonating soldiers of the other side by wearing the enemy 's uniform is allowed , though fighting in that uniform is unlawful perfidy , as is the taking of hostages .
New Girl In Town -- Book by George Abbott , music and lyrics by Bob Merrill .
The list of Harry Potter cast members is a list of actors who voiced or portrayed characters appearing in the Harry Potter film series based on the book series by J. K. Rowling .
Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street , Cheapside , London , England .
The lake water requires very little treatment before being pumped into the municipal systems and the natural , untreated water can be safely drunk from almost any point in the lake .
Census Results by Locality , 2005 INEGI .
The Dorah Pass is more than high .
In adult organisms , stem cells and progenitor cells act as a repair system for the body , replenished in adult tissues . In a developing embryo , stem cells can differentiate into all the specialized cells , but also maintain the normal turnover of regenerative organs , such as blood , skin , or intestinal tissues .
Saving Abel is an American rock band from Corinth , Mississippi , formed in 2004 by Jared Weeks and Jason Null .
You Are Like Oxygen ) , a cover of '' Show the World '' by Martin Hoberg Hedegaard , originally written by the Danish songwriting and production team of Thomas Troelsen , Remee and Lucas Secon .
University of Balochistan was established in 1971 at Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Passer rating ( known as passing efficiency or pass efficiency in NCAA football ) is a measure of the performance of quarterbacks or any other passers in American football and Canadian football .
Sarah Yorke Jackson ( July 16 , 1803 & ndash ; August 23 , 1887 ) was the daughter-in-law of US President Andrew Jackson .
Despite the fact that the other members dislike and disregard Rick , he is heard to say that they '' really are terrific friends '' .
The draft of 1891 was submitted to colonial parliaments but lapsed in New South Wales , after which the other colonies were unwilling to proceed .
Van Dieman 's Land is mentioned in Peter Carey 's book , True History of the Kelly Gang , as a place the Kelly parents suffered on their way to the Colony of Victoria .
Despite making an immediate strong impression on her new tribe , Stephenie was immediately identified as a target due to her strength and for being the outsider .
It was bounded by ( from the south and clockwise ) the Czech Republic and the districts of Vogtlandkreis , Zwickauer Land , Stollberg and Annaberg .
The name Kaika-tenn was assigned to him posthumously by later generations .
Its speed can be adjusted .
He studied philosophy at Bonn University and conducting at the Cologne Conservatory with Fritz Steinbach .
It was discovered in 1979 in images taken by Voyager 1 , and was named in 1983 after the first wife of Zeus , Metis .
Latvia , with Riga as its capital city , thus declared its independence on November 18 , 1918 .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
A second series , with Piper in the starring role , started filming in May 2008 , during which two body doubles were hired in order to hide Billie 's pregnancy .
This bird 's name is for the American ornithologist ( bird expert ) , George Newbold Lawrence .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
In most classification systems the Osteichthyes are paraphyletic with land vertebrates . That means that the nearest common ancestor of all Osteichthyes includes tetrapods amongst its descendants .
The members were Americans Micky Dolenz , Michael Nesmith , Peter Tork , and Englishman Davy Jones , who were supervised and popularized by Don Kirshner .
Works His conservatively structured works , in the German romantic musical tradition , placed him in the camp of Romantic classicism exemplified by Johannes Brahms , rather than the opposing '' New Music '' of Franz Liszt and Richard Wagner .
She accepts the date , but only if her date will take her out to the ballgame .
David and his Queen were crowned at Scone on 24 November 1331 .
Member of Parliament He is a member of the Conservative Party .
National team He played 19 times for the Brazilian national team , scoring 21 goals .
As a result , many contestants would change alliances late in the game in order to avoid another tie and another chance of drawing the Purple Rock .
Morena Baccarin as Inara Serra : A Companion who formerly rented one of Serenity 's shuttles .
French and English are official languages along with Seychellois Creole , which is primarily based upon French .
The National Hurricane Center 's director , Max Mayfield , indicated that the Mississippi\/Louisiana area has '' the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios , '' and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC .
Strathaven ( ; Gaelic : Srath Aibhne , meaning : valley of the Avon ) is a historic market town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Unonosarara ( Takama no Harahiro no Hime no Sumera Mikoto ) Traditional dates .
Stephanus Johannes Paulus Kruger ( 10 October 1825 -- 14 July 1904 ) , better known as Paul Kruger and affectionately known as Uncle Paul ( Dutch : '' Oom Paul '' ) was State President of the South African Republic ( Transvaal ) .
Today the National Theatre consists of three artistic ensembles -- opera , ballet and drama -- which alternate in their performances in the historic building of the National Theatre , in the Theatre of the Estates and in the Kolowrat Theatre .
T Tag team a pair of wrestlers working together in a tag team match ( a match which pits two or more teams of wrestlers against one another ) .
Fumie Suguri has had a long competitive career .
Scholastic ( or Scholastic Inc. ) is a global book publishing company known for publishing educational materials for schools , teachers , and parents , and selling and distributing them by mail order and via book clubs and book fairs .
Nelson De La Hoya , is another Icon in the Musical History of Bonao .
The ` inner parlor ' was located off the cloister next to the chapter house in the east range of the monastery .
Chrysanthemums , often called mums or chrysanths , are of the genus ( Chrysanthemum ) constituting approximately 30 species of perennial flowering plants in the family Asteraceae which is native to Asia and northeastern Europe .
A '' silver dollar '' pancake refers to a pancake about 3 inches ( 7 cm ) in diameter - these are usually served in portions of five or ten .
Nonetheless , it remained a hurricane as it crossed the Azores , making landfall on Sao Miguel Island as a category 1 hurricane with 80mph winds .
He co-authored the epochal Principia Mathematica with Bertrand Russell .
The Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) is a women 's professional basketball league in the United States .
Teale won six caps for the Scotland national football team .
In 1948 , he was commissioned to design the organ for the Royal Festival Hall .
She has also won three Grammy Awards .
spica , latifolia ) , until Linnaeus combined them , believing the name lavandula derived from the Latin ` lavare ' to wash , referring to the use of infusions of the plants .
A pond is an inland body of standing water , either natural or man-made , that is smaller than a lake .
Honiara , population 49,107 ( 1999 census ) , 78,190 ( 2009 estimate ) , is the capital of the Solomon Islands and of Guadalcanal Province , although it is a separately administered town .
As well as a high school there are elementary schools in the public ( Kinnwood Central Public School ) and separate ( St. John Fisher ) school systems .
Created from the initial letter of each of the eight carpal bones , in the order most commonly referenced , the sentence '' some lovers try positions that they ca n't handle '' is used as a mnemonic device .
All basic configurations are controlled by text files , including the construction of menus and the mapping of keybindings .
This camper technically did not met the qualifications in Total Drama Drama Drama Drama Island ( TDDDDI ) to failed to the next season to become a cast-mate of Total Drama Action .
The program , which airs on the History Channel , consists of former fighter pilots sharing their stories of actual dogfights in which they took part , and uses computer-generated imagery ( CGI ) to give the viewer a better perspective of what it is like to partake in aerial combat .
February 21 & ndash ; Emperor Peter III of Russia , husband of Catherine the Great ( d. 1762 )
Rocky Rapids is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within Brazeau County .
On initial release , the show was praised by critics and won the prestigious Humanitas Prize and the People 's Choice Award .
From the thirteenth to the sixteenth centuries , the devotion was propagated but it did not seem to have developed in itself .
Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose developed in 1964 at Oklahoma State University by Herbert C. Swim and O. L. Weeks .
Subsequently , 3 years later , the name Pakistan was proposed in Pakistan Declaration in 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali , a Cambridge graduate , again , Bengal was left out of the proposal .
The Book of Judges ( Hebrew : Sefer Shoftim ) is a book of the Bible originally written in Hebrew .
Her mother is Brazilian stage and TV actress Vera Setta and her father is the Brazilian Record TV News Coordinator in Rio de Janeiro , Fernando Baccarin .
The Oxford Parliament , led by Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester , leads to the acceptance by King Henry III of England of the Provisions of Oxford .
Taking on the task of modernizing and upgrading a film conglomerate in the depths of the depression was risky , and for a time Universal slipped into receivership .
They are the most successful and the third most popular football club in Brazil , with over 17 million supporters .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Nintendo Research & Development 2 , a defunct division of Nintendo .
Moulton is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
Around 11:00 am EDT ( 1500 UTC ) , they designated the system as Tropical Depression One while it was located about 310 mi ( 500 km ) south of Providence , Rhode Island .
Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 56/100 , based on 29 reviews .
Human management of this species is known as beekeeping or apiculture .
In 1958 , the State Department explained that the terms '' Near East '' and '' Middle East '' were interchangeable , and defined the region as including only Egypt , Syria , Israel , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar .
--
The Guns , God and Government DVD was released on October 29 , 2002 by Eagle Rock Entertainment and features live concert footage culled from performances in Los Angeles , Europe , Russia and Japan .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC , released in March 1977 .
Carbon fiber reinforced polymer or carbon fiber reinforced plastic ( CFRP or CRP ) , is a very strong , light , and expensive composite material or fiber reinforced polymer .
The reservoir created behind Shasta Dam is known as Shasta Lake and is a popular recreational boating area .
It comprises the autonomous communities of the Basque Country and Navarre in Spain and then the Northern Basque Country in France .
Self-service facilities , which are generally coin-operated , where the customer does the washing , including '' jet washing '' .
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute , then he worked at Armenian Television ( '' 3 Alik '' TV program ) .
Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta , built over an Etruscan-Roman temple and restructured in 1375 along Tuscan-Gothic lines .
In the course of the partition of the Saxe-Weimar lands among the sons of late Duke John II in 1640 , the eldest brother William of Saxe-Weimar gave the re-established Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach to his younger brother Albert IV , while the youngest Ernest received the Duchy of Saxe-Gotha . However , Duke Albert died without heirs in 1644 , and Saxe-Eisenach was then divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar , ruled by his brothers .
Juliette Ferrington introduced the first program -- commentary of Manchester United against Sunderland .
After the recording of ` Addicted Romantic ' longtime bassist Paul Youdell and guitarist Jonathan Wilson left the band , being replaced by Nicholas Munnings and Stefan Gregory respectively .
Gandhi conceived of Satyagraha , loosely translated as '' Soul Force , '' as a means of striving for truth and social justice through love , suffering , and conversion of the oppressor .
He has collaborated extensively with a wide variety of high profile artists such as Bill Laswell , Bootsy Collins , Bernie Worrell , Iggy Pop , Les Claypool , Serj Tankian , Bill Moseley , Mike Patton , Viggo Mortensen , and was a member of Guns N ' Roses from 2000 to 2004 .
The king was the town 's mayor until the historic village of Lietzow was incorporated into Charlottenburg in 1720 .
Bauer investigated the sources of the New Testament and concluded that early Christianity owed more to ancient Greek philosophy ( Stoicism ) than to Judaism .
She stated that the music would be an evolution of previous works and be '' better , stronger , and more interesting '' .
Akira Matsunaga ( born August 8 , 1948 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
groundwater pressure acting to destabilise the slope
Allie 's Ghost Hunters series
Singaporeans are especially encouraged to sing the national anthem on occasions of national celebration or national significance such as at the National Day Parade , at National Day observance ceremonies conducted by educational institutions and government departments , and at sporting events at which Singapore teams are participating .
Set times for prayer during the day were established ( based substantially on Jewish models ) , and a festal cycle throughout the Church year governed the celebration of feasts and holy days pertaining to the events in the life of Jesus , the lives of the saints , and aspects of the Church 's perception of God .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , from the Municipal Borough of Abingdon , Wantage Urban District , Abingdon Rural District , Faringdon Rural District and part of the Wantage Rural District of Berkshire .
Naomi Phoenix , UK pop\/rock singer and songwriter ; released music branded '' Naomi ''
Now You See It ... is a Disney Channel Original Movie and was the first of 2005 .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad . Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him , he is now alone , except for a self-appointed mentor and protector , Timothy Q. Mouse , who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again .
Freud believed that people are driven by two conflicting central desires : the life drive ( libido or Eros ) ( survival , propagation , hunger , thirst , and sex ) and the death drive .
Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the terminals of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east .
Passengers can step on or off at any floor they like .
You may not copy , modify , sublicense , or distribute the Document except as expressly provided under this License .
As an example , the radioactive decay of carbon-14 is exponential with a half-life of 5730 years .
History Lot is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Following his arrest , Jesus is brought to the house of Annas , who is the father-in-law of the high priest , Caiaphas .
To be hanged , drawn and quartered was from 1351 the penalty in England for men guilty of high treason .
Brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .
These roles\/characters can be found in today 's pantomimes .
The idea of using boiling water to produce mechanical motion has a long history , going back about 2,000 years .
In addition to being used as a tag for his entrance on CBS episodes he hosted , Steve Allen 's composition '' This Could Be the Start of Something '' was used as the opening theme in 1972 arranged by Edd Kalehoff for Score Productions .
Courroux is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The 1965 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1965 , and lasted until November 30 , 1965 .
This moth is found in North America from east of the Great Plains in the United States to northern Mexico and from Manitoba eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada .
Zentyal ( eBox Platform ) was first included in Ubuntu in 2007 , in the Gutsy Gibbon Tribe 3 , the third alpha release of Ubuntu 7.10 .
Mr. Biddle takes a liking to him immediately .
Waluigi 's first appearance was in the Mario Tennis games for the Game Boy Color and Nintendo 64 , as Wario 's doubles partner ; he would remain doubles partners with Wario in all later Mario Tennis games . Later , along with Princess Daisy , he joined the Mario Party series ' roster in Mario Party 3 , in which he owns an island full of explosives .
Market share , in strategic management and marketing is , according to Carlton O'Neal , the percentage or proportion of the total available market or market segment that is being serviced by a company .
This variation appears in his book The Pleasures of Life : '' Not only does a library contain '' infinite riches in a little room , '' but we may sit at home and yet be in all quarters of the earth . ''
The Professor tosses him the ball that broke the window and replies , '' Try me . ''
Longueville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
At the 2000 census the population was 270 .
Raymond Arthur Dart ( 4 February 1893 -- 22 November 1988 ) was an Australian anatomist and anthropologist , best known for his involvement in the 1924 discovery of the first fossil ever found of Australopithecus africanus , an extinct hominid closely related to humans , at Taung in Northwestern South Africa .
It was released in Japan on March 21 , 2001 ; in North America on June 11 , 2001 ; in Australia and Europe on June 22 , 2001 ; and in the People 's Republic of China on June 8 , 2004 ( excluding Hong Kong ) .
The average age of the current Earth 's continental crust has been estimated to be about 2.0 billion years .
She aided Theseus in overcoming the Minotaur ( actually her half-brother ) and was the bride of the god Dionysus .
and poet .
Alexander Andrijevski ( born August 10 , 1968 in Minsk , Belarus ) is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
Dromore , County Down
A sliotar or sliothar ( ; may derive from Irish sliabh , meaning '' mountain '' and thar meaning '' across '' ) is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball , consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together .
Olympisch Stadion - Amsterdam (/O1928/O)
Gallimimus ( GAL-i-MYE-mus ) ( meaning '' chicken or rooster mimic '' ) is a genus of ornithomimid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period ( Maastrichtian stage ) Nemegt Formation of Mongolia .
It is generally estimated that false pregnancy is caused due to changes in the endocrine system of the body , leading to the secretion of hormones which translate into physical changes similar to those during pregnancy .
In October 2008 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize '' for his efforts on several continents and over more than three decades , to resolve international conflicts '' .
Michael Jackson 's Thriller tops the list , estimated to have sold 110 million copies worldwide .
Series regular Allison Mack has portrayed the character since the pilot episode ; two other actresses performed the role of Chloe Sullivan as a child .
William III ( 915 & ndash ; 3 April 963 ) , called Towhead ( , ) from the color of his hair , was the '' Count of the Duchy of Aquitaine '' from 959 and Duke of Aquitaine from 962 to his death .
Catherine de ' Medici ( April 13 , 1519 -- January 5 , 1589 ) was born in Florence , Italy , as Caterina Maria Romula di Lorenzo de ' Medici .
The Lotus name returned to Formula One for the 2010 season , when a new Malaysian team called Lotus Racing , using the Lotus name on licence from Group Lotus , was awarded an entry .
At Osaka , Mirza won her first round match against 5th seed Shahar Pe ` er 3 - 6 , 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 . Mirza then defeated Viktoriya Kutuzova 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 and in the quarterfinal she defeated 2nd seed Marion Bartoli 6 - 4 , 2 - 0 by retirement .
During the early 1930s he was a student at the Akademie der Tonkunst in Munich where Carl Orff was his teacher and Orff remained a powerful influence on his music .
Zub is a game written for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum which was published in 1986 by Mastertronic and was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64 with music on all formats composed by David Whittaker .
On January 4 , 2008 , a day before CES 2008 , Warner Bros. ( the only major studio still releasing movies in both HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc format ) announced that it would release only in Blu-ray Disc after May 2008 .
In October 2008 , Cloud Cult was featured in an animated Esurance commercial .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
In April 2007 , Gammer started his own label , Muffin Music , and released a promotional mix for it .
Cessy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The book contains many handwritten notes , revisions , and new spells ; Hermione , however , believes Harry 's use of it is cheating .
Mario Kart DS is the first Mario Kart iteration to support online play .
Colbert received an honorary doctorate in fine arts from Knox College , Illinois on June 3 , 2006 ; his credit as producer has been listed since that time as '' Dr. Stephen T. Colbert , D.F.A. '' ( later changed in April 2009 to '' Sir Dr. Stephen T. Colbert , D.F.A. '' after Colbert was knighted by Queen Noor of Jordan in exchange for his support of the Global Zero Campaign to eliminate nuclear weapons ) .
Tom Jones ( singer ) ( born 1940 ) , Welsh singer
All Form 1 newcomers from the own district are Band 1 students .
The Sydney Cricket and Sports Ground Trust ( popularly known as the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust ) is an organization that operates several sporting facilities in Sydney , Australia . The SCG Trust operates the Sydney Cricket Ground and Sydney Football Stadium at Moore Park in eastern Sydney .
IGN ( 7.1 \/O/ 10 ) link
Interstate 85 ( I-85 ) is a major interstate highway in the southeastern United States .
He succeeded Dick Cheney . Biden is the first United States Vice President from Delaware and the first Roman Catholic to attain that office .
( ) .
The total impedance is then given by : : and after substitution of and and simplification , gives : .
West Punjab was a province of Pakistan from 1947 to 1955 .
Post-1968 : as activist In the aftermath of 1968 , the French government created a new experimental university , Paris VIII , at Vincennes and appointed Foucault the first head of its philosophy department in December of that year .
Today the theater is recognized as one of the leading opera and ballet theaters in the world and is home to the La Scala Theatre Chorus , La Scala Theatre Ballet and La Scala Theatre Orchestra .
Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it , making wasps critically important in natural control of their numbers , or natural biocontrol .
Arminia ` s name derives from the Cheruscian chieftain Arminius , who defeated a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest .
Between segments in every show , she uses some harebrained scheme to try and meet Amanda , often with the help of Drake , Josh , or her brother Preston , but never succeeds , though she is at times exceedingly close to doing so .
The '' firemen '' burn them '' for the good of humanity '' .
Akihiro Nishimura ( born August 8 , 1958 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
During their time with Culture Shock , they choreographed a variety of industrial musicals for casinos and companies such as Nike , Levi , Redken , Matrix Hair , and MAC .
She promises to make him Prince and eventually King of Narnia , if only he will bring the other children to her castle .
As the harpsichord evolved into the fortepiano , and in the end to the modern piano , the increased volume and the richer sound of the new instrument allowed the keyboard instrument to better compete with a full orchestra .
This effort culminated with a 13-week test series titled Family Portraits which aired in early 1987 .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
Poanes viator ( Edwards , 1865 ) -- Broad-winged Skipper
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
There are many different classes of extremophiles , each corresponding to the way its environmental niche differs from mesophilic conditions .
According to the '' Submission to the Secretary of State 's review of digital channels '' in March 2004 , Radio 1Xtra '' provides music output 24 hours a day , punctuated by bespoke BBC news bulletins and other speech output designed specifically to be pertinent to the audience . ''
After a great earthquake in 989 ruined the dome of Hagia Sophia , the Byzantine officials summoned Trdat to Byzantium to organize repairs .
His mother was Jean Ferguson Paterson .
Hollywood films are mostly screened here along with some selected Bollywood films .
Cantor ( crater ) , a lunar crater
In 1813 , he was named to the Académie des Beaux-Arts , replacing André Grétry .
Specialized English was developed initially by Feba Radio in the UK .
For much of Japanese history , Mt. Hiei has been off-limits to women .
Scheme is one of the two main dialects of the programming language Lisp .
The Hydrogenothermaceae family are bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings .
Quechuas is the the collective term for several ethnic groups in South America who speak a Quechua language ( Southern Quechua mainly ) , belonging to several ethnic groups in South America , above all in Peru , Ecuador , Bolivia , Chile and Argentina .
August 22 , 408 -- Stilicho , military power behind the imperial throne , is executed .
Eraclea Mare is known for its pinewood and the '' Mort Lagoon '' ( Italian : Laguna del Mort ) .
Year 1317 ( MCCCXVII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Shuichi Gonda is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C. Tokyo .
The tracks '' Sheila '' and '' In Spite of Me '' were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey .
This enables them to squeeze through very narrow slits between underwater rocks , which is very helpful when they are fleeing from morays or other predatory fish .
They argued that the plan was American economic imperialism , and that it was an attempt to gain control over Western Europe just as the Soviets controlled Eastern Europe .
Red and Blue have subsequently been remade for the Game Boy Advance as Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen , released in 2004 .
As of 2005 , its population was estimated at more than 371,090,000 .
Montfaucon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ammon is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
The word solstice derives from Latin sol ( sun ) and sistere ( to stand still ) .
Pure calcium carbonate ( e.g. for food or pharmaceutical use ) , can be produced from a pure quarried source ( usually marble ) .
In clathrate structures , gases are enclosed in an icy cage and look like packed snow .
When Beatrice died in 1290 , Dante tried to find a refuge in Latin literature .
Back at camp , knowing she was next to go , Caryn agreed to be a new wheel with Tom and Ian for dismantling their five-person alliance with Gregg , Jenn , and Katie .
On January 29 , 2007 , Melina became the number one contender for the WWE Women 's Championship , but on February 5 , she lost a title match against Mickie James .
Each GAA county has its own flag/colours ( and often a nickname too ) , and county allegiances are taken quite seriously .
replaces the deprecated template '' conference reference '' .
Loubens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is one of nine cities and seven counties that constitute the Hampton Roads metro area , officially known as the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
Pioneering scholarly works on the Viking Age began to reach a small readership in Britain .
The club was reformed as F.C. Halifax Town in July 2008 .
It was an important route for merchants and travelers of ancient times that allowed for trade and cultural exchange between emergent peoples of the region -- the Mesopotamian , Egyptian , Phoenician , Carthaginian , Iberian , Greek , Illyrian , Thracian , Levantine , Gallic , Roman , Arabic , Berber , Jewish , Slavic and Turkish cultures .
At Jerilderie in 1879 Hart stole a watch from The Very Reverend Gribble , a parson at the Protestant church , and Ned told him to return it , which Hart did , ` looking daggers ' .
Queen Elizabeth II spends one week in residence at Holyrood Palace at the beginning of each summer , where she carries out a range of official engagements and ceremonies .
Dexter 's volume on early Yale graduates He wanted to do many things such as study law , engage in trade , or study divinity .
Flannery was named Australian of the Year in 2007 and is presently a professor at Macquarie University .
Image : Illu repdt male .
Seed production in these species can be very high , 200-700 kg per hectare .
Our sibling project has the goal of creating a dictionary .
Meriden is a city in New Haven County , Connecticut , United States .
As of 2005 , it has a population of 578,156 .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 , and subsequently held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon , as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions .
In 1910 it became the Judicial Capital of South Africa .
A campus novel , also known as an academic novel , is a novel whose main action is set in and around the campus of a university .
Male rabbits are called bucks ; females are called does .
During this time , St. Catharines nearly tripled in population .
One chain extends across the sea to Chios , another extends across Euboea to Samos , and a third extends across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes , dividing the Aegean from the Mediterranean .
The plural of rhombus can be either rhombi or rhombuses .
He was born in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada in 1842 .
Other important members during the next two decades included Daniel Fichelscher , Klaus Wiese and Robert Eliscu .
In addition to his work with Queen , he led a solo career , penning hits such as '' Barcelona '' , '' I Was Born to Love You '' and '' Living on My Own '' .
On the outside of a pie there is a sweet or savory crust , and on the inside there is a filling .
Hisao Sekiguchi ( born October 29 , 1954 ) is a former Japanese football player .
In 1924 Adolf Hitler spent eight months incarcerated in Landsberg after being convicted of treason following the Beer Hall Putsch in Munich the previous year .
Bullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France .
PCLinuxOS places specific emphasis on desktop computing , concentrating its efforts for home or small business environments , hence paying less attention to other more '' traditional '' uses , like servers , although packages for most server tasks are available .
Members from both the ruling party , Chama Cha Mapinduzi ( CCM ) , and the opposition Civic United Front ( CUF ) disagreed with Mr Pinda 's interpretation and stand firmly in recognizing Zanzibar as a fully autonomous and full state , the move which is widely unrecognized by the formation of the Government of the United Republic of Tanzania which raises a backlash between Members of Parliament from the Tanzania mainland and Zanzibar .
Pierre de Fermat ( ; 17 August 1601 or 1607\/8 -- 12 January 1665 ) was a French lawyer at the Parlement of Toulouse , France , and an amateur mathematician who is given credit for early developments that led to infinitesimal calculus , including his adequality .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The first named appearance of Wario occurred in the 1992 game ' where he was designed by Hiroji Kiyotake who was also responsible for designing Samus Aran , another popular Nintendo character .
Jacob-Abraham-Camille PissarroWold Eiermann , '' Camille Pissarro 1830 -- 1903 , '' in Christoph Becker , Camille Picasso ( Hatje Cantz : Ostfildern-Ruit , 1999 ) , 1 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
probable & ndash ; Eric of Pomerania , King of Norway , Sweden and Denmark ( d. 1459 )
Nevertheless , a link between political views and mosque attendance can still be seen in other parts of the world .
The diagnosis of Dissociative identity disorder is defined by criteria in the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) . The DSM-II used the term multiple personality disorder , the DSM-III grouped the diagnosis with the other four major dissociative disorders , and the DSM-IV-TR categorizes it as dissociative identity disorder .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
As the second WrestleMania to be held entirely outdoors , Vince McMahon also announced that the show would have taken place regardless of the weather conditions .
The Middle East Annual : Issues & Events , 1984 , edited by David H. Partington , p. 155 The group 's activities were primarily assassinations of Turkish diplomats and politicians in Western Europe , in the United States and the Middle East .
Portugal entered the European Union in 1986 .
Charlotte 's Web is a live-action\/computer-animated feature film , based on the popular book of the same name by E.B. White .
In most modern speedball tournaments , inflatable vinyl bunkers of varied shapes and sizes are utilized .
Its political status in Greece is known as the Autonomous Monastic State of the Holy Mountain .
The nominate subspecies Ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca consists of most extant populations of panda .
Dirk Werner Nowitzki ( ) ( born June 19 , 1978 ) is a German professional basketball player who plays for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Nevertheless , the Fleming Building 's narrow windows , all located above the first floor , and fortress-like exterior led to a campus rumor that it was designed to be riot-proof .
Role in The Simpsons Biography Hans Moleman is the retconned name of the character .
Numerous ducks have managed to establish themselves on oceanic islands such as Hawaii , New Zealand and Kerguelen , although many of these species and populations are threatened or have become extinct .
There were 28 sports and 302 events at the 2008 Games .
William A. Shea Municipal Stadium , usually shortened to Shea Stadium or just Shea , was a stadium in the New York City borough of Queens , in Flushing Meadows- Corona Park . It was the home baseball park of Major League Baseball 's New York Mets from 1964 to 2008 .
The best-known park of Zhytomyr is named after Yuri Gagarin , located in the south of the city , at the left ( northern ) bank of the Teteriv river .
If this is the case , then the fact that 10 km fragments of the Vesta family and V-type asteroids have survived bombardment until the present indicates that the crater is only about 1 billion years old or younger .
He and his horse May-Queen won the silver medal as member of the German team in the team eventing after finishing 15th in the individual eventing competition .
The first version of iWork , iWork ' 05 , was announced on January 11 , 2005 by Vardaan at the Macworld Conference & Expo and made available on January 22 in the United States and worldwide on January 29 . iWork '05 comprised two applications : Keynote 2 , a presentation creation program , and Pages , a word processor .
'' Superheroes DVD '' (/O2005/O) Discography at AllMusic
There 's no need to emphasize that the lead section is incorrect for some cases , because that 's stated outright .
Biden is the first Roman Catholic and the first Delawarean to become Vice President of the United States .
Rockhampton had nearly a week to prepare for an expected flood peak from the Fitzroy River , which courses through the center of the city .
Introduced in 1959 , ten of the class were built by Gloucester Railway Carriage and Wagon Company , each with two 230 hp British United Traction engines .
Although selenium is an essential trace element , it is toxic if taken in excess .
Eric Joseph Brent Staal ( born on 29 October , 1984 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who currently plays for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League .
T2050 and T2250 mounted in OEM systems don not have Virtualization Technology
It is named for Kent , an English county .
In ecclesiastical matters it favored the spread of Catholic observance , the rebuilding of churches , the moral reform of the clergy and laity , and the end of the religion of the Danes in England .
Awards Nominated for a 2007 silver Globe Award for Best Actress in a Drama .
Wikipedia 's articles provide links to guide the user to related pages with additional information .
The Exxon Valdez ( ) oil spill occurred in the Prince William Sound , Alaska , on March 24 , 1989 .
In art , Rhea is usually depicted seated in a throne flanked by lions or on a chariot drawn by two lions , and is not always distinguishable from Cybele .
Lucy finally leaves the group when she returns to the SDR headquarters one night to find the offices deserted and Paco and some of his followers making bombs .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al Wasl FC won the championship .
Asti is a city and comune of c. 75,000 inhabitants located in the Piedmont region of north-western Italy , about 55 kilometres east of Turin in the plain of the Tanaro River .
The Network Time Protocol ( NTP ) is a protocol for synchronizing the clocks of computer systems over packet-switched , variable-latency data networks .
Snowpacks can thaw and melt , and the melted water flows over land as snowmelt .
Coco is close to her mother , who managed her career before .
The most popular stud variant today , seven-card stud , deals two extra cards to each player ( three face-down , four face-up ) from which they must make the best possible 5-card hand .
La Villette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Alternatively , GRUB can pass control of the boot process to another loader , using chain loading .
Patronage is the support , encouragement , privilege and often financial aid that an organization or individual bestows to another .
Your signature should not blink , scroll , or otherwise inconvenience or annoy other editors .
On 21 December , it was announced that Timo Glock had been signed as the team 's second test driver .
Originally there was only one Emmy Awards ceremony held per year to honor shows nationally broadcast in the United States . That changed when the Daytime Emmy Awards , a separate awards show specifically just for daytime programming , was first held in 1974 .
Architectural type , classification of architecture by functional types ( houses , institutions ) , morphological types or historical types Architectural style subcategories
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Complicating its toxicity is the fact that it smells and looks very appealing , to the extent that there are reports of repeat poisonings from individuals who were tempted to try them a second time .
Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar ; the term masonry can also refer to the units themselves .
November 15 & ndash ; William Murdoch , Scottish inventor ( b. 1754 )
This , however , is not always the case , as the 2006 event had the match in the middle of the pay-per-view .
Its final geological suturing occurred between ca .
That film earned Tarantino and Roger Avary Academy Awards for Best Original Screenplay , and was also nominated for Best Picture .
The Matrix is a science fiction-adventure film written and directed by Larry and Andy Wachowski and starring Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , Joe Pantoliano , and Hugo Weaving .
Few , if any , controlled studies have been carried out to answer the question .
At least three children have been born in Antarctica , albeit in stations north of the Antarctic Circle . See Demographics of Antarctica .
And for the following year of 2007 , Fuhua NCC Land Unit achieved National Best Unit ( Overall 1st Best Unit ) .
Even though a magnet is said to have a north pole and a south pole , these two poles can not be separated from each other .
With the exception of non-circulating high-value or precious metal commemorative issues , coins are used for lower valued monetary units , while banknotes are used for higher values .
The story , written by Tom Junod , appeared in the September 2003 issue of Esquire magazine , and was later made into a film .
In law , a sentence forms the final act of a judge-ruled process , and also the symbolic principal act connected to his function .
A Home Warranty protects against the high costs of home and appliance repair by offering home warranty coverage for houses , town homes , condominiums , mobile homes , and new construction homes .
It is the county seat of Graves County .
Dialogue The dialogue in Joss Whedon 's shows and movies usually involves pop culture references both notable and obscure , and the turning of nouns into adjectives by adding a '' y '' at the end of the word ( '' listy '' ) .
In the standard arrangement , there is a first baseman positioned several steps to the left of first base , a second baseman to the right of second base , a shortstop to the left of second base , and a third baseman to the right of third base .
American Journal of Botany 91:1582 -- 1598 ( online abstract here ) .
REN21 (/O2009/O) .
Vedanta , the logical conclusion to Vedic ritualism , focusing on mysticism .
In Greek mythology it was considered to represent the vain queen Cassiopeia , who boasted about her unrivaled beauty .
He thought that sometimes people would do things they did not really want to do because the libido made them .
The building is a National Historic Landmark , having been listed in 1966 .
Italy purchased the city in 1905 and made Mogadishu the capital of Italian Somaliland .
Arthur formed as a tropical depression over Grand Bahama on June 19 .
The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.33 .
This can also be referred to as working language or bridge language .
The work revolves around four central characters : Othello , a Moorish general in the Venetian army ; his wife Desdemona ; his lieutenant , Cassio ; and his trusted ensign Iago .
Fucking With Fire - Live (/O2009/O)
He began an era of conquest that , within three generations , expanded the Inca dominion from the valley of Cuzco to nearly the whole of civilized South America .
August 's flower is the gladiolus or poppy , and its birthstone is the peridot .
It also can be used as a partial replacement for ground beef or pork .
Pope Benedict XIV appointed him Vicar Apostolic of the small community ( approximately 2,000 people ) that converted with him .
CINCFLEET command is exercised through the Navy Command Headquarters , based at in Portsmouth . An Operational Headquarters , the Northwood Headquarters , at Northwood , London , is co-located with the Permanent Joint Headquarters of the United Kingdom 's armed forces , and a NATO Regional Command , Allied Maritime Component Command Northwood ( AMCCN ) .
Dagneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Published in 1993 , it was followed by the novel Max the Mighty in 1998 .
Martin Short as Lars : A stylish but rather strange artist who loves nothing more than painting spots .
Mainframes ( often colloquially referred to as Big Iron ) are powerful computers used mainly by large organizations for critical applications , typically bulk data processing such as census , industry and consumer statistics , enterprise resource planning , and financial transaction processing .
The Council also serves as the president 's principal arm for coordinating these policies among various government agencies .
Return to the Exchequer After the 1931 general election , Chamberlain became Chancellor of the Exchequer a second time .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
Members of one subspecies differ morphologically or by different coding sequences of DNA from members of other subspecies of the species . Subspecies are defined in relation to species .
In addition to his achievements in chemistry , Cavendish is also known for the Cavendish experiment , the first to measure the force of gravity between masses in a laboratory and to produce an accurate value for Earth 's density .
The plague is thought to have returned every generation with varying virulence and mortalities until the 1700s .
The B-2 was first publicly displayed on 22 November 1988 , at Air Force Plant 42 , Palmdale , California , where it was assembled .
Andoni Zubizarreta Urreta ( born 23 October 1961 ) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
In 2007 , the government of Pakistan handed over port operations to PSA Singapore for 25 years , and gave it the status of a Tax Free Port for the following 40 years .
Illegal drug trade India is located between two major illicit opium producing centres in Asia - the Golden Crescent comprising Pakistan , Afghanistan and Iran and the Golden Triangle comprising Burma , Thailand and Laos .
Otero made his Spain national football team debut on September 8 , 1993 , in a 2 -- 0 friendly win against Chile , in Alicante , and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup ( two matches ) and UEFA Euro 1996 ( one ) .
The caracal is a slender , yet muscular , cat , with long legs and a short tail .
He graduated from Clinton High School in 2001 .
The Laborschule Bielefeld ( '' Laboratory School Bielefeld '' ) is an alternative school located in the city of Bielefeld , Germany .
From January 1942 until June 1946 , he was a research associate for the Cowles Commission .
Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Brazil is a city in Clay County , Indiana , United States .
He signed one more year until summer 2009 in May 2008 . On 29 May 2009 left after three years FC Red Bull Salzburg and retired from professional football .
She took over all duties as White House hostess after Emily Donelson fell ill with tuberculosis and died in 1836 .
Infraorder Anguimorpha -- ( the monitors , Gila monster , alligator lizards , galliwasps , slow-worms and others )
The Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) is an art museum located in Midtown Manhattan in New York City , USA , on 53rd Street , between Fifth and Sixth Avenues .
This was translated into English by W.S. Dallas as Facts and Arguments for Darwin in 1869 ( Darwin sponsored the translation and publication ) .
The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century , which culminated in the federation of the Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
No team in any major professional North American sport has won four consecutive championships since the Islanders .
Chairman Bhutto Zardari is also the grandson of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , the first popularly elected Prime Minister of Pakistan and father of Benazir Bhutto , who held the distinction of being the first female elected head of government of any Islamic country .
In fact he continued going after his first album , trying to show how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven .
The Greek historians record that the town was celebrated for its monolithite temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet ( Buto ) ( Herod .
Bristles may be natural or synthetic .
The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches , in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition .
The band also includes guitarist David Kennedy , notably from Over My Dead Body , Hazen Street and Box Car Racer , drummer Atom Willard from The Offspring and Rocket from the Crypt , and bassist Matt Wachter from 30 Seconds to Mars , who replaced Ryan Sinn in 2007 .
Wenedyk also has a vocative case .
December September 10 Battle of Pinkie : An English army under the Duke of Somerset , Lord Protector of England , defeats a Scottish army under James Hamilton , 2nd Earl of Arran , the Regent .
In the context of witchcraft , broomstick is likely to refer to the broom as a whole .
A number of small trading villages exist throughout the district , and each locality has its periodical fairs for purposes of traffic .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
FC Eintracht Bamberg is a German football club from the city of Bamberg , Bavaria .
( The date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error , since the publisher 's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work . )
The lake has a total area of 166 km , and a maximum depth of approximately 43 m ( 141 feet ) .
A pregnancy that ends before 37 weeks of gestation resulting in a live-born infant is known as a '' premature birth '' .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an Christmas television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
July 1 -- Crusaders besiege Nicaea , win the Battle of Dorylaeum , capture Latakia from the Seljuk Turks , and begin the siege of Antioch .
It has an area of and a population of 22,450 ( as of December 2004 ) .
It is bordered by Overijssel to the south , Friesland to the west , Groningen to the north , and Germany ( districts of Emsland and Bentheim ) to the east .
Faculties & Departments Faculty of Physical Sciences Department of Computer Science Department of Physics Department of Statistics Department of Mathematics Department of Geography Department of [ [ Geology ] The director of the geology department is Dr.Abdul Salam Khan Barech .
In 1907 , however , the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party , the Caucus , and the Prime Minister would retain the right to allocate portfolios .
He also announced that he was licencing the Minardi name to established team GP Racing in the junior Euro Formula 3000 series , to be entitled ` Minardi Team by GP Racing ' .
In September 1997 , it was announced Versace 's brother , Santo , and Jorge Saud would serve as the new CEOs of Gianni Versace S.P.A. Versace 's sister , Donatella , became the new head of design .
Harty was born in Hillsborough , Ireland , the fourth of ten children of church organist William Michael Harty ( 1852 -- 1918 ) and his wife , Annie Elizabeth , the daughter of Joseph Hamilton Richards , a soldier from Bray .
Based on the Fiat Tipo 3 , it was a four-door seven-seat sedan powered by a front-mounted 2.8 litre straight-4 engine driving the rear wheels , and was capable of speeds up to .
On August 22 , the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Debby .
He performed songs such as '' Got My Mojo Working '' and '' She 's Nineteen Years Old '' , although he did not appear on the original recordings ; long-time Muddy Waters harmonica player Little Walter was utilized on most of Muddy 's recording sessions in the 1950s .
In addition , there are several conditions related to the person who commits it that must be met .
Indus River Dolphin ( or Bhulan ) , Platanista gangetica minor
The solid surface location on the planet closest to the center of the orb is the Challenger Deep , located in the Mariana Trench at a depth of 10,924 m ( 35,838 ft ) under the sea .
In 1919 she got admitted to the highly competitive University of Calcutta where she attended the Dr. R. Ahmed Dental College .
Fueled by '' Photograph '' and subsequent singles '' Rock of Ages '' and '' Foolin ' '' , Pyromania went on to sell six million copies in 1983 ( more than 100,000 copies every week in that year ) and was held off the top of the US album charts only by Michael Jackson 's Thriller .
MiG-21 Variants - Development and Preproduction
Roman style mills are more complicated as they require gears to transmit the power from a shaft with a horizontal axis to one with a vertical axis .
Captain Planet and the Planeteers is an American animated environmentalist television program , based on an idea by Ted Turner and Robert Larkin III . The show was produced by Andy Heyward , Robby London , Barbara Pyle and Nicholas Boxer .
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
All production takes place at its headquarters in Santa Ana , California .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine ( DNA and RNA ) , thymine ( DNA ) and uracil ( RNA ) , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
They are equally common in both Australia and New Zealand , and very common in Canada .
Hurricane Alicia was the first hurricane to hit the U.S. mainland since Hurricane Allen in August 1980 .
Bollywood films are mostly musicals , and are expected to contain catchy music in the form of song-and-dance numbers woven into the script .
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS , which is based primarily on Debian stable .
Handel was born in Germany in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti .
The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE 's official website in June 2009 with the concept in mind .
Currently , all four '' current '' Green Lanterns have stories being told in simultaneously published series , Green Lantern , Green Lantern Corps , and Green Lantern Emerald Warriors respectively .
Boyaval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The letter informed William that if he were to land in England with a small army , the signatories and their allies would rise up and support him .
It 's B-Side is '' I Do n't Give '' and additional '' Why '' on maxi-cds .
They were the second variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five Classes ( Class 313\/314\/315 \/O/ 507\/508 ) .
The element was first produced in 1950 by bombarding curium with alpha particles ( helium ions ) at the University of California , Berkeley .
Red is also one of the subtractive primary colors of RYB color space but not CMYK color space .
His look employed fabrics lined predominantly with percale , boned , bustier-style bodices , hip padding , wasp-waisted corsets and petticoats that made his dresses flare out from the waist , giving his models a very curvaceous form .
He had a hit single in 1980 with Syreeta Wright with the ballad '' With You I 'm Born Again '' that reached number four on the charts .
He has performed solo and led numerous groups including the Dots , the Coloured Girls and the Messengers .
The islands were also historically known as the '' Spice Islands '' by the Chinese and Europeans , but this term has also been applied to other islands outside Indonesia .
Mysterio won the match and a title shot , and Orton urged him to put the title shot at stake in a match at No Way Out .
produces a single non-breaking space .
In probability theory and statistics , the normal distribution , or Gaussian distribution , is an absolutely continuous probability distribution whose cumulants of all orders above two are zero .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Evelina or the History of a Young Lady 's Entrance into the World is a novel written by English author Frances Burney and first published in 1778 .
The area was a major resort and site of amusement parks that reached its peak in the early 20th century .
Soon after his birth , Grabowski 's family moved from Nowe Dobra to Thorn , Prussia ( now Toru , Poland ) .
Other observations are not answered definitively by known physics .
A Kirkwood gap is a gap or dip in the distribution of main belt asteroids with semi-major axis ( or equivalently their orbital period ) , as seen in the histogram below .
to be able to oversee a number of Internet-related tasks previously performed directly on behalf of the U.S. government by other organizations , notably the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) .
For hydrogen-like atoms ( ions ) only , the Rydberg levels depend only on the principal quantum number .
Komotini is an established university city in the North of Greece known for its high standard of education and the unique and unforgettable ` Komotini student experience ' .
Theodore Robert '' Ted '' Bundy , born Theodore Robert Cowell ( November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 ) , was an American serial killer active between 1974 and 1978 .
This discovery of this first exoplanet around a sun-like star marked a turning point and forced astronomers to realize that giant planets could exist in short period orbits .
He quit his career as an academic in 1973 , when he was elected as a member of the Turkish parliament from the Republican People 's Party .
MOTORAZR V3 Miami Ink Collection V3i The successor to the RAZR is the RAZR V3i .
By 1900 the word tavern had developed an archaic flavor in Britain , the usual term being public house ( pub ) , though taverns remain a popular convention in fantasy tales and games .
Molecular phylogenetics , which uses DNA sequences as data , has driven many recent revisions and is likely to continue to do so .
A pact of non-aggression and friendship is signed between the Roman Empire , represented by Tiberius , and the German tribe the Cherusci , represented by their King Segimer .
Independence of the Seas
The results or ` fruits ' of actions are called .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation ' .
He explains , not unkindly , that he is not a man who loves easily and is unsuited to marriage .
He is the Simpson family 's pet Greyhound .
The lagomorphs are the members of the taxonomic order Lagomorpha , of which there are two living families , the Leporidae ( hares and rabbits ) , and the Ochotonidae ( pikas ) .
Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones , tape recorders , karaoke systems , hearing aids , motion picture production , live and recorded audio engineering , FRS radios , megaphones , in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice , speech recognition , VoIP , and for non-acoustic purposes such as ultrasonic checking or knock sensors .
After the day that he officially became Pope , he spoke to people in Italian , English , German , French , Spanish and Portuguese .
Goodfellow 's Tree-kangaroo has short , woolly fur , usually chestnut to red-brown in color , a gray-brown face , yellow-colored cheeks and feet ; a pale belly , a long , golden brown tail , and two golden stripes on its backside .
Its population in 2008 was 33,710 , for Stirling itself , the wider urban area including Bridge of Allan and Bannockburn has a population of 45,750 .
John Lennon justified the comparative merits of his investiture by comparing military membership in the order , saying '' Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war - for killing people ... ( W ) e received ours for entertaining other people .
Sod can be used to repair a small area of lawn that has died .
He moved to Williams in 1994 , but suffered a fatal accident at the third race of the season at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Italy .
Angel eventually set out on a path of redemption , hoping that he could make up for his past through good deeds .
This doctrine is expressed in the Latin phrase '' leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant '' .
Barker lives in Los Angeles , California .
The games are targeted at '' ages 10 and up '' and are rated '' E '' ( '' Everyone '' ) by the ESRB .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located in the center of the district , the Union Council has a population of 65,776 .
Athena gave a vial of the healing blood to Asclepius , which ultimately brought about his demise .
The most important is the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia . The Constitution was approved in referendums held over 1898 - 1900 by the people of the Australian colonies , and the approved draft was enacted as a section of the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 ( Imp ) , an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Glow fuel is generally a mixture of methanol , nitromethane and oil .
In film and video , footage is the raw , unedited material as it had been originally filmed by movie camera or recorded by a video camera which usually must be edited to create a motion picture , video clip , television show or similar completed work .
PuTTY was written and is maintained primarily by Simon Tatham and is currently beta software .
A moon of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League ( NHL ) career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
The Mitsubishi A5M a Japanese carrier-based fighter aircraft .
Task parallelism ( also known as function parallelism and control parallelism ) is a form of parallelization of computer code across multiple processors in parallel computing environments . Task parallelism focuses on distributing execution processes ( threads ) across different parallel computing nodes .
St Andrews ( Scots : Sanct Androis ) , ( ) is a university town and former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife in Scotland .
Chaetodipus arenarius - Little Desert Pocket Mouse
As the dogs relied on their acute sense of smell , the dogs sought out familiar Soviet tanks instead of strange-smelling German tanks .
In cognitive linguistics , conceptual metaphor , or cognitive metaphor , refers to the understanding of one idea , or conceptual domain , in terms of another , for example , understanding quantity in terms of directionality ( e.g. '' prices are rising '' ) .
While the Second International was split by the outbreak of World War I , a skeleton form survived through the International Socialist Commission .
Arnold Josef Rosé ( born Rosenblum , October 24 , 1863 , Ia i & ndash ; August 25 , 1946 , London ) was a Romanian-born Austrian Jewish violinist .
These solar receivers are specially coated tubes made of glass and steel , which were designed and produced by Solel Solar Systems http://www.solel.com as well as by Schott Glass .
The municipal seat and main settlement is on Federal Highway 17 , which connects Agua Prieta with Hermosillo .
Status asthmaticus is an acute exacerbation of asthma that does not respond to standard treatments of bronchodilators and corticosteroids .
They were able to bring Florence under their family 's power , allowing for an environment where art and humanism could flourish .
The word arse in English derives from the Germanic root \* arsaz , which originated from the Proto-Indo-European root \* ors - meaning buttocks or backside .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
In 1891 Charles Norman Fay , a Chicago businessman , invited Theodore Thomas to establish an orchestra in Chicago . Conducted by Theodore Thomas under the name '' Chicago Orchestra '' , the Orchestra played its first concert on October 16 , 1891 at the Auditorium Theatre .
The European eel and other freshwater eels are eaten in Europe , the United States , and other places around the world .
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila , or the University of the City of Manila ( PLM ) , is a municipal government-funded , tuition-free , university within the district of Intramuros in Manila , the Philippines .
It was discovered in Voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 , making it the first natural satellite to be discovered from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft , rather than through telescopic photography .
Orange City is located at .
After his brief return from exile , Napoleon was finally defeated in 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo , the monarchy was re-established ( 1815 - 1830 ) , but with new constitutional limitations .
Gluons hold quarks together with a force like that of electric charge , but of far greater power .
Miribel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The year 1793 saw Wordsworth 's first published poetry with the collections An Evening Walk and Descriptive Sketches .
The law implies that mass can not be created or destroyed , although it may be rearranged in space and changed into different types of particles ; and that for any chemical process in a closed system , the mass of the reactants must equal the mass of the products .
Colorado is part of the Western United States , the Mountain States , and the Southwestern United States .
The '' VNV '' in the name stands for Victory , not Vengeance , in keeping with the group 's motto , '' One should strive to achieve , not sit in bitter regret . ''
is a place in which people are physically confined and , usually , deprived of a range of personal freedoms .
While Bush was Governor of Texas , Gonzales had served as his general counsel , and subsequently he served as Secretary of State of Texas and then on the Texas Supreme Court .
As per an agreement with the two cities , the Ravens are officially regarded as a new 1996 team while the league 's official history and records views the Browns as one continuous franchise that began in , suspended operations from -- , and resumed play in with new players .
Most of its 3,500-plus staff are engaged in field operations , with only around 10 % in its headquarters .
Seiling is a city in Dewey County , Oklahoma , United States .
Large private banks need large amounts of dollars to adjust accounts and lend to customers .
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
Battle of Kressenbrunn : King Otakar II of Bohemia captures Styria from King Bela IV of Hungary .
Titsingh , Isaac .
It was revealed that the canister holds a brown buff and she officially joins Koror , while the challenges from there on out will be individual .
The flag made its first appearance on February 15 , 1965 ; the date is now celebrated annually as National Flag of Canada Day .
South America occupies the southern portion of the landmass sometimes referred to as the New World .
The Mexico national football team represents Mexico in international football competition and is managed by the Mexican Football Federation .
When Toussaint L'Ouverture took the eastern part of the Hispaniola island in the name of France , he gave the order to create the town of Barahona in 1802 as part of the Ozama Department .
It remained the country 's official flag during its time as a French protectorate , and was confirmed as the national flag of the Republic of Tunisia with the signing of the Constitution of Tunisia on 1 June 1959 .
Djeser-Djeseru sits atop a series of terraces that once were graced with lush gardens .
Raymond Thomas ( Ray ) Harford ( 1 June 1945 -- 9 August 2003 ) was an English footballer , better known for his successes as a coach and manager than as a player .
In September 1989 , Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on October 17 1989 , he was transferred to West Berlin .
Vintage maps and village drawings can be found at the Australian library online , as well as photos of the tattooed and pierced Ibedul of Koror and Ludee .
The use of taboo in English dates back to 1777 when English explorer , Captain James Cook , visited Tonga .
Matsya , the fish , appeared in the Satya Yuga .
Land values plummet , and credit is increased .
Sir Francis Forbes ( 1784 - 8 November 1841 ) was a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Newfoundland , and the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales .
at :2001 text : Sonic Adventure 2 ~ Sonic Adventure 2 Battle
If you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see .
Naphthalene , also known as naphthalin , bicyclo 4.4.0 deca-1 ,3,5,7,9 - pentene or antimite is a crystalline , aromatic , white , solid hydrocarbon with formula C10H8 and the structure of two fused benzene rings .
The Province of Bologna is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
The dealer shuffles the cards , the player on the chair to their right cuts , and the dealer deals the appropriate number of cards to the players one at a time , beginning with the player to their left .
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix , in the family Pinaceae .
Valery Gergiev Official website The '' Stars of the White Nights '' festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg , Anatoly Sobchak , and has been held annually since 1993 .
David Bisconti ( born 22 September 1968 ) is a retired Argentine football player who played 12 times for the Argentina national team .
He further argued that , as humans develop , they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development- first in the oral stage ( exemplified by an infant 's pleasure in nursing ) , then in the anal stage ( exemplified by a toddler 's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels ) , then in the phallic stage .
Philotheus Boehner , born Heinrich Boehner ( February 17 , 1901 -- May 22 , 1955 ) was a member of the Franciscan order and a distinguished medieval scholar .
He has also appeared in most installments of the Mario Party series .
He was born in Kaysersberg in the province of Elsass-Lothringen ( Alsace-Lorraine ) , at the time in the German Empire .
B-flat major is a suitable key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , tenor saxophone , soprano saxophone and the flutes in B-flat .
UK '' Mark 3 '' and '' Mark 4 '' after facelift ; Germany '' Fourth generation ''
But he added the scale of the disaster was such that '' we ca n't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs '' .
The Democratic Party ( , Demokratska stranka , ) is a political party in Serbia .
Despite his technique , he was unable to play without vibrato .
and Grohl grew up living with his mother .
Based on its organization , Ana is estimated to have become a tropical storm by 0000 UTC on April 21 .
Francium ( ; formerly known as eka-caesium and actinium K ) is a chemical element that has the symbol Fr and atomic number 87 .
Youngest son of duke Aleksandr duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich lost his older brother duke Anton Alekjsandrovich .
In 1901 a Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was established to serve the newly formed Federal Parliament of Australia .
Execution by electrocution ( usually referred to as the electric chair or simply the Chair after its method of implementation ) is an execution method originating in the United States in which the person being killed is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body .
QI ( Quite Interesting ) is a British comedy panel game television quiz show created and co-produced by John Lloyd , hosted by Stephen Fry , and featuring permanent panellist Alan Davies .
The railway to Mansfield reached the town from Tallarook in 1891 , and was closed on November 18 , 1978 .
Aubencheul-aux-Bois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
They are labelled Calomyscus bailwardi mystax or Calomyscus bailwardi , and probably represent either C. mystax or C. elburzensis .
It weakened slightly as it continued northwestward , and struck the Mexican mainland near Puerto Morelos , Quintana Roo , at 0330 UTC on October 22 , with winds of and gusts of up to .
She also won four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles .
Launched in March 2003 as an Australian Federal Government initiative , and originally proposed in 1998 , the website was actively updated until 31 March 2007 , at which point its role transferred to that of an archive .
Penske Racing is a racing team that competes in the IndyCar Series and NASCAR .
While it was praised for its unique style and timeless artistry , its simple vector graphics proved difficult to market and the game was never afforded a release in North America .
It is the 2018th year of Common Era ( also called Anno Domini ) , the 18th of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century and the 9th of the 2010s .
For the original incarnations of the Northern League , which operated between 1902 and 1971 , see Northern League ( baseball , 1902-71 )
Soon after Hermias ' death , Aristotle was invited by Philip II of Macedon to become the tutor to his son Alexander the Great in 343 BC .
It was created to improve the coordination between the local authorities in Greater London , and the Mayor of London 's role is to give London a single person to represent it .
The red allotrope does not spontaneously ignite in air and is not as dangerous as the white form .
It is difficult to assess Schidlof 's separate contribution to the Amadeus , so much were the four a team , but his nickname '' Eagle ears '' shows just how insistent he always was on technical accuracy .
Young was once quoted as saying , '' Some may have thought it was essential to know how to curve a ball before anything else .
Memorials CNN September 11 Memorial - List of victims , and photos .
This movement was founded by Joseph Smith , Jr. , in the 1830s and 1840s , and Mormonism represents the branch of that movement led by Brigham Young after Smith 's death .
Retrieved on 2009-02-23 .
They bring the chariot to Ares ' Temple on the Intrepid , an aircraft carrier that has since now become a museum .
website = www.eku.edu
T cells belong to a group of white blood cells known as lymphocytes , and play a central role in cell-mediated immunity .
The NHL first expanded into the United States in 1924 with the founding of the Boston Bruins , and by 1926 consisted of ten teams in Ontario , Quebec , the Great Lakes region , and the Northeastern United States .
Brian Boitano won the gold medal , defeating Orser by .10 of a point .
Prior to 1947 , it was a part of the Kashmir and Jammu area , it comes under the Jammu section which is part of the greater dispute between India and Pakistan .
In geometry , the parallel postulate , also called Euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid 's Elements , is a distinctive axiom in Euclidean geometry .
There is some uncertainty as to its spectral class .
In the United Kingdom , '' unitary authorities '' are English or Welsh local authorities set up by the Local Government Act 1992 which form a single tier of local government , and are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas .
In related uses , relief may also refer to :
It also include the same date ( and time ) duplicated in a hidden ( by CSS ) ISO date format , for use in microformats . This hidden date degrades gracefully when CSS is not available .
Poliomyelitis , often called polio or infantile paralysis , is an acute viral infectious disease spread from person to person , primarily via the fecal-oral route .
Rowling said in the same interview that until about halfway through the third book , his good friend Hermione Granger- written as the smartest student in Harry 's year- would have beaten Harry in a magical duel .
Youth Empowerment Scheme , a children 's charity in Belfast , Northern Ireland
January 1 -- Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) countries to establish and introduce monetary union .
The fundamental materials of modern tires are synthetic rubber , natural rubber , fabric , and wire , along with other compound chemicals .
An intensive care unit ( ICU ) , critical care unit ( CCU ) , intensive therapy unit , or intensive treatment unit ( ITU ) is a specialized department in a hospital that provides intensive-care medicine .
Zwischbergen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Each restaurant bakes and finishes the product throughout the day .
Organic matter ( or organic material ) is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
Born in Zagazig to a Coptic Christian family , Moussa was known for his wide interest in science and culture , as well as his firm belief in the human intellect as a guarantor of progress and prosperity .
March 6 & ndash ; Anthony Carelli , Canadian professional wrestler
Ligron is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
September 10 & ndash ; John the Fearless , Duke of Burgundy is assassinated by adherents of the Dauphin .
The Christian Biblical canon is the set of books Christians regard as divinely inspired and thus constituting the Christian Bible .
BlackBerry OS is second at 28 % , and iOS is ranked third with 22 % .
Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
English art historian Douglas Cooper describes three phases of Cubism in his seminal book , The Cubist Epoch .
When the offer came for Romney to take over the troubled 2002 Olympic Winter Games , to be held in Salt Lake City in Utah , she urged him to take it , and eager for a new challenge , he did . On February 11 , 1999 , Romney was hired as the new president and CEO of the Salt Lake Organizing Committee .
Ayers participated in the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970 , the United States Capitol building in 1971 , and the Pentagon in 1972 , as he noted in his 2001 book , Fugitive Days .
With his help , she was signed to LaFace Records , and went on to become a successful artist , selling more than eight million albums worldwide and having numerous top ten hits .
The naming is not rigidly standardized .
Encephalitis is an acute inflammation of the brain .
Travelcards can be purchased for a period of time varying from one day to a year , from Transport for London , National Rail and their agents .
He followed Jim Jim Creek down from the Arnhem Land escarpment , then went down the South Alligator before crossing to the East Alligator and proceeding north .
NHL career After the World Hockey Association folded in 1979 , the Edmonton Oilers and three other teams joined the NHL .
These remains were dated between 300,000 and 125,000 years old .
These cities were Havana , Istanbul , Leipzig , London , Madrid , Moscow , New York , Paris and Rio de Janeiro .
Lita then hit Foley in between the legs with a barbed wire bat and lit the table which then allowed Edge to perform a spear on Foley through the ring ropes through the flaming table on the outside . He then pinned Foley for the victory .
Calcite is a common constituent of sedimentary rocks , limestone in particular , much of which is formed from the shells of dead marine organisms . Approximately 10 % of sedimentary rock is limestone .
Behind the Paint was originally released in July 2003 , with a revised second edition released in August 2004 .
While a prisoner , he witnessed the fire bombing of Dresden in February 1945 which destroyed most of the city .
All have white eyelashes and one of six different eyecolors .
There are other points of tension between quantum mechanics and general relativity . There are a number of proposed quantum gravity theories .
Image : Stamp album sleeve .
The first Portuguese governor is appointed to Macau .
Vaudricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Notes See also Chaos theory Conservation law Conservation of mass Groundwater energy balance Laws of thermodynamics Noether 's theorem Principles of energetics Uncertainty principle Energy transformation Energy quality References Modern accounts Goldstein , Martin , and Inge F. , 1993 .
