Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
The capital and largest city is Thimphu .
Gifted education ( also known as Gifted and Talented Education ( GATE ) , Talented and Gifted ( TAG ) , or G\/T ) is a broad term for special practices , procedures and theories used in the education of children who have been identified as gifted or talented .
All of the site 's content is covered by the GNU Free Documentation License .
Anaconda installer is used by RHEL , Fedora and a number of other projects , Anaconda offers a text-mode and GUI mode , so users can install on a wide range of systems .
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is the Australian Federal Government agency responsible for managing the security and integrity of the Australian border , facilitating the movement of legitimate international travellers and goods , and collecting border related duties and taxes .
Juan Gutiérrez Moreno , aka Juanito ( born July 23 , 1976 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid , as a central defender .
He becomes the Source of All Evil and gets Phoebe pregnant . Phoebe eventually comes to her senses and vanquishes Cole for good with her sisters .
At first stumped for material , John realizes the misadventures of Marley might be the perfect topic for his first piece .
Hindko is widely spoken throughout the area , Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here .
Grand Prix des Nations ( 1953 , 1954 , 1955 , 1956 ,
Municipal Code , by-law 218-2003 .
Hato Mayor ( , greater cattle-raising district ) is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Saint-Germain-du-Puch is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Body Language : 7 Easy Lessons to Master the Silent Language .
The jellyfish in these groups are also called , respectively , scyphomedusae , stauromedusae , cubomedusae , and hydromedusae .
Internal surface .
He won the 1938 AVRO tournament , which led to negotiations for a World Championship match against Alexander Alekhine , but the match never took place due to World War II .
Under the microscope , lymphocytes can be divided into large granular lymphocytes and small lymphocytes .
The 1932 -- 33 NHL season was the sixteenth season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The parentheses are now often dropped , as in 90377 Sedna , according to the preference of the astronomer or journal .
Approximately 22,000 Shell employees are based in the U.S. . The head office in the U.S. is in Houston , Texas .
Often it also contains symbiotic algae , especially zooxanthellae , which provide most of the cell 's energy .
Louis de France , Son of France , Duke of Burgundy ( duc de Bourgogne ) , and later Dauphin of France ( 16 August 1682 -- 18 February 1712 ) was the eldest son of Louis , Dauphin of France , known as le Grand Dauphin and , as such , was known as le Petit Dauphin .
Mosaic is the art of creating images with an assemblage of small pieces of colored glass , stone , or other materials .
The 2007 - 08 Nashville Predators season began October 4 , 2007 . It was the Nashville Predators ninth season in the National Hockey League .
Theodor Schwann ( 7 December 1810 , Neuss -- 11 January 1882 ) was a German physiologist .
Lillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Presles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ironically , although a weak El Nino was emerging during the summer , the season was well above average in activity , with fifteen named storms and one of the highest Accumulated Cyclone Energy totals ever observed .
Robert Nozick ( November 16 , 1938 - January 23 , 2002 ) was an American political philosopher , most prominent in the 1970s and 1980s .
Benton County is a county located in the south-central portion of the U.S. state of Washington .
In 2004 , Barcelona hosted the first Universal Forum of Cultures : Barcelona 2004 , which lasted 141 days and established the event as the major global gathering for arts , culture and dialogues .
Here , the alignment of U.S. 101 ` shifts ' to the alignment of SR 134 ( i.e. heading northbound , the road 's alignment turns left , or westbound ) and thereafter is referred to as the Ventura Freeway until it reaches Ventura .
It is known in some parts of the world as '' soccer '' ; a derivative of the word '' association '' .
His film credits include Mail Bonding (/O1995/O) , Deliver Us From Eva (/O2003/O) , The Goldfish (/O2003/O) and Run Ronnie Run (/O2002/O) .
Septmonts is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Oliver Martin Johnston , Jr. ( October 31 , 1912 -- April 14 , 2008 ) was an American motion picture animator .
An unexpected residue caught his eye , which turned out to be the first aniline dye -- specifically , Perkin 's mauve or mauveine , sometimes called aniline purple .
Auckland lies between the Hauraki Gulf of the Pacific Ocean to the east , the low Hunua Ranges to the south-east , the Manukau Harbour to the south-west , and the Waitakere Ranges and smaller ranges to the west and north-west .
Some etymologists believe it comes from a dialectal pronunciation of the Portuguese '' bandore '' or from an early anglicisation of the Spanish word '' bandurria '' , though other research suggests that it may come from a Senegambian term for a bamboo stick formerly used for the instrument 's neck .
International Fighting League www.ifl.tv ;
The Moral Code was adopted at the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
Shark skin was also used as a sandpaper .
Decisive defeat of Persian forces at the Battle of Nineveh .
There are six metropolitan counties , which each cover large urban areas , typically with populations of 1.2 to 2.8 million .
The office of Chief Minister was abolished on 1 July 1970 when President Yahya Khan took over the administration of West Pakistan .
In 2006 , he featured in the ITV1 drama The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant and in 2009 starred in the film The Boat That Rocked .
In 1802 the Edgeworth family went abroad , first to Brussels and then to Consulate France ( during the Peace of Amiens , a brief lull in the Napoleonic Wars ) .
Female convicts were assigned as servants in free settler households or sent to a female factory ( women 's workhouse prison ) .
Raymond has been the recipient of grants from the U.S. Department of State , the U.S. National Institute of Justice , the Ford Foundation , the United States Information Agency , the National Science Foundation , the Norwegian Organization for Research and Development ( NORAD ) , and UNESCO .
The Bishop 's Mausoleum is located at Mount Carmel Cemetery , designed by William J. Brinkmann is the final resting places of the Bishops and Archbishops of Chicago .
The American Museum of Natural History ( AMNH ) , located on the Upper West Side , Manhattan , New York , USA , is one of the largest and most celebrated museums in the world .
Stallman wanted this because he had a problem with software hoarding before .
Canapville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Joseph Riddick Hendrick III ( born July 12 , 1949 ) , better known as Rick Hendrick , is the current owner of the American NASCAR team , Hendrick Motorsports and founder of the Hendrick Automotive Group and Hendrick Marrow Program .
Its existence coincided with the Irish War of Independence of 1919 -- 1922 between the Irish Republican Army and the forces of the United Kingdom .
After a Tech punt , Alabama fair-caught the ball .
Reception A Vulcan Statue located in Birmingham , Alabama is the largest cast iron statue in the world .
The Armenian Legion ( ) was the name given to the 812th Armenian Battalion , which was a foreign unit of the Nazi Germany during World War II , comprised largely POW Armenians of the Red Army , under the leadership of Drastamat Kanayan .
Sanders 's description contributed to what biographer Eric Ives calls the '' monster legend '' of Anne Boleyn .
La Celle-sous-Montmirail is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Oleh Fedorovych '' Oleg '' Tverdovsky ( ; born May 18 , 1976 ) is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Billie Holiday ( born Eleanora Fagan , April 7 , 1915 - July 17 , 1959 ) was an American jazz singer and songwriter .
Perhaps most famously , the main part of Nicolaus Copernicus 's work was published in Nuremberg in 1543 .
He is currently signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , but is inactive due to an injury .
Chinese Chow Mein
The 921 earthquake ( ) , also known as the 1999 Jiji earthquake ( ) or simply 921 ( ) , was a magnitude 7.6 earthquake which occurred at 1:47 local time ( 17:47 UTC ) on September 21 , 1999 in Jiji ( Chichi , ) , Nantou County , Taiwan .
Proximity to land prevented strengthening , and early on November 10 it made landfall near Puerto Cabezas , Nicaragua .
One or two elderly Chinese and Indians still lived in Adelong in the 1950s .
Golant ( ) is a small village in the parish of St Sampson on the banks of the Fowey estuary in Cornwall , England , UK .
A Cage of Nightingales ( French : La Cage aux rossignols ) is a 1945 French film directed by Jean Dréville .
Cutry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1741 Duke Ernest Augustus I of Saxe-Weimar inheritated the Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach .
Hornets are the largest eusocial wasps ; some species can reach up to 5.5 c in length .
Juillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Sassanid Empire ( also spelled Sasanid Empire , Sassanian Empire , or Sasanian Empire ) , known to its inhabitants as r nshahr and r n , was the last pre-Islamic Persian Empire , ruled by the Sasanian Dynasty from 224 to 651 .
February 24 & ndash ; Martin W. Bates , U.S. Senator from Delaware ( d. 1869 )
The Greeks hold a day of funeral games , and Achilles gives out the prizes . Dismayed by Achilles 's continued abuse of Hector 's body , Zeus decides that it must be returned to Priam .
Subsequently , the final episode aired on 29 August 2010 .
Interbrand competition was kept to a minimum , with superstars from all brands competing together only at pay-per-view events .
The following year , Alfred Wallenstein was chosen by Mudd to lead the orchestra .
The 1951 Formula One season was the second season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
According to the Biography of Cao Man , Cao 's uncle often complained to Cao Song about Cao Cao 's indulgence in hunting and music with Yuan Shao . In retaliation , Cao Cao feigned a fit before his uncle one day , who immediately rushed to inform Cao Song .
Summer , one of the temperate seasons
They also reveal that Kevin 's father left once he heard his son had a birth defect .
Serenity won film of the year awards from Film 2005 and FilmFocus .
The oldest surviving manuscripts of the Athanasian Creed date from the late 8th century .
The next edition is to be held in Brazil in 2014 .
Another 9 to 12 years is required for the second harvest , and a tree can be harvested twelve times in its lifetime .
Satoru Asari is a retired Japanese footballer who played for F.C. Tokyo .
On June 6 , 2006 The Church of Satan held the first public ritual Satanic Mass in 40 years at the Steve Allen Theater in the Center for Inquiry in Los Angeles .
Because the Komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm , it can not suck water when drinking , nor can it lap water with its tongue .
Afterwards he became conductor of several orchestras , including a period as music director of the orchestra in Karlsruhe from 1926 to 1933 .
The Houston Air Route Traffic Control Center stands on the George Bush Intercontinental Airport grounds . The second-largest commercial airport is William P. Hobby Airport ( named Houston International Airport until 1967 ) which operates primarily small to medium-haul domestic flights .
It may form some bubbles during cooking , which results in a pale pancake with dark spots where the bubbles were , but the pancake does not rise .
November 21 , 1994 35 The Strike Maxwell and Fran attract unwanted press attention due to an incident on the opening night of Maxwell 's latest play : Maxwell forces Fran to cross a picket line .
While coping with these new abilities , each of the characters is drawn , willingly or unwillingly , into the Company 's conspiracy to control superpowered people and into a race to stop an explosion from destroying New York City .
Cadmium chloride is a white crystalline compound of cadmium and chlorine , with the formula CdCl2 .
Manuel dos Santos Fernandes ( born 28 March 1974 ) , known as Dos Santos , is a former French footballer , who played as a left defender .
They can be taught dance routines and remember them .
The series became one of Fox 's top shows when it began its next season that fall .
Athena , an armed warrior goddess , appears in Greek mythology as a helper of many heroes , including Odysseus , Jason , and Heracles .
Jean 's father , Albert Balukas , along with his partner , professional player Frank McGown , was the proprietor of a forty-eight-table pool hall called the Ovington Lounge in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn , New York .
Some refer to the event as the Medieval Climatic Anomaly as this term emphasizes that effects other than temperature were important .
They were part of the German heavy\/speed\/power metal scene to emerge in the early to mid 1980s , along with bands like Helloween and Running Wild .
In 2006 , he played a recurring role on the final season of The O.C and guest-starred in the sitcom Two and a Half Men .
In March 2005 , around 8,000 Christians attended a gathering at the stadium , the largest act of Christian worship in Suffolk , since American evangelist Billy Graham used Portman Road on part of his Mission England Tour in 1984 .
Technical terminology is the specialized vocabulary of a field , the nomenclature .
In addition , she composed the music for the song '' homegirl '' released on '' Te wo Tsunaide '' .
The original text of Schubert 's song is from Sir Walter Scott 's The Lady of the Lake and was translated into German by Adam Storck ; it opens with the greeting '' Ave Maria '' ( '' Hail Mary '' ) , but is not a setting of the traditional Ave Maria prayer .
Confrontations with them can be utterly demoralizing and make people want to abandon Wikipedia .
In 1993 , Roh 's successor , Kim Young-sam , led an anti-corruption campaign that saw Roh and Chun Doo-hwan on trial for bribery .
link
Tjako van Schie ( Coevorden , 17 april 1961 ) is a Dutch pianist and composer .
There are three types of granulocytes : neutrophils , basophils , and eosinophils , which are named according to their staining properties .
It was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope 's English home at the request of LeRoy Pope .
Mount Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok .
Austen 's plots , though comic , highlight the way women depend on marriage to secure social standing and economic security .
The nearest star to the Earth , apart from the Sun , is Proxima Centauri , which is 39.9 trillion ( 1012 ) kilometres , or 4.2 light-years away .
The harpsichord was widely used in Renaissance and Baroque music .
The organisation has been responsible for a number of bombings in Northern Ireland and England , including the 15 August 1998 Omagh bombing , which killed 29 people .
On 23 November 1961 Warhol wrote Latow a check for $ 50 which , according to the 2009 Warhol biography , Pop , The Genius of Warhol , was payment for coming up with the idea of the soup cans as subject matter .
Hollywood cerise In the 1950s , a popular brand of colored pencils , Venus Paradise , had a colored pencil called Hollywood cerise which was this color .
More than two decades after the release of the original Star Wars , the series continued with the long-awaited prequel trilogy ; consisting of ' , released on May 19 , 1999 , ' , released on May 16 , 2002 , and ' , released on May 19 , 2005 .
Heitor Villa-Lobos ( March 5 , 1887 -- November 17 , 1959 ) was a Brazilian composer , described as '' the single most significant creative figure in 20th-century Brazilian art music '' .
The encyclopedia was later updated under the auspices of The Catholic University of America and a 17-volume New Catholic Encyclopedia was first published in 1967 , and then in 2002 .
The Youth Olympic Games were conceived by IOC president Jacques Rogge in 2001 and approved during the 119th Congress of the IOC .
In contrast , in endothermic reactions , heat is consumed from the environment .
Barry ( formerly Worcester ) is a city in Pike County , Illinois , United States .
Studies have shown that the lobster eye is formed with a reflective structure atop a convex retina .
On 22 October 2006 Cavergno lost its status as an independent municipality when together with the village of Bignasco it was incorporated into the municipality of Cevio .
Portman Road was home to Ipswich Town 's first Football League match on 27 August 1938 , a 4 -- 2 victory against Southend United in Division Three ( South ) witnessed by more than 19,000 spectators .
Although the term the Silk Road implies a continuous journey , very few who traveled the route traversed it from end to end .
Hibiscus syriacus is the national flower of South Korea .
Day as a holiday in its own right .
Habitat & Diet Potoroos live under dense bushes and shrubs .
Walter Edward Guinness , 1st Baron Moyne DSO & Bar PC ( 29 March 1880 -- 6 November 1944 ) was a Anglo-Irish politician and businessman .
Although there were several more popular second-party launch titles , including NFL Fever 2002 , Project Gotham Racing , and Dead or Alive 3 , the early public reputation of the Xbox was damaged by the failure of ' and other games designed and marketed by Microsoft .
Adriano Leite Ribeiro ( born February 17 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as simply Adriano , is a Brazilian football striker who is currently on the books of Roma and is also a current member of the Brazilian national team .
Gambino lived to the age of 74 , when he died of a heart attack in bed , '' in a state of grace '' , according to a priest who had given him the Last Rites of the Catholic Church .
Artikel 5 Article 5 This law takes effect with the day of its proclamation .
Earth 's mantle is an about 2,970 km thick ( ~ 1,800 mi ) rocky shell that constitutes about 84 percent of Earth 's volume .
The International Society for Krishna Consciousness ( ISKCON ) , also known as the Hare Krishna movement , is a Hindu Gaudiya Vaishnava religious organization .
Retail banking - the main aspect of Santander 's operations - generates 82 % of the group 's profit .
Hideki Uchidate is a Japanese former football defender .
The earliest evidence of fundamentally bipedal hominids can be observed at the site of Laetoli in Tanzania .
Undated Estimation : Beijing becomes the largest city of the world , taking the lead from Istanbul .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
Satellite imagery late on September 3 depicted a well-defined curved band wrapping around much of the circulation .
John Taverner ( c. 1490 18 October 1545 ) was an English composer and organist , regarded as the most important English composer of his era .
From 1936 to 1991 , the competition was held as a regional tournament within the USSR .
Loches-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
George Corley Wallace , Jr. ( August 25 , 1919 September 13 , 1998 ) , was a Governor of Alabama for four terms ; 1963 1967 , 1971 1979 and 1983 1987 .
In August 2009 , he was honored by Time Magazine by being named # 2 on its list of the 10 Best Electric Guitar Players of All-Time .
The district of Saint-Maurice is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Kelly 's Top 40 singles on the National charts have been his 1980s releases '' Billy Baxter '' , '' Before Too Long '' , '' Darling it Hurts '' , '' To Her Door '' and '' Dumb Things '' , and his 2000 single '' Roll on Summer '' .
Some undemolished remains of one tower of the fort were discovered during excavation for the Métro ( rail mass-transit system ) in 1899 , and were moved to a park ( the Square Henri-Galli ) a few hundred meters away , where they are displayed today .
True Buddha News ( Edition 609 , page 2 ) Today he lives in Redmond , Washington .
Club Atlético Nueva Chicago , an Argentine football club
Craonnelle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
National Children 's Book and Literacy Alliance website The Patersons continue to live in Barre , Vermont , and Dr. Paterson has retired as pastor of the First Presbyterian Church .
After rolling back an edit , automatically open the contributions of the user rolled back .
West New York is a town in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States , situated upon the New Jersey Palisades .
However there are female lay clerks in Dublin .
Funaki started as a shoot style wrestler in Yoshiaki Fujiwara 's Pro Wrestling Fujiwara Gumi promotion and moved to its successor promotion , Battlarts .
Despite only playing in his natural position on few occasions , Miller still ended the season with 12 goals , and ended the season as top scorer - the third time in Wolves last three Championship campaigns .
Das Rheingold , considerably shorter than its three successors , consists of four scenes performed without a break .
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice Islam in its pristine form ; however , Ahmadiyya views on certain beliefs in Islam have been controversial to mainstream Muslims since the movement 's birth .
Scots Confession (/O1560/O) ,
Z.M. Packman , '' Feminine Role Designations in the Comedies of Plautus , '' The American Journal of Philology 120.2 .
Ed .
Tashkent ( ; ) is the capital of Uzbekistan and also of the Tashkent Province .
February 5 & ndash ; In Edinburgh , Scotland claimant King Charles II of England is declared King in his absence .
Warlencourt-Eaucourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dodd took over the Georgia Tech football program following Coach Alexander 's retirement in 1944 .
Goldblum 's strong supporting roles include those in Invasion of the Body Snatchers (/O1978/O) , The Big Chill (/O1983/O) , Into the Night (/O1985/O) , Jurassic Park (/O1993/O) , and he also had strong supporting roles in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (/O2004/O) and the cult films The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the Eighth Dimension (/O1984/O) and Igby Goes Down (/O2002/O) .
Geology Geologic evidence indicates that the Gulf of California came into being 5.3 million years ago as tectonic forces rifted the Baja California Peninsula off of the North American Plate .
Almondvale Stadium is the home ground of Scottish Third Division team Livingston F.C. . It has a capacity of 10,016 .
The name Brachychiton is derived from the Greek brachys , short , and chiton , tunic , in referring to its loose seed coats .
In a massacre carried out by German troops : the Reserve Police Battalion 101 , some 800-1000 Jews , among them women and children , were taken to a nearby forest and slaughtered .
As of the 2000 U.S. Census , the city population was 12,708 and is about sixteen miles away from Angleton .
While both men and women , in Western culture , are generally expected to keep their genitals covered at all times , women are also expected to keep their breasts covered .
It is a powerful psychoactive drug and one of the oldest recreational drugs .
Along with Kenny Clarke and Max Roach , he was one of the inventors of the modern bebop style of drumming .
Firth is a city in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
Business models Brothels use a variety of business models : In some , the prostitutes are held in involuntary servitude without the option to leave , '' Liberating sex slaves in India '' , New Internationalist , Issue 390 , June 2006 .
Places in Berwickshire include Ayton , Coldingham , Coldstream , Duns , Earlston , Eyemouth , Foulden , Greenlaw , Lauder ( former seat of the county Commissariat ) , Mordington , St. Abbs , and Swinton .
The central characters are the Reverend Eric Camden ( Stephen Collins ) , his wife Annie ( Catherine Hicks ) , and their seven children : Matt ( Barry Watson ) , Mary ( Jessica Biel ) , Lucy ( Beverley Mitchell ) , Simon ( David Gallagher ) , Ruthie ( Mackenzie Rosman ) and the twins , David ( Lorenzo Brino ) and Sam ( Nikolas Brino ) .
The storm became more organized and was named Tropical Storm Enrique the next day at an unusually high latitude .
Example Here is a small example of a regular crossword , to illustrate the format : 1 2 3 4 5 Across 1 .
However , the archipelagos of Kinmen and Matsu are under the control of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Its scales , some of which are reinforced with bone , have sensory plaques connected to nerves that facilitate its sense of touch .
The Cleveland Browns began play in 1946 as a charter member of the All-America Football Conference ( AAFC ) and joined the NFL in 1950 after the AAFC folded .
Orthodoxy is opposed to heterodoxy ( '' other teaching '' ) , heresy and schism .
Starting on Epitaph records with their first self titled LP , DBL continued on Epitaph until '' Last of the Sharpshooters '' in 1997 .
On the night of 14 April 1912 , during the ship 's maiden voyage , Titanic hit an iceberg and sank two hours and forty minutes later , early on 15 April 1912 .
The head of the Library is the Librarian of Congress , currently James H. Billington .
The season officially began on June 1 , 1983 , and lasted until November 30 , 1983 .
The Clackamas dialect became extinct in the 1930s , other dialects have little documentation .
For other uses , see State .
For fear that Louis XIII would die early , they said that if this was the case , she would return to Spain with her dowry , jewels , and wardrobe .
In 1921 he fell '' very much in love '' with Lydia Lopokova , a well-known Russian ballerina , and one of the stars of Serge Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
Battle of Renty : French forces led by Francis , Duke of Guise turn back an invasion of Picardy by Charles V. Undated Mikael Agricola becomes the bishop of Turku .
It is not known whether there are others between them .
A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles , and allows the visiting team 's coach to enter the stadium directly .
In 1997 , Sarah McLachlan married her drummer , Ashwin Sood , in Jamaica .
Appin is the birthplace of John Fuller ( aka Dan Morgan ) .
It is from this work , perhaps , that his love of the theater originated .
In New Zealand , Australia and South Africa the whole apparatus is known as a coffee plunger and coffee brewed in it as plunger coffee .
Metalocalypse is an American animated television series on Adult Swim created by Brendon Small and Tommy Blacha that premiered on August 4 , 2006 .
The show began its 21st series on 15 November 2007 with Simon Amstell as host and Phill Jupitus and Bill Bailey as team captains , although Noel Fielding temporarily replaced Bill Bailey for three episodes of series 21 .
The first Maronite Patriarch , John Maron , was elected in the late 7th century .
He was also a collector of English folk music and song which influenced his editorial approach to the English Hymnal , beginning in 1904 , containing many folk song arrangements set as hymn tunes , in addition to several original compositions .
Manchester has formal twinning arrangements ( or '' friendship agreements '' ) with several places .
Two different factors seem to have influenced him : his experience working on logarithmic tables and existing work on calculating machines carried out by Blaise Pascal , and Gottfried Leibniz .
Carter defined two forms of the Anthropic Principle , a '' weak '' one which referred only to anthropic selection of privileged spacetime locations in the universe , and a more controversial '' strong '' form which addressed the values of the fundamental constants of physics .
The pro cycling team was founded in the beginning of 2006 , taking over the UCI ProTeam license of Team Domina Vacanze . The main sponsor is the Milram brand of the Bremen based Nordmilch company .
Slide projectors were common in the 1950s to the 1970s as a form of entertainment ; family members and friends would gather to view slideshows .
This is the most common cause , , frequently seen in the winter and also associated with older age , frequent bathing in hot showers or baths , and high-temperature and low-humidity environments .
These include many easily recognizable phenomena , such as lightning and static electricity , but in addition , less familiar concepts , such as the electromagnetic field and electromagnetic induction .
The Gilbert-Einasleigh River is named after him , as is Gilbert 's Potoroo ( Potorous gilberti ) .
Known as a Flame Pokémon , Charizard are violent yet honorable creatures that fly proudly around the sky and constantly seek powerful opponents to quarrel with .
Ascension to presidency Syngman Rhee , the first president of the Republic of Korea , was forced out of office on April 26 , 1960 as an aftermath of the April 19 Movement , a student-led uprising .
In 1862 , when Fiume was implicated in participation in protests against the Austrian Empire , he was suspended and sentenced to one month in prison as an enemy of the regime .
Chagas disease ( , , mal de Chagas in both languages ; also called American trypanosomiasis ) is a tropical parasitic disease caused by the flagellate protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi .
Typically , a groove is used to house the panels in frame and panel construction and the bottoms of drawers .
In 2005 , the USDA and FDA lifted the ban , provided the peppercorns are heated to around 70 degrees Celsius ( 160 degrees Fahrenheit ) to kill the canker bacteria before import .
Taylor , Michigan
He holds a B.A. ( 1967 ) from the University of California , Riverside and a Ph. . D. ( 1971 ) from Harvard University .
The Greater Berlin Act was passed by the Prussian parliament on 27 April 1920 and came into effect on 1 October of the same year .
The Lancia Thema was an executive car produced by the Italian automaker Lancia between 1984 and 1994 , and was one of four cars to share the '' Type Four '' chassis alongside the Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 .
After almost a decade apart , Eurythmics reformed in the late 1990s to record their ninth album , Peace which was released in late 1999 . They reunited again in 2005 to release the single '' I 've Got a Life '' , as part of a new Eurythmics compilation album , Ultimate Collection .
'' Spawned by the scuzzy , gay nightlife scene of New York '' , Hannaford , Alex (/O2005/O) .
Pierrepont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Bayswater is a London Underground station in the Bayswater area of the City of Westminster .
Chad Robert Kroeger ( born Chad Robert Turton on ) is a Canadian songwriter , singer , and guitarist best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist for the Canadian rock band Nickelback .
It first premiered on TV Tokyo from 1980 to 1981 , followed by two feature films in 1982 , and was later broadcast in Japan by the satellite TV network Animax from September 2006 .
Enid Mary Blyton ( 11 August 1897 & ndash ; 28 November 1968 ) was an English children 's writer known as both Enid Blyton and Mary Pollock .
It also operates Hyles-Anderson College , a non-accredited institution , and two K-12 schools , called City Baptist Schools ( for children of the bus route of the church ) and Hammond Baptist Schools ( for children of the members of the church ) .
He was created a knight , and the first Baronet of Highnam in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1902 .
The Province of Mendoza is a province of Argentina , located in the western central part of the country in the Cuyo region .
A country is a geographical region , often meaning a political division or state .
After retiring from NASA in 1970 he took a job in the Department of State as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs .
Mrs. Brisby , a shy and timid field mouse , lives in a cinder block with her children on the Fitzgibbons ' farm .
Genus Scotinomys - Brown Mice
H. floresiensis , which lived from approximately 100,000 to 12,000 before present , has been nicknamed hobbit for its small size , possibly a result of insular dwarfism .
Biography Grieg was born in Bergen , Norway on 15 June 1843 .
It is composed of three even more fundamental particles comprising two up quarks and one down quark .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and First Vienna FC won the championship .
Starr Gate is also immediately adjacent to Blackpool International Airport .
Companies like MakeMyTrip , Google , CII , Oriental Cuisines and many others have committed support .
The Sanacja movement controlled Poland until the start of World War II in 1939 , when Nazi Germany invaded on 1 September and the Soviet invasion of Poland followed by breaking the Soviet -- Polish Non-Aggression Pact on 17 September .
Escoffier published Le Guide Culinaire , which is still used as a major reference work , both in the form of a cookbook and a textbook on cooking .
Arnold Vosloo as High Priest Imhotep : One of Pharaoh Seti I 's most trusted advisers , Imhotep betrays his sovereign out of love for Anck-su-namun .
KZ Herzogenbusch near Vught , Kamp Amersfoort near Amersfoort , and a '' Jewish assembly camp '' at Westerbork ; there were a number of other camps variously controlled by the military , the police , the SS or Seyss-lnquart 's administration .
The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year 2292 -- in July of that year , Cruithne will approach Earth to about 12500000 k.
Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali , Indonesia near Candidasa .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon (/O1973/O) , Wish You Were Here (/O1975/O) , Animals (/O1977/O) , and The Wall (/O1979/O) with all of them peaking at number one on the United States record chart with the exception of Animals .
In 2008 , Auckland was classified as an Alpha-City in the World Cities Study Group 's inventory by Loughborough University , the only one in the country .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
There are approximately 1,000 stone circles and 80 stone henges in Britain and Ireland .
Created by Hideo Kojima , Metal Gear is Konami 's main franchise and has sold approximately 26.5 million units as of February 2009 . Introduced in the first game of the series , Metal Gear ( 1987 ) , Snake has appeared in the majority of subsequent games and spin-offs .
They were part of the German heavy\/speed\/power metal scene to emerge in the early to mid 1980s , along with bands like Helloween and Running Wild .
Dr. Norbert Lammert ( born November 16 , 1948 in Bochum ) is a German politician ( CDU ) .
By the 1891 conference , significant momentum had been built for the federalist cause , and discussion turned to the proper system of government for a federal state .
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
She went to high school in Sydney .
Born in London , he went to Sevenoaks SchoolSevenoaks School and then studied three dimensional design at Manchester Polytechnic and at the Royal College of Art , winning several prizes .
Griffin , Bruce W. (/O1996/O) , '' The Paleographical Dating of P-46 '' Some leaves are part of the Chester Beatty Biblical Papyri , and others are in the University of Michigan Papyrus Collection .
Google Earth is a virtual globe , map and geographic information program that was originally called Earth Viewer , and was created by Keyhole , Inc , a company acquired by Google in 2004 .
Ars Amatoria ( '' The Art of Love '' ) , three books ; first two books published 1 BC , the third book was published later .
It is the second book published in the Redwall series , though the third chronologically .
The next season he finished as top scorer in the 2006 -- 07 Premier League with 20 goals and also scored the winning goals in the 2007 League Cup and FA Cup finals .
It alone has parliamentary sovereignty , conferring upon it ultimate power over all other political bodies in the UK and its territories .
The commune is the lowest level of administrative division in the French Republic .
In blizzard conditions , snowmobile enthusiasts have been mobilized .
It is not uncommon for the most luxurious ships to have more crew and staff than passengers .
Although Velappan was serving the British , he informed Chinnamalai and warned him in advance of the British activities through some secret messengers .
However , some species have orange or red on their bodies , or may be entirely black .
In the last few days before the march , of rain had fallen , leaving the roads muddy and travel difficult .
The National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) 's archive on Tropical Storm Andres
The program has aired for 26 years in its home market of New York City in its current format , and 21 years nationwide .
A large , bulky herbivore , Iguanodon is a member of Iguanodontia , along with the duck-billed hadrosaurs .
Shaktoolik is located at .
Ultrasonic cleaners , sometimes mistakenly called supersonic cleaners , are used at frequencies from 20 to 40 kHz for jewellery , lenses and other optical parts , watches , dental instruments , surgical instruments , diving regulators and industrial parts .
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis , renal toxicity , and seizures .
'' Malabar plum '' may also refer to other species of Syzygium .
Yugoslavia ( Croatian , Serbian , Slovene : Jugoslavija ; Macedonian , Serbian Cyrillic : ) is a term that describes three political entities that existed successively on the western part of Balkan Peninsula in Europe , during most of the 20th century .
where N ` k denotes the number of k-faces in the polytope ( a vertex is a 0-face , an edge is a 1-face , etc. ) .
In 1993 the Swiss Heritage Society chose Monte Carasso for the Wakker Prize .
It is also one of the few non-Southern states that have more males than females .
Notable musicians include : Slim Dusty , Joy McKean , Olivia Newton-John , John Williamson , Keith Urban , Lee Kernaghan and Kasey Chambers .
The Roman Catholic Church still officially considers Gregorian chant the music most suitable for worship in the Roman Rite , and should be given the '' pride of place '' in all Masses in the Roman Rite ( see GIRM , P41 ) .
Typically they insert external links .
He originally attained fame in sports as a running back at the collegiate and professional levels and was the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season , a mark he set during the 1973 season .
Typo word = '' Economy '' find = '' b ( E e ) c ce onom ( w + ) b '' replace = '' $ 1conom $ 2 '' \/O/ )
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
Born in Paris and abandoned there by destitute parents in 1792 at the height of the French Revolution , he worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap Parisian chophouse in exchange for room and board .
It is the dominant form of Islam in Oman and Zanzibar .
De Valera took charge of Ireland 's foreign policy as well by acting as his own Minister for External Affairs .
Zenit won the match 2 - 0 , with goals coming from Igor Denisov and Konstantin Zyryanov , to win Zenit their first UEFA Cup title , and make them only the second Russian side to win the competition , after CSKA Moscow in 2004 - 05 .
The date on the title page of 1804 for Milton is probably when the plates were begun but the poem was printed c. 1808 .
In Nepal , the Hindu form of Ganesha , known as Heramba , is very popular ; he has five heads and rides a lion .
One study showed an average 11.2 pound ( 5.1 kilogram ) weight loss in a group taking a mixture of yerba mate , guarana , and damiana , compared to an average one pound loss in a placebo group after 45 days .
Even species as small as mice can be detrimental ; on Gough Island the chicks of Tristan Albatrosses are attacked and eaten alive by introduced house mice .
Although the move interferes with Patch 's opportunity , he gets his chance when he is accidentally left behind in the commotion .
Ryan Guno Babel ( ; born 19 December 1986 ) is a football player who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim .
SeaMonkey is a free and open source cross-platform Internet suite .
June 18 & ndash ; Battle of Seven Oaks : Jack Cade 's rebels are driven from London by loyal troops , bringing about the collapse of the rebellion .
He was able to read Japanese , Korean , German , and English by his third birthday .
Dienville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The two married on March 15 , 2003 , at Stauffer Chapel on the campus of Pepperdine University after a nine month engagement .
He first came to prominence with a series of radio news broadcasts during World War II , which were followed by millions of listeners in the United States and Canada .
Beaufay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Virsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Killamery is a village in County Kilkenny , Ireland .
For the as an attribute of Ganesha , see : Nagar , Appendix I. ( Lasso ) , See :
Often called the '' legendary investor , Warren Buffett '' , he is the primary shareholder , chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway .
But this is because Java is the platform as well as a programming language .
Simba collapses in the wasteland after his escape , but is found by Timon , a meerkat , and Pumbaa , a warthog .
All of the public schools in Mobile County , with the exception of Saraland city schools , are operated by the Mobile County Public School System .
Fiona Apple ( born Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart on September 13 , 1977 ) is a Grammy-winning American singer-songwriter .
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail .
Lufthansa 's registered office and corporate headquarters is in Deutz , Cologne , with its main operations base ( Lufthansa Aviation Center ( LAC ) and primary traffic hub at Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt am Main with a second hub at Munich Airport .
The client may make many changes to a datum in the cache , and then explicitly notify the cache to write back the datum .
Uncle Daddy was awarded a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People , ages 10 - 12 category in 2002 .
The cathode-ray oscilloscope works by amplifying the voltage and using it to deflect an electron beam from a straight path , so that the deflection of the beam is proportional to the voltage .
This can be the case when the edit contains a huge amount of information , or when it is difficult to enter all the text at once .
Sun Quan ( 182 -- 252 ) , son of Sun Jian , formally Emperor Da of ( Eastern ) Wu , was the founder of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period in China .
He pleaded not guilty .
Kenneth Grant has written several books on Thelema and the occult , such as The Magical Revival , Aleister Crowley and the Hidden God , Outside the Circles of Time , and Hecate 's Fountain .
Many of them are owned by universities in various parts of the world .
Three hours later , the National Hurricane Center ceased issuing advisories on Erin as warning responsibility was transferred to the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center .
Cultural and historical Italian presence in Dalmatia is related to the Italian influence in Dalmatia ( now divided between Croatia , Herzegovina and Montenegro ) from the historical and cultural points of view .
The key section of the treaty was Article V which committed each member state to consider an armed attack against one state to be an armed attack against all states .
From 1928-1968 the design was always the same : the obverse showed a generic design by Florentine artist Giuseppe Cassioli with text giving the host city ; the reverse showed another generic design of an Olympic champion .
Madison is a city in Madison County , Florida , United States .
They are a popular sport fish of the billfish category , though elusive .
Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting , Leyton to Westminster , Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington .
Roman Catholicism is by far the largest religion in the country , although the Catholic Church is no longer officially the state religion .
A text editor is a type of program used for editing plain text files .
Rand 's fourth and last novel , it was also her longest , and the one she considered to be her magnum opus in the realm of fiction writing .
The official former postal county abbreviation was '' Glos . ''
Due to Soviet redirection of the Sea 's sources , the Aral Sea has been steadily shrinking since the 1960s .
In an alpha amino acid , the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group ( the -- carbon ) , but note that other types of amino acid exist when the amino group is attached to another carbon atom ( for example , in gamma-amino acids such as gamma-amino-butyric acid the carbon atom to which the amino group attaches is separated from the carboxylate group by two other carbon atoms ) .
A wedge-type door stop ( door wedge ) functions largely because of the friction generated between the bottom of the door and the wedge , and the wedge and the floor ( or other surface ) .
Several years later Polk began courting her , and in 1823 the two became engaged . Sarah Childress , aged 20 , married James Polk , aged 28 , on January 1 , 1824 , at the plantation home of the bride 's parents near Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
Water vapor or water vapor ( see spelling differences ) , also aqueous vapor , is the gas phase of water . Water vapor is one state of water within the hydrosphere .
It is published by www.TYAscripts.com A dance adaptation by the Boom Kat Dance Company premiered on May 2 , 2008 at Miles Playhouse in Santa Monica , California .
Richmond ( May 1 , 1862 -- surrender )
Africa 's colonial period lasted from the late 1800s until the advent of African independence movements in 1951 , when Libya became the first former colony to become independent .
His family was strongly Protestant . As a schoolboy , Rau was active in the Confessing Church , a circle of the German Protestant Church which actively resisted Nazism .
The resulting statistical analysis of this sample size produces the '' average '' behavior ( i.e. velocity , temperature or pressure ) of all the gas particles within the region .
His father was a conservative parish minister with strict parenting concepts . Ingmar was locked up in dark closets for '' infractions '' like wetting the bed .
A Scanner Darkly ( ) is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels ; in its story , an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality after falling victim to the same permanently mind altering drug , Substance D , he was enlisted to help fight .
The pentatonic scale is very common in Scottish music .
The club play their home games at The Don Valley Stadium whilst the new stadium which is in process now is built .
Battle of Kirina : Mandinka prince Sundiata Keita defeats Sosso king Soumaoro Kanté , beginning the Mali Empire .
The state capital is Montpelier , and the largest city and metropolitan area is Burlington .
In 1910 , he promoted Florence Lawrence , formerly known as '' The Biograph Girl , '' and actor King Baggot , in what may be the first instance of a studio using stars in its marketing .
ITV2 is a 24 hour , free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd , a division of ITV plc. .
One of the oldest towns in Siberia , Tomsk celebrated its 400th anniversary in 2004 .
Other Mario games Mario games of other genres include the educational game Mario Paint , which was released in 1992 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , and Mario Pinball Land for the Game Boy Advance .
Monmouth ( ; Welsh : Trefynwy = '' town on the Monnow '' ) is a town in southeast Wales and traditional county town of the historic county of Monmouthshire .
However , the Charonosaurus and Saurornithoides are forced to share the cave with each other , even though they are mortal enemies .
History In the Middle Ages and early modern period there were the four separate kingdoms of England , Scotland , Ireland and Wales and these developed separate parliaments .
Other kinds of dashi stock are made by soaking kelp , niboshi , or shiitake in water for many hours or by heating them in water nearly to boiling and straining the resultant broth .
The villagers were expelled to Lebanon and became refugees for few months , before managing to return clandestinely .
In the South West Pacific theater , the P-38 was the primary long-range fighter of United States Army Air Forces until the appearance of large numbers of P-51D Mustangs toward the end of the war .
'' Chicago '' ( That Toddlin ' Town ) , song by Fred Fisher
Pichilemu had 12,392 residents in 2002 .
Les Mujouls is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It is named after the Jordanian royal family -- the Hashemites -- and was established by royal decree in 1992 .
While technologically and culturally the city dwellers were more advanced , they could do little militarily to defend against the mounted hordes of the steppe .
She went on to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade , Serbia , where she advanced to the finals .
At Harvard he studied under J.A. Osborn .
Tired of each other , Stephenie was welcomed by Koror with open arms , but most of the tribe agreed that she was a major threat after seeing her confidence and strength .
The Kiel Canal , connecting the North Sea with the Baltic Sea , is the most heavily used artificial seaway in the world .
Since 1954 , RAI broadcasts the entire event on national TV .
He had his own opera house built , the Bayreuth Festspielhaus , which contained many novel design features .
Sissonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ayala has published 950 publications and 30 books .
Belleair Bluffs is located at .
BBC Sport is the sports division of the BBC .
He studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore , graduating in 1969.alt.books.tom-clancy post by Tom Clancy Though he wanted to serve in the United States military , he was rejected after failing a required eye exam in the ROTC .
Pali Language and Literature ; a systematic survey and historical study .
The story is about a girl and her brother who run away from home to live in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art and discover what they think is a lost treasure .
Daniel Ken '' Dan '' Inouye ( ; , Inoue Ken ; born September 7 , 1924 ) is an American politician who is the senior United States Senator from Hawaii and the President pro tempore of the United States Senate making him the highest-ranking Asian-American politician in American history .
From 1983 to 2010 , Alan J. W. Bell produced and directed all episodes of the show .
Zermatt is a starting point for hikes into the mountains , including the Haute Route that leads to Chamonix in France and the Patrouille des Glaciers .
Opal was the ninth hurricane and the strongest of the abnormally active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
Cleveland is a city in Pawnee County , Oklahoma , United States .
Miles won the British Championship just once , in 1982 when the event was held in Torquay .
Most precipitation occurs as rain , but also includes snow , hail , fog drip , graupel , and sleet .
The biographer calls her a '' low-born girl-friend '' , but she is probably closer to Lucian 's '' woman of perfect beauty '' , more beautiful than any of Phidias and Praxiteles ' statues .
The authors suggested that Allosaurus used its skull like a hatchet against prey , attacking open-mouthed , slashing flesh with its teeth , and tearing it away without splintering bones , unlike Tyrannosaurus , which is thought to have been capable of damaging bones .
The scone is a basic component of the cream tea or Devonshire tea .
Its remnants continued west-northwestward with a clear low-level circulation , producing scattered thunderstorms over Cuba and the Cayman Islands with its moisture extending northward into southern Florida .
For Jews and Muslims veneration violates this commandment .
This is also called a heartbeat .
The Northwest Division has the greatest distances between teams in the entire NHL .
Liasis sp/O. , ( Bluff Downs Giant Python ) , lived during the Pliocene epoch , grew up to ten metres long , and is the largest Australian snake known .
Flora Jane Thompson ( 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 ) was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
FC Martigues ( Football Club de Martigues ) play in the Championnat National , which is the third level of football in France .
Bryant- Denny Stadium , located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama is the home stadium for the University of Alabama football team .
It excludes such organic materials as fossil fuels , which have been transformed by geological processes into substances such as coal or petroleum .
Gilberto Aparecido da Silva , ( ; born 7 October 1976 ) commonly known as Gilberto Silva , is a Brazilian footballer .
The whole area of Nagar was declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep , brown bears , and snow tigers .
Sam McMurray guest stars in the episode as Gulliver Dark , the man that introduces Homer to the crowd at the burlesque show .
York Road opened 15 December 1906 ; closed 19 September 1932 , between King 's Cross St Pancras and Caledonian Road .
NTFS ( New Technology File System ) is the standard file system of Windows NT , including its later versions Windows 2000 , Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 .
Iviers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Founded in northern states in 1854 by anti-slavery activists , modernizers , ex-Whigs and ex-Free Soilers , the Republican Party quickly became the principal opposition to the dominant Democratic Party .
In the final year of his contract , he was the subject of trade rumors and on March 20 , 1996 , he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for Alek Stojanov .
The song also became Morissette 's highest-charting hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , where it peaked at number four .
The first performance of the opera , on 6 March 1853 in Venice 's La Fenice , was an utter failure .
The town is situated about 160 kilometres west of Canberra . It is on the Snowy Mountains Highway .
The state shares the Red River of the North with Minnesota on the east ; South Dakota is to the south , Montana is to the west , and the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba are north .
The Diomede Islands are often mentioned as likely intermediate stops for a bridge or tunnel ( Bering Strait bridge ) spanning the Bering Strait .
Salisbury Cathedral , formally known as the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary , is an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury , England , considered one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
By selection of the damping section material and the size of the outer mass the damper may be made to resist and thus quiet the specific torsional vibrations .
In connection with this , when Anubis became the god of embalming , Bast , as goddess of ointment , came to be regarded as his wife .
It is a black solid , and a mixed valence compound , containing both Co ( II ) and Co ( III ) oxidation states .
North of the Vaal River , the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat .
Married couples are disproportionately represented in the upper two quintiles , compared to the general population of households .
Some have called attention to the problem of taking Plato 's Socrates to be his mouthpiece , given Socrates ' reputation for irony .
Kimballton is a city in Audubon County , Iowa , United States .
Discovery Massalia was discovered by A. de Gasparis on September 19 , 1852 , and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac .
Races over short distances are among the oldest running competitions .
The three major types of lymphocyte are T cells , B cells and natural killer ( NK ) cells .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
He is a member of the Florida based vocal group , the Backstreet Boys .
Mainstream is , generally , the common current of thought of the majority .
An appointment as vicar-choral of St Paul 's Cathedral ( 1687 ) led another as lay vicar of the choir of Westminster Abbey ( 1699 ) .
Alan Arthur Johnson ( born 17 May 1950 ) is a British Labour Party politician and the current Home Secretary .
The men were clearly revered at the ceremony , suggesting they would have the advantage in the game .
They vibrate , modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation .
The technology has been used on a variety of surfaces from stickers to compact discs .
Use of dormice for food and fur and of dormouse fat as a medicament is documented there since the 13th century .
Logan championed Monroe for an Academy Award nomination and complimented her professionalism until the end of his life .
This was organized possibly to foster loyalty among the tribes of Attica ( recently created by Cleisthenes ) .
In the new series , Postman Pat Special Delivery Service ( SDS ) , Postman Pat has been promoted to Head of the SDS and is now called upon to deliver anything .
At this time , his second book of poems , Tristia , was published in Berlin .
The word saw its first scientific use within the field of optics to describe the rainbow of colors in visible light when separated using a prism ; it has since been applied by analogy to many fields other than optics .
Poaceae or Gramineae is a family in the Class Liliopsida ( the monocots ) of the flowering plants .
Notes to EMI/WRC set SHB 201-204 At one of the orchestra 's early concerts , in November 1932 , the sixteen-year old Yehudi Menuhin played a programme of violin concertos ; those by Bach and Mozart were conducted by Beecham , and Elgar 's Concerto in B minor was conducted by the composer .
The national flag of Estonia ( ) is a tricolour featuring three equal horizontal bands of blue ( top ) , black , and white .
Cartridge ( firearms ) , a round of ammunition
There is also a generalized electric scalar potential that is used in electrodynamics when time-varying electromagnetic fields are present .
It was delivered at the dedication of the Soldiers ' National Cemetery in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , on the afternoon of Thursday , November 19 , 1863 , during the American Civil War , four and a half months after the Union armies defeated those of the Confederacy at the decisive Battle of Gettysburg .
The duo later changed their image and style with the release of Sea of Love in 2002 .
These stages are interphase , prophase , prometaphase , metaphase , anaphase and telophase .
For other calendars , see New Year .
The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is a large outdoor sports stadium in the University Park neighborhood of Los Angeles , California at Exposition Park that is home to the University of Southern California Trojans football team .
Richard Dominguez was born Eufrancio Ricardo Dominguez to Ricardo and Juanita Dominguez in Dallas , Texas on September 22 , 1960 . The second of seven children , Richard grew up in a section of West Dallas known during the Great Depression as ` The Devil 's Back Porch ' .
However , on smaller length-scales , matter is observed to form '' clumps '' , i.e. , to cluster hierarchically ; many atoms are condensed into stars , most stars into galaxies , most galaxies into clusters , superclusters and , finally , the largest-scale structures such as the Great Wall of galaxies .
'' Bootylicious '' is a song by American R&B group Destiny 's Child .
The Hay-Quesada Treaty was signed between the U.S. and Cuba in 1925 , recognizing Cuban ownership .
While playing for the local youth team of San Vendemiano since the age of 7 , Del Piero used to play as a goalkeeper because he could play a lot more football that way .
By this time , Monroe had only completed one film , Bus Stop , under her four-picture contract with 20th Century Fox .
Membership went on expanding with the accession of seven more Northern European and Eastern European countries to NATO : Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania and also Slovenia , Slovakia , Bulgaria , and Romania .
He ran Whit 's End while Whit was in the Middle East .
There are less people without jobs now , public debt has three folded , crime statistics and child abuse and neglect has increased dramatically , and on the whole , a majority of Australians are n't happy with his IR reforms , and hours of work .
Bridgwater , W. & Beatrice Aldrich .
However , aristocrats continued to monopolise the officer corps of almost all early modern armies , including their high command .
The famous frescoes of the Boyana Church in Bulgaria are completed ( the church and its murals are now a UNESCO World Heritage Site ) .
Brian Guebert ( born December 19 , 1981 ) is a Canadian Football League defensive end who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Navel lint ( also known by names such as navel fluff , belly button lint , pupik lint , and belly button fluff ) is an accumulation of fluffy fibers in one 's navel .
Nagua
On August 20 , 2008 , a blog entry on the band 's website announced an extended play ( EP ) , entitled The Way Out Is Broken .
Tikal ( or Tik ' al , according to the more current orthography ) is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centers of the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization .
Puyravault is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Semisweet chocolate is a dark chocolate with a low sugar content . Bittersweet chocolate is chocolate liquor to which some sugar ( typically a third ) , more cocoa butter , vanilla and sometimes lecithin have been added .
Stevenage holds a number of annual events , including the Stevenage Town Show ( formerly Stevenage Day ) , Rock in the Park and Stevenage Carnival .
It was also the venue in which Kim Jong-Il in 2000 entertained Madeleine Albright , the U.S. Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton .
U.S. Census Factfinder 2006 Population estimate for Laredo , Texas Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with an estimate population of 718,073 .
They performed at BBC Radio One 's One Big Weekend , held in their home town of Sunderland over the weekend of May 7 - 8 , 2005 .
The Black Swan ( Cygnus atratus ) is a large waterbird which breeds mainly in the southeast and southwest regions of Australia .
The Class 171 Turbostar is a type of diesel multiple unit ( DMU ) built by Bombardier Transportation ( previously ADtranz ) at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby , England which is identical to the Class 170 , except for the replacement of the BSI ( Bergische Stahl Industrie ) coupler with a Dellner coupler .
Kramnik explained that Capablanca was twenty years younger , a slightly stronger player , and had more recent competitive practice .
Geelong is home to the Geelong Football Club Australian Football League team , the second oldest AFL club and one of the oldest in the world .
The panel was established in 1988 by the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) and the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , two organizations of the United Nations .
It was issued by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 May 1840 , for official use from 6 May of that year .
Berliners , with their fondness for giving nicknames to famous buildings , call the statue Goldelse , meaning something like '' Golden Lizzy '' .
'' Lose Yourself '' would go on to become the longest running No. 1 hip-hop single .
Aberdeen have played throughout their existence at Pittodrie Stadium , the name of which comes from the Pictish for '' place of manure '' .
It also comes with warnings about the potential for misuse .
There are three symbols for NAND gates : the ` distinctive ' ( MIL\/ANSI ) symbol and the ` rectangular ' IEC symbol , as well as a deprecated DIN symbol sometimes found on old schematics .
In practice , pharmacovigilance refers almost exclusively to spontaneous reporting systems which allow health care professionals and others to report adverse drug reactions to the central agency .
The five-tier , R2 billion ( approximately $ 159 million ) Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium was built overlooking the North End Lake , at the heart of the city .
It is located on the Lachlan River headwaters and not far from Goulburn .
The historical Maccabees are referred to again in Chapter 15 , which describes the three brothers Judas , Meqabis ( Simon Maccabaeus ) and Mebikyas ( Jonathan Maccabee ) as leading a successful revolt against the evil king Akrandis of Midian , who was oppressing Israel .
Kinross is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Cruck Cottage can be architecturally dated to being around 800 years old and as such may be the oldest house in South Oxfordshire .
The body for coach 17 was built in 1911 , by local firm Shapland and Petter , and mounted on a steel underframe constructed by the railway in its own workshops at Pilton .
Elimination Chamber ( 2011 ) ( also known as No Way Out ( 2011 ) in Germany ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on February 20 , 2011 at the Oracle Arena in Oakland , California .
A cathedral ( French cathédrale from Lat .
Catherine was born in Brisbane , Queensland .
After the war At the Nuremberg Judges ' Trial Schlegelberger was one of the main accused .
Distances measured in fractions of a parsec usually involve objects within a single star system .
She received a gold medal from the National Institute of Social Science .
Conditions were favorable for additional development in the Gulf of Mexico , and Elena became a hurricane on the 29th .
The remnants of Beryl dropped moderate precipitation in Atlantic Canada , officially peaking at 2.8 inches ( 71 mm ) in Scots Bay , Nova Scotia with an unofficially higher total of 3.5 inches ( 88 mm ) ; in some locations 1 inch of rain fell in an hour .
The album was re-released as an expanded double-disc deluxe package in Germany , which includes her previous hit single , '' Pon de Replay '' .
Read the article 's talk page and revision history to see if there are outstanding disputes over the contents of the article .
The 2005 Azores subtropical storm was the nineteenth nameable storm of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
The first important composer of chansons was Guillaume de Machaut , who composed three-voice works in the formes fixes during the 14th century .
The resulting rainfall caused flooding that killed 23 people and significant damage .
It came to be seen as an iconic symbol of the permanence of Rome .
Thus , if an invitee is invited to do business in a store and is injured snooping around in the private storage area , he does not have invitee status in that area .
The main expansion of the city took place under Mughal general Shaista Khan .
Antecedents are of particular importance in connection with relative pronouns ; the pronoun usually opens the relative clause , but the antecedent is located in the main clause .
The station was originally opened on 22 August 1856 as part of the Eastern Counties Railway branch to Loughton .
'' Body '' ( song ) , a song by Ja Rule on his seventh album , The Mirror
He scored his first goal on November 24 , 2007 in the match versus SC Altach .
Retrieved 17 November 2007 .
Homeward Bound II : Lost in San Francisco is the 1996 sequel to the 1993 film ' .
Munro did not set any measure of topographic prominence by which a peak qualified as a separate mountain , and much debate has since taken place over how distinct two hills must be if they are to be considered as two separate Munros .
As a consequence , for half the year ( from around 20 March to 22 September ) the northern hemisphere is inclined toward the Sun , with the maximum around 21 June , while for the other half year the southern hemisphere has this distinction , with the maximum around 21 December .
The connector construction always ensures that the external sheath on the plug makes contact with its counterpart in the receptacle before any of the four connectors within make electrical contact .
Fitzgerald and Brown divorced in 1953 , bowing to the various career pressures both were experiencing at the time , though they would continue to perform together .
With the redesign of the band 's website in 2010 , the store was reincarnated .
He was deputy organist of St Mary Aldermanbury at the age of ten .
Christine de Pisan ( also seen as de Pizan ) ( 1365 -- c. 1434 ) was a Venetian-born woman of the medieval era who strongly challenged misogyny and stereotypes prevalent in the male-dominated realm of the arts .
From the 13th to 16th centuries the city competed with Prague economically , culturally and politically .
The pair 's last known sighting was only a few hundred metres from the summit .
Early in his career , Joubert was criticized for the lack of variety in his spins , but this area began to improve after Joubert 's work with Swiss skater Lucinda Ruh starting in the 2005-2006 season , and he is now usually able to receive high levels on his spins .
It was the search for Burke and Wills that led to the opening up of the country for the pastoral industry .
Outside the laboratory , francium is extremely rare , with trace amounts found in uranium and thorium ores , where the isotope francium-223 continually forms and decays .
Nilmar Honorato da Silva ( born 14 July 1984 ) , commonly known as Nilmar , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Villarreal CF and the Brazilian national team .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
Survivor ( video game ) , a 1987 8-bit action game
An inelastic collision is sometimes also called a plastic collision .
January & ndash ; The Triple Alliance of 1668 is formed between England , Sweden and the United Provinces .
Kyneton has a soccer team '' The Rangers '' which compete in the Bendigo Amateur Soccer League '' BASL ''
Gyula ( , ) is a town in Békés county in south-eastern Hungary .
The fortification usually follows the contors of the hill , consisting of one or more lines of earthworks , with stockades or defensive walls , and external ditches .
Ecquedecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Oto is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
On 13 March , 1873 , the Municipal District of Yass was created , and James Cottrell was subsequently elected as the first Mayor of Yass .
The 2005 season attracted more than 120,000 applicants during the preliminary selection rounds , held in the five provinces of Hunan , Sichuan , Guangdong , Henan and Zhejiang .
Usually the term refers to the six classical simple machines which were defined by Renaissance scientists :
By using a correct belaying method , the belayer can hold the entire weight of the climber by using relatively little force , and can easily arrest even a long fall . By using a mixture of belaying angle and hand-grip on the rope , a climber can be lowered gently by the belayer to a safe point where climbing can be resumed .
The Hells Angels were originally formed in 1948 in Fontana , California .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Kim did not compete at the 2008 Korean Nationals and withdrew from the 2008 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships a week before the event due to a hip injury .
It is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
The team went into the 1994 season as Sauber Mercedes , now officially Mercedes ' factory-backed team with a new car in the Sauber C13 and the Ilmor engine rebadged the Mercedes 3.5 V10 .
He was released in 1299 , became a wealthy merchant , married and had 3 children .
On June 8 , 2006 Survivor : Panama was made available on Apple 's iTunes store .
A key attraction is the site where the Kinneret 's water flows into the Jordan River to which thousands of pilgrims from all over the world come to be ( re - ) baptized every year .
And lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from evil : For thine is the kingdom , and the power , and the glory , for ever .
Goussancourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Corner Gas is a Canadian television sitcom series created by Brent Butt .
When sorrows like sea billows roll ;
In Victorian times , some chamber pots would be built into a cabinet with a closable cover .
In the Second World War , on the night of November 23 , 1943 , the church was irreparably damaged in an air raid .
The first mention of a possible Order of Merit was made following the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 , in correspondence between First Lord of the Admiralty The Lord Barham and William Pitt , though nothing eventuated from the idea .
Carl Milton Levin ( born June 28 , 1934 ) is a United States Senator from Michigan , serving since 1979 .
The set of all complex numbers is usually denoted by C , or in blackboard bold by mathbb { C } .
The bonus DVD includes interviews with the band members and producer regarding the Valley of the Damned period and the remix , professionally filmed footage from their first Japanese tour , two commentaries ; one from Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and one from ZP Theart and Karl Groom , backstage footage from a live performance in Japan and from the recording , in Denmark , and remixing session for the album .
Saint Martin ( ) , officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin ( French : Collectivité de Saint-Martin ) is an overseas collectivity of France located in the Caribbean .
Laon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Laon ) is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries , earlier than the cathedrals of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris and ranking with them in importance .
Nickel , 2002 In vertebrates , the spinal cord by itself contains neural circuitry capable of generating reflex responses as well as simple motor patterns such as swimming or walking .
The city suburbs extend out into the surrounding valleys and hills , onto the isthmus of the Otago Peninsula , and along the shores of the Otago Harbour and the Pacific Ocean .
The Canton of Glarus ( German : ) is a canton in east central Switzerland .
Gardenia is a genus of 142 species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa , southern Asia , Australasia and Oceania .
On February 22 , 2009 , Ayaka married Hiro Mizushima after several months of dating .
Investigative journalist Max Blumenthal , who reported on an attempt by one of the show 's staff to advertise at a rally for Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin , described The Political Cesspool as having a '' racist ideology '' , and highlighted anti-Semitic , racist , and homophobic comments that Edwards had made on his blog .
A suggested resolution of the absence in November is that 's visibility is primarily due to a diffuse cloud of fine dust that is much brighter in forward scattered light ( the conditions of the discovery image ) , and that the solid core ( if any ) is small .
The term was coined in the eighteenth century by the Edo period Japanese cultural scholar Motoori Norinaga , and was originally a concept used in his literary criticism of The Tale of Genji , and later applied to other seminal Japanese works including the Man ` y sh , becoming central to his philosophy of literature , and eventually to Japanese cultural tradition .
His aunt Lyubov ( his father 's unmarried sister ) was an amateur pianist who documented Sasha 's early life up until he met his first wife .
In the past , Meager has dumped clay and rock several meters deep into the Pemberton Valley at least three times during the last 7,300 years .
They aid in flight , thermal insulation , waterproofing and coloration that helps in communication and protection .
com , 22 September 2009 long in a harbourside location similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix and the new circuit in Valencia .
When the first private printing of 250 copies was sold out , another 200 were prepared .
, accessed July 7 , 2007Brian Joubert Ready to Defend his Title accessed May 5 , 2008 He was later involved with Italian figure skater Valentina MarcheiAFP , France 's Brian Joubert ( L ) and Italy 's Valentina Marchei as they watch the ice dancing free dance at the Dom Sportova Arena in Zagreb , 25 January 2008 accessed March 30 , 2010 , but the relationship eventually ended .
Soap film is extremely flexible and can produce waves based on the force exerted .
This is an international register of properties that are recognized as having outstanding cultural or natural values of international significance .
Several of his novels were published posthumously .
The Atlanta Thrashers are a professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta , Georgia .
The word derives from the Greek '' '' ( mania ) , '' madness , frenzy '' , Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus Digital Library and that from the verb '' '' ( mainomai ) , '' to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
The word is derived from the Latin word ferrum ( '' iron '' ) .
Brittle stars , or ophiuroids , are echinoderms , closely related to starfish .
After the war , the judges of the Nuremberg Trials declared the SS and its sub-parts criminal organizations responsible for the implementation of racial policies of genocide and committing war crimes and crimes against humanity .
The Bucegi Mountains ( Romanian : Mun ii Bucegi , Hungarian : Bucsecs-hegys ég ) are located in central Romania , south of the city Bra ov .
Other duties include the layout , placement , maintenance and dismantling of defensive minefields and the clearing of enemy minefields and the construction and destruction of bridges .
North East England is one of the nine official regions of England .
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp ( ) .
An antisexual person who refuses to have sex is considered to be a celibate or an antisexual celibate , and is not necessarily asexual .
Futurama : Bender 's Big Score is an Annie Award-winning direct-to-video film based on the animated series Futurama .
Only one of the lakes in the Lake District is called by that name , Bassenthwaite Lake .
The band has incorporated many different musical styles , leading critics and fans to label them as melodic death metal , Metal from Finland : Children of Bodom black metal , Metalstorm .
Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938 .
Repressive measures included deportations and mass killings ; al-Majid was dubbed '' Chemical Ali '' by Iraqi Kurds for his use of chemical weapons in attacks against them .
Under Nero , he was a member of the imperial entourage and played a vital part in exposing the Pisonian conspiracy of 65 .
In the reverse communications path , responses are mapped back to the originating IP address using the rules ( '' state '' ) stored in the translation tables .
Oberon was initially referred to as '' the second satellite of Uranus '' , and in 1848 was given the designation by William Lassell , although he sometimes used William Herschel 's numbering ( where Titania and Oberon are II and IV ) .
Romana , short for Romanadvoratrelundar , is a fictional character in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
There are now four locations in Calgary , Alberta , three stores in Nova Scotia , five stores in Ontario , and three stores in New Brunswick .
Francis Michael Forde ( 18 July 1890-28 January 1983 ) was an Australian politician and the 15th Prime Minister of Australia .
Alternately , an individual may have a mood disorder coexisting with a substance abuse disorder . Substance-induced mood disorders can have features of a manic , hypomanic , mixed , or depressive episode .
Games released by Sunflowers include the Anno series ( Anno 1602 , Anno 1503 , and Anno 1701 ) , Black Sea Studios ' Knights of Honor , Holiday Island (/O1996/O) and SEK 's ParaWorld .
The seven-minute long film , also featuring [ [ Buck Henry ] ] and [ [ Teri Garr ] ] , was written by and starred Martin .
During the Last Glacial Maximum the Sahara desert was more extensive than it is now with the extent of the tropical forests being greatly reduced .
Bertha is the longest-lived pre-August Atlantic tropical cyclone on record .
Pichilemu , along with the communes of Placilla , Nancagua , Chépica , Santa Cruz , Pumanque , Palmilla , Peralillo , Navidad , Lolol , Litueche , La Estrella , Marchihue , and Paredones , is part of Electoral District No. 35 and belongs to the 9th Senatorial Constituency ( O'Higgins ) of the electoral divisions of Chile .
His harmony professor was Jean Gallon .
Albert Dean Rosellini ( born January 21 , 1910 ) was the 15th Governor of the state of Washington for two terms from 1957 to 1965 and was the first Italian American , Roman Catholic governor elected west of the Mississippi River .
After World War II In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books on economic policy , as well as two versions of his memoirs .
See also : Category : Reformed church theological colleges and seminaries Community of Protestant Churches in Europe World Alliance of Reformed Churches Reformed Church of France World Communion of Reformed Churches External links World Alliance of Reformed Churches Reformed Ecumenical Council Reformed.net - world list of reformed churches .
Billy Dee Williams ( born William December Williams , Jr. ; April 6 , 1937 ) is an American actor , artist , singer , and writer , best known for his role as Lando Calrissian in the original Star Wars trilogy .
Street Fighter II is a sub-series in Capcom 's Street Fighter franchise of competitive fighting games , originally released as coin-operated arcade games . The Street Fighter II series started with the original Street Fighter II game itself , released in as a sequel to Capcoms fighting game Street Fighter .
Initially , she was a manager for the tag team of MNM .
In 1993 , the Hawaii State Legislature established the Kahoolawe Island Reserve , consisting of '' the entire island and its surrounding ocean waters in a two mile ( 3 km ) radius from the shore '' .
In contrast , the relatively flat and low-lying Indus Delta is situated due east and south of the Sulaiman Mountains .
Robert Leroy Johnson ( May 8 , 1911 - August 16 , 1938 ) was an American blues singer and musician .
The PC Guide - Plug and Playplug and play Definition Plug and play refers to both the traditional boot-time assignment of device resources and driver identification , as well as to hotplug systems such as USB and Firewire .
He traveled to Australia in 1838 with the Goulds and spent the next few years collecting natural history specimens for Gould 's planned publications including Birds of Australia .
Gilbert 's potoroo was not seen again for many years , even though many had searched for them in the 1970s .
Lost City ( hydrothermal field ) , a field of hydrothermal vents in the Atlantic Ocean
These composers originated from present-day northern France , Belgium , Netherlands , and northwestern Germany .
Alessandro ( '' Sandro '' ) Mazzola ( born 8 November 1942 in Turin , Piedmont ) is an Italian former football player .
December 16 & ndash ; Battle of Annan : The loyalists of David II defeat Edward Balliol in Scotland .
Some countries , such as Belgium ( 11.2 out of 100 known pregnancies ) and the Netherlands ( 10.6 per 100 ) , had a comparatively low ratio of induced abortion .
Description The units were built in several batches from 1997 onwards .
purple or golden brown patches on and around the eyes , nostrils , and mouth
Commercial hub Situated in the center of northern Westchester County , Mount Kisco is a '' commercial hub '' of northern Westchester .
His passion for Irish , already a language in severe decline , led him to found the Gaelic League , or in Irish , Conradh na Gaedhilge , in the hope of saving it from extinction .
Ainsworth is a town in Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States .
Lorraine Kelly ( born November 30 , 1959 in East Kilbride ) is a Scottish television presenter and journalist best known as a presenter for GMTV , the ITV morning television station .
According to 2005 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 7,464 .
It is the challenge of constructing a square with the same area as a given circle by using only a finite number of steps with compass and straightedge .
Lampyridae ( fireflies ) , found around the world .
Although most practitioners are philosophers , several prominent scientists have contributed to the field and still do .
While traditional detective novels usually concentrate on a single crime , police procedurals frequently depict investigations into several unrelated crimes in a single story .
S\/2004 S 13 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,056 Mm in 905.848 days , at an inclination of 167 to the ecliptic ( 143 to Saturn 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.261 .
Darcy Tucker ( born March 15 , 1975 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player , who played most of his National Hockey League ( NHL ) career with the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Paris , London and New York Weill fled Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
Cambuslang ( ; from Scottish Gaelic Camas Long , camas - river bend , long - ship ) is a suburban town on the south-eastern outskirts of Glasgow , Scotland located within the local authority area of South Lanarkshire .
The set from which these letters are taken is called the alphabet over which the language is defined .
He is youngest member of the musical group The Backstreet Boys and the older brother of Aaron Carter .
In the United States , FD&C numbers ( which generally indicates that the FDA has approved the colorant for use in foods , drugs and cosmetics ) are given to approved synthetic food dyes that do not exist in nature , while in the European Union , E numbers are used for all additives , both synthetic and natural , that are approved in food applications .
This proved to aid its success when the Premier George Grey visited Lawrence on 11 March 1878 and was welcomed by six hundred local schoolchildren singing what was by then beginning to be labeled as the '' national anthem '' .
'' Dogma '' , a spoken-word track by KMFDM from Xtort
A trustworthy person is someone in whom you can place your trust and rest assured that the trust will not be betrayed .
It focuses on Cloud Strife who -- now living as a delivery boy alongside Tifa Lockhart and taking care of two kids -- is summoned to find the cause of '' Geostigma '' , a mysterious disease that proves dangerous to the city 's population .
It is a parody of '' Lump '' by The Presidents of the United States of America and also parodies the 1994 movie Forrest Gump .
See Hart , The Poems of Ancient Tamil : Their Milieu and their Sanskrit Counterparts ( 1975 ) Notable works in classical Tamil literature include the Tirukkural , by Tiruvalluvar , the five great Tamil epics , and the works of Auvaiyar .
The band underwent serious '' band therapy '' , engaging in a number of long talks to work out the members ' differences after accusations from Dirnt and Cool that Armstrong was '' the band 's Nazi '' and a show-off bent on taking the limelight from the other band members .
Edward '' Eddie '' S. Fatu ( born March 28 , 1976 ) is a Samoan-American professional wrestler better known by his ring names Jamal , Ekmo , and Umaga .
Naval warfare continued in this vein through the Middle Ages until the cannon became commonplace and capable of being reloaded quickly enough to be reused in the same battle .
Ourton is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The brain and spinal cord together make up the central nervous system .
Prideaux , 2005 , p. 49 He spent his mornings at Bonnat 's busy studio ( which included live female models ) and afternoons at the exhibition , galleries , and museums ( where students were to make copies ) .
With the painting Les Demoiselles d'Avignon ( 1907 ) , Picasso dramatically created a new and radical picture depicting a raw and primitive brothel scene with five prostitutes , violently painted women , reminiscent of African tribal masks and his own new Cubist inventions .
Gommecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A terminal of the first German long distance railway to Dresden ( the capital of Saxony ) , in 1839 , Leipzig became a hub of Central European railway traffic , with the renowned Leipzig Central Station , the largest terminal station by area in Europe .
Squash are represented frequently in Moche ceramics .
Chadwick inspired Ellis and together they erected a laboratory in one of the horse stables where they undertook scientific experiments on the photochemical process .
In New Jersey , northeast onshore flow associated with the remnants of Barry produced high tides and minor coastal flooding .
He was voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1974 .
Joseph Benedict Chifley ( 22 September 1885 13 June 1951 ) , Australian politician and 16th Prime Minister of Australia , was one of Australia 's most influential Prime Ministers .
The county was formed in 1841 from parts of Burke County and Wilkes County .
After the release of Method Man 's Tical , Ol Dirty Bastard was the next member to launch a solo career .
BBC Annual Report and Accounts 2005/2006 Along with the BBC 's other domestic television stations , it is funded entirely by the licence fee , and therefore shows uninterrupted programming with no commercial advertising .
Zune devices work exclusively with the Zune software and Marketplace .
On May 25 , 2005 , Underwood was crowned the winner of the fourth season of American Idol .
However , many manufacturers also add sell-by or use-by dates .
Mozilla Add-ons is the official Mozilla Foundation website to act as a repository for add-ons for Mozilla software , including Mozilla Firefox , Mozilla Thunderbird , SeaMonkey , and Mozilla Sunbird .
Each program participant , or Peace Corps Volunteer , is an American citizen who commits to working abroad in an assignment for the organization for a period of twenty four months after three months of training .
'' All Good Things ( Come to an End ) '' is a pop song written by singer Nelly Furtado , Timbaland , Danja and Chris Martin for Furtado 's third album , Loose ( 2006 ) .
Mythology Through his identification with the Hephaestus of Greek mythology , he came to be considered as the manufacturer of art , arms , iron , jewellery and armor for various gods and heroes , including the thunderbolts of Jupiter .
Cuentos del SilISBN 84-611-0061-1 ( Tales of the Sil ) is a Leonese language book written by nine leonese language writers .
Signed to Avex Trax , the band released their debut single '' Tangerine Dream '' on September 29 , 1999 , followed by three more singles between 1999 and 2000 , which appeared on their debut album Break of Dawn ( 2000 ) .
It was released in North America on April 30 , 2000 for the Nintendo 64 video game console .
It became apparent that Moberly needed someone to help run the college , and Jourdain was asked to become Moberly 's assistant .
According to some , a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man 's desire ; others claim that quickies ( with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva ) can be '' a major turn-on '' for a woman , too , but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally , and so require the use of an artificial water-based lubricant .
The product was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and the Trabant .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
This is in contrast to classical particles , which can have any energy .
Whisenhunt had also interviewed for the head coaching position with the Pittsburgh Steelers , Atlanta Falcons and Miami Dolphins .
He then attended the Darmstadt University of Technology , where he received his diploma in physics in 1966 and his Ph. D. in 1969 .
The tellurite anion is a weak base . Sodium tellurite would be similar to sodium selenite and sodium sulfite .
Hypophosphites are the compounds containing this ion , with phosphorus in oxidation state +1 , or similar covalent ones .
For the short story by Stephen King , see 1408 ( short story ) ; for the film , see : 1408 ( film ) .
However , women with hirsutism may develop a beard . When differentiating between upper and lower facial hair , a beard specifically excludes the moustache , which refers to hair above the upper lip and around it .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Vanua Levu ( pronounced ) , formerly known as Sandalwood Island , is the second largest island of Fiji .
In 1891 , it was recognized to be a bird .
Under his leadership , the Examiner devoted 24 percent of its space to crime , presenting the stories as morality plays , and sprinkled adultery and '' nudity '' ( by 19th century standards ) on the front page .
Dundee currently play in the Scottish First Division , having been relegated from the Scottish Premier League in the 2004 05 season .
The resulting body of music is the first to be notated in a system ancestral to modern musical notation .
Notrium , his latest game , is currently at version 1.341 , and has a number of mods available for download .
Reichstag ( institution ) , the Diets or parliaments of the Holy Roman Empire , of the Austrian-Hungarian monarchy and of Germany from 1871 to 1945
During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
They lived in Epsom , Surrey where Henry was Clerk of Epsom Racecourse .
Madagascar is a 2005 computer-animated film produced by DreamWorks Animation , and released in movie theaters on May 27 , 2005 .
Camel rides flourish when it rains .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
To help compare sizes of different geographic regions , we list here areas between 10 km2 ( 1,000 hectares ) and 100 km2 ( 10,000 hectares ) .
However after a long , difficult negotiation , which he reported in the Chess Player 's Chronicle , Staunton went to Paris intending to start their third match in October 1844 , but he caught pneumonia while traveling and almost died ; the match was postponed and never took place .
The imaginary unit , or i , is used in mathematics to pull together the real number system and the complex number system .
Sainte-Preuve is a commune in the Aisne départment in Picardie in northern France .
The gender role reversal resembles the old festival of Twelfth Night , a combination of Epiphany and midwinter feast , when it was customary for the natural order of things to be reversed .
Phoronids are worm-shaped , but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth , instead of running the length of the animal , as in annelids ( and many vertebrates ) .
His prison papers indicate that he is never to be released .
It was introduced on 1 January , 2005 , replacing the previous lira ( which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005 ) at a rate of 1 new lira = 1,000,000 old lira .
In the early compositions ( 1988 -- 89 ) , influences of jazz music were most frequently brought out by using more complex chords than simple triads ( 7ths , 9ths , 13ths , suspensions , alterations ) which are held for many bars and give compositions a slightly dissonant feel .
The first non-Native structure was a warehouse built by the miner Charles Lane to store supplies for his claim in the Council District .
He immediately becomes a popular attraction and the Isotopes start a winning streak .
Stanley Lucas ( 15 January 1900 -- 21 June 2010 ) from Bude , Cornwall was a British supercentenarian , he was the oldest living man verified in Europe since the death of Harry Patch on 25 July 2009 .
The origins of the concept of '' hotspots '' lie in the work of J. Tuzo Wilson , who postulated in 1963 that the Hawaiian Islands result from the slow movement of a tectonic plate across a hot region beneath the surface .
With the development of gender identity being influenced by so many factors , there can also be many problems associated with gender identity as well . One of the major disorders is Gender Identity Disorder .
NOAA Tech .
Scott Stewart Bakula ( ; born October 9 , 1954 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Sam Beckett in the television series Quantum Leap , for which he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Television Series Drama in 1991 and was nominated for four Emmy Awards .
The story examines desire , wisdom , and human will .
Bowlegs was named after an early resident , Lula Bowlegs , a descendant of the Florida Seminole Chief Billy Bowlegs .
The Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak across the eastern United States from August 29 to August 31 , 2005 , spawned mostly by the outer bands of Hurricane Katrina ( or the remnants thereof ) .
To simplify the situation , Ardeshir 's grandson , Hormizd I , linked the new and old holy days into continual six-day feasts .
These were consolidated by the first Librarian of the college , Emma Ryder .
Maria Barbara Bach ( 20 October 1684 -- 7 July 1720 ) was the first wife of composer Johann Sebastian Bach .
To date , Saving Abel is currently working on a new album that should be released in mid 2011 .
On October 11 , Mats Sundin scored his 390th goal with the Toronto Maple Leafs and reached his 917th point at Toronto , breaking Darryl Sittler 's record as the all-time Maple Leafs scoring leader .
Bonnétable is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
A crystal radio receiver , also called a crystal set or cat 's whisker receiver , is a very simple radio receiver , popular in the early days of radio .
In human anatomy , the clavicle or collar bone is a long bone of short length that serves as a strut between the scapula and the sternum . It is the only long bone in body that lies horizontally .
Vicques is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The River Mersey is a river in North West England .
Tehanu is the fourth of Ursula K. Le Guin 's Earthsea books .
In the late 1960s and 1970s , Shines toured with Robert Johnson 's stepson , Robert Lockwood , Jr. as the last remaining original delta blues musicians .
His most important theoretical book was : '' Das Werden der Organismen , eine Widerlegung der Darwinschen Zufallslehre '' ( Jena , 1916 ) ( translation : '' The Origin of Organisms - a Refutation of Darwin 's Theory of Chance '' ) .
London 's famous Trafalgar Square was named in honor of his victory , and Nelson 's statue on Nelson 's Column , finished in 1843 , towers triumphantly over it .
Features of Djibouti City include beaches along its eastern shore and the large Central Market , the national stadium Stade du Ville , the Presidential Palace and Hamouli Mosque .
Unlike with the Richter scale , people do not look at the enery of an earthquake directly .
Ophthalmosauridae were a family of ichthyosaurs that lived from the Jurassic to the Cretaceous period .
In most modern poker games , the first round of betting begins with some form of forced bet .
Kororaa Aimed at easy installation of a Gentoo system by using install scripts instead of manual configuration .
As a consequence , too little oxygen is left in the blood to make red blood cells , or to make other cells , controlling blood clotting in sufficient numbers .
Pressure ( the symbol : P ) is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
The police quickly left the train and the hotel with the Kelly gang now trapped inside .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
According to Washington Mutual Inc. 's 2007 SEC filing , the holding company held assets valued at $ 327.9 billion .
It was Christian Bale 's first film and Rex Harrison 's last film . It was originally broadcast in two parts .
Nucleotides are molecules that , when joined together , make up the structural units of RNA and DNA .
The only recent member was the Thylacine ( Thylacinus cynocephalus ) , which became extinct in 1936 due to hunting .
The first is a short biography of Ram Dass ' life , which began as Richard Alpert , and focuses on his meeting with his Guru Neem Karoli Baba , and his transformation into Baba Ram Dass , later Ram Dass .
The municipality comprises the towns of Dranouter , Kemmel , De Klijte , Loker , Nieuwkerke , Westouter , Wijtschate and Wulvergem .
The total area is 75.90 km which gives a population density of 396 inhabitants per km .
Sodium nitrate is the chemical compound with the formula NaNO3 .
The French edition was known as Le voleur de foudre ( OCLC ) .
Its official name was Deutsches Reich ( sometimes translated as German Empire , but Reich can also mean realm or federal level of government ) , however , and it was usually known in English simply as Germany . Following World War I , the republic emerged from the German Revolution in November 1918 .
Bernardo Corradi ( born March 30 , 1976 in Siena ) is an Italian footballer , who plays in the position of striker , he plays for Serie A side Udinese Calcio .
Although Avatar is not considered anime because of its American origin , Tasha Robinson of the SciFi Channel observed that '' Avatar blurs the line between anime and ( US ) domestic cartoons until it becomes irrelevant . ''
Lignan-de-Bazas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Penthouse ( 12/10/99 , p. 122 ) - 4 Stars ( out of 5 ) - '' Gloriously hard as the album is , you ca n't miss Metallica 's good natured side coming through . ''
Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa are the most common eating disorders generally recognized by medical classification schemes , with a significant diagnostic overlap between the two .
McGhee played for a host of Scottish and English clubs , before he had to abruptly retire because of injury .
The web color gold ( also referred to as orange-yellow ) is sometimes referred to as golden in order to distinguish it from the color metallic gold .
Lecco is a town of c. 47,000 inhabitants in Lombardy , northern Italy , north of Milan , the capital of the province of Lecco .
Stayed three days in the Cave of Thur near Mecca .
It is also referred to as temporal frequency .
Larissa ( , ) is a city and the capital of the Thessaly periphery of Greece , and capital of the Larissa Prefecture .
The people of this site lived about 3000 BCE .
The year 2008 in science involved some significant events , listed below .
The district of Doda is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils :
The English Restoration , or simply put as the Restoration began in 1660 when the English , Scottish and Irish monarchies were all restored under Charles II after the Commonwealth of England that followed the English Civil War .
After obtaining 25.87 % of the vote in the first round of France 's presidential elections , Royal qualified for the second round of voting but lost with 46.94 % to Nicolas Sarkozy on May 6 , 2007 .
The term waka originally encompassed a number of differing forms , principally tanka ( , '' short poem '' ) and ch ka ( , '' long poem '' ) , but also including bussokusekika , sed ka ( , '' whirling head poem '' ) and katauta ( , '' poem fragment '' ) .
In the latter case , a bearing or bushing sits inside the hole in the wheel to allow the wheel or gear to rotate around the axle .
It is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe , about 5,000 years old .
The definition of symbiosis is in flux , and the term has been applied to a wide range of biological interactions .
It displayed the zodiac , the solar and lunar orbits , a crescent moon-shaped pointer traveling across a gateway causing automatic doors to open every hour , and five robotic musicians who played music when struck by levers operated by a camshaft attached to a water wheel .
Costello did n't record it himself until 1996 , on his album of the same title .
These cards are the player 's hole or pocket cards .
During British rule Kulachi was a tehsil of the old Dera Ismail Khan District .
Dimmu Borgir 's newest album , In Sorte Diaboli , was released April 24 , 2007 .
If the storm had been operationally recognized it would have been named Subtropical Storm Tammy , and storms forming after October 4 would have been moved one name down the list .
Overall damage from the storm was minor .
Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy written early in the career of playwright William Shakespeare about two young '' star-cross 'd lovers '' Romeo and Juliet , I. 0.6 .
'' The main reason behind this conclusion lies in the fact that I simply do n't see any future for me in the band anymore , at least not a future I 'd like to participate in over the coming years , '' he wrote in a statement posted to the band 's website on April 22 .
Her husband was the composer Robert Schumann .
George Harrison described the song as '' a typical 1950s -- '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer .
This number excludes redirects , discussion pages , image description pages , user profile pages , templates , help pages , portals , articles without links to other articles , and pages for Wikipedia administration .
The punter generally propels the punt by pushing against the river bed with a pole .
'' The Real '' was added to the title after a dispute with Filmation and its Ghost Busters properties .
The Slovenia national football team is the national football team of Slovenia and is controlled by the Football Association of Slovenia .
Porpoises ( also called mereswine ) are small cetaceans of the family Phocoenidae ; they are related to whales and dolphins .
Della Casa sang the part of Zdenka in the performance of Richard Strauss ' Arabella at Zurich Municipal Opera House to her revered soprano Maria Cebotari 's Arabella in 1946 .
In 1953 and 1954 , she was listed in the annual '' Quigley Poll of the Top Ten Money Making Stars '' , which was compiled from the votes of movie exhibitors throughout the United States for the stars that had generated the most revenue in their theaters over the previous year .
Winter held the Seal of Approval from the American Meteorological Society .
History The label was formed in 1990 by industry icon Lou Maglia ( former president of Island Records ) .
A motherboard is the central printed circuit board ( PCB ) in many modern computers and holds many of the crucial components of the system , while providing connectors for other peripherals .
He had a long career as a teacher , conductor and composer , moving among musical posts in Germany : Mannheim ( 1862-1864 ) , Koblenz ( 1865-1867 ) , Sondershausen , ( 1867-1870 ) , Berlin ( 1870-1872 ) , and Bonn , where he spent 1873-78 working privately .
Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Second generation biofuels are now being produced from a much broader range of feedstocks including the cellulose in dedicated energy crops ( perennial grasses such as switchgrass and Miscanthus giganteus ) , forestry materials , the co-products from food production , and domestic vegetable waste .
link
The Bills began competitive play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League and joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL merger .
Karim Benzema ( born 19 December 1987 ) is a French football player who currently plays for Spanish club Real Madrid in La Liga and the French national team .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' is one of the national anthems of New Zealand , together with '' God Save the Queen '' .
Thus it is the largest Wikipedia in a Romance language .
The Snorks are a race of small , colorful beings that live happily in the underwater world of Snorkland .
The Kea ( Nestor notabilis ) is a large species of parrot ( family Strigopidae ) found in forested and alpine regions of the South Island of New Zealand .
Kingsley Amis was married a second time , to the novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard from 1965 to 1983 , with whom he had no children .
It is used in chemistry and biology laboratories and consists of a tee fitting which is attached to a faucet and has a hose barb at one side .
Fronto was consul for 165 , probably in honor of the capture of Edessa .
Various isolated populations in Southeast Asia sometimes classified as black include the Austronesians and Papuans , the Andamanese islanders , the Semang people of the Malay peninsula , the Aeta people of Luzon , and some other small populations of indigenous peoples .
Silt may occur as a soil or as suspended sediment ( also known as suspended load ) in a surface water body .
The capital of Vorarlberg is Bregenz , although Dornbirn and Feldkirch are larger cities in terms of population .
In the conventional political spectrum , the party lies between the center and the centre-left .
From then on , estranged from his wife and young son , and with the property gone , Ben Hall gradually drifted into a life of crime .
She is dancing to Jay-Z 's solo rap in an exotic silk print over a fur coat , and kicks a fire hydrant .
If you do write an article on an area in which you are personally involved , be sure to write in a neutral tone and cite reliable , third-party , independent published sources , and beware of unintentional bias .
Yitzhak Shamir 1915 - 10 October 1983 13 September 1984 Likud 8 .
Pink Floyd recast itself from its 1960s guise as a quirky psychedelic band into a commercial mega-success with its series of concept albums , Most notably the double album rock opera The Wall which according to the RIAA is the third best selling album in history .
She is chiefly known for paintings of flowers , rocks , shells , animal bones and landscapes in which she synthesized abstraction and representation .
Veal is the meat of a young cattle ( calf ) .
A failed settler society : marriage and demographic failure in early Jamaica , Journal of Social History , Fall , 1994 , by Trevor Burnard
Japanese cuisine has developed over the centuries as a result of many political and social changes .
Evolutionary biology as an academic discipline in its own right emerged as a result of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s .
They can move to different locations on a beach break , up to tens of metres ( a few hundred feet ) a day .
Erloy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Situated 13 miles ( 21 km ) southeast of Seattle , Washington , Renton is located on the southeast shore of Lake Washington .
In 1854 , the most famous of all the pastors at New park Street started serving at the youthful age of 20 .
Jamestown was founded in 1659 by the East India Company and named after James , Duke of York , the future King James II of England .
Wainwright was born in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , the son of Martha Taylor , a yoga teacher , and Loudon Wainwright , Jr. , a columnist and editor for Life magazine .
On January 15 , 1936 , the first building to be completely covered in glass was constructed in Toledo .
We do know that whoever started this ritual brought to life a Chinese tradition that would last for well over a millennium . ''
Their debut album Twelve Stops and Home was released in the UK on June 5 , 2006 and on February 27 , 2007 in the US .
Air and Simple Gifts , performed by Itzhak Perlman on violin , Yo-Yo Ma on cello , Gabriela Montero on piano , and Anthony McGill on clarinet .
Classification Renal failure can broadly be divided into two categories : acute or chronic renal failure .
Jamie Szantyr ( born June 2 , 1981 ) is an American professional wrestler currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Velvet Sky .
Her family moved to many places , including Florida and Illinois , but eventually settled in Little Rock , Arkansas , where Evanescence started .
In November , a part of '' Nine in the Afternoon '' was played on an episode of the television show Heroes .
which displays as ( Archive 1 ) .
Others contain information on dangerous or otherwise risky activities ( see and ) .
Giorgio Napolitano is the President of the Italian Republic , whilst Silvio Berlusconi is the nation 's Prime Minister ( President of the Council of Ministers ) .
Output The output from a colorimeter may be displayed by an analogue or digital meter and may be shown as transmittance ( a linear scale from 0-100 % ) or as absorbance ( a logarithmic scale from zero to infinity ) .
Adam Troy Dunn ( born November 9 , 1979 , in Houston , Texas ) is a Major League Baseball first baseman and outfielder for the Washington Nationals .
Although it is commonly believed that the genus was named by Georges Cuvier in 1825 , Cuvier spelled it Loxodonte .
The Province of Pescara is a province in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss manufacture of prestige watches and a brand of the Richemont group .
Peter Rabbit appeared as a character in a 1971 ballet film , and the tale has been adapted to an animated television series .
Theerthagiri and his soldiers met them on their way to Kangeyam at the Noyyal River and defeated them .
In 1952 , Genscher fled to West Germany , where he joined the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
Between Clays Ferry in Madison County and Frankfort , the river passes through the Kentucky River Palisades , a series of dramatic steep gorges approximately 100 mi ( 160 km ) in length .
Riceville is a city in Howard and Mitchell Counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
They owned 17 tracks in Quebec , Ontario , New York , Ohio , Delaware , Illinois , Utah , and Louisiana at the time of Cattarinich 's death in 1938 .
'' Mad '' Max Rockatansky , sometimes referred to as The Road Warrior and The Man with No Name , is the main character from director George Miller 's Mad Max franchise , appearing in the films Mad Max , Mad Max 2 , and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome .
Examples of these lower standards include narrower than usual platforms and undecorated ceilings at Walthamstow Central , Blackhorse Road and Tottenham Hale , adversely affecting lighting levels .
He also wrote some serious sacred music : seventeen laude , a motet and a setting of the Lamentations of Jeremiah .
Requeil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Cuzco also lies near the equator , but at a much higher altitude in the Andean highlands , and also much drier .
It became the band 's second single to reach the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart , peaking at # 18 .
But this monument shows a Gem-type clip , not the one patented by Vaaler .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the Empire of India within the British Empire .
The latter part of the name can also be found as '' Binladen '' or ( as used by his family in the West ) '' Binladin '' .
Currywurst is often sold as a take-out/take-away food , Schnellimbisse ( snacks ) , at diners or '' greasy spoons , '' on children 's menus in restaurants , or as a street food .
A couple of years later he played some of his own compositions in Vienna where he heard Franz Liszt play , and met Liszt , Johannes Brahms and Anton Rubinstein .
Robert Cutler ( 1895 & ndash ; 1974 ) was a U.S. government official .
is the branch of invertebrate zoology which deals with the study of the Mollusca ( mollusks or molluscs ) , the second-largest phylum of animals in terms of described speciesHome - Division of Malacology - FLMNH after the arthropods .
In April 2007 he was appointed interim chairman of Transparency International Kenya branch .
Aberlin worked on various TV spots , and played Lady Aberlin on Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood .
Dunkirk ( , ; ; ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
The city lies in the southeast of the country , between the Atlantic Ocean and Lake Nokoué , located at 6 22 ' North , 2 26 ' East ( 6.36667 , 2.4333 ) .
Errol Leslie Flynn ( 20 June 1909 - 14 October 1959 ) was an Australian actor .
It is located at the mouth of the River Douglas , and a sweeping bay of two miles .
It is best known for Charlottenburg Palace , the largest surviving royal palace in Berlin , and the adjacent museums .
Luigi Rodolfo Boccherini ( February 19 , 1743 & ndash ; May 28 , 1805 ) was an Italian classical era composer and cellist whose music retained a courtly and galante style while he matured somewhat apart from the major European musical centers .
She is a two-time World Champion , seven-time European Champion , two-time Olympic medalist , a four-time Grand Prix Final Champion and a four-time Russian National Champion .
Classification and status Analysis of the Romani language has shown that it is closely related to those spoken in central and northern India .
A nor ` easter ( also northeaster ; see below ) is a type of macro-scale storm along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada , so named because the storm travels to the northeast from the south and the winds come from the northeast , especially in the coastal areas of the Northeastern United States and Atlantic Canada .
As a result , the subway is able to cross the Don Valley to Danforth Avenue on the east side .
An inventor is a person who creates or discovers a new method , form , device or other useful means .
The first series makes much of the imprisonment for debt of Mrs. Arless ( played by Dawn French ) but debtors ' prisons were abolished in 1869 .
The Central line is a London Underground line , coloured red on the tube map .
Wire rope is a type of rope which consists of several strands of metal wire laid ( or ` twisted ' ) into a helix .
Aznavour 's voice is shaded towards the tenor range , but possesses the low range and coloration more typical of a baritone , contributing to his unique sound .
Hopper 's belief that programs should be written in a language that was close to English rather than in machine code or languages close to machine code ( such as assembly language ) was captured in the new business language , and COBOL would go on to be the most ubiquitous business language to date .
Ultimately , the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser rise to a point where boiling begins ; steam bubbles rise to the top of the column .
Sugar is an informal term for a class of edible crystalline carbohydrates , mainly sucrose , lactose , and fructose characterized by a sweet flavor .
The daughter of two former Soviet champion gymnasts , Olympic gold medalist Valeri Liukin - the first man to do a triple backflip - and World Champion rhythmic gymnast Anna Kotchneva , Nastia Liukin was born in Moscow and moved to the United States as a young child .
Like Mother , Mother 3 has only a loose connection to EarthBound , starring new characters , though it does include several returning characters . A collection of Mother and EarthBound was released in Japan under the title Mother 1 + 2 .
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko ( , born 7 April 1949 ) is a Russian politician , a member of United Russia party .
Alvin started his National Soccer League ( NSL ) career at Wollongong Wolves in 1995 as a 21 year old .
John Calvin 's international influence on the development of the doctrines of the Protestant Reformation began in 1534 when Calvin was 25 . That marks his start on the first edition of Institutes of the Christian Religion ( published 1536 ) .
He was elected an FRS in 1921 - '' a qualification that makes other ones irrelevant '' .
Gellar 's first major break came in 1992 , when she starred in the serial Swans Crossing and was subsequently cast in the soap opera All My Children , playing Kendall Hart , the long-lost daughter of character Erica Kane ( Susan Lucci ) .
Brian '' Boosh '' Boucher ( pronounced Boo-shay ) ( born January 2 , 1977 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ahn Sun-Jin ( born September 19 , 1975 ) is a former South Korean football player .
If they are not sacraments , they still are rites to be performed as needed in the Church .
Set in 1547 , the novel tells the story of two young boys who are identical in appearance : Tom Canty , a pauper who lives with his abusive father in Offal Court off Pudding Lane in London , and Edward VI of England , son of Henry VIII of England .
Paul John Keating ( born 18 January 1944 ) is a former Australian politician , and was the 24th Prime Minister of Australia , serving from 1991 to 1996 .
This did not change the name of the city , although the city is coterminous with the district , and in law the city council is also the '' Corporation of Londonderry '' or , more formally , the '' Mayor , Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Londonderry '' . The form '' Londonderry '' is used for the post town by the Royal Mail , however use of Derry will still ensure delivery .
However Lakhdar Belloumi played 147 international matches , but only 89 games are recognized by FIFA .
Penske Racing is a division of Penske Corporation , and is owned and chaired by Roger Penske .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
David Bowie ( ; born David Robert Jones , 8 January 1947 ) is an English rock musician , who has also worked as an actor , record producer and arranger .
In Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , a series that debuted January 13 , 2008 , Glau played the role of Cameron Phillips , a Terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect John Connor and Sarah Connor from Skynet .
Those attempting to explain the anthropic principle often invoke ideas of multiple universes or an intelligent designer , both controversial and criticized for being untestable and therefore critics of the anthropic principle may point out that the anthropic principle is more of a philosophical concept , not a scientific one .
Shimla incidentally is a popular hill-station in India ( and '' Mirch '' means chilli in local languages ) .
This is useful for creating space for new operating systems ( works with Vista \/O/ Windows 7 System & Data partitions ) , reorganizing disk usage , copying data residing on hard disks and mirroring one partition with another ( disk imaging ) .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Gavrelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Finally , in 1842 the western part of Anson County was combined with the southeastern part of Mecklenburg County to become Union County .
Vitrolles-en-Luberon is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
In 1976 , he passed his second law examination and worked as a lawyer until 1990 .
Sagami Railway ( S tetsu )
An occurrence of data loss can be called a Data Loss Event and there are several possible root causes .
To native speakers , it is known only as Maya - '' Yucatec '' is a tag linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages ( such as K'iche ' and Itza ' Maya ) .
Dover 's public schools are operated by the Dover Area School District .
Heinz Hornig ( born 28 September 1937 in Gelsenkirchen , Germany ) is a former German football player .
However , this description is in direct contrast to the excitement Austen shows in her letters regarding publication and profit : Austen was a professional writer .
Climates can be classified according to the average and the typical ranges of different variables , most commonly temperature and precipitation .
The Nasrid dynasty rose to power after the defeat of the Almohad dynasty in 1212 at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa .
In 1824 , the area to the south of St. Johns County became Mosquito County , and Enterprise was named the County Seat . This massive county took up much of Central Florida .
Sled dogs , known also as sleighman dogs , sledge dogs , or sleddogs , are highly trained types of dogs that are used to pull a dog sled , a wheel-less vehicle on runners also called a sled or sleigh , over snow or ice , by means of harnesses and lines .
As head of the Scottish Government , the First Minister is directly accountable to the Scottish Parliament for his or her actions and the actions of the wider government .
Golden Balls is a British daytime game show on the ITV Network , presented by Jasper Carrott .
However , in response to the Elixir Sulfanilamide disaster of 1937 in which the eponymous drug killed more than 100 users , the U.S. congress passed laws that required safety testing of drugs on animals before they could be marketed .
This period and the Golden Age of Russian Poetry began with Alexander Pushkin , considered to be the founder of modern Russian literature and often described as the '' Russian Shakespeare '' .
After 1971 safety concerns led to the Grand Prix moving permanently to Mosport .
The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King 14 December 2004 .
Langnau im Emmental is a municipality in the district of Signau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Cinema and media theorist Vivian Sobchack examines the dialogue between science fiction film and the technological imagination .
The Soviets decided to make their stand at Stalingrad , which was in the path of the advancing German armies .
If the branch is taken , it is even worse , as all of the subsequent instructions that were in the pipeline need to be flushed .
Tteok is usually served as dessert or snack .
The FIA also introduced the European Formula Two Championship in 1967 .
The album version features rap vocals by David Jassy .
In many wrasses the opposite is true- most fish are initially female and become male when they reach a certain size .
Primarily recognized for his Senate tenure , Webster was a key figure in the institution 's '' Golden days '' .
Georges Cuvier first suggested that pterosaurs were flying creatures in 1801 , Cuvier , G. (/O1801/O) .
Cowry shells are also worn as jewelry or otherwise used as ornaments or charms . They are viewed as symbols of womanhood , fertility , birth and wealth .
It has the second highest per-capital income ( lower than only the Federal District ) and , with the states of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina , the highest standard of living in Brazil , despite the poverty in some peripheral parts of the largest cities .
Many users state that when they get a message , they will respond on your talk page instead of on their own .
It can connect several devices , overcoming problems of synchronization .
Chola power declined in the 12th and 13th centuries , and the Pandya dynasty enjoyed a brief period of resurgence thereafter during the rule of Sundara Pandya .
It signifies a high-resolve or a standard of high-status .
Meyer , p. 58 Johnson held his seat until 1806 when he was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the United States House of Representatives .
Bobby Ryan ( born Robert Shane Stevenson on March 17 , 1987 ) is an American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Breaking Dawn was released on August 2 , 2008 at midnight release parties in over 4,000 bookstores throughout the US .
Poland is also a member of the European Union , NATO , United Nations , World Trade Organization , and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
As with the Doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the Master is a Time Lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was Roger Delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973 .
Ike is also a short-form of the name Isaac .
Hugh A. Robertson ( May 28 , 1932-January 10 , 1988 ) ) was an African-American film director and editor .
In 2002 his setting of Psalm 150 , commissioned for the Queen 's Golden Jubilee , was performed at the Jubilee thanksgiving service in St Paul 's Cathedral , London .
He made his name in a long and successful career playing as a striker for numerous clubs in Scotland , particularly Forfar Athletic , Raith Rovers , Dundee United and Dunfermline Athletic .
Venus was commonly associated with the Greek goddess Aphrodite and the Etruscan deity Turan , borrowing aspects from each .
She grew up in Papua New Guinea , where her father worked as a patrol officer .
The Northwest Highlands are the northern third of Scotland that is separated from the Grampian Mountains by the Great Glen ( Glen More ) .
HRH The Princess RoyalB ( The Princess Anne ; b 1950 ) daughter of Queen Elizabeth II
Donna Noble is a fictional character played by Catherine Tate in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Unlike the unseen events before he had been involved with The album was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2005 , making it the best-selling debut album of the decade .
An electron microscope is a type of microscope that produces an electronically-magnified image of a specimen for detailed observation .
The huge Baltoro Glacier ( which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions ) rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri .
During World War I , he served in the German Army , finally as a First Lieutenant , and was awarded the Iron Cross .
Tests by Google on 2 September 2008 showed that V8 was about twice as fast as Firefox 3.0 and the WebKit nightlies ( of which Safari is a lightly modified version ) .
Even Stevens is an American comedy television series that aired on Disney Channel .
It is on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines between Farringdon and Moorgate , in Travelcard Zone 1 .
CHERUB is a series of young adult spy novels , written by the English author Robert Muchamore , focusing around a division of the British Security Service named CHERUB , which employs minors , predominantly orphans , as intelligence officers .
Nun is the fourteenth letter of many Semitic abjads , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic alphabet ( in abjadi order ) .
Barco , Eleazar .
The Biblical Mount Sinai is an ambiguously located mountain at which the Hebrew Bible states that the Ten Commandments were given to Moses by God .
Immediately to the east and northeast of Scottsdale is the McDowell Mountain Range .
The Pan American Games is a multi-sport event between competitors from all nations in Americas , held every four years in the year before the summer Olympic Games .
On 29 August 2006 , she released her fourth album A Public Affair , the album debuted at # 5 on the Billboard 200 , with 101,000 copies sold in its first week , and spent 10 weeks on the Billboard .
This page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and edit the English Wikipedia .
It is fast in both software and hardware .
Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is the third most populous suburb of Paris ( after Boulogne-Billancourt and Argenteuil ) .
The Killers are an American alternative rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , formed in 2002 .
History According to the legend told in the Odyssey of Homer , after the Trojan War a Greek official named Menestheus escaped with his troops through the Straits of Gibraltar and reached the Guadalete River .
The Named is a fantasy novel written by Marianne Curley .
Cold shock
Between 1878 and 1932 , Tagore visited more than thirty countries on five continents ; many of these trips were crucial in familiarising non-Indian audiences to his works and spreading his political ideas .
Events By Place Roman Empire A Roman army of 50,000 men commanded by Germanicus gains a great victory at Idistaviso , defeating the German war chief Arminius and capturing his wife Thusnelda , and recovering the lost eagles of Varus ' legions .
The game 's story follows that of The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker , and focuses on Link as he journeys to save his friend Tetra from the story 's antagonist , Bellum .
While Vajrayana Buddhism is a part of Tibetan Buddhism in that it forms a core part of every major Tibetan Buddhist school , it is not identical with it .
Poa pratensis is the type species of the grass family Poaceae .
In the reconstruction after the Great Fire , Hooke proposed redesigning London 's streets on a grid pattern with wide boulevards and arteries , a pattern subsequently used in the renovation of Paris , Liverpool , and many American cities .
Subsidiaries & Labels This list is probably incomplete , and some of the dates are uncertain .
Five ships of the Dutch Second Fleet were blown off course during a cyclone while on their way to the Spice Islands and landed on the island in 1598 , naming it in honor of Prince Maurice of Nassau , the Stadtholder of the Netherlands/LOCATION. , p. 13 .
Sergio Echigo ( Serujio Echigo , born July 28 , 1945 ) is a Nisei Japanese Brazilian football ( soccer ) player and former Japanese football player .
It is the largest political party in Serbia in terms of sitting Members of Parliament , and in what respects the international arena , the Democratic Party is a full member of the Socialist International and an associate member of the Party of European Socialists .
Leeds Rhinos are an English professional rugby league football club based in Leeds , West Yorkshire .
The first main survey of the Hundred Rolls , an English census seen as a follow up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086 , is finished ; it began in 1274 .
In a study of 17 patients with BDD , BDD was noted in only five patient charts , and none of the patients received an official diagnosis of BDD .
Pedro Virgilio Rocha Franchetti ( born 3 December 1942 in Salto ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played 52 games for the Uruguay national team between 1961 and 1974 rsssf : Uruguay record international footballers .
The first Hoysala family record is dated 950 and names Arekalla as the chieftain , followed by Maruga and Nripa Kama I (/O976/O) .
In Pakistan , each of the four provinces has a Governor who is appointed by the President .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a humanist , and wrote about resistance , love , peace , death and God .
'' The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage '' , shortened to '' The Only Difference '' for radio and convenience , is a single from Panic ! at the Disco 's debut , A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
Such dreams can be related to physical causes such as a high fever , turned faced down on a pillow during sleep , modern society , or psychological ones such as psychological trauma or stress in the sleeper 's life , or can have no apparent cause .
During the course of a day , they will switch over approximately every four hours or so , meaning that only one nostril is used at any one time .
As stated above , several large veal producers are working on phasing out veal crates , as well as the American Veal Association .
