Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass ( ) is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
In 1482 Leonardo , who according to Vasari was a most talented musician , created a silver lyre in the shape of a horse 's head .
Before they took off from the island , Daedalus warned his son not to fly too close to the sun , nor too close to the sea .
In parts of Australia , a shire is an administrative unit , but it is not synonymous with '' county '' there , which is a land registration unit .
He was named Player of the Tournament by UEFA at UEFA Euro 2008 .
Alicia Christian Foster , better known as Jodie Foster ( born November 19 , 1962 ) , is an American actor , director and producer .
Stefanie Sun has an older sister three years her senior called Sng Yee-kia , and a younger sister six years her junior named Sng Ee-mei .
The risk reduction increases with duration of use , with an 80 % reduction in risk for both ovarian and endometrial cancer with use for more than 10 years .
It is named after the Danshui River ; the name means '' fresh water '' .
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue (/O1988/O)
Samuel Osei Kuffour ( born 3 September 1976 ) is a retired Ghanaian professional footballer who played as a defender .
During his time in Cyprus , Mr. Perez de Cuellar married his current wife , the former Marcela Temple Seminario , with whom he has no children .
Subspecies There are two subspecies .
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc ( ; January 7 , 1899 -- January 30 , 1963 ) was a French composer and a member of the French group Les Six .
These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids ( in three dimensions ) and the regular polygons ( in two dimensions ) .
Adults are between 25 and 75 cm long , with hairy tails about 20-35 cm long .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children .
In 1938 , he was made Reader in Embryology at University College , London .
Basketball and football are perhaps the most popular in Siena .
The sinister side which is their left and your right shows a golden ( Or ) lion ( in rampant position ) on a blue ( azure ) field ( background ) : the emblem of the dukes of Geldern .
As an Italian language and culture for foreigners doctor , Abel Pardo is the author of the first works about contractive language between Leonese language and Italian , being the author of '' Linguistica Contrastiva Italiano-Leonese '' ( Contrastive Linguistic Italian-Leonese ) presented and approved in the University of Pavia Italy as a Laurea Tesis .
In 1996 , the second single , '' Spiderwebs '' , was successful , and '' Do n't Speak '' , a ballad written about Stefani and Kanal 's break-up , was released as the third single and broke the previous record when it topped the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay for sixteen weeks .
Clio is a city in Wayne County , Iowa , United States .
Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jesse Aarons , but they settled with him because they '' felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him '' .
Upon Arnold 's death in 1473 , Duke Charles added Guelders to his Burgundian Netherlands .
His most notable work , Vom Kriege ( On War ) , was unfinished at his death .
It is located by the village of Sandtoft , near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire .
The kingdom of Castile ( Castilla ) built a global empire , spreading its culture and language in the Americas and biologically and culturally mixing with the Indigenous peoples and ultimately , the African slaves , altering the composition of the hemisphere .
As Lear explains , Potter titled the The Tale of Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor 's Garden and sent it to publishers , but '' her manuscript was returned ... including Frederick Warne & Co. ... who nearly a decade earlier had shown some interest in her artwork .
He was elected to the House of Commons at the 1987 general election for Aberdeen South by defeating the sitting Conservative and Unionist MP Gerry Malone .
The current Drivers ' Champion is Lewis Hamilton , who won his first World Championship in 2008 .
La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On 9 September 1839 , HMS Beagle sailed into Darwin harbor during its surveying of the area . John Clements Wickham named the region '' Port Darwin '' in honor of their former shipmate Charles Darwin , who had sailed with them on the ship 's previous voyage which had ended in October 1836 .
Regarded as one of the better tight ends available in the 2010 NFL Draft , Ed Dickson was drafted in the 3rd round ( 70th overall ) by the Baltimore Ravens .
Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This perfectly symmetrical monument took 22 years ( 1630 - 1652 ) of labor and 20,000 workers , masons and jewellers to build and is set amidst landscaped gardens .
After his father went broke in 1926 , the family moved to Winnipeg , but were unable to afford to stay there .
With Tommy Johnson , he was the center of a small Jackson , Mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
On 7 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm . .
After signing with Reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , Dookie .
Instead , Co-operative candidates stand jointly with the Labor Party as '' Labor and Co-operative Party '' candidates .
It was situated on the crest of Shades Mountain in what is now the northern edge of the city .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
Vivaise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
These roads typically have a concrete median with a sentry box where police can stand guard and monitor traffic .
In March 2004 the United States FDA issued guidelines recommending that pregnant women , nursing mothers , and children limit their intake of tuna and other types of predatory fish .
It contains a sample of Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers ' song '' Searching for Soul '' , which was written by Chuck Middleton .
Mary Arthur was born in Greenwich , New York to William and Malvina S. Arthur .
Citizens of Hephzibah and Blythe , Georgia , also located in Richmond County , decided to maintain separate governments . Augusta and Richmond County 's consolidation took effect January 1 , 1996 , with the city and county merging operations .
It is subject of controversy whether elements of the mixed Daco -- Roman population survived in Transylvania through the Dark Ages ( becoming the ancestors of modern Romanians ) or the first Vlachs appeared in the area in the 13th century after a northwards migration from the Balkan Peninsula .
The Unraveling is the debut full-length album by American punk rock band Rise Against , released on April 24 , 2001 , and distributed through Fat Wreck Chords .
Their debut album Vikingligr Veldi arrived in 1994 with '' many melodies being borrowed from ethnic Scandinavian folk music to lend additional authenticity to the vicious , fast-paced black metal . ''
After passing the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast , and became extratropical on September 8 .
Despite adopting a name with religious connotations , lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed , in an interview on Steve Lamacq 's BBC Radio 1 show , that none of the band is religious .
Of the 1646 graves recorded to exist there , only 180 , those of prison staff and military personnel , are marked .
And , whereas , the matter has been thoroughly investigated by the State Historical Society and the Eclectic Society of Little Rock , which have agreed upon the correct pronunciation as derived from history , and the early usage of the American immigrants .
We build our temples for tomorrow , strong as we know how , and we stand on top of the mountain free within ourselves .
In this position he struggled to preserve the industrial base of this state which was based on steel production and coal mining with subsidies , and served as President of the Bundesrat in 1992/93 .
Saint-Simon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is a member of the family Alvarezsauridae , small coelurosaurian dinosaurs which are characterized by short but powerful forelimbs specialized for digging .
The ants will eventually die of exhaustion .
Over the next few years , Polydor tried to keep itself afloat with new artist signings , new releases , and reissues , while still becoming more and more dormant .
At WrestleMania , Lawler originally won his match against Cole , but , after celebrating his victory with Stone Cold , the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the ruling , due to Austin pushing Cole in the match , making Cole the victor instead .
Today , Kurdish is an official language in Iraq . In Syria , on the other hand , publishing material in Kurdish is forbidden .
George Smoot had main responsibility for measuring the small variations in the temperature of the radiation .
World Gazetteer .
Hodge and Stanfield became key elements of the Bruins ' success , and Esposito , who centered a line with Hodge and Wayne Cashman , became the league 's top goal-scorer and the first NHL player to break the 100 -- point mark , setting many goal - and point-scoring records .
The page history contains a list of the page 's previous revisions , including the date and time ( in UTC ) of each edit , the username or IP address of the user who made it , and their edit summary .
It is part of the Knight of the Swan tradition .
Fontaine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
A bishopric is established in Nitro .
Muhammad preferred women to pray at home rather than at a mosque , and according to the hadith Muhammad said : '' The best mosques for women are the inner parts of their houses '' , although Muhammad told Muslims not to forbid women from entering mosques .
Bagpipes are a class of musical instrument , aerophones , using enclosed reeds fed from a constant reservoir of air in the form of a bag .
Between 1983 and 1994 , four probes containing temperature and pressure measurement devices and video equipment were lowered into Old Faithful .
- though they can not differentiate between a Furby and a Furby Baby- they just assume it is a Furby .
However , the District was unable to sell the bonds until 1932 , when Amadeo Giannini , the founder of San Francisco -- based Bank of America , agreed on behalf of his bank to buy the entire issue in order to help the local economy .
Instead , they keep Saturday ( sunset to sunset ) as the Sabbath as a memorial to God 's work of creation believing that none of the ten commandments can ever be destroyed .
Sugar Ray Robinson ( born Walker Smith Jr. , May 3 , 1921 - April 12 , 1989 ) was a professional boxer .
k is the force constant ( or spring constant ) ( in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' ) .
Oberon ( ) , In US dictionary transcription , .
The Braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write .
The show became enormously successful and Boreanaz starred in a spin-off series , Angel , which gave the character a chance to evolve and concentrated on Angel 's battle for redemption for the sins he committed before he regained his soul .
The actual body armour costume worn by Jagger is on display at the Queanbeyan City Library , NSW , and the initials '' MJ '' are scratched on the inside .
Kenner produced no new dolls or toys thereafter .
In 1999 , Anti-Flag released the album A New Kind of Army on Go-Kart Records\/A-F Records .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
The original DECT frequency band ( 1880 MHz- 1900 MHz ) is used in all countries in Europe . Outside Europe , it is used in most of Asia , Australia and South America .
In On War , Clausewitz sees all wars as the sum of decisions , actions , and reactions in an uncertain , dangerous context but also as a socio-political phenomenon .
The release dates for Goodbye Lullaby and its lead single were pushed back several times .
To mark a page as patrolled , simply click the '' color = '' # 002bb8 '' ) '' link that appears in the bottom right corner of any new page .
We believe that men will be punished for their own sins , and not for Adam 's transgression .
Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill , former Dundee manager Jim Duffy and current Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have called for the winter break to be reinstated .
Four local motor racing enthusiasts proposed the construction of a new road linking existing public roads , which was used by the local car manufacturers to test their prototypes .
The name Volkswagen Caddy has been used by the Volkswagen Group to describe four different Caddy models :
By means of close contact among the bees it also supplies information about the type of food ( blossom scent ) .
In the United States , it is now illegal to block the migration of fish , for example the endangered great white sturgeon in North America , so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders .
Family Gymnotidae ( banded knifefishes and electric eel )
Teuillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Land Registry is responsible for publicly recording interests in registered land in England and Wales and reports to the Ministry of Justice .
In November 1941 , Murray was mentioned in despatches for the third time in his career for his excellent resistance to Rommell .
A semi-postal stamp or semipostal stamp is a postage stamp issued to raise money for some purpose ( such as a charitable cause ) and thus sold over and above the cost of postage .
Cyanides are produced by certain bacteria , fungi , and algae and are found in a number of plants .
Rick Rypien ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) within the Vancouver Canucks organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Since then , 17 convocations ( sessions ) of the Verkhovna Rada were held .
The word is a portmanteau of television and evangelism and was coined by Time magazine .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
IAU Circular No. 8625 describing the discovery The satellite orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix , at a distance of about 65,000 km .
Friends is an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman , which aired on NBC from September 22 , 1994 to May 6 , 2004 .
If attempts to restore the blood flow are initiated after a critical period of only a few hours , the result may be a reperfusion injury instead of amelioration .
The Code of Maimonides ( Mishneh Torah ) , Book Three : The Book of Seasons .
Hurt is a town in Pittsylvania County , Virginia , United States .
Since the arrival of the NASA Merritt Island launch sites on Cape Canaveral ( most notably Kennedy Space Center ) in 1962 , Florida has developed a sizable aerospace industry .
In 1981 , Butcher was part of the Ipswich side that won the UEFA Cup under Bobby Robson ( later Sir ) and came close to their first League title since 1962 , though they were pipped at the post by Aston Villa .
It has the largest financial endowment of any Australian university , standing at $ 1.1 billion as of 2009 .
He won the French Prix de Rome in 1882 , with his cantata Edith .
Its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the International Union of Geological Sciences ( IUGS ) , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .
The eighteenth and nineteenth-century British philosophers Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill defended the ethical theory of utilitarianism , according to which we should perform whichever action maximizes the aggregate good .
April 1 & ndash ; Benjamin Pierce , U.S. politician ( b. 1757 )
March 25 -- The first settlers arrive in St. Mary 's City , Maryland ( led by Lord Baltimore ) , the fourth permanent settlement in British North America .
Rather , it was a system in which strict regulations were applied to commerce and foreign relations by the shogunate , and by certain feudal domains ( han ) .
In 2007 Samuel Moreno Rojas was elected Mayor for the period 2008-2011 .
Renaissance music is European music written during the Renaissance .
One of them was his thirtieth career European goal , which he scored in a 2 -- 2 Champions League group stage draw with Lyon on 16 September 2004 , overtaking Denis Law 's previous club record of 28 goals .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sialkot - Government of Pakistan It is located at 32 19 ' 60N 74 20 ' 60EFalling rain - Location of Daska
Bochum ( ) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , western Germany .
The result is a sister language to French , Spanish and Italian , albeit a test-tube child , which differs from them by having sound-changes similar to those that affected the Welsh language , and words that are borrowed from Brythonic and from English throughout its pseudo-history .
Duisburg ( , ) is a German city in the western part of the Ruhr Area ( Ruhrgebiet ) in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Mario 's most commonly portrayed form of attack is jumping to stomp on the heads of enemies , first used in Super Mario Bros. .
The word is from French ( as ramequin ) , and before that Middle Dutch and Middle Low German - see ramekin for details .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz ( November 7 , 1903 in Vienna -- February 27 , 1989 in Altenberg , Vienna ) was an Austrian zoologist , ethologist , and ornithologist .
The doctor performing the operation was so unnerved that he had to be ordered to continue by Maria 's mother , Tsarina Alexandra .
Crouch is a city in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
The United States Census Bureau ( officially the Bureau of the Census , as defined in Title ) is the government agency that is responsible for the United States Census .
Yasunori Takada ( born 22 February , 1979 in Yokohama , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Thespa Kusatsu of the J-League .
Historical documents , however , suggest that a possibly stronger tropical storm , the 1842 Spain hurricane , struck the Iberian Peninsula on October 29 , 1842 .
However , pitch is not an objective physical property , but a subjective psychophysical attribute of sound .
Herodotus placed them in a region bordering Scythia in Sarmatia ( modern territory of Ukraine ) .
The relationship between the genera has been uncertain , although it has been suggested that they constitute a natural systematic unit and newer molecular analyses tend to support this position .
McGee , Harold .
As he matured he came to be well known beyond his power base in Worms and Speyer , so when the Saxon line died off and the elected monarchy for the German realm stood vacant , he was elected King of Germany in 1024 at the respectably old age of thirty-four years and crowned emperor of the Holy Roman Empire on March 26 , 1027 , becoming the first of four kings and emperors of the Salian Dynasty .
The song '' Kaerimichi '' released on her fifth single '' My Lover '' is the first song released for which she wrote the lyrics and composed the music for .
Sauviac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The deal is for 2007 to 2011 , with an option for 2012 to 2016 .
In 1936 , Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring back a live giant panda , a cub named Su Lin who went to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago .
A computer network is a group of interconnected computers .
The data and program memory were separated , operation was instruction based , the control unit could make conditional jumps and the machine had a separate I/O unit .
The thallium is several times precipitated from the solution and to remove further impurities . At the end it is converted to thallium sulfate and the thallium is extraced by electrolysis on platinum or stainless steel plates .
Three jurors are appointed annually .
John Forbes Nash , Jr. ( born June 13 , 1928 ) is an American mathematician whose works in game theory , differential geometry , and partial differential equations have provided insight into the forces that govern chance and events inside complex systems in daily life .
He was selected in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators in the first round , sixth overall .
There may be several minimum spanning trees of the same weight having a minimum number of edges ; in particular , if all the edge weights of a given graph are the same , then every spanning tree of that graph is minimum .
During his tenure he campaigned for the creation of the United States Department of Agriculture under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , of which he served as its inaugural Secretary for the remainder of Cleveland 's term .
Garbo also commissioned a death mask of Murnau , which she kept on her desk during her years in Hollywood .
Its earliest predecessors were built in Ancient Greece in the third century BC .
The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Three years later , the First French Empire -- to which he was heir -- collapsed .
Khomein County is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
The Mirror went through a protracted crisis before merging with the regional newspaper group Trinity to form Trinity Mirror in 1999 .
October & ndash ; In England , the Second Barons ' War winds down as supporters of the slain rebel leader Simon de Montfort make an offer of peace to the king in the Dictum of Kenilworth ; after slight modifications to the peace settlement , it is agreed to the following year .
He was awarded the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of the electron and his work on the conduction of electricity in gases .
Letters that arose from tau include Roman T and Cyrillic Te ( , ) .
The Highland Football Academy is situated behind the Academy End and an Astroturf pitch adjacent to the East Stand .
Finn rose to prominence in the late 1970s after replacing singer songwriter Phil Judd in his brother Tim Finn 's band Split Enz .
The Bliss Copy , named for Colonel Alexander Bliss , Bancroft 's stepson and publisher of Autograph Leaves , is the only draft to which Lincoln affixed his signature .
They include many of the major figures , such as Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldr and Tyr .
In her youth she was known at court as Mademoiselle de Conti .
John Robin Warren AC ( born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide ) is an Australian pathologist , Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re-discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori , together with Barry Marshall .
The wearing of costumes has become an important part of such holidays and festivals as Mardi Gras and Halloween ( see Halloween costume for more information ) , and ( to a lesser extent ) people may also wear costumes in conjunction with other holidays , such as Christmas and Easter .
Bodmin is a civil parish and major town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The East Stand is a two tier development completed in 1993 .
Bougy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Spiderbait are an Australian rock band who have had two top ten albums and another three albums reach the Australian top 40 .
It is the capital of Centre department .
Jammu and Kashmir is referred to in Pakistan as Indian-occupied Kashmir .
Carloman II ( c. 866 & ndash ; 12 December 884 ) , King of Western Francia , was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde of Burgundy , and became king , jointly with his brother Louis III of France , on his father 's death in 879 .
Formal languages are studied in computer science and linguistics ; the field of formal language theory studies the purely syntactical aspects of such languages ( that is , their internal structural patterns ) .
Zuffa Purchases IFL Instead of the established norm for MMA events , where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs , each IFL card was a showdown between two camps of at least three fighters , each fighter fighting one match against another in the opposing camps .
New York In New York , a town is similarly a division of the county , but with less importance than in New England .
The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points .
Amsterdam or Rotterdam , Netherlands In 2005 , the Dutch sporting confederation NOC * NSF began considering a submission to bid to host the 2028 Summer Olympic and Paralympic games in the capital of the Netherlands .
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information .
Carl Heinrich Carsten Reinecke ( June 23 , 1824-March 10 , 1910 ) was a German composer , conductor , and pianist .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
In parts of Scotland and Ireland , Catholics loyal to James remained determined to see him restored to the throne , and there followed a series of bloody though unsuccessful uprisings .
While Timon and Pumbaa distract the hyena guardians , Simba finally confronts Scar on Pride Rock . Scar turns the tables by stating that Simba caused Mufasa 's demise and forces Simba towards the edge of Pride Rock , where he holds on for dear life as lightning sets fire to Pride Rock .
After he retired from music he worked for a private security company at KTTV studios .
The original version ( with the excerpted items highlighted ) appears in Book 1 , sections 1.10.32-33 ( pagination varies by publisher ) : [ 32 ] Sed ut perspiciatis , unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium , totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa , quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt , explicabo .
The highest recorded eruption was high .
Alex Kendrick directed the film , and also co-wrote and co-produced it with his brother , Stephen Kendrick .
After the sacking of 1237 - 1238 , when the Mongols burned the city to the ground and killed its inhabitants , Moscow recovered and became the capital of the independent Vladimir-Suzdal principality in 1327 .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Wolstenholme and his wife Kelly married in December 2003 , have four children ( Alfie ,11 , Ava-Jo ,9 , Frankie ,7 , and Ernie ,2 , ) , and are presently expecting their fifth child , due early November 2010 .
If the defense makes no attempt to put the baserunner out ( for example , if the catcher does n't even look his way ) , the play is scored as defensive indifference ( also called fielder 's indifference ) , and no stolen base is credited to the runner .
She scored 183.23 points overall , winning her second consecutive bronze medal at the World Championships .
A player who matches a bet may also raise , increasing the bet .
The use of the word theism as indicating a particular doctrine of monotheism arose in the wake of the scientific revolution of the seventeenth century to contrast with the then emerging deism that contended that God , though transcendent and supreme , did not intervene in the natural world and could be known rationally but not via revelation .
Di Grassi 's career in karting peaked in 2000 , with a 5th place in the Formula A World Championship .
Ferrabosco was living in England until 1578 , which could explain the large number of his compositions in the book ; he was relatively unknown in Italy .
A variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or incorporating non-linear expressions .
Ugny-le-Gay is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Like many economies , the market economy depends on the division of labor .
Many state officials attended the show designed by K-events Filmmaster Group .
There is a band of red spots across the hind wing .
When depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
She is currently living in Ilkley , West Yorkshire , and attends Bradford Grammar School , where she is a member of the Ilkley Upstagers ' Theatre Group
He has received a number of prizes and awards , including the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics which he shared with Stephen Hawking for their contribution to our understanding of the universe .
Weapons Customs Officers use Glock pistols , M16 rifles , shotguns , personal body armour , batons , capsicum ( OC ) spray , and handcuffs .
Igor Cvitanovi ( born November 1 , 1970 in Osijek ) is a retired Croatian football striker .
Star Trek : First Contact is the eighth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise , released in November 1996 by Paramount Pictures .
In folk and bluegrass music , the instrument is also referred to as a bass fiddle or bass violin ( or more rarely as doghouse bass or bull fiddle ) .
Timberville is a town in Rockingham County , Virginia , United States .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
In 1840 , the Adelaide City Council and the Sydney City Council were established .
Since 1896 , Brooklyn has had the same boundaries as Kings County , which is now the most populous county in New York State and the second most densely populated county in the United States , after New York County ( Manhattan ) .
The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence ( DCI ) was the head of the United States Central Intelligence Agency , the principal intelligence advisor to the President and the National Security Council , and the coordinator of intelligence activities among and between the various United States intelligence agencies ( collectively known as the Intelligence Community since 1981 ) .
A bowl is a common open-top container used in many cultures to serve food , and is also used for drinking and storing other items .
Donna Anna appears , chasing Don Giovanni , who is masked .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Andreas Bernd Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Renewable energy technologies provide opportunities for mitigating greenhouse gases .
Chronology The three-age system divides human technological prehistory into three periods : the Stone Age , the Bronze Age and the Iron Age .
For other uses , see Boa constrictor ( disambiguation ) The Boa constrictor ( Boa constrictor ) is a large , heavy-bodied species of snake .
The interior of the Earth , like that of the other terrestrial planets , is divided into layers by their chemical or physical ( rheological ) properties , but unlike the other terrestrial planets , it has a distinct outer and inner core .
_ Basil_E .
It is the country 's seventh-largest city and the largest seaport in Poland on the Baltic Sea .
In film industry slang such films are referred to as having been '' vaulted . ''
Comp Infibous Biochem Physiol C Pharmacol Toxicol Endocrinol/O. , 124 (/O3/O) :227 -232 .
Nicoma Park is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
For other uses , see Quetzal ( disambiguation ) .
Room on the 3rd Floor is the debut album by English pop rock McFly .
A striking modernist new building ( the ` big ' church ) was begun in 1954 under the eye of the then Bishop Young , later Archbishop of Hobart .
Paride Tumburus ( born 8 March 1939 ) is a retired Italian footballer .
In the early 1950s , the Ford Motor Company became a publicly traded corporation that was no longer entirely owned by members of the Ford family .
As the 75 took shape , this core engineering was passed over to Rover and evolved into the Rover 75 structure .
Vignonet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
John Ross became the chief of the tribe in 1828 and remained the chief until his death in 1866 .
He resides in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania USA , and maintains a post office box in Flourtown , PA , the international headquarters of the KLI .
Banda Batang
Most CPUs since the 1980s have used one or more caches , and modern microprocessors inside personal computers may have as many as half a dozen , each specialized to a different part of the task of executing programs .
Department of Statistics
However , in 1529 the foundation was taken over by King Henry VIII .
The council was formally opened May 20 , in the central structure of the imperial palace at Nicaea , with preliminary discussions of the Arian question .
It was originally a National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) and World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) championship , and is currently the secondary championship of the Raw brand .
Dextromethorphan ( DXM or DM ) is an antitussive drug .
In 1650 , when the English Parliament banned independent Christian organizations from meeting together , this congregation braved persecution until 1688 , when the Baptists were once again allowed to worship in freedom .
The downside is that instructions tend to have more sequential dependencies , reducing instruction-level parallelism .
The Long Parliament passes the Grand Remonstrance , part of a series of legislation designed to contain Charles I 's absolutist tendencies .
Despite being based in Scotland , the club participated in English football from 1947 until elected to the Scottish Football League at the third attempt in 2002 .
Qantas was founded in Winton , Queensland on 16 November 1920 as Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services Limited .
He was once said to have lived to be 99 years old , but it is more likely that he died in his 90th or 91st year .
In addition , the '' main street '' traversing Aurora , Denver , and Lakewood , Colorado , and abutting the Colorado State Capitol is named '' Colfax Avenue '' in the politician 's honor .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
The county of Somerset derives its name from the town .
The Secret of NIMH ( alternatively spelled The Secret of N.I.M.H. ) is a 1982 animated film adaptation of the Newbery Medal-winning book Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH ( Mrs. Frisby 's name is changed to '' Brisby '' in the film due to trademark concerns with Frisbee discs ) , written by author Robert C. O ` Brien .
After the Conservatives lost the 1880 election and Disraeli 's death the year after , Salisbury emerged as Conservative leader in the House of Lords , with Sir Stafford Northcote leading the party in the Commons .
Montagnola was formerly a municipality of its own , but was merged with Agra and Gentilino in 2004 to form the new municipality Collina d'Oro .
Pakistani -- British relations are the relations between Pakistan and the United Kingdom .
Shock may refer to :
Defines if talk page should be opened when calling revert from a user 's contributions page . This is because from there , actions may be multiple , and opening the talk page not suitable .
Eastern Arizona College , Thatcher
He married Infanta Isabella , the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid .
If the axis is within the body , and passes through its center of mass the body is said to rotate upon itself , or spin .
The Second International ( 1889 -- 1916 ) was an organization of socialist and labor parties formed in Paris on July 14 , 1889 .
Subtropical storms are not included in season totals , and thus values accrued while Laura was subtropical are not included in its ACE total .
Sci/O. , 2004 , 3 , 337 - 340 , DOI : 10.1039 / b316210a [ ] The light from the Sun that reaches the earth is largely composed of non-ionizing radiation , with the notable exception of some ultraviolet rays .
They travelled with a Baedeker guidebook , but the two women soon became lost after missing the turn for the main avenue , Allée des Deux Trianons .
The Rio Hondo College and Rio Hondo Preparatory School were named after the river .
A straight-8 can be timed for inherent primary and secondary balance , with no unbalanced primary or secondary forces or moments .
Auvergne is one of the least populated régions in Europe , let alone France .
Western Australia , Queensland and the Northern Territory do not observe daylight saving .
The Coast Miwok were the second largest group of Miwok Native American people .
Innovation , the process of making changes to something established by introducing something new Innovations ( journal ) , an academic journal about entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges Financial innovation , a term used in some discourses on economy Innovation Department Stores , former Belgian department store chain , well known for the disastrous 1967 fire .
The United Nations estimated that 1.50 million people were '' severely affected '' by this cyclone.Abs-Cbn Interactive , UN : 1.5 million people affected by Myanmar storm Estimates of the people still missing were 55,917 , with 77,738 confirmed dead .
The Gospel According to Luke ( , to kata Loukan euangelion ) , commonly shortened to the Gospel of Luke or simply Luke , is the third and longest of the four canonical Gospels . This synoptic gospel is an account of the life and ministry of Jesus of Nazareth .
Ares is a sheep , Aphrodite is a cow , Artemis is a rabbit , and Zeus is a mouse .
He broke with the positivist orientation of the science and philosophy of his day , yet he elaborated critiques of historicism and of psychologism in logic . Not limited to empiricism , but believing that experience is the source of all knowledge , he worked on a method of phenomenological reduction by which a subject may come to know directly an essence .
The need for ships to round the Cape Horn was greatly reduced by the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914 .
Solomonovo ( ; ) is a village in the Uzhhorodskyi Raion ( district ) of the Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
The ACT and the NT also elect two senators each .
He was a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC 's The Today Show and Hardball .
He was named in Sweden 's 23-man squad for UEFA Euro 2008 , and has since become a regular in the national team .
The only extant playwright from the period is Menander .
Some features of PuTTY are :
Ninety percent of Nicaraguans live in the Pacific lowlands and the adjacent interior highlands .
The Salt Creek tiger beetle ( Cicindela nevadica lincolniana ) is an example of an endangered subspecies protected under the ESA .
Cagliari became the first ever out-right champions of Serie C during the 1951 -- 52 season , prior to that in the league the championship was shared amongst more than one team .
The 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a 6.9 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 11 March 2010 , at 11:39 local time ( 14:39 UTC ) .
When Sagan learned of this he sued Apple Computer to force the use of a different project name .
Pat Sajak ( ; born Patrick Leonard Sajdak on October 26 , 1946 ) is a television personality , former weatherman , actor and talk show host , best known as the host of the American television game show Wheel of Fortune .
Call is too late ; the adult Aliens have already been created and quickly escape their confinement , damaging the ship and killing most of its crew .
On November 11 , 2003 , Atlantic Records released a greatest hits album , Thank You , with a bonus DVD .
Immunity aware programming is one kind of defensive programming .
Ottobrunn is a municipality southeast of Munich , Bavaria , Germany , founded in 1955 .
The World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship contested for in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
In paintings made en plein air ( outdoors ) , shadows are boldly painted with the blue of the sky as it is reflected onto surfaces , giving a sense of freshness and openness that was not captured in painting previously .
In October 2008 , it was crowned the worst road in Ontario .
The city lies on the Bahlui River , a tributary of the Jijia ( tributary of the Prut ) .
In Greek mythology the Horae or Hours ( , H rai , '' seasons '' ) were three goddesses controlling orderly life .
Nickolas Gene '' Nick '' Carter ( born January 28 , 1980 ) is an American actor , musician , and pop singer .
, but , by error , an Archimedean spiral was placed there instead .
The 91st IOC Session , held in Seoul on 15 September 1988 , voted Lillehammer the host for the games .
Gianluigi Buffon , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRIFIFA.comAscotSportal.com ( born 28 January 1978 in Carrara ) , is an Italian FIFA World Cup-winning goalkeeper who plays for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team .
MythBusters is a science entertainment TV program created and produced by an Australian company , Beyond Television ProductionsBeyond Productions Ventures originally for the Discovery Channel in the United States .
Simone wrote '' Four Women '' , a song about four different stereotypes of African-American women , and included the recording on her Wild Is the Wind album in 1966 .
Traditionally , Hawaii is known as the '' Big Island '' to reduce confusion between Hawaii Island and the state .
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given '' to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League . ''
Nicolas Sebastien Anelka ( ; born 14 March 1979 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Chelsea .
Once fully differentiated , the Sertoli cell is unable to proliferate . Therefore , once spermatogenesis has begun , no more Sertoli cells are created .
William Calvin Oates ( either November 30 or December 1 , 1835 September 9 , 1910 ) was a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War and later the Democratic Governor of Alabama from 1894 to 1896 .
is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
The two best known such republics were Venice ( where he was called a Doxe ) and Genoa , which rivaled each other , and the other regional great powers , by building their historical city-states into maritime , commercial , and territorial mini-empires .
On the evening of May 27 , 1971 , shortly after 21:00 , a train made up of two Class VT 95 railbuses of the Deutsche Bundesbahn was running as special service Eto 42227 ( units 795 375 + 995 325 ) on the single-track line between Wuppertal-Oberbarmen and Radevormwald , the so-called Wupper valley line .
As the system rapidly continued westward , much of the convection remained near the center of the upper-level low , preventing development of a closed surface circulation .
Since 1995 , their engines have powered McLaren 's Formula One cars .
Macaulay Carson Culkin ( born August 26 , 1980 ) is an American actor .
A member of a famous cricketing family , Pollock is widely regarded as South Africa 's greatest cricketer , and as one of the finest batsmen to have played Test cricket .
A volumetric flask is a piece of laboratory glassware used in analytical chemistry for the preparation of solutions .
Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein ( 26 April 1889 -- 29 April 1951 ) was an Austrian-British philosopher who worked primarily in logic , the philosophy of mathematics , the philosophy of mind , and the philosophy of language .
Busan ( Officially Busan Metropolitan City ) , formerly spelled Pusan is South Korea 's second largest metropolis after Seoul , with a population of around 3.6 million . It is the largest port city in South Korea and the fifth largest port in the world .
Fresh and dried dill leaves ( sometimes called '' dill weed '' to distinguish it from dill seed ) are used as herbs , mainly in the Baltic , in Russia , and in central Asia .
Speakers of Khowar have also migrated heavily to Pakistan 's major urban centres with Islamabad , Lahore and Karachi , having sizeable populations .
In 2009 , an additional of previously undetected portions of the wall , built during the Ming Dynasty , were discovered .
With only five songs and lasting 66 minutes , the album featured Opeth 's longest song , the twenty-minute '' Black Rose Immortal '' .
Josiah Wedgwood ( 12 July 1730 -- 3 January 1795 ) was an English potter , credited with the industrialization of the manufacture of pottery .
Peter Sauber had previously announced , on November 29 , that the team 's chassis for the 2010 season would be designated Sauber C29 , while the Swiss newspaper Blick reported that the team will be called Team Sauber F1 .
Born in Marseilles to a Jewish family from Aix-en-Provence , Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met his fellow group members Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre .
Recke is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Rich Costey -- mixing
Established in 1841 with seven students and two teachers , the college is currently the largest unit at U-M in terms of the number of students enrolled .
Thiruvannamalai has long been associated with many yogis and siddhars , The temple town of Tiruvannamalai and more recently the 20th century guru Ramana Maharshi , who lived in Mount Arunachala , now a popular spiritual tourism destination .
In 1895 the World introduced the immensely popular The Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault , the first newspaper comic printed with color .
More than one million civilian visitors crossed the DMZ until the route was closed following the shooting of a 53-year-old South Korean tourist in July 2008 .
Branching ( software ) in software development
In some versions , the sliced filling is first dipped in beaten eggs and dredged in flour or breadcrumbs before frying .
Fancy rats have their origins as the targets for blood sport in 18th and 19th century Europe . Specially bred as pets since then , fancy rats now come in a wide variety of colors and coat types and there exists several rat fancy groups worldwide .
Kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , either forming the genus Fortunella , or placed within Citrus sensu lato .
Paul Blomfield ( L )
As a female singer , Hamasaki holds several domestic records for her singles , such as the most number-one hits overall by a female artist , the most consecutive number-one hits ( also by a female artist ) , the highest sales , and the most million-sellers .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
The name Hengest means '' stallion '' and Horsa means '' horse '' , reminiscent of the horse sacrifice connected to the inauguration of pagan kings .
Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents ( ; September 1 1889 - July 17 1937 ) was an Armenian writer , poet and public activist .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC ( 12 July 1885 & ndash ; 5 August 1916 ) was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
The current ISO 4217 code for the peso is MXN ; prior to the 1993 revaluation ( see below ) , the code MXP was used .
Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , (/O2004/O) Including the correct post town in the address increases the chances of a letter or parcel being delivered on time .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
In 1692 , he composed The Fairy-Queen ( an adaptation of Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream ) , the score of which ( his longest for theater ) was rediscovered in 1901 and published by the Purcell Society .
The population was 656 at the 2000 census ; in the 2004 census estimate it was 1,700 .
Like their higher-powered sisters , the BRCW Classes 27 and 33 , they had all-steel bodies and cab ends .
Their provisions were finished just before the end of the journey , and the whole party was very near exhaustion .
Nintendo released Zelda II in North America in 1988 , one year after its initial release in Japan , converting the game from its initial Disk System format to the NES cartridge .
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
It is located on the Olympic Highway at the point where it crosses the Muttama Creek , between Junee and Cowra .
Following his death in 1969 , Mar Addai II was elected to head the Ancient Church of the East in February 1970 .
The House of Commons of Canada ( ) is a component of the Parliament of Canada , along with the Sovereign ( represented by the Governor General ) and the Senate .
It is located on the west coast of the island and adjacent to Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the capital city of Sri Lanka .
He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
It is most likely he was born on the farm of his grandfather , James Quinn , for whom his father John Kelly was working .
He then mentions that an ill-meaning woman named Madame Medusa had tried to lure Penny in to her car earlier that week , and this may be the woman responsible for Penny 's disappearance .
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 ) Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton ( 1797 - 1873 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
The standing Navy Royal , with its own secretariat , dockyards and a permanent core of purpose-built warships , was created in the 16th century during the reign of Henry VIII .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win .
Seasonal references in the Hebrew calendar reflect its development in the region east of the Mediterranean Sea and the times and climate of the Northern Hemisphere .
The AIESEC network as of June 2010 includes over 50,000 students in 111 countries and territories , making it the largest student driven organization in the world .
Monza is a city on the river Lambro , a tributary of the Po , in the Lombardy region of Italy some 15 km north-northeast of Milan .
The reform was largely carried out by Saint Odo ( c. 878 -- 942 ) and spread through France ( Burgundy , Provence , Auvergne , Poitou ) , England , and much of Italy and Spain.Justus.Anglican.org Corruption The impetus for the reform was corruption within the church , particularly simony and concubinage .
They are a distinct evolutionary branch of the Archaea , and are generally considered extremophiles , although not all members of this group can be considered as such .
The first genuine safety bicycle , the Rover , is built by John K Starley , the nephew of James Starley of Coventry Company .
Johannes ( '' John '' ) Maria van Loen ( born February 4 , 1965 in Utrecht ) is a former football striker from The Netherlands , who earned seven caps for the Netherlands national football team , in which he scored one goal .
Ned Kelly - The Victorian colonial government passed a law on 30 October 1878 to make the Kelly gang outlaws : they no longer had any legal rights and they could be shot by anyone .
Mount Sipylus indeed has a natural rock formation which resembles a female face , and it has been associated with Niobe since ancient times Pausanias .
It is used by listeners for yoga , massage , meditation , and reading as a method of stress management or to create a peaceful atmosphere in their home or other environments , and is often associated with environmentalism and New Age spirituality .
Jasper is a city in Dubois County , Indiana , United States .
October 18 Brooklyn is chartered under the name Brueckelen by Mathias Nicolls , Governor of New Netherlands .
State quantities depend only on the thermodynamic state , and cumulative variation of such properties adds up to zero during a cycle .
It was discovered by Johann Palisa on October 25 , 1888 in Vienna and was named aptly after the ultimate northern land of Thule .
The rank of '' Brigadier of the Armies '' was abolished and the normal brigade command rank , Field Marshal , was replaced by Brigade General .
Irish missionaries preach in Scotland and Germany .
Being a satyr , Grover loves nature very much and hates pollution .
As a result , it has been argued that psychosis is simply an extreme state of consciousness that falls beyond the norms experienced by most .
Raffles Institution ( Secondary ) ( RI ( Secondary ) ) is the all-boys ' Secondary section of Raffles Institution .
In 1998 , Tony George arranged for Formula One to return to the US for the first time since 1991 .
Like several other upper Gulf Coast cities , Bay Saint Louis was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 ( see details below ) and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
Hunza was a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan until 1974 .
In 1798 Stans was stormed by French troops , following the decision of Nidwalden not to adopt the constitution of the Helvetic Republic .
Churchill F.B. 1974 .
When consumed in extract or tea form it is an expectorant of mucus from the respiratory tract , therefore relieving congestion , can regulate blood pressure , and can dispel gas .
The main leading rivalry scripted into the event on the Raw brand was between John Cena and Randy Orton over the WWE Championship .
A simple example is randomized quicksort , where the pivot is chosen randomly , but the result is always sorted .
Some Christian denominations who believe these rites do not communicate grace prefer to call them ordinances .
Also , water vapor is released into the atmosphere through these pores in a process called transpiration .
The dispute is subsequently fuelled by a long-running cycle of retaliatory violence .
They inhabit the plains and open woodlands of Africa , especially the Serengeti National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Tanzania , and Masai Mara Game Reserve in Kenya .
There is the gold Hall of Fame Award ( 1991 -- 2000 ) , the silver Wannabe Award ( 2001 -- 2008 ) , the green Big Green Help Award ( 2009 -- present ) and the silver glitter Big Help Award ( 2010-present ) .
Heroes may refer to :
The Lord Mayor of the City of London is also the chancellor of the City University of London .
According to chapters , Jesus of Nazareth gave this sermon ( estimated around AD 30 ) on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd .
The next edition is to be held in Brazil in 2014 .
The male performers were also referred to as '' Wrestlers '' as opposed to '' Superstars '' ( later '' Extremists '' was used as the official label ) , and female performers were called '' Vixens '' instead of Divas .
At 2,500 m ( 8,200 ft ) , it is a popular tourist resort in the summer months .
Glemsford is a village in the Babergh district in Suffolk , England , near the town of Sudbury .
The game received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006 .
The first of these matches was a Singles match from the SmackDown brand that featured The Undertaker defeating World Heavyweight Champion Edge to win the title .
Their first release , '' Candyholic '' , was released in March and reached the second spot on the Oricon indies single chart .
The original game was primarily a 2D platform video game .
The circuit was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke , the same architect who designed the Sepang circuit in Malaysia .
The game features the revived ECW brand , and it takes its place alongside the established Raw and SmackDown !
Treatment Besides treating the water and electrolyte abnormalities , octreotide ( a somatostatin analogue ) can be used to temper symptoms .
However , a few storms have crossed into Arizona still with tropical storm strength .
Alessandro Altobelli ( born 28 November 1955 in Sonnino , Latina ) is a former professional Italian footballer .
Prior to European settlement the Grenfell area was home to the Wiradjuri Aborigines .
Origny-en-Thiérache is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon are considered to be one of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
His second wife , Alice , died in 1911 and his oldest son Jean , who had married Alice 's daughter Blanche , Monet 's particular favourite , died in 1914 .
Psi or PSI may refer to :
The procedure of deferentectomy , also known as a vasectomy , is a method of contraception in which the vasa deferentia are permanently cut , though in some cases it can be reversed .
Ray 's first film , Pather Panchali ( 1955 ) , won eleven international prizes , including Best Human Document at the Cannes film festival .
Like other Type 1 designs , they were relatively small locomotives intended primarily for local freight traffic .
Ananke
However , freedom of the press is not necessarily enabling freedom of speech . Judith Lichtenberg has outlined conditions in which freedom of the press may constrain freedom of speech , for example where the media suppresses information or stifles the diversity of voices inherent in freedom of speech .
The capital is Layyah .
He is considered a master of the elegiac couplet , and is traditionally ranked alongside Virgil and Horace as one of the three canonic poets of Latin literature .
Transposons are found in all major branches of life .
The current Secretary of Education is Arne Duncan .
The Plume edition is also published in a Signet edition .
Renewable energy is energy which comes from natural resources such as sunlight , wind , rain , tides , and geothermal heat , which are renewable ( naturally replenished ) .
It is characterized by a regular bass figure , an ostinato and the most familiar example of shifts of level , in the left hand which elaborates on each chord , and trills and decorations from the right hand .
The Principality of Sealand is a micronation located on HM Fort Roughs , a former World War II Maunsell Sea Fort in the North Sea 10 km ( six miles ) off the coast of Suffolk , England ( 51 53 ' 40 '' N , 1 28 ' 57 '' E ) .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball and there were scheduling conflicts .
The range is mostly located in the United States but extends into southeastern Canada , forming a zone from 100 to 300 miles ( 160 to 480 km ) wide , running from the island of Newfoundland 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) south-westward to central Alabama in the United States .
Its population has grown rapidly over the past ten years to about 100,000 but , it is still one of the smallest capital cities in Africa .
Lilo & Stitch 2 : Island Favorites is the soundtrack of the film .
Malcolm Barber , The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple .
The Lion is a symbol of Haile Selassie .
A butt plug is a sex toy designed to be inserted in the anus and rectum for sexual pleasure .
It takes its name from the Morava River which rises in the northwest of the region .
The biblical story of Noah is contained in chapters 6 -- 9 of the book of Genesis , where he saves his family and representatives of all animals from the flood by constructing an ark/O. Noah 's Ark - Jewish Encyclopedia He is also mentioned as the '' first husbandman '' and in the story of the Curse of Ham .
On 13 January 1850 , the British West African Territories was dissolved and Sierra Leone again becomes a separate crown colony .
Marie , Michigan Florida Interstate 75 begins its northerly journey at an interchange with State Road 924 and State Road 826 in Hialeah , a suburb of Miami .
The mission was launched at 12:33 a.m. EST on December 7 , 1972 , and concluded on December 19 .
However , the European Commission has confirmed that Gouda Holland is to be protected ( although Gouda will not ) .
Holmon/O ` Dette , Grove online In 1580 Dowland went to Paris , where he was in service to Sir Henry Cobham , the ambassador to the French court , and his successor , Sir Edward Stafford .
For example , if a key signature has only one sharp , it must be an F sharp .
The West also operates a '' breaking news '' website ( thewest.com .
Through the accession of the German Democratic Republic to the Federal Republic of Germany , effective from 3 October 1990 , the two states united to form one sovereign state , which continued as a single member under the name Germany .
In reality this is the male leading the female around searching for a suitable place to deposit his spermatophore .
Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Layla El ( born 25 June 1978 ) is an English dancer , model and professional wrestler of Moroccan descent . She is employed by World Wrestling Entertainment as a WWE Diva and appears on the SmackDown brand as Layla .
The family contains well-known species such as Brassica oleracea ( cabbage , cauliflower , etc. ) , Brassica rapa ( turnip , Chinese cabbage , etc. ) , Brassica napus ( rapeseed , etc. ) , Raphanus sativus ( common radish ) , Armoracia rusticana ( horseradish ) , Matthiola ( stock ) , Arabidopsis thaliana ( model organism ) and many others .
They were connected by a stairway set at right angles ( they were not spiral ) .
The current IOC President , Jacques Rogge , was re-elected for a second term that consists of four years on 9 October 2009 .
This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for spermatozoa to pass through , neutralizing traces of acidic urine in urethra , and helps flush out any residual urine or foreign matter .
The CRC Reef Research Centre estimates the age of the present , living reef structure at 6-8 ,000 years old .
The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898 , and the town is either known by its hyphenated form , or simply called Hohenstein .
May 9 , 1662 - the date on which the figure who later became Mr. Punch made his first recorded appearance in England- is traditionally reckoned as Punch 's UK birthday .
Albert Na ( Serbian Cyrillic : , ) ( born October 29 , 1974 in Zemun , Serbia , then SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity .
Biography articles should only be created for people with some sort of verifiable notability .
It is a main exporter of wood , as well as a significant producer of both coffee and cocoa , it is also an important cattle breeder .
Stone Temple Pilots is an American rock band consisting of Scott Weiland ( lead vocals ) , brothers Robert ( bass guitar , vocals ) and Dean DeLeo ( guitar ) , and Eric Kretz ( drums , percussion ) .
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. , a Scottish football club
The last stable release of Linspire was version 6.0 , which was released in October 2007 .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
By 1992 , only the republics of Serbia and Montenegro remained committed to union , and formed the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( FRY ) in 1992 .
The Armistice was agreed at 5 AM on 11 November , to come into effect at 11 AM Paris time , for which reason the occasion is sometimes referred to as '' the eleventh ( hour ) of the eleventh ( day ) of the eleventh ( month ) '' .
A constable is a person holding a particular office , most commonly in law enforcement .
Christian Bager Poulsen ( born 28 February 1980 ) is a Danish professional football player who plays for Liverpool .
Many had considered this election unwinnable for Labor , mainly due to the effects that the early 1990s recession had on Australia , as well as the longevity of Labor as the federal government .
Five of the victims were international backpackers visiting Australia ( three German , two British ) , and two were Australian travellers from Melbourne .
Since Robinson had sold exclusive rights to any retirement story to Look magazine two years previously , his retirement decision was revealed through the magazine , instead of through the Dodgers organization .
The design was widely acclaimed and won him a D&AD yellow pencil ( the gold award ) in 1997 .
The chief priests inform Pilate of a new charge , demanding Jesus be sentenced to death '' because he claimed to be God 's son . ''
She is known for the '' The Battle of the Sexes '' in 1973 , in which she defeated Bobby Riggs , a former Wimbledon men 's champion .
On 13 February 1954 , Mawson Station was established as the first Australian station on the continent proper .
Vion is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Intel Core is a brand name used for various mid-range to high-end consumer and business microprocessors .
The town , located in a mountainous district , gradually lost importance in the 20th century .
The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of the National League of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Archived at Sepultura .
The city is found in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area in the U.S. State of California .
His second wife , Annalena McAfee , was formerly the editor of The Guardian 's Review section .
The false consensus effect is caused by a tendency for people to project their way of thinking onto other people .
Contescourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
One of John Paul II 's earliest official visits was to Poland , in June 1979 , where he was constantly surrounded by ecstatic crowds .
The Second Statute of Westminster is passed in England , reforming various laws ; it includes the famous clause de donis conditionalibus , considered one of the fundamental institutes of medieval law in England .
Calc is capable of opening and saving most spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel file format .
Although English contrasts all six contrasting heights in its vowels , these are interdependent with differences in backness , and many are parts of diphthongs .
Malcolm Charles Barber ( born March 4 , 1943 ) is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
Obstalden is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Respected for her versatility , she received a Juvenile Academy Award , won a Golden Globe Award , received the Cecil B. DeMille Award for her work in films , as well as Grammy Awards and a Special Tony Award .
One of his innovations was to begin an annual tradition on New Year 's Eve , '' A Night in Old Vienna '' , which was devoted to music of Johann Strauss and other Viennese masters of the nineteenth century .
Géus - d'Arzacq is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The ambiguous legal status of West Berlin meant that West Berliners were not eligible to vote in federal elections ; instead , they were indirectly represented in the Bundestag by 20 non-voting delegates chosen by the West Berlin House of Representatives .
Section 71 vests judicial power in a '' Federal Supreme Court '' to be called the High Court of Australia , and such other federal courts as Parliament creates , and in such other courts as Parliament invests with federal jurisdiction .
The buoy 's lowest pressure reading was 989 mb\/hPa .
Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell , née Stevenson ( 29 September 1810 12 November 1865 ) , often referred to simply as Mrs. Gaskell , was an English novelist and short story writer during the Victorian era .
He ruled the country from January 2002 until his death in August 2008 .
Mathematics is used throughout the world as an essential tool in many fields , including natural science , engineering , medicine , and the social sciences .
In folklore Many members of the Carlist military forces of the 19th and 20th centuries in Spain wore detentes or amulets with an image of the Sacred Heart .
Wooley performed additional vocal elements , including the screams for a man being bitten by an alligator .
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes , ponds , rivers , creeks , canals , grouped in a different subclass , despite some very superficial similarities in appearance .
Thus , while the outcome of any particular hand is determined mostly by chance , the long-run expectations of the players are determined by their actions chosen based on probability and psychology .
It has been translated into many languages and has been circulated all around the world .
It follows that machine translation of government and legal documents more readily produces usable output than conversation or less standardised text .
The turnover was officially made on November 11 2003 , but the cleanup was not completed .
However , if the attacker was a noble , safely ensconced in a castle ( as was often the case ) , the town commune could not muster the forces to attack him directly ; instead they might attack the noble 's family , burn his crops , kill his serfs , or destroy his orchards in retribution .
It likely corresponds to the word Breton , which is French for Brittany .
Belmonte succeeds in abducting Konstanze , but when Pedrillo is about to escape with Blonde , they are caught by Osmin ( Aria : '' Ho , how I will triumph '' ) , and Belmonte and Konstanze are also brought back by the guard .
Crustaceans ( Crustacea ) form a very large group of arthropods , usually treated as a subphylum , which includes such familiar animals as crabs , lobsters , crayfish , shrimp , krill and barnacles .
She is very fond of cars and owns 3 Aston Martins , a Land Rover , a Range Rover and a London Taxi ( which she uses in Ghosthunting with ... ) .
Seventh Son won a Locus Award and was nominated for both the Hugo and World Fantasy Awards in 1988 .
They ceased to be used for census reporting in 1841 .
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric tramway linking Grimsby with the port of Immingham in Lincolnshire , England .
This statement documents that with limited fire safety benefit , these flame retardants can cause serious health issues and as types of flame retardants are banned , the alternatives should be proven safe before being used . The group also wants to change widespread policies that require use of flame retardants .
The album is a departure from the sound on their previous album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
Microsoft FrontPage ( full name Microsoft Office FrontPage ) is a WYSIWYG HTML editor and web site administration tool from Microsoft for the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems .
In November 1996 the Spice Girls released Spice in Europe .
A young female that has had only one calf is occasionally called a first-calf heifer .
Sanghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In addition , the soap reduces evaporation , making the bubbles last longer , but this effect is relatively small .
Today , this fragmented relic range extends from India in the west to China and Southeast Asia in the east .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
He loves to make the citizens ' lives miserable by creating strange rules and regulations .
Carlos Irwin Estevez ( born September 3 , 1965 ) , better known by his stage name Charlie Sheen , is an American film and television actor .
Its de facto capital is Valletta and the largest city is Birkirkara .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 2003 .
In 1882 , its grounds became the location for a famous murder .
The Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) is a free and open source software license .
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine , radium , and radon .
Heinz Gerstinger studied history and dramatics at the University of Vienna .
He was also a first Team All-Star , a starter in the NHL All-Star Game , and a finalist for the Hart Trophy again .
Carbon atoms may have different numbers of neutrons ; atoms of the same element having different numbers of neutrons are known as isotopes of the element .
In 2001 , Time Magazine named Hahn as '' America 's Best '' young classical musician .
Final property damage in the United States was $ 6.8 billion , making this the 13th costliest hurricane in U.S. history .
The San Jose State Spartans is the name of the athletic teams representing San Jose State University .
Eugowra is known for its granite , with more than 2000 slabs of local granite used in the new Parliament House , Canberra in Canberra .
Dole was the Republican party nominee in the presidential election of 1996 , but he lost to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton .
Kreuzlingen is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The film was released on May 26 , 2006 in the United States and Canada .
When the Black Death bubonic plague reached al-Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by '' minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
On either side of the chancel are complementary paintings of the Angel Gabriel and the Virgin Mary , depicting the Annunciation .
to ECW as part of the 2007 WWE Draft , after losing a match to Bobby Lashley .
October 22 & ndash ; Ludovico Sforza becomes Duke of Milan , and starts a chain of events that leads to the First Italian War .
His father , Alexander George von Humboldt , was a major in the Prussian Army and belonged to a prominent Pomeranian family and was rewarded for his services during the Seven Years ' War with the post of Royal Chamberlain .
Bode is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , United States .
On the fourteenth day of the infection , biopsies of Marshall 's stomach did not reveal any bacteria , so spontaneous eradication may have occurred .
Naturalized United States citizen He was married to Veronica Pershina .
He was educated at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , 1972 -- 1979 , in both mathematics and economics .
Fluminense Football Club is a sports club based in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
His early life was not marked by righteousness -- on the contrary , he was a thief , a liar and a gambler .
It can also be said that 42 is divisible by 7 , 42 is a multiple of 7 , 7 divides 42 , or 7 is a factor of 42 .
After receiving his degree as an accountant , Grillo became a comedian by chance , improvising a monologue in an audition .
Rather than focusing on the I Ching like other Neo-Confucians , he chose to emphasize the Four Books : the Great Learning , the Doctrine of the Mean , the Analects of Confucius , and the Mencius as the core curriculum for aspiring scholar officials .
It is the home of Yorkshire County Cricket Club , rugby league team Leeds Rhinos and rugby union team Leeds Carnegie ( formerly known as Leeds Tykes ) .
Physics Today July 2002 Goethe 's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of colour phenomenon , as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings , also known as 7\/7 , were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on London 's public transport system during the morning rush hour .
Tensions sometimes ran high between the settlers and the '' Vandemonians '' as they were termed , particularly during the Victorian gold rush when a flood of settlers from Van Diemen 's Land rushed to the Victorian gold fields .
The early leaders of the Muslim nation following Muhammad 's ( 570 -- 632 ) death were called '' Khalifat Rasul Allah '' , means the political successors to the messenger of God ( referring to Muhammad ) .
Fishermen have also begun using plastic bait and , more recently , electronic lures , to attract fish .
According to Galen , these elements were used by Hippocrates in describing the human body with an association with the four humours : yellow bile ( fire ) , black bile ( earth ) , blood ( air ) , and phlegm ( water ) .
The distinctive Scottsdale City Hall was designed by architect Bennie Gonzales in 1968 , and was designed with an interior kiva for community meetings .
Karthikeyan made his NASCAR debut at Martinsville Speedway on 27 March 2010 driving in the Kroger 250 Camping World Truck Series for Wyler Racing in the # 60 Safe Auto Insurance Company Chevrolet Silverado .
He was known as a master showman , and as one of the most dynamic singers and performers in R&B and rock history .
The official Fujita scale category is determined by meteorologists ( and engineers ) after a ground and\/or aerial damage survey ; and depending on the circumstances , ground-swirl patterns ( cycloidal marks ) , radar tracking , eyewitness testimonies , media reports and damage imagery , as well as photogrammetry\/videogrammetry if motion picture recording is available .
From 1950 to 1954 Krips was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra .
For the simple electric dipole given above , the electric dipole moment would point from the negative charge towards the positive charge , and have a magnitude equal to the strength of each charge times the separation between the charges .
The term '' rheumatism '' is still used in colloquial speech and historical contexts , but is no longer frequently used in medical or technical literature ; there is no longer any recognized disorder simply called '' rheumatism . ''
Nightwish is a symphonic metal band from Kitee , Finland , formed in 1996 by songwriter and keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen , guitarist Emppu Vuorinen , and former vocalist Tarja Turunen .
The community was named for Mirabeau B. Lamar , the second president of the Republic of Texas .
Saltwater or estuarine crocodile ( Crocodylus porosus ) is the largest of all living reptiles .
Mutations are caused by radiation , viruses , transposons and mutagenic chemicals , as well as errors that occur during meiosis or DNA replication .
This is really the source of all the properties of the exponential function , and the basic reason for its importance in applications ... '' - p. 448 of Courant and Robbins , What is mathematics ?
His father , James , was a member of the Sandemanian sect of Christianity .
She was not prominently featured until March 26 , 2003 , when she teamed with Amazing Red as part of his feud against Kid Kash -- the X Division Champion -- and Trinity .
Abiogenesis is a science that studies how life on Earth came to be from organic inorganic ( and inanimate ) modecules .
Uzhhorod Raion ( , ) is one of the raions ( districts ) of Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine .
The phrase '' Civil liberties '' was used by John Milton in Areopagatica (/O1644/O) .
The United States is the second-leading producer , with more than 7.5 % of world production .
The story is about a girl and her brother who run away from home to live in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art and discover what they think is a lost treasure .
It is one of the games in Super Mario All-Stars .
Medeglia is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Arjen Robben , ( born 23 May 1984 in Bedum , Groningen ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Real Madrid .
Like progressive rock songs , progressive metal songs are usually much longer than standard metal songs , and they are often thematically linked in concept albums .
The capital is the city of Kagoshima .
Plautus in Performance : The Theatre of the Mind .
A Nun is a woman who has taken special vows committing her to a religious life .
Maria of Portugal , Portuguese infanta ( d. 1357 )
Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument located in the English county of Wiltshire , about west of Amesbury and north of Salisbury .
Ambler Thompson and Barry N. Taylor , (/O2008/O) , Guide for the Use of the International System of Units ( SI ) , ( Special publication 811 ) , Gaithersburg , MD : National Institute of Standards and Technology , p. 3 , footnote 2 .
Other notable discoveries include 60558 Echeclus , 5145 Pholus , 20000 Varuna , 9965 GNU , , and .
The fauna was dominated by tiered communities of suspension feeders , mainly with short food chains ; this said , the ecological system reached a new grade of complexity far beyond that of the Cambrian fauna , which has persisted until the present day .
Potassium nitrate is an efficient oxidizer , which produces a lilac flame upon burning due to the presence of potassium .
Currently is attending at Sungshin Women 's University but she postponed going to university in order to concentrate on her career .
The band consists of Chris Thile ( mandolin ) , Gabe Witcher ( fiddle\/violin ) , Chris Eldridge ( guitar ) , Paul Kowert ( bass ) , and Noam Pikelny ( banjo ) .
It is possible , if unlikely , that continued selection pressure could bring about a complete absence of tusks in African elephants . The effect of tuskless elephants on the environment , and on the elephants themselves , could be dramatic .
Dominique Strauss-Kahn ( ; born 25 April 1949 ) , often referred to as DSK , is a French economist , lawyer , and politician , member of the Socialist Party ( PS ) .
The lens is usually mounted in a frame with a handle ( see image ) .
Following that apparition , St James returned to Judea , where he was beheaded by King Herod Agrippa I in the year 44 during a Passover ( Nisan 15 ) ( ) .
She then set sail into the largely uncharted ocean to the south , stopping at the Pacific islands of Huahine , Borabora , and Raiatea to allow Cook to claim them for Great Britain .
Behaviour Hourglass Dolphins tend to move in groups of about 5-10 .
The former is a compound word Zeeshan , and the latter is two words Zee and Shan .
In the United Kingdom , '' Say It Right '' was issued as a digital download without the accompaniment of a physical release .
Book of Isaiah , Ecclesiastes , Source Original usage from Odes 1.11 , in Latin and English : Tu ne quaesieris , scire nefas , quem mihi , quem tibi Do n't ask ( it 's forbidden to know ) what final fate the gods have finem di dederint , Leuconoe , nec Babylonios what end the gods will give me or you , Leuconoe .
The United Soccer Leagues First Division ( usually referred to as simply USL-1 ) is a professional men 's soccer league in the United States and Puerto Rico , although historically teams from Canada have also played in the league .
New Hampshire ( ) is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
North Chicago , Illinois is located at .
In real-time operating systems , interrupt latency is the time between the generation of an interrupt by a device and the servicing of the device which generated the interrupt .
The edible dormouse or fat dormouse ( Glis glis ) is a small dormouse and the only species in the genus Glis .
This is the most common form of polygamy .
Stories depict them as intelligent beings and as possessing magical abilities that increase with their age and wisdom .
Xfce ( pronounced as four individual letters ) is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms , such as Linux , Solaris and BSD .
Gazelles are known as swift animals some are able to maintain speeds as high as for extended periods of time .
Guest Starring : James Marsden as Eddie November 3 , 1993 02 Smoke Gets in Your Lies Brighton seeks popularity at school .
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Grangeville is a city in and the county seat of Idaho County , Idaho , United States , in the north central part of the state .
The character Frasier Crane ( played by Kelsey Grammer ) was featured in his own successful spin-off , Frasier , which also ran for eleven seasons and included guest appearances by all of the major , and some minor , Cheers characters , except for Kirstie Alley and the deceased Nicholas Colasanto .
In 1838 the sisters became the first women to address a meeting of the Massachusetts state legislature , when they spoke about slavery and abolitionism .
Guitar , harmonica and cigar box guitar are the dominant instruments used , with slide guitar ( usually on the steel guitar ) being a hallmark of the style .
The fur of most species is brownish in colour , often with a white underbelly , but many other patterns exist , especially in the cricetine and arvicoline subfamilies .
It was essentially coincident with the Permian- Triassic extinction event , which is estimated to have killed 90 % of species existing at the time .
Glarus ( German : ; ; ; ) is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The club is also in advanced talks with Manchester City Council to renegotiate the lease on the stadium .
In the satirical British television program Yes Minister , Jim Hacker MP is told an old joke by his Private Secretary Bernard Woolley about what the various post-nominals stand for .
It was created in 1994 and was adopted for statistics from 1999 .
However , the early fossil record is poor because the first Passeriformes were apparently on the small side of the present size range , and their delicate bones did not preserve well .
He was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on October 16 , 1946 .
Since its inception under Harry S. Truman , the function of the Council has been to advise and assist the president on national security and foreign policies .
Sociology Dark blue represents knowledge , power , integrity , and seriousness .
In mathematics , a theorem is a statement which has been proven on the basis of previously established statements , such as other theorems , and previously accepted statements , such as axioms .
Thousands of glass panes in downtown skyscrapers were shattered by gravel blown off rooftops .
Clérambault came from a musical family ( his father and two of his sons were also musicians ) .
Hull had 95 % of its houses damaged or destroyed , making it the most severely bombed British city or town , apart from London , during World War II .
This article is about the historical subregion in Eurasia .
Jens Johnnie Pulver ( born December 6 , 1974 ) is an American mixed martial artist ( MMA ) .
The population was 8,987 at the 2000 census .
The latest JNLR/MRBI radio listenership survey shows that Midwest Radio are by far the most popular radio station in Connacht with a market-share of 52.2 % .
Following is a listing of commonly used video game genres with brief descriptions and examples of each .
In the process of trying to get to the di Angelos , Dr. Thorn ( who is a manticore ) attempts to kidnap Percy , Bianca , and Nico .
Their music is most often classified as alternative rock , Breaking Benjamin at MTVBreaking Benjamin at MusicmightBreaking Benjamin at IGN and post-grunge .
Vertheuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Always ( 2005 ) is a boxed set of four CDs , spanning her whole career and containing rare recordings .
Abdun Nabi Sarai was appointed governor by Timur Shah Durrani , but three years later it was included in the governorship of Muhammad Khan Sadozai , who transferred his seat of government to Mankera .
The Monarch is more orange , has heavier black-lined veins , and the underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color .
At the height of its power , it included central Anatolia , the Levant , Mesopotamia , Persia , today 's Turkmenistan , Pamir and parts of Pakistan .
William Jefferson Hague ( born 26 March 1961 ) is a British Conservative politician .
Many are plants of hot humid lowland areas , but the majority are tropical montane plants , receiving warm days but cool to cold humid nights year round .
\* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*
However , Great West Football Conference members North Dakota State and South Dakota State were asked to submit information about themselves and to attend the conference presidents ' meeting .
Michaels then climbed on the top of the ladder and executed a diving elbow drop .
Diego de Souza Gama Silva , or simply Diego ( born March 22 , 1984 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Just '' Justo '' Fontaine ( born 18 August 1933 in Marrakech , Morocco ) is a former French football player whose father was Moroccan and mother was Spanish .
, ( in ) sometimes referred to as Daqiqi ( also Dakiki , Daghighi , ) , was an early PersianAnnemarie Schimmel , A two-colored brocade : the imagery of Persian poetry , University of North Carolina Press , 1992 , ISBN 0807820504 , p. 116 poet from TusZabihullah Safa \/O/ Tarikh-e adabiat-e Iran \/O/ P409 in Iran or in BalkhDaqiqi is always known as Daqiqi Balkhi .
Loretta Purdy Spencer was the mayor of Huntsville , Alabama .
Year 1499 ( MCDXCIX ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
During its early history , Overijssel was formerly known as Oversticht and also included much of modern-day Drenthe .
Robbery Under Arms , by Thomas Alexander Browne ( writing as Rolf Boldrewood ) was published in serial form in the Sydney Mail from 1882 to 1883 .
Scientific notation , also known as standard form or as exponential notation , is a way of writing numbers that accommodates values too large or small to be conveniently written in standard decimal notation .
A miniseries ( also mini-series ) , in a serial storytelling medium , is a production which tells a story in a planned limited number of episodes .
Rediscovery and excavation Moenjo-daro was built around 2600 BC and abandoned around 1900 BC .
They are located in Nashville , Tennessee , and are named for the city 's association with the music industry .
Mixing nominally equal proportions of the additive primaries results in shades of grey or white ; the color space that is generated is called an RGB color space .
In this region , the roe of rohu is also considered a delicacy and is eaten fried or as a stuffing within a fried pointed gourd to make potoler dolma .
Fauguernon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Georgia Institute of Technology , commonly called Georgia Tech , Tech , and GT , is a public , coeducational research university in Atlanta , Georgia in the United States .
Of the seven , only four fully served their sentences ; the remaining three , Neurath , Raeder , and Funk , having been released earlier due to ill health .
ArmeniaPedia , May 22 , 1924 , Paris ) is an Armenian-French singer , songwriter , actor , public activist and diplomat .
Portions of the film were shot at the Parthenon in Nashville , Tennessee , that has a full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km .
Many works within the genre take place in fictional worlds where magic is common .
She was a local deity whose cult was centred in the city of Bubastis , now Tell Basta , which lay in the Delta near what is known as Zagazig today .
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy , London began competing for Ring of Honor , where although he never won a title , began being popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves .
It was the creation of Australian film music recording producers Philip Powers and James McCarthy , both of whom were previously Director of Music at the Australian government filmmaking organisation Film Australia .
It is often considered a branch of political science ( especially after 1988 UNESCO nomenclature ) , but an important sector of academia prefer to treat it as an interdisciplinary field of study .
Its capital is Maebashi .
Judges serve for nine year terms and may be re-elected for up to two further terms .
The Greek language holds an important place in the histories of Europe , the more loosely defined '' Western '' world , and Christianity ; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes works of monumental importance and influence for the future Western canon , such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey .
According to Tertullian and other writers of the mainstream Church ( which scholars refer to as Proto-orthodox Christianity ) , the movement known as Marcionism began with the teachings and excommunication of Marcion from the Early centers of Christianity Catholic Church around 144 .
The Little Ice Age ( LIA ) was a period of cooling occurring after a warmer North Atlantic era known as the Medieval Warm Period .
Patch and Lucky are present , but the Cadpig is not , except for the resuscitation scene where she is unnamed .
Estimates are that only about a third of cases of domestic violence are actually reported in the United States and the United Kingdom .
The medieval page In medieval times , a page was an attendant to a knight ; an apprentice squire .
The National Hockey League ( NHL ) Conference Finals are the Eastern Conference and Western Conference championship series of the NHL .
Paramore traveled back to Orlando , Florida , but shortly after arriving , Jeremy Davis left the band , citing personal reasons .
It takes place two years after the events of the game and set in a new city named Edge .
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth ( Estigmene acrea ) is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
A camping site near McKillops Bridge provides an excellent site for swimming , launching canoes and rafting through the rugged gorges downstream , or the start for the 18km Silver Mine Walking Track and the short Snowy River Trail .
Consequently Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars , having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2 , which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously discovered .
Roy Hodgson ( born 9 August 1947 in Croydon , England ) is a former English footballer and current manager of West Bromwich Albion .
CentOS
A warm front is defined as the leading edge of an advancing mass of warm air ; it separates warm air from the colder air ahead .
American Samoa ( or ) is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the South Pacific Ocean , southeast of the sovereign state of Samoa , formerly known as Western Samoa .
Lone Oak is an unincorporated community in McCracken County , Kentucky , United States .
His performance in Good Morning , Vietnam (/O1987/O) got Williams nominated for an Academy Award .
Gloria De Piero ( L )
Flannelette can either have long or short nap , and can be napped on one or two sides .
Since then , the number and types of shops have increased at certain stations , turning them into miniature shopping centres .
The board is marked with '' premium '' squares , which multiply the number of points awarded : dark red '' triple-word '' squares , pink '' double-word '' squares , dark blue '' triple-letter '' squares , and light blue '' double-letter '' squares ( In 2008 , Hasbro changed the colors of the premiums squares to orange for TW , red for DW , blue for DL , and green for TL ) .
In 1877 Bennett used the word symbiosis ( which previously had been used of people living together in community ) to describe the mutualistic relationship in lichens Oxford English Dictionary , symbiosis .
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
High resolution spectrum of solar radiation from Observatoire de Paris Measuring Solar Radiation : A lesson plan from the National Science Digital Library .
Louis Daniel Armstrong ( August 4 , 1901 - July 6 , 1971 ) , nicknamed Satchmo or Pops , was an American jazz trumpeter and singer from New Orleans , Louisiana .
The land border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti , which occupies the western one-third of the island , is 388 km long .
Hamilton 's mother , Carmen Larbalestier ( now married as Carmen Lockhart ) , is white British , while his father , Anthony Hamilton , is black British , making him mixed-raced , ( Anthony Hamilton 's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s ) .
At this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
In Formula One , where until 1960 drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap , Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 76 .
Powell went up to Balliol College , Oxford to read history during the autumn of 1923 .
The British Empire gained control over the island in 1878 , with Nicosia serving as the capital of the new British possession .
Many early television networks ( e.g. the BBC , NBC or CBS ) evolved from earlier radio networks .
The human spinal cord is divided into 31 different segments .
Wistert had a short cup of coffee in Major League Baseball , appearing in three games for the Cincinnati Reds between September 11 , 1934 and September 25 , 1934 .
It was recognized as the world 's longest running sports television magazine .
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole ( Brother John from Fiesole ) and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico ( Brother Giovanni the Angelic One ) .
The Mexican Fritillary ( Euptoieta hegesia ) is a North and South American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2013th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 13th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 4th of the 2010s decade .
On the January 12 edition of ECW , however , Tatsu was not able to win the battle royal when he was eliminated by Kane . At the Royal Rumble Tatsu competed in his first Royal Rumble match , but was eliminated by John Cena .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 6,595 and , as of 2006 , was estimated to be 6,905 .
The Law of Succession is introduced in Norway .
Recycling involves processing used materials ( waste ) into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials , reduce the consumption of fresh raw materials , reduce energy usage , reduce air pollution ( from incineration ) and water pollution ( from landfilling ) by reducing the need for '' conventional '' waste disposal , and lower greenhouse gas emissions as compared to virgin production .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called '' desktop publishing '' , the TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications , by publishing and page layout applications , by scanning , faxing , word processing , optical character recognition and other applications .
Over 210,000 people were affected by floods on June 12 alone causing for major damage.EM-DAT 's Jamaica Page Economic damages totalled out to $ 27 million ( 1979 USD - $ 75 million in 2006 USD ) with forty people killed .1979 Monthly Weather ReviewMANAGING NATURAL HAZARDS IN JAMAICA
Production of this model ceased in 1965 .
Nérigean is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In '' Regarding Margie '' ( season 17 , 2006 ) , Homer mentioned that Marge was his age , meaning she could have been anywhere between 36 and 40 .
Asclepias amplexicaulis ( Blunt-leaved Milkweed , Clasping Milkweed ) is a species of milkweed , in the subfamily AsclepiadaceaeAsclepias amplexicaulis at USDA PLANTS Database , which is cited as a wildflower native to the United States Asclepias amplexicaulis at Wildflowers and Grasses of Kansas , mostly found in Central and Eastern areas and grown in the spring time .
She was one of the presenters on the long-running British consumer affairs series , Watchdog , from 1993 to 2001 but has since gained notoriety as the hostess of the BBC television game show The Weakest Link which has earned her the nickname '' Queen of Mean '' .
Fonda was born in New York City , New York , the only son of actor Henry Fonda and his wife Frances Ford Seymour ; he is the younger brother of actress Jane Fonda .
Adelomyrmex boltoni has been discovered on 1982-10-25 by F. Baud in Paraguay and described by Fernandez , F. in 2003 .
The two largest , Jupiter and Saturn , are composed mainly of hydrogen and helium ; the two outermost planets , Uranus and Neptune , are composed largely of ices , such as water , ammonia and methane , and are often referred to separately as '' ice giants '' .
After forming over the Arafura Sea , the storm moved upward and affected the city with Category 4 winds on the Australian cyclone intensity scale , while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale when it made landfall .
Iacobeni is a commune located in Suceava County in the Bukovina region of northern Romania .
Xue was also involved in the defense of greater Wuhan , Wuhan , 1938 , Stephen R. MacKinnon , Robert Capa , p27 , accessed July 2009 commanding the 1st Army Corps .
The ending also reprises the arpeggiated guitar motif from the end of that track , similar to the figure featured prominently in the George Harrison written tracks '' Here Comes the Sun '' and '' Badge '' ( co-written by Harrison and Eric Clapton ) .
Recording for the album began in late 1966 and early 1967 with two songs , '' Strawberry Fields Forever '' and '' Penny Lane '' .
Risotto is a traditional Italian rice dish .
Semi-presidential systems A third system is the semi-presidential system , also known as the French system , in which like the Parliamentary system there is both a president and a prime minister , but unlike the parliamentary system , the president may have significant day-to-day power .
The President also asks Americans to observe a moment of silence beginning at 8:46 A.M. ( Eastern Daylight Time ) , the time the first plane struck the North Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 .
Oxidation reactions can produce free radicals .
With digital cameras the actual image size is rarely stated , so that the magnification ratio is largely irrelevant ; cameras instead advertise their closest focusing distance .
It failed to chart the Billboard Hot 100 , however , it managed to peak at # 62 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
The band often performs more than 300 times each year and holds long global tours , most of which last more than a year .
It contains a total of 29 riders , 9 physiotherapists or nurses , 9 mechanics and service persons , and has 22 partners .
A film director , or filmmaker is a person who directs the making or production of a film .
As reasoning creatures , people could gain happiness by rigorous training and by living in a way which was natural for humans .
Sir Edward Cuthbert Bairstow was born in Huddersfield on 22 August 1874 and died in York on 1 May 1946 . He was an English organist and composer in the Anglican church music tradition .
Gold 's theory is that flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth 's mantle ; more conventional explanations of the food supply of deep microbes ( away from sedimentary carbon compounds ) is that the organisms subsist on hydrogen released by an interaction between water and ( reduced ) iron compounds in rocks .
For the similarly-titled work by Antonio Vivaldi , see The Four Seasons ( Vivaldi ) .
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon are considered to be one of the original Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
He is currently signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , but is inactive due to an injury .
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode ( class file ) that can run on any Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) regardless of computer architecture .
John Foster Dulles ( February 25 , 1888 -- May 24 , 1959 ) served as U.S. Secretary of State under President Dwight D. Eisenhower from 1953 to 1959 .
Feudal society began to break down as Mongol invaders broke through frontier areas in Europe and growing trade with other regions brought Black Death to first southern and then most of Europe .
ISBN 1-886411-97-2Draft versions available online as PDF and HTML Peter Norton , John Socha , Peter Norton 's Assembly Language Book for the IBM PC , Brady Books , NY : 1986 .
Livingstone sought re-election in 2008 , but was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson on a night that saw a huge swing against Labor right across Britain .
Aschenbach , a famous German novelist , is weary and opens the opera bemoaning the fading of his artistic inspiration .
This article is about Every Little Thing , the Japanese band .
In other countries this is usually called the '' toilet '' or alternatively '' water closet '' ( WC ) , lavatory or '' loo '' .
Benalla has a horse racing club , the Benalla Racing Club , which schedules around eleven race meetings a year including the Benalla Cup meeting in early October .
Usually the spaces or hyphens between words are ignored .
Batista became aware of the plot while eavesdropping on fellow Evolution members and signed a contract guaranteeing him a match with World Champion Triple H at WrestleMania , thus leaving Evolution and officially turning into a fan favorite .
Shamozai is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Sir Christopher Wren ( 20 October 1632 25 February 1723 ) was a 17th century English designer , astronomer , geometer , mathematician-physicist and one of the greatest English architects in history .
Most hunt small vertebrates with a combination of keen eyesight and hearing , gliding and circling low over grasslands and marshes on their long broad wings .
The species are native to southeast Europe , southern Asia , Australasia , the islands of the Pacific Ocean and western South America .
A debugger is a computer program that is used to test and debug other programs ( the '' target '' program ) .
Sexual fetishism may be regarded , e.g. in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference or as an enhancing element to a relationship causing a better sexual bond between the partners .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet ( 204 m ) elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
America 's Got Talent Osbourne joined the judging panel on the second series of America 's Got Talent , along with Piers Morgan and David Hasselhoff , replacing the singer Brandy .
Germans - 0.19 %
Boiler Suit , Guy 's Approaches , Guy 's & St Thomas ' Hospital , London
July 18 & ndash ; Adolf Hitler publishes his personal manifesto Mein Kampf .
It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , and is America 's largest religious university and fourth-largest private university .
' is a historical province ( landskap ) in southern Sweden .
Resident Evil 5 became the fastest-selling game in the franchise in the United Kingdom , additionally becoming the biggest Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 game launch to date in the region .
Then in 1860 the Chinese and British governments signed the Convention of Peking , a diplomatic agreement that subjects of the Chinese and British Empires would have reciprocal rights under their respective countries ' laws .
The show also received an Environmental Media Award for '' The Problem With Popplers '' .
Robert Christgau link
Mount Chamberlin , 9020 ft ( 2,749 m ) , is the highest peak in the range .
A mechanical bull , also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that replicates the sensation of riding a bucking animal , such as a rodeo bull or horse .
A day earlier , Yushchenko 's former ally turned rival , Yulia Tymoshenko , took up the mantle as leader of the democratic opposition . But Yushchenko warned that her leadership will end in disaster '' Every political force that united with Tymoshenko ended badly '' .
James Gaskell born 20 May , 1990 in Crewe , England is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
MiG-29 '' Fulcrum '' , 1983 , comparable to the US F-16 Fighting Falcon and F\/A -18 Hornet
The LVs can be grown or shrunk by concatenating more LEs from or returning them to the pool .
An additional impact date in 2037 was also identified ; the impact probability for that encounter was calculated as 1 in 12.3 million .
The Dreamcast ( Japanese : Dor mukyasuto ) is a video game console made by Sega , and is the successor to the Sega Saturn .
The song was also more popular than previous singles on more adult-oriented radio stations and charts .
A couple of weeks after the release of Candy , Ledger was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
Again and again their historians refer to that dreadful day ''
E vents from January , 1848 through December 1855 are generally acknowledged as the ` Gold Rush ' .
The Soviet authorities deport more than 92,000 people from the Baltics to remote areas of the Soviet Union .
Musical style and influence Willaert was one of the most versatile composers of the Renaissance , writing music in almost every extant style and form .
Tetracycline is also one of the antibiotics used to treat ulcers caused by bacterial infections .
Gruver is a city in Emmet County , Iowa , United States .
The most noticeable change to the 2005 season was its driver lineup -- only 7 drivers raced for the same team with which they began the 2004 season , another 7 drivers switched to new teams .
Togo 's Sport Minister Christophe Tchao said to the Jeune Afrique magazine that nobody in Togo had '' ever been informed of such a game '' . However on the 20th September 2010 it was revealed that former Togo manager Bana Tchanile was the culprit and the Togo FA have given him a three year ban in addition to the two year ban he got in July 2010 for taking Togo players to play a tournament in Egypt .
was born at Charlotte Amalie ( St. Thomas ) , Virgin Islands , to Abraham Gabriel Pissarro , a Portuguese Sephardic Jew , and Rachel Manzano-Pomi é , from the Dominican Republic .
The stern is the rear or aft part of a ship or boat .
The government of the French Republic is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the fifth Republic .
A flat piece of heat-absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter .
U.S. Highway 78 is an east -- west United States highway that runs for 715 miles ( 1,151 km ) from Memphis , Tennessee , to Charleston , South Carolina .
-- )
She made her official WWE in-ring debut on June 30 against Michelle McCool and had her first pay-per-view match ( a Bra and Panties match ) at The Great American Bash against Torrie Wilson , winning both matches .
Iodine monochloride is the chemical compound with the formula ICl .
The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who 's hiatus in 1989 .
Stein is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
According to traditional Rabbinic Judaism , God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah .
( '' On water I was built , my walls are made of fire .
Pope Celestine V abdicated on December 13 , 1294 , at Naples , where he had established the papal court under the patronage of King Charles II of Sicily .
By capturing the excess heat , CHP uses heat that would be wasted in a conventional power plant , potentially reaching an efficiency of up to 89 % , compared with 55 % for the best conventional plants .
Jewell Junction , better known as Jewell , is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
The reason for the huge variety of shapes is not fully understood , but may be caused by gravitational interactions with companion stars if the central stars are double stars .
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a Major League Baseball club based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
It dates back to the late 13th century and at a height of 118.7 m is the tallest church building in Scandinavia .
The canton borders on Liechtenstein to the north , Austria to the north and the east , Italy to the south and southeast , and the cantons of St. Gallen to the northwest , Canton of Glarus , Uri to the west , and Ticino to the southwest .
Gene Wilder ( born Jerome Silberman ; June 11 , 1933 ) is an American stage and screen actor , director , screenwriter , and author .
The Battle of Fort Blair , sometimes called the Fort Baxter Massacre , or the Battle of Fort Baxter was a minor battle of the American Civil War , fought on October 6 , 1863 , near the present-day town of Baxter Springs , Kansas .
Wehrmacht ( German : '' defence force '' or more literally '' defence-power '' ) was the name of the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
It is a more specialized and useful wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the Star Wars universe , and is almost entirely in-universe .
Dancing with the Stars is a video game based on the show Dancing with the Stars .
There is also a dust disc with a maximum temperature of 153 K located at a minimum distance of 3.4 AU from the star .
After retiring , Schwarzkopf taught and gave master classes around the world , notably at the Juilliard School in New York City .
Its floor space is ten thousand square meters and the ceiling is 24 meters high .
Using these regulations , stadiums are rated as category one , two , three , or four ( renamed from elite ) in ascending ranking order .
Annotated bibliography has a summary or annotation .
Construction for the 53.46 m ( 173.39 ft ) tall statue was started in 1841 , but not completed until 1875 with the help of substantial funds from the state of Prussia . It was built according to plans by the sculptor Ernst von Bandel .
Thus , one may presume that , if a person is infected with an STI , e.g. , chlamydia , gonorrhea , genital herpes , it was transmitted to him\/her by means of sexual contact .
The Tocharian empire is united under Kujula Kadphises , and becomes the Kushan Empire .
December starts on the same day of the week as September every year . December ends on the same day of the week as April every year .
Both the Eids are collectively known as Eidain ( ) in Arabic language .
If a male attempts to mate with her at this point , the female will attack him .
Messiah is a term used by the Jewish , Christians , and Muslims for the redeemer figure expected in one form or another by each religion .
Dangeul is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The Yehudi Menuhin School is a specialist music school in Surrey , England .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The last B. Dalton stores were slated to close in January 2010 .
The number of civilians that died in the Bangladesh War is not accurately known .
In fact , water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen in large volumes .
His name is also a brand for similar movie scripts written by ghost writers and many series of non-fiction books on military subjects and merged biographies of key leaders .
This experiment was published in 1985 in the Medical Journal of Australia , and is among the most cited articles from the journal .
Chicago Symphony Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra ( CSO ) from 1969 until 1991 , when he was made the only Music Director Laureate in that orchestra 's history .
Le Tourneur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The bounty hunters , including Samus , receive orders to clear a computer virus from several supercomputers , called Aurora Units , located throughout the galaxy , but the meeting ends abruptly when Space Pirates attack several Federation ships . Samus and the other bounty hunters are deployed to the planet Norion , where the Space Pirates are concentrating an attack on a Federation naval base .
The Least Skipper favors damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
Guémappe is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Many of whom having lost their heirs , if not in the immediately preceding war then in World War I , were now paying far higher rates of tax , and agricultural incomes from the accompanying estates had dropped .
Odoacer defeats an attempt by Julius Nepos to recapture Italy , and has Julius killed .
Marriage and family The First World War altered the Trumans ' steady courtship .
It flows through Srinagar and the Wular lake before entering Pakistan through a deep narrow gorge .
Ardon is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Some species can be found in Purple Moor and Rush Pastures .
In October 2008 , it was announced that Beck would join the Fox News Channel , leaving CNN Headline News . After moving to the Fox News Channel , Beck hosted Glenn Beck , beginning in January 2009 , as well as a weekend version .
Mrs. Ferrars -- Fanny Dashwood and Edward and Robert Ferrars ' mother .
Benny Benson was born in Chignik , Alaska , to a Swedish father and Aleut-Russian mother .
Dextromethorphan ( DXM or DM ) is an antitussive ( cough suppressant ) drug .
Pan 's Labyrinth ( Spanish : El laberinto del fauno , literally The Faun 's Labyrinth ) is a 2006 Spanish language fantasy film written and directed by Mexican film-maker Guillermo del Toro .
Meltdowns that have occurred A number of Russian nuclear submarines have experienced nuclear meltdowns .
NTSC , named for the National Television System Committee , is the analog television system that is used in most of North America , most of South America ( except Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , and French Guiana ) , Burma , South Korea , Taiwan , Japan , the Philippines , and some Pacific island nations and territories ( see map ) .
Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello were the team 's drivers .
He grabbed a dove , bit its head off , then spat the head out .
Lance Corporal is a military rank , used by many armed forces worldwide , and also by some police forces and other uniformed organizations .
Stephen Appiah ( born December 24 , 1980 ) is a Ghanaian international football midfielder and captain of the Ghana national team .
Trenton is a city in Gilchrist County , Florida , United States .
Live from SoHo is Maroon 5 's second live album , released on March 25 as an iTunes Exclusive EP . It was recorded at the Soho Apple Store in New York .
Aston , Birmingham , England
In contrast with modern basketball nets , this peach basket retained its bottom , and balls had to be retrieved manually after each '' basket '' or point scored ; this proved inefficient , however , so the bottom of the basket was removed , allowing the balls to be poked out with a long dowel each time .
Malcom is a city in Poweshiek County , Iowa , United States .
On September 1 , 2009 , the band announced that after their live on January 4 , 2010 , at the Nippon Budokan , they will be suspending activities and put the group on a hiatus .
Family Phocoenidae : Porpoises
The film stars Laurence Fishburne and Sam Neill .
The album was recorded at Rockfield Studios , Matrix Studios , and Wessex Sound Studios with producer Ken Nelson , although the majority of Parachutes ' tracks were recorded at Liverpool 's Parr Street Studios , where they accessed three studio rooms .
The other version , also from the Tupi language , comes from the combination of kurit ( pine tree ) and yba ( large amount ) .
For his paper Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht ( '' Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' ) , in 1964 he was awarded the title of professor , a title of academic distinction in Germany , and taught at the University of Munich until 1966 .
A convict is '' a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court '' or '' a person serving a sentence in prison '' , sometimes referred to in slang as simply a '' con '' .
She married Theobald V , Count of Blois in 1164 .
Martin the Armenian was a settler in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia .
Environmental psychology
In 2002 , on the first anniversary of Harrison 's death , the Concert for George was held at the Royal Albert Hall ; it was organised by Eric Clapton and included performances by many of Harrison 's musical friends , including Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr .
Its largest city and county seat is Santa Rosa .
He is known in the United Kingdom and in the United States for his role as a talent judge on TV shows such as Pop Idol , The X Factor , Britain 's Got Talent , and American Idol .
American pop-orientated rock bands that followed in this vein included Electric Prunes , Strawberry Alarm Clock and Blues Magoos .
Wang Mang founds the short-lived Xin Dynasty in China ( until 25 ) .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra ( and the fourth oldest in the world ) , supports a choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
The Unna ( ) district is a Kreis ( district ) in central North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Fossil remains of dwarf elephants have been found on the Mediterranean islands of Cyprus , Malta ( at Ghar Dalam ) , Crete , Sicily , Sardinia , the Cyclades Islands and the Dodecanese Islands .
Saint-Hippolyte is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Clancy and his first wife Wanda married in 1969 , separated briefly in 1995 , and permanently separated in December 1996 . Wanda Clancy filed for divorce in November 1998 , which became final in 1999 .
In the 2007 episode '' Utopia '' , the Doctor calls the transformed and disguised Master a genius and shows an immense admiration for his intellect before discovering his true identity .
Year 85 ( LXXXV ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Paolo Morachiello , Fra Angelico : The San Marco Frescoes .
It is the largest independent cinema festival in the United States .
Olsberg , France , a village , part of the commune of Breidenbach , in the département of Moselle
Trials The twelve U.S. trials before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals ( NMT ) took place from December 9 , 1946 to April 13 , 1949 .
Prom is short for promenade concert , a term which arose from the original practice of audience members promenading , or strolling , in some areas of the concert hall during the concert .
Notable players AFC Hall of Fame Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame following the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
is a Japanese dumpling made from mochiko ( rice flour ) , related to mochi .
These books have were only in Ethiopic for a long time , but have recently been translated into standard English .
The Giza Necropolis stands on the Giza Plateau , on the outskirts of Cairo , Egypt .
Congressional career House of Representatives Soon after World War II ended , some Whittier Republicans approached Nixon about running for a seat in the United States House of Representatives .
It is also easy to lose these small devices , and easy for people without a right to data to take illicit backups .
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after a revote .
He was known as the BTK killer ( or the BTK strangler ) , which stands for '' bind , torture and kill '' and describes his modus operandi .
While they are searching for Nick 's parents the clown has Nick in a small pouch and as they travel he tells Nick to look out at the circus and makes Nick laugh by saying that the lions are kittens and the people were ants .
When Pauli heard about the idea , he criticized it severely , noting that the electron 's hypothetical surface would have to be moving faster than the speed of light in order for it to rotate quickly enough to produce the necessary angular momentum .
In the end , Sandra beat out Lil to become the Sole Survivor in a 6-1 vote .
Federer has won a male record 16 Grand Slam singles titles .
The exile is given a single machete , a flint , a pot and a bucket of non-sanitized water .
In 1996 , Siddig and his co-star Nana Visitor became involved - their son , Django El Tahir El Siddig , was born on September 16 , 1996 , and the couple married on June 14 , 1997 .
The Class 37 became a familiar sight on many parts of the British Rail network , in particular forming the main motive power for Inter-City services in East Anglia and within Scotland .
directly killing an estimated 80,000 people .
Bayeux is a sub-prefecture of Calvados . It is the seat of the arrondissement of Bayeux and of the canton of Bayeux .
com , 22 September 2009 long in a harbourside location similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix and the new circuit in Valencia .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Therefore it is considered the most Silesian city , in terms of character , in Germany today .
He made his debut at Martinsville Speedway , where he started 26th and finished 33rd .
Italics Emphasis Italics are used sparingly to emphasize words in sentences ( and boldface is normally not used at all for this purpose ) .
Doctor Stoppage ( the referee stops the match in the event that a fighter is injured via a legal blow and the ring doctor determines that he can not continue ) .
The mihrab serves as the location where the imam leads the five daily prayers on a regular basis .
Drenthe was first mentioned in a document from the year 820 , it was called Pago Treanth ( district Drenthe ) .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature ; this was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural centre of the ancient Greek world .
He won the World Figure Skating Championships in 1994 , 1995 , and 1997 .
The peninsula is almost 180 by 60 miles ( 300 by 100 km ) , and is bordered by the Chesapeake Bay on the west , and the Delaware River , Delaware Bay , and Atlantic Ocean on the east .
As Michaels was about to submit , Triple H would save the match , beating both men , and executing his own finisher , the Pedigree , on Benoit before Michaels halted his attempt to win the match . Triple H and Michaels would subsequently team up to suplex Benoit through the announcer 's table , trying to eliminate Benoit from the match .
The Pillows ( styled as the pillows ) are a Japanese alternative rock band .
He volunteered for submarine service with the Kriegsmarine '' to get out of the confinement he felt as a teenager in his parents ' house '' which he considered - in a very negative way - civic Catholic lower middle class '' Katholischen Mief '' .
The first single from the album is '' Nine in the Afternoon '' .
Georgiana May , a friend of Stowe 's , wrote a letter to the author , saying , '' I was up last night long after one o'clock , reading and finishing Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
In 1916 , in the wake of the Central Powers ' invasion , the valuables of the National Bank of Romania , together with many other valuables ( the Romanian Treasure ) were sent to Moscow for safekeeping , but were never returned ( except for the Pietroasele treasure - now on display at the National Museum of Romanian History , the numismatic collection of the National Bank , some paintings and archives ) .
While the movie was criticized for its historical inaccuracies , its epic scope and intense battle scenes won wide praise and has been credited with affecting the political landscape of Siberian Russia .
The term anoxia means a total decrease in the level of oxygen , an extreme form of hypoxia or '' low oxygen '' .
The Art of Walt Disney , 2004 The Rescuers was also the company 's first major animated success since The Jungle Book and the last until The Little Mermaid .
Alternatively , to get over , some heels may do such actions as grab a fan 's hat and throw it away , or grab his sign and tear it in half .
The Latin word for singer , e.g. the main singer of a cantus
Aunay-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sodium bromide is the most useful inorganic bromide in industry .
A few scholars , most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller , argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman .
Recent innovations include permanent magnet motors , machine room-less rail mounted gearless machines , and microprocessor controls .
They are used as pleasure riding , trail riding , and working ranch horses for those who are not interested in competition .
Some of the soldiers initially fired in the air , at which General Dyer shouted : '' Fire low .
She placed fourth in the long program earning 114.19 points , and finished third overall with 186.14 points behind Japanese skaters Miki Ando and Mao Asada .
The Mongolian language ( in Mongolian script : Rendered in Unicode as , ; in Mongolian Cyrillic : , ) is the best-known member of the Mongolic language family .
Camilla and Rebecca were discovered when they were picked out of the audience by one of the executive producers of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody at a live taping of the show .
It is a member of the Cybele group located beyond the core of the belt ( see Minor planet groups ) .
A subrange within the larger Ouachita Mountains that extend from Oklahoma to western Arkansas , the Kiamichi Mountains sit within Le Flore , Pushmataha , and McCurtain counties near the towns of Poteau and Albion .
( Spanish for '' Heart of tripe ! '' ) .
The importance of the Indus and the Shyok rivers is in the deposition of the thick Quaternary sediments -- a treasure trove for geology researchers .
Thus , each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation .
Criminal conversion , exerting unauthorised use or control of someone else 's property
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards .
The term '' Avatar '' comes from the Indian language of Sanskrit .
During the discussions to iron out the details , one of the AFL 's founders and Kansas City Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt had jokingly referred to the proposed inter league championship as the '' Super Bowl '' .
A votive inscription mentioned by Florence Mary Bennett , Florence Mary Bennett , Religious Cults Associated with the Amazons (/O1912/O) : Chapter III : Ephesian Artemis ( on-line text ) .
The harder forms , such as anthracite coal , can be regarded as metamorphic rock because of later exposure to elevated temperature and pressure .
It is situated 17 km northwest of Eberswalde , and 55 km northeast of Berlin ( centre ) .
Length of the river is approximately 200 km . Lilongwe River flows into Lake Nyasa .
Ethanol has been produced and consumed by humans for millennia , in the form of fermented and distilled alcoholic beverages .
Unlike depth charges , mines are deposited and left to wait until they are triggered by the approach of or contact with an enemy ship .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Drumcondra F.C. won the championship .
Curium ( ) is a synthetic chemical element with the symbol Cm and atomic number 96 .
The bocal connects the reed to the rest of the instrument and is inserted into a socket at the top of the wing joint .
Hewitt made her film debut in the independent film Munchie ( 1992 ) .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
Ayers and Dohrn currently live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago .
Deliberate poisoning of food and water with infectious material
In her room at night , Marie reads to herself from the Bible .
If the potential energy is set to zero at infinite distance from the atomic nucleus or molecule , the usual convention , then bound electron states have negative potential energy .
Hisashi Kato ( born April 24 , 1956 in Japan ) is a Japanese football manager and former player .
Muslim theology equates apostasy to treason , and in most interpretations of Sharia , the penalty for apostasy is death .
Motorways are marked by an M , for example the M25 ( which forms a beltway around London ) .
In 2005 , the sequel to Tha Carter , Tha Carter II , was released .
The remaining 10.3 % are not classified .
The Djibouti national football team , nicknamed the Riverains de la Mer Rouge ( Shoremen of the Red Sea ) , is the national team of Djibouti and is controlled by the Fédération Djiboutienne de Football .
Loupes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
However , they realize that the Dragon 's Flame is the source of Bloom 's powers , which they try to steal from her .
The most significant era of eugenic sterilization was between 1907 and 1963 , when over 64,000 individuals were forcibly sterilized under eugenic legislation in the United States .
Lot-et-Garonne ( ) is a department in the southwest of France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers .
Susanna enters and updates her regarding the plan to trap the Count .
Properties The logarithmic spiral can be distinguished from the Archimedean spiral by the fact that the distances between the turnings of a logarithmic spiral increase in geometric progression , while in an Archimedean spiral these distances are constant .
The State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , more commonly referred to as Rhode Island ( or ) , is a state in the New England region of the United States .
In other words , a Las Vegas algorithm does not gamble with the verity of the result ; it only gambles with the resources used for the computation .
Ern Rubik ( born July 13 , 1944 ) is a Hungarian inventor , sculptor and professor of architecture .
Many modern moorings still rely on a large rock as the primary element of their design . However , using pure mass to resist the forces of a storm only works well as a permanent mooring ; trying to move a large enough rock to another bay is nearly impossible .
In 1959 Messiaen was nominated as an Officier of the Légion d'honneur , Hill & Simeone ( 2005 ) , p. 245 and in 1966 he was officially appointed professor of composition at the Paris Conservatoire ( although he had in effect been teaching composition for years ) .
The first European settlement in the interior of North Carolina and what would become the United States was made by Spanish in 1567 , when they built Fort San Juan at the large Native American settlement of Joara near present-day Morganton .
He also holds the uncharacteristically postmodern position of '' Permanent Visiting '' Professor at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , and '' Theodor Heuss Professor '' at The New School , New York .
The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple , commonly known as Inner Temple , is one of the four Inns of Court ( professional associations for barristers and judges ) in London .
Russia ( ; , ) , also officially known as the Russian Federation ( , ) , is a state in northern Eurasia .
The Iron Age ( around 750 BC 43 AD ) In around 750 BC iron working techniques reached the Pretani in Britain from southern Europe .
The nickname of Evgeni Nabokov .
Linux Mint is a Linux-based operating system for computers . Linux Mint is available in several editions with different codebases , all of which are ultimately based on Ubuntu except for LMDE ( Linux Mint Debian Edition ) and Linux Mint Xfce which are based on Debian .
Hayden Christensen ( born April 19 , 1981 ) is a Golden Globe Award-nominated Canadian actor .
The policies of the federal government have a broad impact on both the domestic and foreign affairs of the United States .
The Time 100 : Mitchell Baker : The '' Lizard Wrangler '' ( Marc Andreessen , Time , 18 April 2005 The MPL is characterized as a hybridization of the modified BSD license and GNU General Public License .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
Numerous proposals have been made for alternative base units of metric time .
Bad Godesberg is located along the hills and cliffs of the west bank of the Rhine river , in west central Germany .
