It is largely contained within the Grand Canyon National Park , one of the first national parks in the United States .
It was discovered by Brett Gladman , John J. Kavelaars , et al. .
Benson and Golden have also collaborated on two supernatural thrillers : Ghosts of Albion : Accursed and Ghosts of Albion : Witchery .
The first '' expansion '' sequel , Half-Life 2 : Episode One , takes place immediately after the events of Half-Life 2 , with the player taking on the role of Gordon Freeman once again and with Alyx Vance playing a more prominent role . Half-Life 2 : Episode Two continues directly from the ending of Episode One , with Alyx and Gordon making their way to White Forest Missile base , the latest hideout of the resistance .
This species is a widespread summer migrant to Europe and Asia , and winters in Africa .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a severe railway accident that took place on May 27 , 1971 in Dahlerau , a small town belonging to Radevormwald in then-West Germany , in which a freight train and a passenger train crashed into each other .
Spandau is the fifth and westernmost borough ( Bezirk ) of Berlin , situated at the confluence of the Havel and Spree rivers and along the western bank of the Havel .
The 2006 Nova Scotia tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone that was unnamed operationally during the season but was recognized during post-season analysis and designated AL022006 .
In 1789 , at the opening of the French Revolution , he was sent as a deputy to the Estates-General that soon became the National Constituent Assembly , where he acquired some limited fame , particularly for a public speech in defense of capital punishment .
John Keats ( ; 31 October 1795 -- 23 February 1821 ) was an English poet , who became one of the key figures of the Romantic movement .
Acinetobacter baumannii is a species of pathogenic bacteria , referred to as an aerobic gram-negative bacterium , that is resistant to most antibiotics .
An act of worship may be performed individually , in an informal or formal group , or by a designated leader . Religious worship happens in a wide variety of locations : in purpose-built places of worship , at home or in the open .
Salt , pepper , or other seasonings can be added to taste .
Other , related , philosophical opinions about the existence of deity are ignosticism and skepticism .
The fossil consists of most of the face and mandible with teeth and , uniquely , a natural endocast of the braincase .
Theodor Holm Nelson ( born June 17 , 1937 ) is an American sociologist , philosopher , and pioneer of information technology .
Vadu Moldovei is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
As with hot deserts , some people such as the Inuit have adapted to the harsh conditions of cold deserts . Most traditional human life in deserts is nomadic .
When war broke out , the Raj had put him under house arrest in Calcutta in 1940 .
Halley is the only short-period comet that is clearly visible to the naked eye from Earth , and thus the only naked-eye comet that might appear twice in a human lifetime .
She is the younger sister of Paris Hilton .
Foufflin-Ricametz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kellogg 's introduced Froot Loops in 1963 .
There are other terms , less commonly used , which are conventionally attached to proven statements , so that certain theorems are referred to by historical or customary names .
The match went to penalties , and Terry missed a penalty which would have won Chelsea the match ( and the Champions League ) .
Dutch door or stable door ; the top half of the door operates independently from the bottom half .
The term wormhole was coined by the American theoretical physicist John Archibald Wheeler in 1957 .
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders are a family of sleep disorders affecting , among other things , the timing of sleep .
Forest has a high school , North Lambton Secondary School .
He was born in East Dereham , Norfolk , and lived in Darlington , where he worked at the Royal Free Grammar School .
Chant was normally sung in unison .
For example , if a tropical storm in the Northwestern Pacific reaches hurricane-strength winds on the Beaufort scale , it is referred to as a typhoon ; if a tropical storm passes the same benchmark in the Northeast Pacific Basin , or in the Atlantic , it is called a hurricane .
Nanteuil Church ( 12th , 13th , 15th centuries ) , whose statue of the Virgin Mary is the object of a very ancient pilgrimage on Whit Monday .
Introduction to true limpets Limpets have flattened , cone-shaped shells , and the majority of species are commonly found adhering strongly to rocks or other hard substrates , looking like little bumps on the surface .
Although she began acting at age 17 in 1965 , Hershey did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the 1980s .
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore , Maryland .
She appears on the '' Hot 100 '' section of Maxim and was voted number one on AskMen.com 's list of '' 99 Most Desirable Women '' in 2006 , as well as '' Sexiest Woman in the World '' by FHM in 2007 .
The population of the city ( commune ) at the 1999 census was 70,850 inhabitants ( 71,300 inhabitants as per February 2004 estimates ) .
Takalik Abaj was linked to long-distance Maya trade routes that shifted over time but allowed the city to participate in a trade network that included the Guatemalan highlands and the Pacific coastal plain from Mexico to El Salvador .
However , it was n't until late 2001 that Al Jazeera achieved worldwide recognition , when it broadcast video statements by al-Qaeda leaders .
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the principal broadcast orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation and one of the leading orchestras in Britain .
The mainland of Afro-Eurasia has been referred to as the World Island , a term coined by Sir Halford John Mackinder in The Geographical Pivot of History .
In 1901 a Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was established to serve the newly formed Federal Parliament of Australia . From its inception the Commonwealth Parliamentary Library was driven to development of a truly national collection .
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth ( Estigmene acrea ) is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
It has a population of 30,500 (/O2008/O) and is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
Caldwell is the home of the College of Idaho .
The 2003 - 04 regular season was also the first one ( excluding the lockout-shortened 1994 - 95 season ) since 1967 - 68 in which there was neither a 50-goal scorer , nor a 100-point scorer .
The print version comprises ten 500-page volumes .
Tyson knocked out Holmes in the fourth round , having dropped him three times inside the round with a series of pulverizing combinations .
Leonard James Callaghan , Baron Callaghan of Cardiff , KG , PC ( 27 March 1912 - 26 March 2005 ) , was a British Labor politician , who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1976 to 1979 and Leader of the Labor Party from 1976 to 1980 .
Whether Madison 's theory of Republicanism really supported the nullification movement , and more broadly whether the ideas he expressed between 1798 and 1800 are consistent with his work before and after this period , are the main questions surrounding the Report in the modern literature .
After passing Jamaica , Ivan resumed a more northerly track and regained Category 5 strength .
The critic Harold Bloom has referred to him in the book The Western Canon as the most representative poet of the 20th century , along with Pablo Neruda .
At the end of each regular season , six teams from each conference play in the NFL playoffs , a twelve-team single-elimination tournament that culminates with the championship game , known as the Super Bowl .
If the previous UEFA Europa League title-holders are not eligible to take part in either of the current UEFA club competitions ( UEFA Champions League or UEFA Europa League ) by virtue of their domestic form , the UEFA Administration may , at the request of the association of the club concerned , admit this club to the current UEFA Europa League competition .
The thing which appeared to save Eisenstein 's career at this point was that Stalin ended up taking the position that the Bezhin Meadow catastrophe , along with several other problems facing the industry at that point , had less to do with Eisenstein 's approach to filmmaking as with the executives who were supposed to have been supervising him .
Edward de Bono ( born May 19 , 1933 , in Malta ) is a physician , author , inventor , and consultant .
Paul Stephen Rudd ( born April 6 , 1969 ) is an American actor and screenwriter .
The Albert 's Lyrebird ( Menura alberti ) is a pheasant-sized songbird , approximately 90cm long , with brown upper body plumage and rich chestnut below .
Based on spectroscopy , Saturn is thought to be similar in composition to Jupiter , but the other gas giants Uranus and Neptune have relatively much less hydrogen and helium .
'' Let It Go '' appeared on the Set It Off soundtrack .
Depending on where it is purchased , and the length of validity , a Travelcard is either printed on a paper ticket with a magnetic stripe or encoded onto a reusable contactless electronic smart card , known as an Oyster card .
For sanitary reasons , military tent cities place toilet , shower , and laundry facilities at least from living quarters .
The Picture of Dorian Gray ( Penguin Classics ) -- Introduction Wilde later revised this edition , making several alterations , and adding new chapters ; the amended version was published by Ward , Lock , and Company in April 1891 .
Scarlino remained part of the Principality of Piombino until the early 19th century , when it became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
The theory observes that African pluvial periods are associated with a '' wet Sahara '' phase , during which larger lakes and more rivers exist .
It became the 50th stadium to host an England international football match when the English and Japanese national teams played on 1 June 2004 , and .
Beuvry is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Clown , a servant
Psychrophile\/Cryophile : An organism capable of survival , growth or reproduction at temperatures of 15 C or lower for extended periods ; common in cold soils , permafrost , polar ice , cold ocean water , and in or under alpine snowpack
In the world of the movie , a movie called Stab has been released , which is based on the real events of the first film and is also a parody of Scream .
He was the son of Tim Buckley , also a musician .
For electric utilities , it is the first process in the delivery of electricity to consumers .
Rockabilly is one of the earliest styles of rock and roll music , and emerged in the early 1950s .
Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The London , Midland and Scottish Railway and the London and North Eastern Railway both developed a system of identifying railway carriages by means of alphabetic codes .
Earth science ( also known as geoscience , the geosciences , or the Earth Sciences ) , is an all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet Earth .
His father , Ferdinando , was a clarinetist and man-about-town .
Whitney Adela Sloan ( August 21 , 1988 , London , England , UK ) is a British-born actress best known for playing her role as '' Hollywood Henderson '' in the Disney Channel Original Movie Go Figure .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
Buildings are made to endure massive loads as well as changing climate and natural disasters .
The stall plates , however , are not removed ; rather , they remain permanently affixed somewhere about the stall , so that the stalls of the chapel are festooned with a colourful record of the Order 's Knights and Dames Grand Cross since 1906 .
Melanesia , the most populous of the three regions , contains mainly high islands , while most of Micronesia and Polynesia are low islands .
All of the countries excluding Timor-Leste are members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) .
The legislation restricted a number of civil liberties , including freedom of assembly , banning gatherings of more than four people .
It is named after the mineral aquamarine , a gemstone mainly found in granite rocks .
Blésignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia .
The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974 , although the signal box remained in use until 1979 .
Iraq shares borders with Jordan to the west , Syria to the northwest , Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , and Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to the south .
Masakiyo Maezono is a retired Japanese football player .
Promotion to a higher degree is by invitation only .
His best-known composition , The Scream , is part of a series The Frieze of Life , in which Munch explored the themes of life , love , fear , death , and melancholy .
First known as TV Natin , then DZRH RadyoVision .
Later , at his birthday reception , Heinrich Himmler and Hermann Fegelein plead with Hitler to allow himself to be evacuated from the city .
Manuel I Comnenus orders all the Venetians in the Byzantine Empire to be arrested and their property confiscated .
They are evergreen shrubs and small trees growing to tall .
They are unique in that they do not have an alternation of polyp and medusa life cycle phases , but are interpreted as an attached medusa stage , with a life style more resembling that of polypoid forms .
The drum head has the most effect on how a drum sounds .
Unattended installations rely on the use of answer files to fill in installation information , and can be performed through a bootable CD using Microsoft Systems Management Server , by the System Preparation Tool .
Without a direct trail , it would be necessary to travel a great distance southeast to Yuma , then north up the river to La Paz .
This initially seems to work as planned with Brahma becoming pleased by Hiranyakashipu 's austerities . Brahma thus appears before Hiranyakashipu and offers him a boon that he will personally make true anything he wishes for .
The team is seeking an alternative technical deal to assist in the construction of its chassis .
Zuffa Purchases IFL Instead of the established norm for MMA events , where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs , each IFL card was a showdown between two camps of at least three fighters , each fighter fighting one match against another in the opposing camps .
As of June 2009 , the greater geographical area had an approximate population of 4.00 million .
In 1904 the Cornish Revival began with publication of Henry Jenner 's Handbook of the Cornish Language . The publication included Cornish spelling as it was last used when Cornish was a community language in the 18th century .
Dromore ( ) is a small town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
The residents of the household do not have to be related to the head of the household for their earnings to be considered part of the household 's income .
Hartman was born in Highland Park , Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis .
Umayya ibn Abd Shams is whom the clan of Banu Umayyad is named after .
However , another line-up change occurred between the two albums ; Nagash quit and was replaced by new bassist\/singer ICS Vortex , and Tjodalv left due to his family commitments , and to form the subsequent band Susperia , DIMMU BORGIR BIOGRAPHY only to be replaced with Nicholas Barker , of Cradle of Filth .
The first three were largely because of the all-star play of Ken Dryden , although Larocque was considered a top backup and could have been the # 1 starting goalie for most NHL teams .
Vazhuka - This is a naturally occurring hybrid between Malabar and Mysore varieties , and the panicles grow neither vertically nor horizontally , but in between .
For the first time , a European government represents all social classes .
Some of the titles to paintings in 1915 express the concept of a non-euclidian geometry which imagined forms in movement , or through time ; titles such as : Two dimensional painted masses in the state of movement .
He took office on December 18 , 2006 .
Together , odd-toed ungulates form the order Perissodactyla ( perissos abundant\/excessive + daktulos toes ) .
Lower Norfolk County was quite large , and stretched all the way from the Atlantic Ocean west past the Elizabeth River , encompassing the entire area now within the modern cities of Portsmouth , Norfolk , Chesapeake , and Virginia Beach .
However , Muslims do not view Muhammad as the creator of Islam , but instead regard him as the last messenger of God , through which the Qur ` an was revealed .
Jumping can be distinguished from running , galloping , and other gaits where the entire body is temporarily airborne by the relatively long duration of the aerial phase and high angle of initial launch .
Clay City is a city in Powell County , Kentucky , United States .
His widely publicised trial took place in 2004 .
From 1921 to 1924 , he served as Weingartner 's assistant at the Vienna Volksoper and as répétiteur and chorus master .
Undated Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy conquers Riazan .
There is a high survival rate amongst victims of acid attacks .
It is directly elected at least once in every five years under the system of proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote ( STV ) .
Eek is a city in Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States .
'' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' is considered their best selling single to date with worldwide sales exceeding 8 million copies and reaching the top of the charts in 35 countries .
Palmerston Park is a multi-purpose stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries , south west Scotland .
Internet Protocol Security ( IPsec ) is a protocol suite for securing Internet Protocol ( IP ) communications by authenticating and encrypting each IP packet of a data stream .
'' We do n't see ourselves as a destructive force , but we are . ''
Walberg is known as both a social and economic conservative .
Of this , over half is eaten by whales , seals , penguins , squid and fish each year , and is replaced by growth and reproduction .
They are often used for children 's enjoyment , but their usage in artistic performances shows that they can also be fascinating for adults .
To become effective , the proposals must be put to a referendum of all Australians of voting age , and must receive a '' double majority '' : a majority of all votes , and a majority of votes in a majority of States .
The Freikorps ( German for '' Free Corps '' ) was originally used to descripe voluntary armies in Germany .
This length is the measure from a man 's hip to the fingers of the outstretched opposite arm .
All nine principal cast members from the television series ( Adam Baldwin , Alan Tudyk , Gina Torres , Jewel Staite , Morena Baccarin , Nathan Fillion , Ron Glass , Sean Maher , and Summer Glau ) returned for the movie .
The province was bordered by the Indian states of Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir to the east , the princely state of Bahawalpur to the south , the provinces of Balochistan and Sindh to the southwest , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa to the northwest , and Azad Kashmir to the northeast .
June 1 -- Battle of Shamkor : Georgians defeat the Ildenizids of Azerbaijan .
The Flobots are an American rock and hip hop musical group from Denver , Colorado , formed in 2000 by Jamie Laurie .
Saxony nevertheless joined the Prussian-led North German Confederation the next year .
At No Way Out , WWE United States Champion Chris Benoit and The Hardys ( Matt and Jeff ) defeated MNM ( Joey Mercury and Johnny Nitro ) and Montel Vontavious Porter ( MVP ) .
Cagney plays a truck driver named Danny Kenny , who starts as a New York boxing contender .
The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to infernal or liminal gods such as Hermes , Charon , Hecate , and Persephone , sometimes via the mediation of a dead person ( probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was deposited ) .
Australasia Belgium Bohemia Denmark Finland France Great Britain Netherlands Norway Sweden Switzerland The 1908 Summer Olympics , officially the Games of the IV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in 1908 in London , England .
Arandas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Steven Patrick Morrissey ( born 22 May 1959 ) , known primarily as Morrissey , is an English singer and songwriter .
It is the seventh game in the Metroid series , a direct sequel to Metroid Prime , and the first game in the series with a multiplayer feature .
Montecristo is a small Italian islet , approximately 4.3 kilometers ( 2.3 mi ) across at its widest point , located about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy ; south of Elba and west of Giglio .
The observable matter is spread uniformly ( homogeneously ) throughout the universe , when averaged over distances longer than 300 million light-years .
Daryl 's Dinner (/O2002/O)
-- )
Gateshead town center and Newcastle City Centre are joined by seven different bridges across the Tyne , including the landmark Gateshead Millennium Bridge .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
Hewes 's parents were part of the Quaker Society of Friends .
The taxonomy shown here follows the monophyletic groupings according to the two theories of human and great ape relationships .
Year 1854 ( MDCCCLIV ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Characteristics When fresh , it is quite crumbly and relatively hard , but characteristically ripens and becomes softer and strongly flavoured as it ages .
In the episode , Homer is forced to wear a pink shirt to work one day as a result of a laundry accident and is mistaken for a '' free thinking anarchist '' .
Rutherfordium ( ) is a chemical element in the periodic table that has the symbol Rf and atomic number 104 .
Measurements taken by the Japanese science ministry and education ministry in areas of northern Japan 30 - 50 km from the plant showed radioactive caesium levels high enough to cause concern .
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In the anatomy of mammals , the thoracic diaphragm , or simply the diaphragm , is a sheet of internal muscle that extends across the bottom of the rib cage .
Childers was educated at Gresham 's School , Holt , and the University of Cambridge , hence his striking British upper class accent .
Thiamine is involved in the breakdown of energy molecules such as glucose and is also found on the membranes of neurons .
It was temporarily closed in 1940 during World War II to be used as an air-raid shelter .
HEADING Historiography of Curse Tablets
The file format created by Adobe Systems in 1993 is used for representing two-dimensional documents in a manner independent of the application software , hardware , and operating system .
The kiwi has since become the most well-known national symbol for New Zealand , and kiwis are prominent in the coat of arms , crests and badges of many New Zealand cities , clubs and organisations .
In 1993 , Tom Clancy joined a group of investors that included Peter Angelos and bought the Baltimore Orioles from Eli Jacobs .
In the meantime , Ichigo must take over Rukia 's role as a Soul Reaper , battling Hollows and guiding souls to the afterlife realm known as the Soul Society .
Herbert was replaced by Emil Paur in 1904 .
In 1970 , Ford asked Weslake and Co of Rye to build the BDA Engine for them , and by the end of 1970 the production line had been installed at Rye and production was under way .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu .
Baby transport ( or child carrier , stroller or baby carrier ) consists of devices for transporting and carrying infants .
Some minerals , like quartz , mica or feldspar are common , while others have been found in only a few locations worldwide .
The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid in a free ( irrotational ) vortex are greatest at the center , and decrease progressively with distance from the center , whereas the speed of a forced ( rotational ) vortex is zero at the center and increases proportional to the distance from the center .
Just like sort - it does n't mean anything to me but ( childish taunting ) ` na-na , na-na-na ! ' ''
In 1948 , he submitted a short story titled '' A Perfect Day for Bananafish '' to The New Yorker .
In preparation for his impending NASCAR career , Speed entered into the Automobile Racing Club of America ( ARCA ) series in selected races in 2007 , and a full season in 2008 .
There are four types of cricket song : The calling song attracts females and repels other males , and is fairly loud .
Who 's Who in Glasgow in 1909 : WILLIAM FINDLAY [ ebook chapter &#93; / George Eyre-Todd , 1909 Alexander Fleming ; discoverer of Penicilin , attended Kilmarnock Academy .
In 1901 Le Guin 's father earned the first Ph. D. in anthropology in the United States from Columbia University and went on to found the second department , at the University of California , Berkeley .
Hafnium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Hf and atomic number 72 .
Pneumatics is a branch of technology , which deals with the study and application of use of pressurized gas to affect mechanical motion .
The show received positive reviews from critics , political science professors , and former White House staffers .
with Antonije Sekelj : Dopisni te aj Esperanta , Belgrad : Serba Esperanto-Ligo , 1960 , 63 pages .
Chatham is a town in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , United States , Barnstable County being coextensive with Cape Cod .
Omet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Chapman received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Desert Theatre League ( DTL ) on Sunday , November 20 , 2005 , at the DTL 's 18th '' Desert Stars Awards '' Ceremony held at the Riviera Resort in Palm Springs , California .
The constitution was revised , and the President became the ruler of Pakistan .
As he tries to escape , Ottavio arrives with Anna , consoling her in her grief .
A system can be called economically efficient if : No one can be made better off without making someone else worse off , more output can not be obtained without increasing the amount of inputs , and production ensures the lowest possible per unit cost .
She has one son , Wesley , with her late husband , Jack Crusher .
Auschwitz ( ; ) was a network of concentration and extermination camps built and operated in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during the Second World War .
Paul Felix von Weingartner , EdlerEdler was until 1919 a title of nobility in Austria-Hungary and Germany .
In 1969/70 the 168 cities and municipalities were merged to 16 ; and as the second part of the administrative reform in 1973 the two districts Lemgo and Detmold were merged to the district Lippe .
A papal conclave is a meeting of the College of Cardinals convened to elect a Bishop of Rome , who becomes the pope , when there is a vacancy in the office .
The companion character , intended to act as an audience surrogate was key in the first series more so than any other to introduce new viewers to Doctor Who , which had not aired regularly since 1989 .
The 1892 -- 93 season was the fifth season of The Football League .
December 13 & ndash ; The Order of the Dragon is founded under King Sigismund of Hungary .
This made them fairly easy to control ; simply sending the text to the printer was usually enough to generate a page of output .
If the partners live together , the relationship may resemble marriage , with the parties possibly even called husband and wife .
Kim Yong-Dae ( born October 11 , 1979 ) is a South Korean football player , who currently plays for the K-League team Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix .
As of 2000 , the population was 172,493 .
The electrons are unbound and behave like the conduction electrons in a metal .
Eric Johnson ( born August 17 , 1954 ) is an American guitarist and recording artist from Austin , Texas .
When running under OS 9.2 , a PowerPC processor , 24 MB of RAM , and 25 MB of free space is required .
See : Months in various calendars also called the season of the unicorn .
The Sand cat ( Felis margarita ) , also referred to as the '' sand dune cat '' , is a small wild cat distributed over African and Asian deserts .
In 1982 he moved to Australia , where he eventually found work as a carpenter ( he also became an Australian citizen ) .
As well as being the first woman and the first who has never been married , Gillard is the first Prime Minister since Billy Hughes ( 1915 - 1923 ) to have been born overseas .
The main application for this procedure is capital punishment , but the term may also be applied in a broad sense to euthanasia , and suicide .
He left school in 1962 and received a scholarship from Cusanuswerk , the scholarship body of the Catholic Church in Germany , to study physics at the universities of Bonn and Saarland .
The Church of St. Adalbert was the seat of the archbishop of Esztergom , the head of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary .
In joinery , a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain .
Any religious belief system , or creed , can be considered an example of aqidah .
He conceived the idea of a periodical that would cover every topic the educated public was interested in , from commerce to poetry , and tried to convince several London printers and booksellers to take up the idea .
Fluxbox also has several features Blackbox lacks , including tabbed windows and a configurable titlebar .
John Barrow ( 1991 ) Theories of Everything : The Quest for Ultimate Explanations .
Mischief Night ( also known as Devil 's Night , Hell Night , Cabbage Night , Gate Night , and Mizzy Night and Miggy Night ) is an annual tradition in parts of England , Canada , and the United States when people ( primarily teenagers and preteens ) take a degree of license to play pranks and do mischief in their neighborhoods .
Its capital is the city of Pisa .
HEADING ( Te wo Tsunaide ) to ( Hakanaku Tsuyoku ) Era
It is located in the province of Eastern Finland and is part of North Karelia region .
At the first Immunity Challenge , Misty returned from Exile Island and pretended she found the Immunity Idol hidden there , although it was not necessary when Bayoneta finished first .
Koksijde is a municipality located in the Flemish province of West Flanders on the North Sea coast , at the southwest side .
Year 1311 ( MCCCXI ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
A major habitat type , however , is a compromise , as it has an intrinsic inhomogeneity .
Korean ( , see below ) is the official language of North Korea and South Korea .
An English translation by Sir Edwin Arnold , then Principal of Puna College , Pune , India , was published in London in 1861 .
Kontiola was drafted 196th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks from Tappara Tampere of the SM-Liiga .
Erbium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Er and atomic number 68 .
This area included what had been the Roman province of Africa , whose name it inherited .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
However , she later dropped the lawsuit after receiving a personal apology from Playboy owner Hugh Hefner , who agreed to make donations to two charities that Alba has supported .
In Sotah 10b , Samael is Esau 's guardian angel , and in the Sayings of Rabbi Eliezer , he is charged with being the one who tempted Eve , then seduced and impregnated her with Cain .
Thrymr ( THRIM - r ) or Saturn XXX , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
http://www.theorbitron.com/ Official Orbitron website outlining the history and restoration of the carhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.mrgasser.com/orbitron.htm Entry for the Orbitron at Mrgasser.com One of a series of ordinary doorbell switches atop the hood activated the top from the outside .
Peterborough United Football Club are an English professional football club based in Peterborough .
Two new teams , the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks made their debuts and were both put into the East Division .
This means that the Flora family represents 4-5 % of all main belt asteroids .
The term Commonwealth is , however , loosely used to describe the system of government during the whole of 1649 to 1660 , when England was de facto , and arguably de jure , a republic ( or , to monarchists , under the English Interregnum ) .
Ellen Page as Kitty Pryde \/O/ Shadowcat : She can '' phase '' through matter which allows her to walk through solid objects .
She also praised Rangel 's colony era work which was used '' to denounce colonial dictatorship '' , and pointed out that many of Rangel 's photographs had been banned until Mozambique 's independence .
UN Iraq - Kuwait Observer Mission ( UNIKOM ) Kuwait was also the first country to send aid to isolated mountain villages in Kashmir after the quake of 2005 , Kuwait sends relief goods for villages also offering the largest amount of aid in the aftermath of the quake ( $ 100m ) .
Dion would challenge Quebec sovereignist assertions about the legal validity of the 1995 Quebec referendum question in three open letters to Quebec Premier Lucien Bouchard and Quebec Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Jacques Brassard .
Eight generals of the war were born in or near Huntsville , evenly split with four on each side .
The term boreal forest is sometimes , particularly in Canada , used to refer to the more southerly part of the biome , while the term taiga is then often used to describe only the more barren areas of the northernmost part of the taiga approaching the tree line .
Synthetic diamonds are diamonds manufactured in a laboratory , as opposed to diamonds mined from the Earth .
Longvilliers ( until 1997 Longvillers ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Nevertheless , Sasuke has been highly popular with the Naruto reader base , placing high in several popularity polls .
An icon of modern American liberalism and member of the Kennedy family , he was a younger brother of President John F. Kennedy and acted as one of his advisers during his presidency .
Around this time he became affiliated with the Heathen Front and authored several underground writings on Germanic neopaganism .
URL accessed August 24 , 2006 In 1976 , following a letter-writing campaign , NASA named its prototype space shuttle Enterprise , after the fictional starship .
FreeBASIC is a free/open source ( GPL ) , 32-bit BASIC compiler for Microsoft Windows , protected-mode DOS ( DOS extender ) , Linux , and Xbox .
Shortly after completion of the film , Bowie and Farthingale broke up , and Bowie moved in with Mary Finnigan as her lodger .
The epicentre was at 23.85 N latitude , 120.82 E longitude , southwest of Sun Moon Lake , near the town of Jiji , Nantou .
These dogs began to find their way into America as early as 1870 where they became known as pit dog , pit bull terrier , later American bull terrier , and still later as Yankee terrier .
The two initial tribes were Boran and Samburu ( named for the real-life Borana and Samburu tribes ) .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Phoenix Suns .
The cheese was famously issued to French troops during World War II , becoming firmly fixed in French popular culture as a result .
Moldovan ( also Moldavian ; ) , written in the Latin script , is one of the names of the official language of the Republic of Moldova .
Colsterworth is a village in the English county of Lincolnshire .
Players were now allowed forward passing in the offensive zone , instead of only in the defensive and neutral zones .
As of May 2009 , Elaheh and Ghazale are college students .
The Pantanal lowlands cover 12 municipalities and presents an enormous variety of flora and fauna , with forests , natural sand banks , savannahs , open pasture , fields and bushes .
The band 's original name was to be The Mexican Economy , but was changed to avoid racial complications .
They were built to replace many locomotive-hauled passenger trains and allowed cascading of existing Sprinter units to replace elderly ` heritage ' DMUs .
In exchange for helping find all the pieces of the captain 's cursed body , Barbaros promises to lead Zack and Wiki to the coveted '' Treasure Island '' and his legendary pirate ship .
For most of their recording career , The Clash consisted of Joe Strummer ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Mick Jones ( lead guitar , vocals ) , Paul Simonon ( bass guitar , backing vocals , occasional lead vocals ) and Nicky '' Topper '' Headon ( drums , percussion ) .
Note , however , Yuan Dynasty is traditionally often extended to cover the Mongol Empire before Kublai Khan 's formal establishment of the Yuan in 1271 , partly because Kublai had his grandfather Genghis Khan placed on the official record as the founder of the dynasty or Taizu .
The city , located on the Pacific Ocean , contains Mexico 's busiest port .
It later became Massey-Ferguson , before closing in 1978 .
Pierremont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Banda Lamba
In the fifth episode , after 12 days , three members from each team were switched to the other team , in what became known as the first '' twist '' in the Survivor series .
Thomas Morley ( 1557 or 1558 -- October 1602 ) was an English composer , theorist , editor and organist of the Renaissance , and the foremost member of the English Madrigal School .
Dostoevsky had to race against time , in order to finish on time both The Gambler and Crime and Punishment .
The Star Wars character Han Solo is also considered elemental to this genre .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
The executor of the law of blood-revenge who personally put the initial aggressive killer to death was given a special designation : go ` el haddam , the blood-avenger or blood-redeemer ( Book of Numbers 35 : 19 , etc. ) .
In 1993 they began working on demos , recording Flyswatter in Scott Raynor 's bedroom .
, born , was Japan 's number one geiko ( geisha ) until her sudden retirement at the age of 29 .
Vengeance ( 2006 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on June 25 , 2006 at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Cartwright voices several other characters on the show , including Nelson Muntz , Ralph Wiggum , Todd Flanders , Kearney and Database .
She had a younger sister , Caroline Lee Bouvier , born in 1933 , and later known as Lee Radziwill .
The IRB played an important role in the history of Ireland , as the chief advocate of republicanism during the campaign for Ireland 's independence from the United Kingdom .
The names for these satellites are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope .
This source sound is altered as it travels through the vocal tract , configured differently based on the position of the tongue , lips , mouth , and pharynx .
Wesley is largely credited , along with his brother Charles Wesley , as founding the Methodist movement which began when he took to open-air preaching in a similar manner to George Whitefield .
The BBC confirmed on 2 June 2010 that Last of the Summer Wine had been canceled and the 31st series would be its last .
Ipswich 's record home attendance is 38,010 for a sixth round FA Cup match against Leeds United on 8 March 1975 .
Milk moved from New York City to settle in San Francisco in 1972 amid a migration of gay men to the Castro District .
Roald Engelbregt Gravning Amundsen ( ; 16 July 1872 -- c. 18 June 1928 ) was a Norwegian explorer of polar regions .
The band named themselves after a wind-channeling pipe sculpture , '' A Sound Garden '' , located on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration property next to Magnuson Park , Seattle .
It lay to the north of the modern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969 .
It recovers a computer after the system crash and boots it by pressing the F11 key .
World War II The town is the place where during the Second World War , United States Army forces coming from the west met with forces of the Soviet Union coming from the east during the invasion of Germany on April 25 , 1945 .
Awaiting an evening of a national feast among Babylonians ( generally thought to refer to the feast of Belshazzar mentioned in Daniel V ) , Cyrus ' troops diverted the Euphrates river upstream , causing the Euphrates to drop to about ` mid thigh level on a man ' or to dry up altogether .
Robert James Lee ( Bob ) Hawke , AC ( born 9 December 1929 ) was the 23rd Prime Minister of Australia and longest serving Australian Labor Party Prime Minister .
Dawn Fraser AO , MBE ( born 4 September 1937 ) is an Australian champion swimmer .
Its programs are primarily from MBC 's flagship AM station DZRH .
July 2008 , 71 Million Pet Owners And 382 Million Pets Equal A $ 43 Billion Industry That Shows No Signs Of Slowing , IBISWorld The two most popular pets in most Western countries have been cats and dogs .
It was published again in 1995 under a slightly different title Walking Trees : Portraits of Teachers and Children in the Culture of Schools .
Formed by the combination of Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory on November 16 , 1907 , Oklahoma was the 46th state to enter the union .
Chiltern was once on the main road between Melbourne and Sydney but is now bypassed by the Hume Freeway running a few kilometres to the east .
Yerba Buena ( D.M. )
Lawrence Sheriff , Elizabethan gentleman and grocer ( d. 1567 )
The Columbia Encyclopedia , 6th ed .
They had three children and it was rumoured that Elizabeth was already pregnant at the time of the marriage .
Yellowcake is produced by all countries in which uranium ore is mined .
Libin is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
The title was already used during the Roman Republic for the guards of Roman generals , at least since the rise to prominence of the Scipio family around 275 BC .
While remarkable for its simplicity and speed in software , RC4 has weaknesses that argue against its use in new systems .
Much of his academic life he spent studying genetics especially focusing on applying the laws of inheritance to populations .
Buddhism Buddhism has also incorporated the conch shell , as one of the Eight Auspicious Symbols .
An unidentified species of the genus is known from the Pleistocene of New Guinea .
The consequences of these attacks include blindness and permanent scarring of the face and body .
History The district was established on 1 October 1922 , when the newly created state of Thuringia was administratively divided into 15 districts and 9 district free cities .
Scott Young ( April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
Red marrow is found mainly in the flat bones , such as the hip bone , breast bone , skull , ribs , vertebrae and shoulder blades , and in the cancellous ( '' spongy '' ) material at the epiphyseal ends of the long bones such as the femur and humerus .
Due to believed low levels of serotonin in the brain , another commonly used treatment is SSRI drugs ( Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ) .
Lakes split from Bahr al Ghazal , and Jonglei split off from Upper Nile .
D.C. , Maryland , and Virginia editions are printed for daily circulation .
It is within the administrative region of Central Greece and its capital is Karpenisi ( approx .
Some of the unattractive concrete buildings around the marketplace were torn down and replaced by replicas of the original buildings .
Cobalt ( II ) oxide , CoO , converts to Co3O4 if heated to around 600-700 C in air .
Recently , he portrayed the lead roles in the Left Behind film series and in the 2008 drama film , Fireproof .
Bush is the eldest son of President George H. W. Bush , who served as the 41st President , and Barbara Bush , making him one of only two American presidents to be the son of a preceding president .
Although many churches now take their services from Common Worship or other modern prayer books , if a church has a choir , Choral Evensong from the Book of Common Prayer often remains in use because of the greater musical provision .
The settlement started as a timber station in 1830 , but it is best known for being a penal colony .
Palm Beach Gardens is a city in Palm Beach County in the U.S. state of Florida .
This Preface to Lyrical Ballads is considered a central work of Romantic literary theory .
Affoltern contains a total of 14 municipalities :
Its first published use is credited to Don Hoefler , a friend of Vaerst 's , who used the phrase as the title of a series of articles in the weekly trade newspaper Electronic News .
N No-contest a match which ends without a winner normally due to a legitimate injury where the wrestler can not continue , to prolong a feud , or because of interference .
Located in the Autonomous Community of Madrid , 35 km northeast of the city of Madrid , at an altitude of 588 metres ( 1929 ft ) above sea level , it has a population of around 200,000 , the second largest of the region after the Spanish capital itself .
The 89-story building features retail and office space in the lower section , and restaurants and a public observatory near the top .
Today there are thousands of Cayce students and more than 300 books written about Edgar Cayce . Members of Cayce 's organization , the Association for Research and Enlightenment ( A.R.E. ) exist worldwide and Edgar Cayce Centers are found in more than 35 countries .
Both resources must be developed in order to stabilize and reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
The town is twinned with several towns :
Barenboim made his debut as a pianist in Vienna and Rome in 1952 , Paris in 1955 , London in 1956 , and New York in 1957 under the baton of Leopold Stokowski .
Stadio Olimpico - Rome (/O1960/O)
Odysseus ' plan called for one man to remain outside of the horse ; he would act as though the Greeks abandoned him , leaving the horse as a gift for the Trojans .
Amino acids are molecules containing both amine and carboxyl functional groups .
This book chronicles the adventures of thirteen-year-old demigod Percy Jackson as he and his friends rescue his satyr friend Grover from the Cyclops Polyphemus and save the camp from a Titan 's attack by bringing the Golden Fleece to cure Thalia 's poisoned pine tree .
The library is a major research library , holding over 150 million items from every country in the world , in virtually all known languages and in many formats , both print and digital : books , manuscripts , journals , newspapers , magazines , sound and music recordings , videos , play-scripts , patents , databases , maps , stamps , prints , drawings .
It is his final solo release for his current contract with Interscope Records , excluding a '' greatest hits '' album .
Loosely speaking , a derivative can be thought of as how much one quantity is changing in response to changes in some other quantity ; for example , the derivative of the position of a moving object with respect to time is the object 's instantaneous velocity .
Published every day except Sunday , it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast .
Clermont-Créans is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Martinique , eastern Cuba , and South Carolina were lashed by a hurricane between September 3 and September 11 .
Containers range from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .
The Essex town of Saffron Walden , named for its new specialty crop , emerged as England 's prime saffron growing and trading center .
They are one of the two groups of gods , the other being the Vanir .
Jim Charade left the organization in 1966 and briefly returned in 1970 and 1993 through 1996 .
The agreement has been amended several times , most recently in 2003 , which was made in the name of the Co-operative Party rather than the Co-operative Union .
Tabs ( including their state ) can be transferred seamlessly between window containers by dragging .
The small habitation on Little Diomede Island is centered to the west side of the island at the village of Diomede .
El Escorial is a historical residence of the king of Spain , in the town of San Lorenzo de El Escorial , about 45 kilometres ( 28 miles ) northwest of the capital , Madrid , in Spain .
Three films that followed were less popular : There 's Always Vanilla ( 1971 ) , Jack 's Wife \/O/ Season of the Witch ( 1972 ) and The Crazies ( 1973 ) were not as well received as Night of the Living Dead or some of his later work .
Subsequent generations of Swedish Americans received education in English and spoke it as their first language .
The Asuka period is also distinguished by the change in the name of the country from to .
The Fray is the second full-length studio album from piano rock band The Fray .
When Tropical Depression One formed on May 28 , it marked the third time since 1851 , when reliable records in the Atlantic basin began , that a pre-season cyclone developed in three consecutive years , following Subtropical Storm Andrea which formed in May of 2007 and Tropical Storm Arthur in May of 2008 .
Mars received a patent for his own process on March 3 , 1941 .
However , while ground nutrients are essential to a tree 's growth the majority of its biomass comes from carbon dioxide absorbed from the atmosphere ( see photosynthesis ) .
It is the principal city of the Pascagoula , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , as a part of the Gulfport Biloxi Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
Hardcover books are also marginally more expensive to manufacture and usually much more to purchase .
Charsadda is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan that contains the town of Charsadda .
In 1979 Iran 's Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was overthrown by the Islamic Revolution , thus giving way to an Islamic republic led by the Ayatollah Khomeini .
Raceland is a city in Greenup County , Kentucky , in the Ohio River valley .
The station opened on 20 December 2005 along with the exhibition center .
Eminem quickly gained popularity in 1999 with his major-label debut album , The Slim Shady LP , which won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album .
Eighth edition .
It was produced by Waheed himself and directed by his close friend Iqbal Yousuf .
The Mercedes-Benz E-Class was Motor Trends Import Car of the Year for 1996 .
Allentown was formally incorporated as a city on March 12 , 1867 .
At dawn on September 17 , Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker 's corps mounted a powerful assault on Lee 's left flank .
He is the father of musicians Rufus Wainwright , Martha Wainwright and Lucy Wainwright Roche , brother of Sloan Wainwright , and the former husband of the late folk singer Kate McGarrigle .
In February 2006 , Poland refused to grant visas to Iranian researchers who were planning to visit Auschwitz .
The Congress of Vienna soon set out to restore Europe to pre-French Revolution days .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes for people with notable achievements .
Thus , the queen will usually be the mother of all of the first males laid .
He is usually credited with the discovery of oxygen , having isolated it in its gaseous state , although Carl Wilhelm Scheele and Antoine Lavoisier also have a claim to the discovery .
But it can never find the exact same position again , because it would need to be very much exact - a very small change in starting position that can not even be seen , and the pendulum swing would quickly be different from what it was before .
The American Ornithologists ' Union has treated Poecile as a distinct genus for some time .
The underlying force driving these reactions is the Gibbs free energy of the reactants and products .
This meant the monastery would be essentially independent , since the pope 's authority was largely theoretical at any significant distance .
He came to London as a pupil of Arthur O'Leary and Ernst Pauer in 1862 , and in 1870 won a scholarship to Queens ' College , Cambridge .
The media call this Seward 's Folly .
The ranch 's name was changed at this time to the '' Philmont Scout Ranch and Explorer Base '' .
Although the term is often used to refer to any puppet that resembles the distinctive style of The Muppet Show , the term is both an informal name and legal trademark linked to the characters created by Henson .
For instance an American football field is 100 yards long .
After working for the KGB , Theremin worked at the Moscow Conservatory of Music for 10 years where he taught and built theremins , electronic cellos and some terpsitones ( another invention of Theremin ) .
On 14 February 1613 , she married Frederick V , then Elector of the Palatinate in Germany , and took up her place in the court at Heidelberg .
A July 1 , 2008 estimate placed the population at 234,625 .
Systems science is an interdisciplinary field of science that studies the nature of complex systems in nature , society , and science .
Together they express Advaita or non-duality .
UTC +08 is an identifier for a time offset from UTC of +08 .
After briefly working for Jeffrey Archer , then a Member of Parliament ( MP ) , while studying for his bar exams , Mellor became a barrister in 1972 and a Queens Counsel in 1987 . He is currently not practising .
He is best known for portraying the character James Bond , starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983 ( six '' official '' EON productions films and the non-official Kevin McClory-helmed Thunderball remake , Never Say Never Again . )
There were no major hurricanes ; the next time this happened would be the 2003 season .
The energy generation of the Sun is based upon thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
In addition to Edinburgh , meetings were held in Perth , Stirling , St Andrews , Dundee , Linlithgow , Dunfermline , Glasgow , Aberdeen , Inverness and Berwick-upon-Tweed .
It is monotypic within the genus Glirulus .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 2.5 square miles ( 6.6 km ) , of which , 2.5 square miles ( 6.4 km ) of it is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.2 km ) of it ( 2.77 % ) is water .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1661 and 1683 .
Martillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
They had three hits that year with '' Runaway Boys '' , '' Rock This Town '' , and '' Stray Cat Strut '' .
The first evidence of polyphony with more than one singer per part comes in the Old Hall Manuscript ( 1420 , though containing music from the late 14th century ) , in which there are apparent divisi , one part dividing into two simultaneously sounding notes .
Driven by the popularity of private pleasure boats , these anchors are usually designed for small to medium sized vessels , and are usually not appropriate for large ships .
In the end , strength outweighed loyalty as Ruth-Marie was voted out 4-2 .
The album includes Girls Aloud 's first twelve singles from their three studio albums , two brand new singles ( '' Something Kinda Ooooh '' and '' I Think We 're Alone Now '' ) , and an additional new track entitled '' Money '' .
Gerlafingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
He is married to JoAnn Portalupi with whom he has collaborated on several professional educator books .
The song reached Number 5 in the UK Top 40 Singles Chart on 13 May 2007 after having been available for download for two months prior .
Moshi Moshi Records is a small London-based independent record label that has released music by bands such as The Rakes , Bloc Party , Hot Chip , Late of the Pier , Hot Club De Paris , Kate Nash , Junkboy , Architecture in Helsinki , Tilly and the Wall , Slow Club , Yeti , and Au Revoir Simone .
In contrast to Estonia 's political and financial capital Tallinn , Tartu is often considered the intellectual and cultural hub , especially since it is home to Estonia 's oldest and most renowned university .
Agrippina the Elder is exiled to the island of Pandataria , and her sons ( except Caligula ) are imprisoned by Lucius Aelius Sejanus .
Like caraway , its fernlike leaves are aromatic , and are used to flavor many foods , such as gravlax ( cured salmon ) , borscht and other soups , and pickles ( where the dill flower is sometimes used ) .
This template 's usage is simple , after a passage of text in a given article that appears to be original research one simply tacks on to specify that particular passage as likely being of questionable origin .
Included in '' The New Negro '' ( 1925 ) , The Weary Blues , Langston Hughes Reader , and Selected Poems .
It involves a diverse range of issues including but not limited to : globalization , state sovereignty , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , terrorism , organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism and human rights .
Issei Takayanagi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
Adrastea is the smallest and second closest member of the inner Jovian satellite family .
With increased pressure over time the platey clay minerals may become aligned , with the appearance of fissility or parallel layering .
The Cluniac Reforms ( also called Clunian Reforms ) were a series of changes within medieval monasticism focussed on restoring the traditional monastic life , encouraging art , and caring for the poor .
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
His life is well documented in the beautifully written biography by his wife Valerie , '' The Disciple and His Devil , '' published by McGraw-Hill in 1970 and republished by iUniverse in 2004 .
Lilian Jackson Braun ( born 1913 ) is an American writer , well-known for her light-hearted series of '' The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .
The regional preliminaries are followed by a weekly broadcast knockout competition held in Changsha , Hunan province .
He currently plays for Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
He is eventually killed when Austin drowns him in a Las Vegas casino bathroom toilet .
It is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic center .
In comparison , two objects in the F ring 's vicinity ( and ) that were first seen several months earlier have not been recovered with any confidence .
The following names were used on named storms that formed in the North Atlantic during 2010 .
Bus routes 25 , 69 , 86 , 104 , 108 , 158 , 238 , 241 , 257 , 262 , 276 , 308 , 425 , 473 , 678 , D8 , N8 and N86 serve the station .
To the east of Hertfordshire is Essex , to the west is Buckinghamshire and to the north are Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire .
Madonna Louise Ciccone was born in Bay City , Michigan on August 16 , 1958 .
As NICU care has improved over the last 40 years , viability has reduced to approximately 24 weeks , -- in particular see TABLE 1 Survival and Neurologic Disability Rates Among Extremely Premature Infants although rare survivors have been documented as early as 21 weeks .
Futurism was an artistic and social movement that originated in Italy in the early 20th century .
Ambérieu - en-Bugey
The national flag of Japan is a white flag with a large red disc ( representing the rising sun ) in the center .
A record-breaking attendance for the Reliant Astrodome of 67,925 resulted in gross receipts of $ 3.5 million .
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 , though this designation was largely ignored by supporters .
External links International Federation of Music Journalists - an international group of media professionals who treat any aspect of music on any media .
Note : The spectrum colors can only be approximated on a computer screen but the colors shown below are a close approximation of the spectral colors red and violet , shown compared to the non-spectral color red-violet ( a deep shade of the color rose ) .
Her extraordinary influence on fashion was such that she was the only person in the couturier field to be named on Time 100 : The Most Important People of the Century .
In this way , many millions of kilograms of sodium dichromate are produced annually . In terms of reactivity and appearance , sodium dichromate and potassium dichromate are very similar .
Lantosque is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Shenzhen 's novel and modern cityscape is the result of the vibrant economy made possible by rapid foreign investment since the late 1970s , when it was a small fishing village .
Lauper has released 11 albums and over 40 singles , and as of 2008 had sold more than 25 million albums worldwide .
Ihe address specified by progam is translated by memory control cicuitry into such a address which can be accessed in physical memory , this is called virtual or logical address .
The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team competing in the West Division of Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
He also has published several books on the Armenian Genocide , such as George Jerjian 's The Truth Will Set Us Free : Armenians and Turks Reconciled and Professor Dora Sakayan 's An Armenian Doctor in Turkey : Garabed Hatcherian : My Smyrna Ordeal of 1922 -- which brought new criminal charges in 2005 .
Piers can range in size and complexity from a simple lightweight wooden structure to major structures extended over a mile out to sea .
Undated The Sikh Holy Scripture Guru Granth Sahib is compiled and edited by Guru Arjan .
Saint-Seurin-sur-l ` Isle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
There may have been as many as 45,000 Comanches in the late 18th century .
The Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) is a trade union in the United Kingdom for wholetime Firefighters ( including Officers up to Chief Fire Officer\/Firemaster ) , Retained Duty System ( RDS -- part time ) and Emergency Control Room staff .
He came within a few credit hours of graduation before he decided to drop out and pursue a career writing screenplays under the pseudonyms Q. Moonblood and J.J. Deadlock while at the same time taking bit parts in movies .
Alvin Journeyman ( 1995 ) is an alternate history\/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
He is most known for his work as music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Vienna State Opera .
Hansen states that we immediately need to '' reduce atmospheric carbon dioxide to at most 350 ppm in order to avoid disasters for coming generations '' , giving name to the organization 350 .
The fortified town was built in 1222 by Raimon VII , the Count of Toulouse , a Cathar heretic , and is now a popular tourist spot .
Most of the territories are directly administered by the Commonwealth government , while three ( the Northern Territory , the Australian Capital Territory and Norfolk Island ) administer themselves .
The natural minor scale is the sixth mode ( or Aeolian mode ) of the major scale .
Bridgestone Corporation is a multinational rubber conglomerate founded in 1931 by Shojiro Ishibashi in the city of Kurume , Fukuoka , Japan .
It was founded in 1004 by the emperor Henry II , finished in 1012 and consecrated on May 6 , 1012 .
Critics of smoking organized the first anti-tobacco group in the country named the Deutscher Tabakgegnerverein zum Schutze der Nichtraucher ( German Tobacco Opponents ' Association for the Protection of Non-smokers ) .
He was the second son of Emperor Kimmei by his consort Iwahime , a daughter of Emperor Senka .
The Pharaoh as Horus in life became the Pharaoh as Osiris in death , where he was united with the rest of the gods . New incarnations of Horus succeeded the deceased pharaoh on earth in the form of new pharaohs .
Ploisy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
They traveled to Japan soon after , combining a honeymoon with a business trip previously arranged by DiMaggio .
Annales des empereurs du Japon , pp .
Ruben Sevak ( February 15 , 1885 - August 26 , 1915 ) was an Armenian poet , prose-writer , and doctor .
University of Nebraska - 1907-1919 , 1921-1928
U.S. President George Washington exercises his authority to veto a bill , the first time this power is used in the United States .
Antonio de Torres Jurado ( 13 June 1817 - 19 November 1892 ) was a Spanish guitarist and luthier .
Danny Phantom is an American animated television series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon , produced by Billionfold Studios .
The district of Leventina is one of the eight districts of the largely Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 1972 he was also a state yo-yo champion .
He discovered the Bogan River and then , early in 1829 , the upper Darling , which he named after the Governor .
This period spanned the years from August 1303 through December 1306 .
Costume may also refer to the artistic arrangement of accessories in a picture , statue , poem , or play , appropriate to the time , place , or other circumstances represented or described , or to a particular style of clothing worn to portray the wearer as a character or type of character other than their regular persona at a social event such as a masquerade , a fancy dress party or in an artistic theatrical performance .
A page or page boy is a traditionally young male servant .
Since it was against Greek tradition to open the body , Hippocrates only described and made drawings of outwardly visible tumors on the skin , nose , and breasts .
The villages Aalten , Dinxperlo and Winterswijk included the Fiefdom of Bredevoort when it became a part of Aalten in 1818 .
This is a list of the reptiles native to Australia .
The official currency of Saint Martin is the euro , though the US dollar is also widely accepted .
The event was created in 2001 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 9 , 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego , California , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
In May 1997 , Stallone married Jennifer Flavin , with whom he shares three daughters : Sophia Rose ( b. 27 August 1996 ) , Sistine Rose ( b. 27 June 1998 ) , and Scarlet Rose ( b. 25 May 2002 ) .
We see the novels praised for their elegance of form and their surface ` finish ' ; for the realism of their fictional world , the variety and vitality of their characters ; for their pervasive humor ; and for their gentle and undogmatic morality and its unsermonising delivery .
In 1871 Henry Campbell became Henry Campbell-Bannerman , the addition of the surname Bannerman being a requirement of the will of his uncle , Henry Bannerman , from whom he inherited the estate of Hunton Court in Kent .
Norman Davies , Rising ' 44 : The Battle for Warsaw - Viking Penguin 2004 , pages 253-254 On the night of 17 January 1945 , the Germans fled the city , and the students reclaimed the ruined seminary .
Saline County , Kansas ' standard abbreviation
After appearing with Joe E. Brown in Alibi Ike and James Cagney in The Irish in Us , she played opposite Errol Flynn in such highly popular films as Captain Blood , The Charge of the Light Brigade (/O1936/O) , and as Maid Marian to Flynn 's Robin Hood in The Adventures of Robin Hood (/O1938/O) .
Caesium or cesium ( ) is the chemical element with the symbol Cs and atomic number 55 .
Responding to the drivers ' feedback , FIA race director and safety delegate Charlie Whiting ordered the high kerbs at Singapore 's turn 10 hairpin be modified ahead of Friday 's free practice .
O Tsing Hua , fair Tsing Hua , our College pure , We are loyal , We 're faithful , we stand for you .
It was the band 's twelfth studio album and their first to be recorded digitally , and is based on the soundtrack to the film Highlander , the first in a series directed by Russell Mulcahy .
Andris Piebalgs first served as the Ambassador of Latvia in Estonia ( 1995 - 1997 ) , where he helped to solve the sea border issue between the two states . In 1997 he became the Latvian Ambassador to the EU .
Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman was a Pakistani politician and an important Muslim figure during British India , as a leader of the All India Muslim League in the United Provinces ( now Uttar Pradesh ) .
A utility pole , alternately referred to as a power pole , telephone pole , telegraph pole or telegraph post , is a ( usually wooden ) pole used to support overhead wire , cable , fiber optic cable , and related equipment such as transformers and street lights .
The Wrath of Khan is generally considered one of the best films of the Star Trek series and is credited with creating renewed interest in the franchise .
As the Cold War and the Space Race took hold , UM became a major recipient of government grants for strategic research and helped to develop peacetime uses for nuclear energy .
Commenchon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The University of Oxford is the oldest university in the English-speaking world .
Sagawa Shiga Football Club , formerly Sagawa Express Soccer Club , is an amateur Japanese association football club based in Moriyama , Shiga .
Coco dated some of the most influential men of her time , but she never married .
Leopold I , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1658 & ndash ; 1705 ) .
The whole area was proclaimed the Caulfield Road District in 1857 .
Anne of Cleves ( 22 September 1515 - 16 July 1557 ) was a German noblewoman and the fourth wife of Henry VIII of England and as such she was Queen of England from 6 January 1540 to 9 July 1540 .
According to Vitruvius , a votive crown for a temple had been made for King Hiero II , who had supplied the pure gold to be used , and Archimedes was asked to determine whether some silver had been substituted by the dishonest goldsmith .
These people traded fur and food and sometimes warred with each other .
high .
'' Let 's Have A Drink On It ''
Saint-L éger - Dubosq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Many conductors have cooperated with Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester , such as Claudio Abbado , Mariss Jansons , Pierre Boulez and Bernard Haitink .
The Lord 's Prayer :
The Census Bureau is mandated with fulfilling these obligations : the collecting of statistics about the nation , its people , and economy .
After the fall of the Republic of Venice in 1797 to the Napoleon Armies , the Dalmatia was incorporated briefly ( 1805 - 1809 ) in the '' Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy '' .
The bullnose plane has a very short leading edge to its body , and so can be used in tight spaces ; most commonly of the shoulder and rabbet variety .
Urie brawls with the chief , but is apprehended .
Albert Woody Austin II ( born January 27 , 1964 ) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour .
K.A. Nilakanta Sastri , A History of South India , p 158 During the period 1010 & ndash ; 1200 , the Chola territories stretched from the islands of the Maldives in the south to as far north as the banks of the Godavari River in Andhra Pradesh .
As implied by the game 's title , the game features a 1980s theme , consisting of songs from the decade and playable characters , fashions , and artwork that reflect the time period .
He is married to actress Demi Moore .
Charlotte ( Julia Roberts ) , a spider , lives in the space above Wilbur 's sty in the Zuckermans ' barn ; she befriends Wilbur and decides to help prevent him from being eaten .
Methods for dealing with them tend to fall into one of two categories - either make the ceramic in the desired shape , by reaction in situ , or by '' forming '' powders into the desired shape , and then sintering to form a solid body .
Egypt had a highly developed view of the afterlife with elaborate rituals for preparing the body and soul for an eternal life after death .
The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is a 2008 American adventure film that follows The Mummy and The Mummy Returns .
Yasumasa Nishino is a Japanese football .
They are scheduled to be held from August 5 to 21 , 2016 .
The Nilotic Kavirondo in their turn had their wanderings arrested by an irruption of Elgumi people ( themselves probably of Nilotic origin ) from the east .
Meanwhile , the Payyan dynasty started administrating the Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the administration of the followers of Ayya .
Turin used to be a major European political center , being Italy 's first capital city in 1861 and being home to the House of Savoy , Italy 's royal family .
The Medici family becomes powerful in Florence .
He married Infanta Maria Antonietta of Spain ( 1729 - 1785 ) , youngest daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese . They were married on 31 May 1750 at Oulx and later had twelve children .
Following the title 's introduction in 1975 , Harley Race became the inaugural champion on January 1 .
Flame is burning gas or vapor , the visible part of fire .
Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Coldplay , released on 11 June 2008 on Parlophone .
In colloquial American English , the word '' bandage '' is often used to mean a dressing , which is used directly on a wound , whereas a bandage is technically only used to support a dressing , and not directly on a wound .
The Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu .
The Tamil film industry , commonly dubbed Kollywood , is the second-largest film industry in India .
The monarch appointed a Governor-General , upon the advice of the Prime Minister of Pakistan to represent the monarch in Pakistan and carry out the day-to-day duties of the monarch .
Juris Doctor ( see etymology and abbreviations below ) is a professional doctorate and first professional graduate degree in law . The degree was first awarded by Harvard University in the United States in the late 19th century and was created as a modern version of the old European doctor of law degree ( such as the Dottore in Giurisprudenza in Italy and the Juris Utriusque Doctor in Germany and Central Europe ) .
The canal today forms the main water flow of the Shoalhaven River .
By tradition no Nizam has ever left India no matter how good a reason might exist for doing so , as it was said , '' the Sovereign is too precious to his people ever to leave India . '' .
Some species of bush crickets are consumed by people , like the nsenene ( Ruspolia baileyi ) in Uganda and neighbouring areas .
The river is nicknamed '' Big Muddy '' and also '' Dark River '' because of the high silt content .
( see release history )
Composers such as Gustav Mahler and Jean Sibelius were pushing the bounds of Post-Romantic Symphonic writing .
There are many causes of infectious diarrhea , which include viruses , bacteria and parasites .
The International Finance Centre ( abbr .
Alguersuari is the first driver to be born in the 1990s to compete in Formula One .
A major earthquake in 1950 badly destroyed the Dominican Priory and Church of Santo Domingo , which were built on top of the impressive Coricancha ( Temple of the Sun ) .
The song was composed by Bankimchandra Chatterjee in a mixture of Bengali and Sanskrit .
The City of Edmonton is the seat of the provincial government- the capital of Alberta .
It was merged into the province of West Pakistan on 14 October 1955 .
In some reactor types , the fuel assemblies in the core can melt due to the result of heat not being removed from the core .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union , the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital , with a much higher standard of living than in most rural areas of the country .
'' Marijuana and the Cannabinoids '' , ElSohly ( p. 8 ) Cannabis has long been used for fiber ( hemp ) , for medicinal purposes , and as a recreational drug .
Most of those killed were members of the Sturmabteilung ( SA ) , the paramilitary Brownshirts .
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
Fed Cup is the premier team competition in women 's tennis , launched in 1963 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) .
Acronyms , keyboard symbols and shortened words are often used as methods of abbreviation in Internet slang .
Private English Medium School are also located here - these account for the high literacy rate .
He was later designated an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2005 '' for services to film and the theatre '' .
Wimbledon moved in September 2003 , and became Milton Keynes Dons in June 2004 .
In Greek mythology , Charybdis or Kharybdis ( ; in Greek , ) was a sea monster , once a beautiful naiad and the daughter of Poseidon and Gaia .
However , ` build up ' storms are impressive and lightning strikes are frequent .
Tunnel washes , which use a conveyor to move the vehicle through a series of fixed cleaning mechanisms .
If an NFL game is tied after four quarters , the teams play an additional period lasting up to 15 minutes .
It was released on January 14 , 2003 .
In recent times , the Valley has been gaining in reputation as a unique wine region for sangiovese , nebbiolo and barbera to name but a few .
Most of the approximately 6,000 Roma fled to Serbia , or were relocated to one of two resettlement camps , Chesmin Lug , or Osterrode , in North Kosovska Mitrovica .
By the early 19th century , '' natural philosophy '' ( which eventually evolved into what is today called '' natural science '' ) had begun to separate from '' philosophy '' in general .
July 31 & ndash ; Philip III , Duke of Burgundy ( d. 1467 )
The euglena 's eyespot , called a stigma , is located at its anterior end .
'' Archaeologists dig into Greenham peace camp '' in The Guardian It is of most importance for learning about prehistoric societies , when there are no written records for historians to study , and which makes up over 99 % of total human history , from the Palaeolithic until the advent of literacy .
Global warming , a recent warming of the Earth 's surface and lower atmosphere , Merged land air and sea surface temperature data set is believed to be the result of a strengthening of the greenhouse effect mostly due to human-produced increases in atmospheric greenhouse gases .
Eventually , Odawara Castle was destroyed by Meiji government .
In addition , in excess of one million Irish emigrated to Great Britain , United States , Canada , Australia , and elsewhere , while millions emigrated over following decades .
This simple design gave very nice smooth linear control and was highly reliable .
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
India 's acid victims demand justice , BBC News , 9 April 2008 There had been 68 acid attacks in the state of Karnataka since 1999 .
Events of 1687 January -- June 19 March -- The men under explorer Robert Cavelier de La Salle murder him while searching for the mouth of the Mississippi River .
The capital city , Firozpur , is believed to have been founded by Firuz Shah Tughluq from which the district obtains its name .
The magazine began publication in 1985 in the United Kingdom under the name For Him and changed its title to FHM in 1994 when Emap Consumer Media bought the magazine , although the full For Him Magazine continues to be printed on the spine of each issue .
The side play its home games at the Galpharm Stadium , a ground shared with rugby league side Huddersfield Giants .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
John Caldwell Calhoun ( March 18 , 1782 -- March 31 , 1850 ) was the 7th Vice President of the United States and a leading Southern politician from South Carolina during the first half of the 19th century .
Tagore 's last travels abroad , including visits to Persia and Iraq ( in 1932 ) and Ceylon in 1933 , only sharpened his opinions regarding human divisions and nationalism .
Printed during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377 , it is the world 's oldest extant movable metal print book .
He tried out acting once more at the UEA but was not , at this point , seriously interested in it .
Mazinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Therefore the series LC circuit , when connected in series with a load , will act as a band-pass filter having zero impedance at the resonant frequency of the LC circuit .
Bill Kobrin , then Fox 's east coast correspondent , told the Palm Springs Desert Sun in 1956 that it was Billy Wilder 's idea to turn the shoot into a media circus , and that the couple had a '' yelling battle '' in the theater lobby .
Joule 's first law , also known as the Joule effect , is a physical law expressing the relationship between the heat generated by the current flowing through a conductor .
The current Coptic Catholic Patriarch of Alexandria is Archbishop Antonios Naguib , who replaced Stephanos II Ghattas in 2005 .
Alfred Denis Cortot ( 26 September 1877 15 June 1962 ) was a Franco-Swiss pianist and conductor .
In the 19th century the agnostic Robert G. Ingersoll wrote '' ... that all the ignorant , infamous , heartless , hideous things recorded in the ` inspired ' Pentateuch are not the words of God , but simply ` Some Mistakes of Moses ' '' .
Following its purchase of Minardi , Red Bull Racing announced the creation of Scuderia Toro Rosso with Speed and Vitantonio Liuzzi as its drivers in 2006 season .
Over 72 % of land is flat , with an additional 17 % undulating to hilly .
This followed the model of community-oriented releases by Red Hat and Novell in the form of Fedora and openSUSE .
July 10 & ndash ; Emperor Go-Hanazono of Japan ( d. 1471 )
There are two subspecies of the Western Grey : Macropus fuliginosus fuliginosus of Kangaroo Island , and Macropus fuliginosus melanops , which has a range of different forms that intergrade clinally from west to east .
Pippa Passes is a city in Knott County , Kentucky , United States .
In mathematics , the four color theorem , or the four color map theorem states that , given any separation of a plane into contiguous regions , producing a figure called a map , no more than four colors are required to color the regions of the map so that no two adjacent regions have the same color .
Linda became Lady McCartney when her husband was knighted in 1997 .
Basilica Saint Margaretha , formerly St. Hippolytus , Roman Catholic church , Romano-Gothic abbey church , sanctified in 1236 in the place of a church of the Staufens .
Max works as a taxi driver , while Jude pursues work as a freelance artist .
Bhakkar Tahsil - Imperial Gazetteer of India , v. 8 , p. 43 Its area consists of riverine tract along the Indus called Kacha and the Thal historically called Chol-e-Jalali .
One of them is by Joseph Martin Kraus , but he appears to have found the key difficult since he later rewrote it in C minor .
The game ends when all cards have been used , and all books have been obtained .
Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1967 in San Francisco , California .
Maia Chiburdanidze ( ; born January 17 , 1961 ) is a Georgian chess grandmaster , and the seventh ( and then youngest ) Women 's World Chess Champion .
While these spam links can be removed , they are a significant nuisance .
Titan was discovered on March 25 , 1655 , by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens .
The best known mouse species is the common house mouse ( Mus musculus ) .
Azad University has over 400 branches across the country and also in other countries such as the U.A.E. and the U.K. .
La Graverie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
His control of the sport , which grew from his pioneering the sale of television rights in the late 1970s , is chiefly financial , but under the terms of the Concorde Agreement he and his companies also manage the administration , setup and logistics of each Formula One Grand Prix .
BIU Independent Courses The International Association for Continuing Education and Training ( IACET ) lists BIU as an authorized provider of continuing education and training .
Dern has acted in such films as Smooth Talk (/O1985/O) , Blue Velvet (/O1986/O) , Fat Man and Little Boy (/O1988/O) , Wild at Heart (/O1990/O) , Jurassic Park ( 1993 plus Jurassic Park 3 ) and October Sky (/O1999/O) .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of WWF Raw on March 25 , 2002 , and became official the next day .
Tagore worked hard to fundraise for and staff the school , even contributing all of his Nobel Prize monies .
The cerise color name comes from the French word meaning cherry .
Dahir was killed in the battle at Pawar .
The only other significant storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena , which passed just to the south of Hawaii , the first storm to directly threaten Hawaii for several years .
Singin ' in the Rain is a 1952 American comedy musical film starring Gene Kelly , Debbie Reynolds , Donald O'Connor and Jean Hagen and directed by Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen , with Kelly also providing the choreography .
I tik f ( ) , also transliterated as Etikaf or E ` tikaf or E ` tekaf , is a particularly commended pious Islamic practice consisting of a period of retreat in a mosque , for a certain number of days in accordance with the believer 's own wish .
Ron Hextall ( born May 3 , 1964 in Brandon , Manitoba ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League .
He was one of the most widely known puppeteers in historyHowStuffWorks.com and was the creator of The Muppets .
Harrah is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
Newton 's method can often converge remarkably quickly , especially if the iteration begins '' sufficiently near '' the desired root .
Additionally , the extratropical remnants contributed to rainfall on Nova Scotia which caused some street and basement flooding .
Vitamins and minerals are found in much of the seafood and vegetables used for sushi .
The Rump Parliament is the name of the English Parliament after Colonel Pride purged the Long Parliament on 6 December 1648 of those members hostile to the Grandees ' intention to try King Charles I for high treason .
Kala Dhaka historically known as the Black Mountain of Hazara is a mountain range and a tribal area of Mansehra District on the north-western Hazara border of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Saumos is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Following the fall of Nazi Germany , Soviet troops occupied all of the country and through their influence Hungary gradually became a communist satellite state of the Soviet Union .
It is situated 90 km from Multan , 420 km from Lahore , and 270 km from Faisalabad .
This was copied from the way American and European universities work .
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin ( ; born October 21 , 1929 ) is an American author .
How Now , Dow Jones -- Book by Max Shulman , music by Elmer Bernstein , lyrics by Carolyn Leigh .
The series developed following the success of 1995 theatrical film The American President , for which Aaron Sorkin wrote the screenplay , and in which Martin Sheen played the White House Chief of Staff .
Roger Milla ( born Albert Roger Mooh Miller , May 20 , 1952 ) is a Cameroonian former football forward .
Then they apply force and pick up speed by completing one to four turns in the circle .
Islisberg is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Machine translation , sometimes referred to by the abbreviation MT , is a sub-field of computational linguistics that investigates the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another .
Guest Star Patti LaBelle May 16 , 1994 Season 2 ( 1994-1995 ) 26 Episodes Episode Number Title Original Airdate 23 Fran-Lite The children are heading back to school , but Brighton refuses to go back because he feels he 's '' small '' in middle school .
Homer finds out that the retreat will be held near a lake and packs his fishing equipment , despite Marge telling him that all they will be doing is resolving their differences .
Often they are ordinary New Latin words , but they may also come from Ancient Greek , from a place , from a person ( often a naturalist ) , a name from the local language etc. .
The following year , she received authorisation to become a teacher in Noumea for the children of the deported - among them many Kabyles ( Kabyles du Pacifique ) from Cheikh Mokrani 's rebellion ( 1871 ) - and later in schools for girls .
The total population as of the 2000 census was 3,696 persons , with almost 85 percent living in its only city of Avalon ( pop .
It has an area of 1,171,918 square kilometers .
Afrotheria is a clade of mammals of rank cohort or magnorder ( although it is ranked super-order in traditional Linnaean taxonomy ) , containing ( among others ) the golden moles , elephant shrews , tenrecs , aardvarks , hyraxes , elephants and manatees .
With a population of 138,241 people ( 2001 census ) and an estimated population of 162,300 in 2009 ( according to the National Statistics Office ) Telford is projected to have a population growth of over 200,000 in the next 15 years , Telford is by far the largest town in Shropshire , and one of the fastest growing towns in the United Kingdom .
Initially , he had moved from his native country Korea to Japan to become a sumo wrestler .
A land grant is a gift of real estate -- land or its privileges -- made by a government or other authority as a reward for services to an individual , especially in return for military service .
Burke County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
He also was an owner of race tracks and of the Montreal Alouettes football team in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League .
In 1984 , the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone .
Nigella Lucy Lawson ( born 6 January 1960 ) is an English food writer , journalist and broadcaster .
The tropical cyclone peak intensity was 919 mbar ( hPa ) and 160 m.
She was arrested in October 1970 with Brigitte Asdonk when she walked into an apartment in which police were hiding .
Neither are all extremophiles unicellular ; protostome animals found in similar environments include the Pompeii worm , the psychrophilic Grylloblattodea ( insects ) , Antarctic krill ( a crustacean ) , and the '' water bear '' .
WrestleMania XXIV was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) that took place on March 30 , 2008 , at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando , Florida .
The closing theme to the 1972 version was also written by Kalehoff .
One of the more well-known ventures was the Kimberley Plan , to secure land in Australia .
Blake , Les (/O1977/O) Place Names of Victoria , p. 147 .
Article 5 of the Rome Statute .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of a group of closely-knit teenagers , the show also addressed numerous topical issues including date rape , alcoholism , domestic violence , gay rights , anti-Semitism , gay parenting , drug abuse , teenage suicide , AIDS , teenage pregnancy , bulimia and abortion .
They were parents of three children : Lady Margaret Clifford ( 1540 - September 28 , 1596 ) .
Traditionally , these were DC series-wound motors , usually running on approximately 600 volts .
Two lines in a plane that do not intersect or meet are called parallel lines .
Subcategories have the form '' Bazian-language surnames '' .
The first recorded use of rose taupe as a color name in English was in 1924 .
Work began on The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion shortly after the release of Morrowind in 2002 .
Interstate 79 ( abbreviated I-79 ) is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States , designated from Interstate 77 in Charleston , West Virginia to Pennsylvania Route 5 and Pennsylvania Route 290 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Alessandro Birindelli ( born 12 November 1974 ) is an Italian former footballer .
He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham , receiving the Bachelor of Music in 1894 , and the Doctor of Music in 1901 .
; Shawn Crahan ( # 6 ) Active : 1995 - present Instruments : custom percussion , backing vocals Release contributions : all Slipknot releases Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was initially the only drummer for a short period of time .
Various writers and copyists conflated her with , or named her as Nimue , Viviane , Viviana , Vivienne , Elaine , Ninianne , Nivian , Nyneve , Nimueh , Myish and other variations . Other versions of the legends make Nimue , Viviane , etc. , into separate characters .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
The President is elected every five years by the Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) , a special body convened only for this purpose , comprising the entire Bundestag and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state diets .
Currently , the Cape Verde 's economy is mostly service-oriented with a growing focus on tourism and foreign investment , which benefits from the islands ' warm climate throughout the year , diverse landscape , welcoming people and cultural richness , especially in music .
To stimulate the German colonization of southern Brazil , the Brazilian government created many German colonies : these were ethnically Germanic areas where people from many parts of Germany settled .
Saulchoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jose continued to strengthen as it moved towards the coast and made landfall in the state of Veracruz early on August 23 with winds reaching a peak of 60 mph ( 90 km\/h ) .
The campaign was renamed City of Culture to further German-Polish relations and to attract tourists from all over the world .
In many places , the anime episodes are very similar to the corresponding manga chapters .
Kyle MacDonald took one red paperclip and progressively traded it into a house .
Although the resort was initially dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service , the completion of Virginia Beach Boulevard in 1922 , which extended from Norfolk to the oceanfront , opened the way for automobiles , buses , trucks , and passenger rail service , the latter of which was eventually discontinued .
As the Sun rotates once in approximately 27 days , the magnetic field transported by the solar wind gets wrapped into a spiral .
He played in the 1982 FIFA World Cup for Spain .
The Colorado Avalanche are a professional ice hockey team based in Denver , Colorado , United States .
Men In White - The Untold Story of Singapore 's Ruling Political Party , p. 145 .
Manors varied similarly in their geographical arrangement : most did not coincide with a single village , but rather consisted of parts of two or more villages , most of the latter containing also parts of at least one other manor .
Shigeru Yokotani is a Japanese footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka in the J. League Division 1 .
During his time in these promotions , he won various championships in tag team competition .
I. .
After some exploration Phillip decided to go on to Port Jackson , and on 26 January the marines and convicts were landed at Sydney Cove , which Phillip named after Lord Sydney .
In physics , thermal conductivity , , is the property of a material that indicates its ability to conduct heat .
Because an early copy of the album appeared on the New York Times website , Colour It In became available to download exclusively from iTunes on 16 December , before its physical release on 14 May , in an effort to combat the leak .
The goldfields were originally named '' Black Ridge '' , and the name '' Forbes '' celebrating Sir Francis Forbes was declared from Sydney as the result of a possible government administrative error , it is said that the name was meant for the town now known as '' Hill End '' near Mudgee , New South Wales where gold was discovered around a similar time .
The main matches on the undercard featured Triple H versus The Undertaker , the second Tables , Ladders , and Chairs match for the WWF Tag Team Championship , and Vince McMahon versus Shane McMahon in a Street Fight .
Mud can provide a home for numerous types of animals , including varieties of worms , frogs , snails , clams , and crayfish .
Pietro Anastasi ( born April 7 , 1948 ) , nicknamed Petruzzu ' u turcu by fans , was an Italian former footballer , playing in the striker role .
Many of the most well-known fusion artists were members of earlier jazz fusion groups , and some of the fusion '' giants '' of the 1970s kept working in the genre .
Webster 's Third New International Dictionary of the English Language Unabridged .
Our World ; or , The Democrat 's Rule .
Manuel Pereiera ; or , The Sovereign Rule of South Carolina : with Views of Southern Laws , Life , and Hospitality , Washington , 1853 , 12mo .
Tablets were also used for love spells and , when used in this manner they were placed inside the home of the desired target .
On January 1 , 2006 Ittre had a total population of 6,064 .
The Royal Observatory , Greenwich ( formerly the Royal Greenwich Observatory or RGO ) , in London , England played a major role in the history of astronomy and navigation , and is best known as the location of the prime meridian .
The organization and functions of the Imperial Household were defined and regulated in the Taiho Code , which was promulgated in 701-702 AD during the reign of Emperor Monmu .
It is connected with the South China Sea by the Taiwan Strait and with the Sea of Japan by the Korea Strait ; it opens in the north to the Yellow Sea .
She tries to roll a boulder over them but lightning strikes the cliff she is standing on and she falls to her death .
Sizemore graduated from Cascade High School in Everett , Washington , in 2000 .
Le Teich is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It determines the country 's representative for the Eurovision Song Contest , and has been staged almost every year since 1959 .
Cleopatra and Julius Caesar Assassination of Pompey While Cleopatra was in exile , Pompey became embroiled in the Roman civil war .
His potential beatification and canonization is opposed by many Jesuits , who consider Savonarola 's ( secular ) conflict with the papacy to have been an intolerable crime .
Anthrax recorded their debut album , Fistful of Metal , in late 1983 .
This storm was designated Gamma once it was known to have reached tropical storm status .
From 1940 until 1957 , the city was named Molotov ( ) , after Vyacheslav Molotov .
In addition '' County Tipperary '' is actually two administrative counties , called North Tipperary and South Tipperary while the major urban centres Cork , Galway , Limerick , and Waterford have been separated from the town and rural areas of their counties .
The Atlanta Falcons are an American football team based in Atlanta , Georgia .
Aeschi is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Additionally , no complicated precision bombsight is needed for targeting .
They are often used to create separation or merge lanes during road construction projects or automobile accidents , although heavier , more permanent markers or signs are used if the diversion is to stay in place for a long period of time .
Some proportional counters can detect the position and or angle of the incident radiation as well .
Geraldine Estelle '' Geri '' Halliwell ( born 6 August 1972 ) is an English pop singer .
Church members officially regard the Book of Mormon as the '' most correct '' book of scripture , in that '' a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts , than any other book . '' This is , in part , because church members believe the Bible was the result of a multiple-step translation process and the Book of Mormon was not .
Alan White ( born 14 June 1949 ) is an English rock drummer known for his work with the progressive rock band Yes .
It is the usual name for absinthe produced in the Czech Republic and in Germany , and has become associated with Bohemian style absinthes .
The Family Canidae ( canids , commonly known as either dogs or canines ) includes wolves , dogs , foxes and so on .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
The song peaked at number three on Billboards Alternative Songs chart , equalling the peak set by the same album 's first single , Re-Education ( Through Labor ) , and at number three on the Rock Songs chart , .
It is Aberdeenshire 's largest settlement ( the city of Aberdeen itself not being a part of the district ) , with a population of 17,947 at the 2001 CensusScotland 's Census Results Online , 2001 Comparative Population Profile : Peterhead Locality Scotland , accessed 12 October 2009 and estimated to have fallen to 17,330 by 2006 .
The biggest department is Maths and the smallest is Classical Studies .
This effect is called mutual induction .
University of Dublin Robinson is the twenty fourth , and first female , Chancellor of University of Dublin ( i.e. Trinity College ) .
The sperm is transferred from the vas deferens into the urethra , collecting secretions from the male accessory sex glands such as the seminal vesicles , prostate gland and the bulbourethral glands , which form the bulk of semen .
Linear perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle ( the painting ) , to the viewer 's eye .
In his experiments studying the trait for flower color , Mendel observed that the flowers of each pea plant were either purple or white -- but never an intermediate between the two colors .
Calhoun County is the name of several counties in the United States of America , mostly named after Senator John C. Calhoun :
Some units can also suck in leaves and small twigs via a vacuum , and shred them into a bag .
The Kia Soul is a compact car designed at Kia 's design center in California , unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show , manufactured in South Korea and marketed globally beginning with model year 2010 .
Founded by anti-slavery expansion activists in 1854 , it is often called the Grand Old Party or the GOP , despite being the younger of the two major parties .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda is under constant revision , and more and more of the old taxonomy is being abandoned as the results of DNA studies slowly become clearer .
Effects The fires destroyed over 2,200 houses , 3,500 structures in total and damaged thousands more .
It lies close to Biel , at the boundary between French - and German-speaking regions , and at a knot of highways .
Originating from New York , top stars from all genres of entertainment ( music , movies , television , etc. ) made appearances on Wonderama , including :
Kansas City Chiefs ( 1971 -- 1972 )
By May 20 , two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured , while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake .
It also includes the videos for Scatman ( Ski Ba Bop Ba Dop Bop ) and Scatman 's World .
The 7.5 kilometre extension includes 4 new stations and a depot located near the Tuas Checkpoint and is expected to be operational by 2016 .
Some of these early colonies were Norfolk Island , Van Diemen 's Land ( Tasmania ) and New South Wales .
__ NOTOC __
A generally consists of a predefined number of frames and the player who wins the most frames wins the match overall .
Colombia has the third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world after Mexico and the United States .
The work revolves around four central characters : Othello , a Moorish general in the Venetian army ; his wife Desdemona ; his lieutenant , Cassio ; and his trusted ensign Iago .
The Kress chain was known for the fine architecture of the stores , with a number of locations being hailed by architects for their design .
While generally reserved for professional space travelers , the term is sometimes applied to anyone who travels into space , including scientists , politicians , journalists , and tourists .
The tail normally curls tightly over the hip .
Teflon is a trade name of the DuPont company for polytetrafluoroethylene , a non-stick substance .
Roman intervention in Armenia ( 34-37 ) .
Preemptive multitasking or multi-threading In this type of system , a low-level piece of code switches between tasks or threads based on a timer ( connected to an interrupt ) .
He is the youngest member in the group and was discovered at the '' 2005 S.M. Open Weekend Audition Casting '' .
The conjecture taunted mathematicians for over three centuries before Andrew Wiles , a Princeton University research mathematician , finally proved it in 1995 , and now it may properly be called a theorem .
Louis XIV ( 5 September 1638 1 September 1715 ) was King of France and of NavarreSee List of Navarrese monarchs and their family tree .
In later times , however , Quirinus became far less important , losing his place to the later , more widely known Capitoline Triad ( Juno and Minerva took his and Mars ' place ) .
Therefore her father gives it to Fern as a pet , and she names the piglet Wilbur .
She is known as the '' mother of liberation '' , and represents the virtues of success in work and achievements .
Odyssey ( band ) , an American dance band
He is most famous as the creator of the Artemis Fowl series , but he has also achieved success with other books .
Eucalyptus regnans , known variously by the common names Mountain Ash , Victorian Ash , Swamp Gum , Tasmanian Oak or Stringy Gum , is a species of Eucalyptus native to southeastern Australia , in Tasmania and Victoria .
Mametz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
January 30 & ndash ; King Charles I of England , Scotland and Ireland is beheaded .
It refers to a study by John P. Robinson , a sociology professor at the University of Maryland , College Park , showing that the average American at that time spent only 24 minutes per day in reading .
carolinensis , '' from Carolina '' .
The first game of the series was developed by designer and programmer Chris Sawyer , artist Simon Foster and composer Allister Brimble .
As of the 2000 United States Census , the city 's population was 38,577 .
Gellar 's first major break in 1992 , when she starred in the serial Swans Crossing and was subsequently cast in the soap opera All My Children , playing Kendall Hart , the long-lost daughter of character Erica Kane ( Susan Lucci ) .
Following several constitutional conferences , the Constitution Act , 1867 officially proclaimed Canadian Confederation , creating '' one Dominion under the name of Canada '' on July 1 , 1867 , with four provinces : Ontario , Quebec , Nova Scotia , and New Brunswick .
In the northern hemisphere it has been cultivated as far north as western Scotland but does not fruit every year , as winter temperatures below about will kill the flower buds .
This form of projection also avoids the audience interrupting the light stream by casting their shadow on the projection or by bumping into the projector .
Selenium dioxide is the chemical compound with the formula SeO2 .
He stayed in Lund for three years , in between his warlike expeditions . The town of Lund and the university attracted a temporary attention boost .
ING Group , 39\/F
Its species ranged widely , with fossil remains recovered from as far north as Alaska and as far south as Wyoming and even possibly Texas and New Mexico .
George Canning ( 11 April 1770 & ndash ; 8 August 1827 ) was a British statesman and politician who served as Foreign Secretary and briefly Prime Minister .
Celles-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Conuropsis , from '' Conurus '' , an obsolete name of the genus Aratinga ( cf .
East Anglia is a traditional name for a region of eastern England , named after an ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdom , the Kingdom of the East Angles . The Angles took their name from their homeland Angeln , in northern Germany .
His most important publication was Variation and Evolution in Plants , which combined genetics and Darwin 's theory of natural selection to describe plant speciation .
Reaction Wikipedia community Speaking personally about Jordan , Wales said , '' Mr. Ryan was a friend , and still is a friend .
Predators in the wild include birds of prey , skunks , felines , snakes and canines .
The village was mentioned in the Domesday Book , and whilst still a rural settlement is nowadays less of an agricultural community .
A Birdbath can be a garden ornament , small reflecting pool , outdoor sculpture , and part of creating a vital wildlife garden .
Tropical Storm Franklin developed very close to land in the Bahamas and passed near Bermuda , but there were no reports of tropical storm force winds overland , with the strongest gust recorded on Bermuda being 37 mph ( 60 km/h ) .
She was an engraver , an illustrator , a woodcut-artist , and a miniaturist painter .
Peter Grimes is an opera by Benjamin Britten , with a libretto adapted by Montagu Slater from the Peter Grimes section of George Crabbe 's poem The Borough .
The grammar of Singlish has been heavily influenced by other languages and dialects in the region , such as Malay and Chinese , with some structures being identical to ones in Mandarin and other Chinese languages .
Cricket is also a popular sport in Alice Springs and is primarily played at Traeger Park .
It is endemic to China .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2006 estimates the county population to be 561,606 .
The philosophy of science is concerned with the assumptions , foundations , methods and implications of science .
The Onyx River is one of the many sites studied by the United States Antarctic Program of the National Science Foundation .
The band was originally called The Electric Elves , but was shortened to The Elves and finally Elf in mid-1970 .
The College opened to students in 1970 ; its history dates to the immediate aftermath of World War II .
During the Battle of Normandy in World War II , Normandy became the landing site for the invasion and liberation of Western Europe from Nazi Germany .
He left masterpieces of poetic short stories such as '' The Lemon '' , '' Winter Days '' , and '' Under the Cherry Trees '' .
The Senate granted him a triumph for his efforts , as only members of the imperial family were allowed such honors .
Located in Alexandra Gardens near the River Thames , it is assembled in the summer and dismantled in the autumn .
Scientific American Inventions and Discoveries , p. 357 .
See also St. Nicholas the Wonderworker , from the website of the Orthodox Church in America .
Pittsburgh went on to lose the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals to the Detroit Red Wings in six games , finishing the playoffs with a 14-6 record .
To make space for Brimsek , Thompson was traded to the Detroit Red Wings for Normie Smith and $ 15,000 ; Thompson also received a $ 1,000 bonus from Boston .
Each of the leukodystrophies is the result of a defect in the gene that controls the production or metabolism of one ( and only one ) of the component molecules of myelin .
Shortly thereafter , by chance , Bell came across the violin again and discovered it was about to be sold to a German industrialist to become part of a collection .
He faced two major rebellions and was assassinated after a tumultuous rule of only five years .
A celebrity chef is a kitchen chef who has become famous and well known .
The lyrics in the bridge also directly satirize the lyrics of '' My Favorite Things '' .
-- )
Three different drivers could participate in the three practice sessions ; the driver elected for qualifying or for one of the races was required to have taken part in at least one such practice session .
Alexander , Revolutionary Politician , 103 , 136 ; Maier , Old Revolutionaries , 41 -- 42 .
Christchurch ( ) is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand , and the country 's second-largest urban area .
The Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra was formed in 1882 and is Russia 's oldest symphony orchestra .
Eco award in July 2007 The school recently had a new building built in 2005 and was visited by Gordon Brown on November 10 2006 for the official opening .
That year , he served as editor for Our Sports magazine , a periodical focusing on Negro sports issues ; contributions to the magazine included an article on golf course segregation by Robinson 's old friend Joe Louis .
Thus they are distinguished from other garden ornaments such as sculpture .
The Coliseum Theatre , near Trafalgar Square , is one of London 's largest and best-equipped theaters .
It was a performance of Beethoven 's Symphony No. 9 , conducted by Klemperer , who was now honorary president of the orchestra .
One of stratigraphy 's basic concepts is codified in the Law of Superposition , which simply states that , in an undeformed stratigraphic sequence , the oldest strata occur at the base of the sequence .
One such example was constructed in the 9th century by Muslim geographers and cartographers working under the Abbasid caliph , Al-Ma ` mun .
In a 4 - 2 vote , Judd was sent packing , but not before uttering a parting shot to the remaining contestants , quote : '' Bye , guys .
Kharan desert is Pakistan 's second nuclear test site , operated by the PAEC .
Charitable organizations : The Tolstoy Foundation See also Second wave of Russian emigration Third wave of Russian emigration References M.V. Nazarov , The Mission of the Russian Emigration , Moscow : Rodnik , 1994 .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 3 January 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 2 .
The album was recorded over the course of two days in 2006 at Sear Sound Recording Studios in New York .
Satellites were searched for but none were detected .
It is the 33rd largest island in the world and Canada 's eighth largest island .
Juniper , W.H. '' Character Portrayals in Plautus , '' The Classical Journal 31 ( 1936 ) , pp .
It was the start of a new method of writing children 's books and had profound influence on Dutch elementary education in the first half of the twentieth century
About.com - Accessed 1 June 2010 new religious movement based upon the philosophical and spiritual ideas of the Jedi as depicted in Star Wars media .
The Genei era begins in Japan .
Curt Stern ( August 30 , 1902 & ndash ; October 23 , 1981 ) was a German-born American geneticist .
Gone the times when nations battled for this ` Helen of the West ' , gone the days when strife and discord Dimmed her children 's toil and rest .
His small , drum-shaped Taschenuhr , a portable watch which he built during his asylum from 1504 to 1508 , could run for forty hours before it needed rewinding .
An enormous variety of genomic structures can be seen among viral species ; as a group they contain more structural genomic diversity than plants , animals , archaea , or bacteria .
It is located in central Switzerland and its capital is Zug .
It is Aberdeenshire 's largest settlement ( the city of Aberdeen itself not being a part of the district ) , with a population of 17,947 at the 2001 CensusScotland 's Census Results Online , 2001 Comparative Population Profile : Peterhead Locality Scotland , accessed 12 October 2009 and estimated to have fallen to 17,330 by 2006 .
A changing room , locker room , dressing room ( usually in a sports , theater or staff context ) or changeroom ( regional use ) is a room or area designated for changing one 's clothes . Changing rooms are provided in a semi-public situation to enable people to change clothes in privacy , either individually or on a gender basis .
The current host of the show is Jay Leno , who had previously hosted the show from 1992 - 2009 , and began his current tenure on March 1 , 2010 .
Advanced Photo System ( APS ) is a film format for still photography .
Michael William '' Mike '' Krzyzewski ( ; ; born February 13 , 1947 ) is the men 's college basketball coach of the Duke Blue Devils .
In 2009 it had a population of 118,770 .
Statistics of Austrian first league in season 1931/1932 .
Intermissions between each round are two minutes in length .
Melide is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He also acted as Chorus Master for the Leicester Philharmonic for both Sir Henry Wood and Sir Malcolm Sargent .
Melodic death metal ( also referred to as melodeath or MDM ) is a heavy metal music style that combines elements from the new wave of British heavy metal ( NWOBHM ) with elements of death metal .
A political faction is a grouping of individuals , especially within a political organization , such as a political party , a trade union , or other group .
Kornberg earned his bachelor 's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph. D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972 .
It is situated 6.4 m north-east of Charing Cross .
Queens College
While most earthquakes are caused by movement of the Earth 's tectonic plates , human activity can also produce earthquakes .
The King returned to London as the plague dissipated , and the Gazette moved too , with the first issue of the London Gazette ( labeled No. 24 ) being published on 5 February 1666 .
The name for the city employed by the ancient Egyptians is written as Akhetaten ( or Akhetaton -- transliterations vary ) in English transliteration .
WQED ( digital channel 13 ) is a PBS television station based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Along with the Great Hall of the University of Leeds , the Town Hall is the setting of the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition . The town hall is also used by Leeds City Council as a register office .
Fossil Mysticeti had teeth before baleen evolved .
Kalat or Qalat was a princely state located in the center of the modern province of Balochistan , Pakistan . The state capital was the town of Kalat .
' is a historical province or landskap in the west of middle Sweden .
He won the Giro d'Italia five times ( 1940 , 1947 , 1949 , 1952 , 1953 ) , the Tour de France twice ( 1949 and 1952 ) , and the World Championship in 1953 .
On June 23 , 2008 , he was named to the USA Men 's Senior National Team for the 2008 Summer Olympics . This was his first time going to the Olympics .
Plumbing valves , such as taps for hot and cold tap water are the most noticeable types of valves .
The use of the Anglo-Norman language by the aristocracy endured for centuries and left an indelible mark in the development of modern English .
Appearances in Young Guns ( 1988 ) , Tango & Cash ( 1989 ) and Tim Burton 's Batman ( 1989 ) reinvigorated Palance 's career , and demand for his services kept him involved in new projects each year right up to the turn of the century .
Alexander James '' Alex '' McLean , ( born January 9 , 1978 ) , known as A.J. McLean , is an American musician and singer . He is a member of the Florida based vocal group , the Backstreet Boys .
It is located at Healesville in rural Victoria , Australia , and has a history of breeding native animals .
It is close to the border with Santo Domingo and to Saint-Domingue and is one of the oldest cities in Haiti .
Dashi forms the base for miso soups , clear broth soups , Japanese noodle broths , and many Japanese simmering liquids .
Two gametes ( originating from different organisms of the same species or from the same organism ) fuse to produce a zygote , which develops into a diploid sporophyte .
The Great Basin is a large , arid region of the western United States .
The Greeks called the island ( Melite ) meaning '' honey-sweet , '' possibly due to Malta 's unique production of honey ; an endemic species of bee lives on the island , giving it the popular nickname the '' land of honey '' .
Donatella 's daughter Allegra Versace inherited 50 % of the company stock after Gianni Versace died .
Louise 's untimely death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty , as the Napoleonic Wars and need for reform continued .
The former Chicago Rush of the suspended Arena Football League , also played at the Allstate Arena .
Simony ( pron .
In a single day , about 40,000 soldiers on both sides died or were left wounded on the field .
Vaihingen is situated on the river Enz , and has a population of around 30,000 .
Particles with different mass have different velocity distributions , but the average kinetic energy is the same because of the ideal gas law .
The railway line from Queens Park to Watford Junction , currently served by London Overground , would then be served only by the Bakerloo Line .
More complicated sentences may contain multiple clauses , including clauses contained within clauses . Clauses are divided into two categories : independent clauses and dependent clauses .
In early 1942 he was made commander of the combined American , British , Dutch and Australian ( ABDA ) fleet in the Dutch East Indies , a force consisting of cruisers and destroyers .
However , the differences between these phrases must be recognized and both these phrases should be distinguished from the phrase '' full contact '' .
The novel depicts in harsh tones poverty , absence of social programs , unpleasant living and working conditions , and hopelessness prevalent among the working class , which is contrasted with the deeply-rooted corruption on the part of those in power .
Two other early operas , Daphne and Florindo , were produced in 1708 .
In cryptography , ciphertext is the result of the process ( known as encryption ) of transforming information ( referred to as plaintext ) using an algorithm ( called cipher ) to make it unreadable Hansche , Berti & Hare , Official ( ISC ) Guide to the CISSP Exam , Auerbach Publications , p. 379 , ISBN 0-8493-1707-X to anyone except those possessing special knowledge , usually referred to as a key .
Theia oscillated in larger and larger orbits around the Lagrangian point until it finally collided with Earth about 4.533 Ga. .
He was educated from an early age at home , by a governess .
From late Antiquity , the Roman ulna , a four-foot cubit ( about 120 cm ) is also attested .
Their following two albums maintained their popularity ; Take Off Your Pants and Jacket (/O2001/O) and Blink-182 (/O2003/O) before DeLonge left the group in early 2005 , initiating an indefinite hiatus .
Her Majesty 's Most Loyal Opposition , or the Official Opposition , in the United Kingdom is led by the Leader of the Opposition .
John '' Papa Johnny '' Torrio ( February 1882 -- April 16 , 1957 ) , also known as '' The Fox '' , was an Italian-American mobster who helped build the criminal empire known as the Chicago Outfit in the 1920s that was later inherited by his protege , Al Capone .
They spend much of their time hidden beneath stones , wood or other objects .
Michael Shawn Hettinga ( born July 17 , 1978 ) is an American professional wrestler .
During the years from 1950 until 1991 , when the nearby large port of Vladivostok was closed to foreigners and foreign shipping , Nakhodka became the primary deep water port in the Russian Far East .
The unsettled conditions following the Mongol invasion of Iran led him to wander abroad through Anatolia , Syria , Egypt , and Iraq .
The sixth mode has the intervals tone , tone , semitone , semitone , tone , tone , semitone , semitone - it has six transpositions , like the tritone , and four modes .
The lake is bounded on the north by the Canadian province of Ontario and on the south by Ontario 's Niagara Peninsula and by the U.S. state of New York .
His reputation had spread over the world , and he corresponded with many different people .
Kavala ( ) , is the second largest city in northern Greece , the principal seaport of eastern Macedonia and the capital of Kavala prefecture .
Edwin Powell Hubble ( November 20 , 1889 - September 28 , 1953 ) was an American astronomer who profoundly changed understanding of the universe by confirming the existence of galaxies other than our own , the Milky Way .
Pierluigi Pizzaballa ( born in Bergamo , 14 September 1939 ) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
It has been confirmed by David X. Cohen on the audio commentary that the title refers to the phrase for sexual intercourse '' '' which originated in English in Shakespeare 's Othello .
The Eurovision Song Contest is an annual competition held among active member countries of the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) .
When asked during a televised debate Torstein Dahle said the party '' retain '' the current system of governance .
The Boston Marathon is an annual marathon hosted by the city of Boston , Massachusetts , on Patriots ' Day , the third Monday of April .
Rickmansworth , United Kingdom
James Alan Hetfield ( born August 3 , 1963 in Downey , California , United States ) is the rhythm guitarist , co-founder , main songwriter , and lead vocalist for the American heavy metal band Metallica .
The heavy snowfall also contributes to a number of large glaciers , including the Canwell , Castner , Black Rapids , Susitna , Yanert , Muldrow , Eldridge , Ruth , Tokositna , and Kahiltna Glaciers .
In April 1908 , Mandelstam decided to enter the Sorbonne to study literature and philosophy , but he left the following year to attend the University of Heidelberg .
Salogo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
Project , which is managed and produced by Tsunku , who composes nearly all the lyrics and melodies of their songs .
Cryonics advocates complain that theological dismissal of cryonics because it is interment is a circular argument because calling cryonics '' interment '' presumes a priori that cryonics can not work . They believe future technical advances will validate their view that cryonics patients are recoverable , and therefore never really dead .
The fourth track , '' High Speed '' , would also appear on Parachutes in the same form as it appears here .
In Jane Austen and the War of Ideas ( 1975 ) , perhaps the most important of these works , Marilyn Butler argues that Austen was steeped in , not insulated from , the principal moral and political controversies of her time , and espoused a partisan , fundamentally conservative and Christian position in these controversies .
Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson Gore ( born August 19 , 1948 ) , commonly known as Tipper Gore , is an author , photographer , former Second Lady of the United States , and the wife of Al Gore .
When Sun Ce was assassinated by the retainers of Xu Gong , whom Sun Ce had killed in battle several years prior , in 200 , the eighteen-year-old Sun Quan inherited the lands southeast of the Yangtze River from his brother .
The effort of totally involving himself in intellectual work once again did much to restore Wittgenstein 's spirits .
It is an important economic insect since it is the producer of silk .
The Earl Marshal , an hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk , oversees the College , though he is not a member of that body ; arms may not be granted without his consent .
The gods sent dreams to mortals from one of two gates located there : true dreams emerged from a gate made of horn , whereas false dreams threaded their way from a gate fashioned of ivory .
In video games : Half-Life ( series ) , a video game series by Valve Half-Life ( video game ) , a 1998 game and the first title in the series Half-Life : Opposing Force , Blue Shift , and Decay , expansion packs for the first title .
The martial art of wielding the naginata is known as naginatajutsu .
This story is a retelling of Cinderella with a feminist twist and is a different version of happily-ever-after .
The history of the alphabet is believed to have begun in Ancient Egypt , more than a millennium into the history of writing .
It took each ant 2.5 hours to make one revolution .
The conjecture taunted mathematicians for over three centuries before Andrew Wiles , a Princeton University research mathematician , finally proved it in 1995 , and now it may properly be called a theorem .
The A4 was announced ( together with the iPad ) on January 27 , 2010 , during Apple 's '' Latest Creation '' event .
The Kentucky River is a tributary of the Ohio River , 259 mi ( 417 km ) long , in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Armadillos are small placental mammals , known for having a leathery armor shell .
Despite the title Ace Attorney , the game does not feature a defense attorney as the protagonist , but rather a recurring character of the series , Prosecutor Miles Edgeworth .
The next day , the tropical depression strengthened to a tropical storm , and was named Katrina ; it proceeded to make landfall on the southern tip of the U.S. state of Florida as a minimal hurricane .
Adenoids ( or pharyngeal tonsils , or nasopharyngeal tonsils ) are a mass of lymphoid tissue situated at the very back of the nose , in the roof of the nasopharynx , where the nose blends into the mouth .
Costner then starred in the golf comedy Tin Cup (/O1996/O) for Ron Shelton , who had previously directed him in Bull Durham .
Sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations also occur in people who do not have narcolepsy , but more frequently in people who are suffering from extreme lack of sleep .
Bernese Jura is the name for the French-speaking area of the Swiss canton of Bern , and from 2010 one of five administrative divisions of the canton .
This habit of raiding graves caused the villagers of Komodo to move their graves from sandy to clay ground and pile rocks on top of them to deter the lizards .
Vaas is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Snipes formed a production company titled Amen-Ra Films in 1991 and a subsidiary , Black Dot Media , to develop projects for film and television .
World War II After the Wehrmacht invasion of Yugoslavia ( 6 April 1941 ) , the Italian zone of occupation was further expanded .
A ` red ' apple does not emit red light .
Her extraordinary influence on haute couture was such that she was the only person in the field to be named on TIME Magazine 's 100 most influential people of the 20th century .
Pallene was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Team in 2004 , during the Cassini-Huygens mission .
The Mexican Fritillary is brighter orange , the upper side of its hind wing basal area is unmarked , and the underside of its wings is plainer , with no submarginal spots or median black lines .
Musashi Mizushima is a Japanese former professional footballer .
America 's fear of its own children and the Littleton tragedy are directly addressed in the album by taking a critical look on American society 's common obsession with firearms , religion , and media martyrs , articulating on what Manson saw as their root cause : the three core ideals of conservative Christian America , ` Guns , God and Government ' .
The above discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 34,668 . .
The date will comprise four distinct digits , for the first time since 1987 .
After a 6-month journey around the tip of South America , the ship arrives at the mouth of the Columbia River and Astor 's men establish the fur-trading town of Astoria .
The British Invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the United Kingdom who became popular in the U.S. from 1964 to 1966 .
Some people continue to call their Furbies by the terms ` wedding Furby ' , ` tuxedo Furby ' , ` snowball Furby ' , ` biker Furby ' , among others .
'' RC '' stands for '' Ron 's Code '' or '' Rivest Cipher '' ; other ciphers designed by Rivest include RC4 , RC5 and RC6 .
Reduced 35 mm CinemaScope-compatible prints with standard soundtracks ( mono for Sleeping Beauty ) was released at the same time as the 70 mm versions .
The first recorded use of tea rose as a color name in English was in 1884 .
The Ares V and the smaller Ares I are named after Ares , the Greek god of war , which is the equivalent to the Roman god Mars .
It was launched on 7 March 2007 by then-Queensland Premier Peter Beattie .
The known-plaintext attack ( KPA ) is an attack model for cryptanalysis where the attacker has samples of both the plaintext , a crib , and its encrypted version ( ciphertext ) . These can be used to reveal further secret information such as secret keys and code books .
Wiktionary ( from the words wiki and dictionary ) is a multilingual , web-based project to create a free content dictionary , available in over 151 languages .
Both epics were made in hexameter and in Ionian accent of ancient Greek which was spoken in the Greek region of Ionia in Asia Minor .
Haywards Heath is a town in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex , England .
Eisenstein 's health was also failing : he was struck by a heart attack during the making of this picture , and soon died of another at the age of 50 .
Heat can be removed by dousing with water ; the water turns to steam and the steam is further heated , taking the heat with it .
Henry VII , Holy Roman Emperor ( approximate date ; d. 1313 )
It is a common belief that American handball has been played in the United States since the 1880s .
It is the seat of the district named after it .
This service was discontinued by Superfast Ferries in September 2008 , but will recommence in May 2009 under the new operator Norfolkline .
George Timothy Clooney ( born May 6 , 1961 ) is an American actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
Matthew Perry Biography ( 1969 - ) rick perry Ancestries of Miscellaneous '' CelebritiesFILM ; The Fame He Craved Came , but It Was n't Enough New York Times Perry holds dual US/Canadian citizenship .
Kilmarnock - as part of East Ayrshire Council - is twinned with five cites and has received awards from the Council of Europe for its work in twinning .
Barnyard is a party game based on the animated film of the same name .
Pakistan 's estimated population in 2010 is over making it the world 's sixth most-populous country , behind Brazil and ahead of Russia .
Blingel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
She is the widow of Sir Angus Ogilvy .
Carlo '' Don Carlo '' Gambino , ( August 24 , 1902 - October 15 , 1976 ) was a mafioso who became boss of the Gambino crime family , that still bears his name today .
The release date still showed as March 25 , 2008 on iTunes .
She serves as the ship 's counselor on the Enterprise .
If there is an even number of observations , then there is no single middle value ; the median is then usually defined to be the mean of the two middle values .
