When Ippolito died in 1520 , Willaert entered the service of Duke Alfonso of Ferrara .
She is currently working on Drones , a comedy film , which she is co-directing with Adam Busch .225 BatonRouge.com article 09/25/2008 Writing career : novels and comics Benson also writes novels and comic books mostly in collaboration with Christopher Golden .
SAS vs SATA Systems identify SATA devices by their port number connected to the host bus adapter , while SAS devices are uniquely identified by their World Wide Name ( WWN ) .
The Pact of Steel , known formally as the Pact of Friendship and Alliance between Germany and Italy , was an agreement between Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany signed on May 22 , 1939 , by the foreign ministers of each country and witnessed by Count Galeazzo Ciano for Italy and Joachim von Ribbentrop for Germany .
The complete list of the nine actual and theoretical varieties reads Pinot Noir , Pinot Meunier , Chardonnay , Pinot Blanc , Arbanne , Petit Meslier , Pinot gris ( in Champagne named Fromenteau ) , Pinot de juillet and Pinot rosé .
The term lavender may also be used in general to apply to a wide range of pale , light , medium , or grayish violet colors , as well as some pale or light pinkish , magenta , or purple colors as well as some pale or light blueish-indigo colors .
The Striped Dolphin ( Stenella coeruleoalba ) is an extensively studied dolphin that is found in temperate and tropical waters of all the world 's oceans .
The Nationalist-backed Koreans , led by Yi Pom-Sok , fought in the Burma Campaign ( December 1941 -- August 1945 ) .
The fourteenth king of Tikal was Chak Tok Ich ` aak ( Great Jaguar Paw ) .
It was created by the merger of the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England , under the Acts of Union 1707 , to create a single kingdom encompassing the whole of the island of Great Britain .
Martignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This is the origin of the term simony ` The Reader 's Encyclopedia (/O1965/O) , New York : Thomas Y. Crowell Company , vol .2 , p. 932 , '' Simon . ''
The total population of the union council is almost 5,000 . The main tribes of Palak are the Dhond Abbasi , Gujjars and Sattis .
Sint-Katelijne-Waver ( old spelling : Kathelijne-Waver , French Wavre-Sainte-Catherine ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Where possible , composers or lyricists with insufficient verifiable material to warrant a reasonably detailed article should be merged into the article about their work .
The home city of Pierre de Coubertin , founder of the modern games , was selected over bids of Amsterdam , Los Angeles , Rio de Janeiro , and Rome , though Paris had also hosted the 1900 Games .
It has sometimes also been known as the White Scavenger Vulture or Pharaoh 's Chicken .
Environment Water quality in the River Mersey has been severely affected by industrialisation in the region , and in 1985 , the Mersey Basin Campaign was established to improve water quality and encourage waterside regeneration .
Of all the songs in the album , '' Strutter '' , '' Nothin ' to Lose '' , '' Deuce '' , '' Cold Gin '' , '' Black Diamond '' , and '' 100,000 Years '' remain as permanent staples in the band 's shows throughout the years .
Theme restaurants often depend on tourist business , since the theme soon becomes stale to locals , and the focus is not necessarily placed on good food and service .
June 18 & ndash ; Battle of Seven Oaks : Jack Cade 's rebels are driven from London by loyal troops , bringing about the collapse of the rebellion .
Children 's novels Pratchett 's first children 's novel was also his first published novel : The Carpet People in 1971 , which Pratchett substantially rewrote and re-released in 1992 .
Sticklebacks are distinguished by the presence of strong and clearly isolated spines in the dorsal fin .
Bristles may be natural -- either soft hair or hog bristle -- or synthetic .
In the 16th century an external staircase and a watch were added .
Like most drumheads , timpani heads can be made from two materials : animal skin ( typically calfskin or goatskin ) and plastic ( typically PET film ) .
According to Bertrand Russell , '' Western philosophy begins with Thales .
Born to Jewish parents in Moscow , where his father had just opened a small factory , Rubinstein showed talent at the keyboard early on .
In the twentieth century , Imperial Japan expanded into China and Southeast Asia during the Second World War .
Golden Earring are a Dutch rock band , founded in 1961 in The Hague as the Golden Earrings ( the 's ' was dropped in 1969 ) .
'' Little Boy '' was the codename of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress Enola Gay , piloted by Colonel Paul Tibbets of the 393d Bombardment Squadron , Heavy , of the United States Army Air Forces .
The singles from the double album , '' Paint it Black '' and '' They Ca n't Take Away Our Music '' , had moderate success during 1971 .
After that , he started participating in local and regional festivals .
OMF International ( formerly Overseas Missionary Fellowship and before 1964 the China Inland Mission ) is an interdenominational Protestant Christian missionary society , founded in Britain by Hudson Taylor on 25 June 1865 .
The Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) is a women 's professional basketball league in the United States .
One of the four talukas ( sub-districts ) of Shikarpur , Garhi Yasin is of great political and historical significance to Pakistan .
Online Etymology Dictionary More recently , the term kit or kitten has been used to refer to a young rabbit .
Sven Olof Joachim Palme ( ) ( 30 January 1927 -- 28 February 1986 ) was a Swedish politician .
The album was to be titled Santa Maria , and by June 2000 , newer material like '' Chased By ... I Do n't Know What '' , '' Black and Blue '' and '' One Night is Not Enough '' was making its way into live performances .
Although peripheral to London , the town has good transport links ; it was first connected to central London by rail in 1885 and has a station on the London Underground network .
Although the nucleosome is a very stable protein-DNA complex , it is not static and has been shown to undergo a number of different structural re-arrangements including nucleosome sliding and DNA site exposure .
The Caledonian Sleeper service was transferred to ScotRail , now First ScotRail .
The next day it attained hurricane status , becoming the second of the season and strengthened further to a Category 2 hurricane .
Almost all Christian denominations and Churches hold Trinitarian beliefs .
College football remains extremely popular today among students , alumni , and other fans of the sport .
Bellefond is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Thus , within eight years , Pompano had been in three counties . Pompano Beach experienced significant growth during the Florida land boom of the 1920s .
Aquamarine is a color that is a pale bright tint of spring green toned toward cyan .
'' It was a small animal with a skull 2-3 cm in length and a presacral body length of about 10 cm ( 4 inches ) .
On December 1 , 2004 , 59 % of Socialist Party members approved the proposed European Constitution .
The 1650s decade ran from January 1 , 1650 , to December 31 , 1659 .
Events By Place Europe Khan Kubrat starts to rule in Great Bulgaria .
The wood is heavy and yellow in color as well as fine-grained , and unlike many other aromatic woods it retains its fragrance for decades .
With 59,542,151 passengersWorld 's busiest airports by passenger traffic in 2009 , LAX is the sixth busiest airport in the world and is served by direct flights to North America , Latin America , Europe , Asia , Oceania , and the Middle East .
The sphericity of the Earth was established by Hellenistic astronomy in the 3rd century BCE , and the earliest terrestrial globe appeared from that period .
Since the 1960s four of the five permanent members of the Security Council ( France , Russia , the United Kingdom , and the United States ) have always had a judge on the Court .
Following the birth of Princess Aiko , there was public debate about amending the current Imperial Household Law to allow women to succeed to the throne .
John Joseph Travolta ( born February 18 , 1954 ) is an American actor , dancer and singer .
He was first elected to parliament as a member of his father 's own Liberal Unionist Party in 1892 , sitting for the seat of East Worcestershire .
In 135 CE the second Jewish revolt against the Romans was put down .
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkana is the capital .
While Duck Hunt does not have a traditional multiplayer mode , the manual states that a second player may plug in a standard NES controller in the other controller port and control the duck that appears .
The Nasrid dynasty or Ban Na r ( ) was the last Moorish and Muslim dynasty in Spain .
The outer East Bay consists of the eastern portions of Alameda and Contra Costa counties and is divided into 5 distinct areas : Lamorinda , Central Contra Costa County , East Contra Costa County , the San Ramon Valley , and the Livermore-Amador Valley .
After their outer hull is removed , the seeds are commonly called '' beans '' .
In this view , the character of George Harris embodies the principles of free labor , while the complex character of Ophelia represents those Northerners who condoned compromise with slavery .
Ayrton Senna won his third Drivers ' World Championship , and his McLaren team were Constructors ' champions .
This gives a dimensionless quantity , commonly referred to as the Pauling scale , on a relative scale running from around 0.7 to 3.98 ( hydrogen = 2.20 ) .
The qin society will encourage meetings with fellow qin players in order to play music and maybe discuss the nature of the qin . Gatherings like this are called yajis , or '' elegant gatherings '' , which take place once every month or two .
It would be Clark 's last win .
Niagara Falls is divided into the Horseshoe Falls and the American Falls .
The record transfer fee paid by the club was to Everton for John Spencer in 1999 ( GPB 500,000 ) and the highest received was that for Phil O'Donnell for his move to Celtic in 1994 ( GBP 1,750,000 ) .
In 2004 , the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra with conductor Sir Gilbert Levine became the first American orchestra to play for a Pope in the Vatican .
It is traditionally called the '' King of Terriers '' because it is the largest of the terrier breeds .
official_name = R d u i
In English , there are several variations of the spelling of the word . In Australia and New Zealand '' yoghurt '' prevails .
On June 23 , 2010 , Eager was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers along with Dustin Byfuglien , Brent Sopel , and Akim Aliu , for the 24th overall pick , the 54th overall pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft , Marty Reasoner , Joey Crabb and Jeremy Morin .
Euston tube station is a London Underground station served by the Victoria Line and both branches of the Northern Line .
AIK was founded in 1891 in central Stockholm , at the downtown address of Biblioteksgatan 8 .
Ambiguity If the capitalization is ignored , the sentence can be read another way : Buffaloa buffalon buffalov Buffaloa buffalon Buffaloa buffalon buffalov .
Serotonin or 5-hydroxytryptamine ( 5-HT ) is a monoamine neurotransmitter .
, was decided on some time later still .
bar :1861 text :1861
Sant ` Antonio is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It also operates Hyles-Anderson College , a non-accredited institution , and two K-12 schools , called City Baptist Schools ( for children of the bus route of the church ) and Hammond Baptist Schools ( for children of the members of the church ) .
The Odenwald is known as a leisure destination easily accessible from the urban areas of Mannheim and Frankfurt .
I Cheat !
Brandy & Mr. Whiskers is an American animated television series about a dog and a hyperactive rabbit that get stuck in the Amazon Rainforest together .
New York City 's total area is .
Titze , I. R. (/O2008/O) .
Samuel Pepys FRS , MP , JP , ( ; 23 February 1633 - 26 May 1703 ) was an English naval administrator and Member of Parliament , who is now most famous for the diary he kept for a decade while still a relatively young man .
Springfield , MA : Merriam-Webster , Inc. is the half of a planet that is south of the equator -- the word hemisphere ( from the Greek word ( sphere )
His brothers or half-brothers are Gawain , Agravain , Gaheris , and Gareth .
Household income is a measure commonly used by the United States government and private institutions , that counts the income of all residents over the age of 18 in each household , including not only all wages and salaries , but such items as unemployment insurance , disability payments , child support payments , regular rental receipts , as well as any personal business , investment , or other kinds of income received routinely .
In the original text , the only ingredients that could be used in the production of beer were water , barley , and hops .
In a personal computer , a GPU can be present on a video card , or it can be on the motherboard .
Ronald Michael Francis , Jr. ( born March 1 , 1963 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey center who played 23 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Hartford Whalers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Carolina Hurricanes and Toronto Maple Leafs .
Ekiga ( formerly called GnomeMeeting ) is a VoIP and video conferencing application for GNOME and Windows .
Noircourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It established the Northern Ireland Assembly with devolved legislative powers and marked a deescalation of violence in The Troubles .
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a 2008 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology ; it is the fourth novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series by Rick Riordan .
The existing Aqua Claudia aqueduct was extended to supply water to the area and the gigantic bronze Colossus of Nero was set up nearby at the entrance to the Domus Aurea .
The Willio and Phillio act brought Ryan back into music and after moving to California , he began to write and record songs for Disney .
As a means of recording the passage of time , the 13th century was that century which lasted from 1201 through 1300 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Christian\/Common Era .
Mary is seated on the knee of her mother , St Anne .
It may also reflect a selective effect : people with chronic life-threatening illnesses are less likely to become wealthy or to reside in affluent areas .
Karimabad ( formerly called Baltit ) is the main town , which is also a very popular tourist destination because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Ultar Sar , Rakaposhi , Bojahagur Duanasir II , Ghenta Peak , Hunza Peak , Passu Peak , Diran Peak and Bublimating ( Ladyfinger Peak ) , all or higher .
According to a Home Political Deposit report , the number was more than 1,000 , with more than 1,200 wounded .
It reached the top of the charts after selling over 61,500 copies in the first week .
The agency 's mission is '' to understand and predict changes in the Earth 's environment and conserve and manage coastal and marine resources to meet our nation 's economic , social , and environmental needs . ''
Brian Steen Nielsen ( born 28 December 1968 ) is a former Danish professional footballer from Denmark , who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002 , scoring three goals .
They were engaged in April 2001 and married in Mexico on September 1 , 2002 in a ceremony officiated by Adam Shankman , a film director and choreographer with whom Gellar had worked on Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
The cutting produces new roots , stems , or both , and thus becomes a new plant independent of the parent .
The La Scala Museum ( Museo Teatrale alla Scala ) , accessible from the theatre 's foyer and a part of the house , contains an extraordinary collection of paintings , drafts , statues , costumes , and other documents regarding opera and La Scala 's history .
Telus Communications ( Alberta ) was created in 1990 by the government of Alberta as a holding company in order to facilitate the privatization of a crown corporation , the Alberta Government Telephones Commission ( AGT ) .
Saint-Caprais-de-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Parallelism has been employed for many years , mainly in high-performance computing , but interest in it has grown lately due to the physical constraints preventing frequency scaling .
Grass has received dozens of international awards and in 1999 achieved the highest literary honor : the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Baba , along with Antonio Inoki , became one of the most famous Japanese wrestlers of his era , with a popularity in Japan comparable to Hulk Hogan 's in the United States of America .
Image : St. Benedict 's triumphal ascent to heaven by Johann Michael Rottmayr - Melk Abbey Austria .
The Shuttle has been used for orbital space missions by NASA , the U.S. Department of Defense , the European Space Agency , and Germany .
Independent Music Awards - Past Judges In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
May & ndash ; William of Rubruck from Constantinople returns to Cyprus from his missionary journey to convert the Tatars of central and eastern Asia , his efforts having been unsuccessful .
Copper , before falling asleep , smiles as he remembers the day when he and Tod became best friends .
The Chromium Blog The JavaScript virtual machine was considered a sufficiently important project to be split off ( as was Adobe/Mozilla 's Tamarin ) and handled by a separate team in Denmark coordinated by Lars Bak at Aarhus .
Sangatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department on the northern coast of France on the English Channel .
Mastodon is an American progressive metal band from Atlanta , Georgia , formed in 1999 .
Their name is derived from their original five members ( Zax Wang , Jason Hsu , Sam Wang , Rio Peng and band leader Tony Sun ) , working in six entertainment fields ( singing , movies and dramas , hosting , modelling , commercials , and dancing ) .
In 1485 , a great fire struck Flensburg .
It was founded in October 2002 and reached ten thousand articles on 4 June 2005 .
According to the Book of Exodus , Moses was born in a time when his people , the Children of Israel , were increasing in number and the Egyptian Pharaoh was worried that they might help Egypt 's enemies .
Mauritania made slavery illegal last monthThe Abolition season on BBC World Service Slavery in Mauritania was criminalized in August 2007 .
Of 140,000 registered , only 30,000 Dutch Jews survived the war .
Moreover , Ebner 's metaphors have been described as '' passing beyond reality without losing ground '' .
Events in the series refer to Judeo-Christian symbols from the Book of Genesis and Biblical apocrypha among others .
The Armenia national football team ( , ' ) represents Armenia in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Armenia , the governing body for football in Armenia .
In the late 1950s he became Chief Justice of the Federation of Nigeria .
He debuted on the brand by making a surprise appearance to sign a contract for the final spot in the Extreme Elimination Chamber match for the ECW World Championship at December to Dismember . At December to Dismember , Lashley was the fifth person released into the match .
Mercury ( II ) iodide ( HgI2 ) is a chemical compound with an appearance of red-orange crystals .
According to Rankin , in February , 1838 a young slave woman had escaped across the frozen Ohio River to the town of Ripley with her child in her arms and stayed at his house on her way further north .
He is a Catholic saint , known also as Trojan and Troyen ; his feast day is November 30 .
Akullequtaasut merlertutut ilinni perortugut tamaani kalaallinik imminik taajumavugut niaqquit ataqqinartup saani .
However , depending on the operating system , a context switch may also take place at this time .
The game has spawned an animated series , Ragnarok the Animation , and a sequel game , Ragnarok Online 2 : Legend of The Second , is in development .
High speed services are operated by HST trains ( British Rail class 43 Locomotives ) with Mk3 coaches .
Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker were members of the band , and Davis was brought in on third trumpet for a couple of weeks because the regular player , Buddy Anderson , was out sick .
T-Pain has become so well associated with Auto-Tune that he has an iPhone App named after him that simulates the effect called '' I Am T-Pain '' .
At the Restoration , he was named composer of the royal chapel and conductor of the orchestra of the Opéra .
Racial differences exist among binge drinking with Hispanics followed by white people having the highest level of binge drinking .
Due to the proximity to land , the depression failed to develop strong convection , significantly hindering intensification .
It is the only line of latitude which is also a great circle .
Halten is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The stories became the basis of the animated television series produced by Cookie Jar Entertainment of Canada and Bee Train of Japan .
The U.S. , Japan and Mexico are three countries where there is a huge market and high popularity for professional wrestling .
He married Gretchen Frances Hahnen ( 1902 - 1986 ) in New York City on June 2 , 1934 at the New York Municipal Building in Manhattan .
However , Berenson was taking risks simply in teaching the game to women .
In addition , the British Council maintains a metropolitan center in Manchester .
Bright and Ross ( 2000 ) , p. 16 The Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of BBC 's Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 .
Retrieved on 2008-07-05 is a Swiss international defender who currently plays for VfB Stuttgart on loan from Premier League side Liverpool .
The most powerful successor state to Kievan Rus ' was Moscow , which served as the main force in the Russian reunification process and independence struggle against the Golden Horde .
When the Grand Trunk Railway was built through where the town now sits , the station was named for the dense forest .
C.
Dill seed is used as a spice , with a flavor somewhat similar to caraway but also resembling that of fresh or dried dill weed .
The large building , often referred to as simply '' Covent Garden '' , is the home of The Royal Opera , The Royal Ballet and the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House .
Riverdale is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York .
It acquired some features more typical of subtropical or even tropical cyclones .
The radio-announcer that Peter listens to on the rainy day near the beginning of the film is played by Douglas Gresham , co-producer of the movie and C. S. Lewis 's stepson .
December 24 -- The County of Edessa falls to Zengi of Mosul ( see Siege of Edessa ) .
The suborder Suina ( also known as Suiformes ) contains perhaps the earliest and most archaic even-toed ungulates .
but grew up in Titusville , Florida , the son of a preacher with one brother and two sisters .
Dyster , B. , & Meredith , D. , Australia in the Global Economy , Cambridge University Press , 1999 , p. 309 However , Keating succeeded in winning back the electorate with a strong campaign opposing Fightback , memorable for Keating 's reference to Hewson 's proposed GST as '' 15 % on this , 15 % on that '' , and a focus on creating jobs to reduce unemployment .
Adrian Pierce Rogers ( September 12 , 1931 -- November 15 , 2005 ) was an American pastor , conservative , author , and a three-term president of the Southern Baptist Convention ( 1979 -- 1980 and 1986 -- 1988 ) .
Polyrhythm is a general an nonspeciific term for the simultaneous occurrence of two or more conflicting rhythms , of which cross-rhythm is a specific and definable subset .
I , II , III , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , and X.
Edith Massey ( May 28 , 1918 -- October 24 , 1984 ) was an American actress and singer .
The diarist John Evelyn called him a Scotsman , an epithet repeated by Horace Walpole and tentatively accepted by his later biographer , Verne .
Although electrostatic accelerators accelerate particles along a straight line , the term linear accelerator is more often associated with accelerators that use oscillating rather than static electric fields .
Male Orthodox Jews wear a four-cornered prayer shawl called a tallit katan , which has tzitzit ( fringes ) attached to the corners , draped over their shoulders .
Marest-Dampcourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Omaha is located at .
ZoneAlarm is a software firewall originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
The Rough-toothed Dolphin ( Steno bredanensis ) is a fairly large dolphin that can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world .
After her husband 's death , Mrs. Polk assumed guardianship of an orphaned niece , Sarah Polk Jetton ( 1847 - 1924 ) , and raised the girl as her own .
It is the largest city in the district and the location of Rheine Air Base .
Initially dedicated to Jupiter alone , it was erected in the mid 2nd century BC at the same time as the temple of Apollo was being renovated - this was the era at which Roman influence over Pompeii increased and so Roman Jupiter superseded the Greek Apollo as the town 's highest god .
Survivor 's Law II ( Traditional Chinese : ) is a 20-episode TVB drama broadcast between December 2007 and January and January 2008 .
Dental care -- sugar substitutes are toothfriendly , as they are not fermented by the microflora of the dental plaque .
Red Bull has also been the target of criticism concerning the possible health risks associated with the drink .
On the other hand , the downfall of the provincial lady has place amidst two very diverse suitors : the most handsome man in the city , who triumphs in the end , and the cathedral 's priest .
In business , revenue or revenues is income that a company receives from its normal business activities , usually from the sale of goods and services to customers .
Repeats continued to be shown on CBC Television until they were discontinued in 2006 .
A looser definition of the East Midlands would include the City of Peterborough ( once part of Northamptonshire but now Cambridgeshire ) , Burton upon Trent in Staffordshire and north Lincolnshire .
On July 19 1965 , Rhee died of a stroke .
Also depending on the type of show band , the instrumentation can contain entirely brass instruments and percussion instruments , and may or may not use woodwinds or a percussion pit .
Edmund Gerald '' Jerry '' Brown , Jr. ( born April 7 , 1938 ) is an American politician .
Four years later , Alfred Wallenstein was chosen by Mudd to lead the orchestra .
Oye-Plage is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Peterhead ( ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
As of 2000 , the population was 8,775 .
Frankfort is a city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky that serves as the state capital and the county seat of Franklin County .
Biography Stefanie Sun has an elder sister by three years called Sng Yee-kia ( ) , and a younger sister by six years named Sng Ee-mei ( ) .
Volcanology ( also spelled vulcanology ) is the study of volcanoes , lava , magma , and related geological , geophysical and geochemical phenomena .
Some stem metatherians persisted well into the Neogene Period before becoming extinct .
Like much of African-inspired music , funk typically consists of a complex groove with rhythm instruments such as electric guitar , electric bass , Hammond organ , and drums playing interlocking rhythms .
Enguinegatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Durham County is a member of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments .
It was incorporated on July 31 , 1875 , and became a city in 1885 .
In 1515 a Moorish explorer , El Wassan , reported that Rabat had declined so much that only 100 inhabited houses remained .
Poetry Moore 's poetry has been translated into several languages .
A United Nations official commented on the situation as follows : '' It 's a bad situation .
Key exchange ( also known as '' key establishment '' ) is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
At Christmas , Sunderland used to host a German market in the city centre selling quality German-made wooden goods , and German food .
In 1929 the district was enlarged significantly and renamed Kempen-Krefeld .
The first broadcast is the result of the U.S. presidential election , 1920 .
The screenplay was written by Linklater and Eric Schlosser , loosely based on the latter 's bestselling 2001 non-fiction book of the same name .
Dar es Salaam ( '' house of Peace '' D r as-Sal m ) , formerly Mzizima , is the largest city in Tanzania .
Colin James Barnett ( born 15 July 1950 ) , Australian politician , is the leader of the Western Australian Liberal Party , the 29th and current Premier of Western Australia since the 2008 election and served as the Treasurer of Western Australia in 2010 .
Apprentices ( or in early modern usage '' prentices '' ) or protégés build their careers from apprenticeships .
Brett Lee ( born 8 November 1976 in Wollongong , New South Wales ) is an Australian cricketer .
It is played under the chin in the same manner as the violin .
Today , Santo Domingo is the Dominican Republic 's major metropolis , and is the largest city in the Caribbean by population .
The line is equipped with an Automatic Train Operation system ( ATO ) ; the train operator ( driver ) closes the train doors and presses a pair of '' start '' buttons , and if the way ahead is clear , the ATO drives the train at a safe speed to the next station and stops it there .
This compared with a circulation of 617,483 for The Times , 358,844 for The Guardian , and 215,504 for The Independent .
Anthony '' Tony Genius '' Megale - Capo and co-leader of the Sicilian faction of the family with Domenico Cefalu , Megale was named former acting underboss of the Gambino family after Peter Gotti was sent to prison in 2002 and is still recognized as the crime family 's Connecticut faction leader .
Sodium hydroxide ( NaOH ) , also known as lye and caustic soda , is a caustic metallic base .
After turning to the northeast , Lane attained peak winds of 125 mph ( 205 km\/h ) , and made landfall in the state of Sinaloa at peak strength .
The topography changes from the plains , near river Rhine and Lake Constance , towards the mountainous areas of the Alps in the south ( Appenzell Alps and Glarus Alps ) .
For example , even in the presence of abundant oxygen , yeast cells greatly prefer fermentation to oxidative phosphorylation , as long as sugars are readily available for consumption .
La Grange is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .
Colorado is part of the Western United States , the Mountain States , and the Southwestern United States .
Another important update is that Dev phones can now access paid applications and developers can now see them on the Android Market .
At their peak , the Gavialoidea were numerous and diverse ; they occupied much of Asia and America up until the Pliocene .
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
They were soon signed to Telstar Records with the addition of a new member , Zena McNally , and became the popular UK garage/R & B girl band , Mis-Teeq .
In photography and cinematography , a telephoto lens is a specific construction of a long focal length photographic lens in which the physical length of the lens is shorter than the focal length .
It is the county seat of Blue Earth County , and is located along a large bend of the Minnesota River at its confluence with the Blue Earth River .
Allen writes and directs his movies and has also acted in the majority of them .
Location Both petroglyphs and pictographs can be parietal , meaning on the walls of a cave or rock shelter , open-air meaning they are made on exposed natural outcrops or monument-based which are made on stones consciously deposited .
Their only child , Frances Scott '' Scottie '' Fitzgerald , was born on October 26 , 1921 and passed away on June 16 , 1986 .
For the InterCity 125 , see British Rail class 43 .
In Britain , the most common idea about the origin of the expression comes from tradition .
Serving both developed and developing countries , FAO acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as equals to negotiate agreements and debate policy .
A chordophone is any musical instrument which makes sound by way of a vibrating string or strings stretched between two points .
In 1959 , he also led his first crusade , which was in Australia .
Naoji Ito ( born July 1 , 1959 ) is a former Japanese football player .
It straddles the Cibin River , a tributary of the river Olt .
The United States Tennis Association ( USTA ) is the national governing body for the sport of tennis in the United States .
According to W. K. C. Guthrie 's The Greek Philosophers , while sometimes erroneously believed to be a method by which one seeks the answer to a problem , or knowledge , the Socratic method was actually intended to demonstrate one 's ignorance .
The work was completed in 1781 and the chapel consecrated in the same year to Anthony of Padua by the administrator of the abbey Charles Caspar von der Horst .
Peter and Lois have three children : Meg , their teenage daughter , who is awkward and does not fit in at school ; Chris , their teenage son , who is overweight , unintelligent and , in many respects , a younger version of his father ; and Stewie , their diabolical infant son of ambiguous sexual orientation who has adult mannerisms , and speaks fluently with stereotypical archvillain phrases .
Lincoln Park Zoo is a free 35 a zoo located in Lincoln Park in Chicago , Illinois .
Apartheid ( , separateness ) was a system of legal racial segregation enforced by the National Party government in South Africa between 1948 and 1994 , under which the rights of the majority ` non-white ' inhabitants of South Africa were curtailed and minority rule by white people was maintained .
One ship , the Cap Castillo ( call sign A8PI5 ) , recorded sustained winds of 45 m on October 5 , while located about 110 m south of the storm 's center .
On 29 May 1953 at the age of 33 , he and Sherpa mountaineer Tenzing Norgay became the first climbers known to have reached the summit of Mount Everest - see Timeline of climbing Mount Everest .
Silt may occur as a soil or as suspended sediment ( also known as suspended load ) in a surface water body .
Between 1982 and 1985 , Spielberg produced three high-grossing films : Poltergeist ( for which he also co-wrote the screenplay ) , a big-screen adaptation of ' ( for which he directed the segment '' Kick The Can '' ) , and The Goonies ( Spielberg , executive producer , also wrote the story on which the screenplay was based ) .
The river Indus passes from North to South on Western side of the district and touches Dera Ghazi Khan .
This causes changes in the type of animals found in the area .
The district main office is located in unincorporated West Palm Beach .
Hume served as a magistrate in Yass until his death at Yass on 19 April 1873 .
Saint-Marcouf is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Orient is a city in Orient Township , Adair County , Iowa , United States .
Glycoproteins are important for white blood cell recognition , especially in mammals .
Phoronids generally follow one of two main types of reproductive strategies .
His 1,000 th performance was scheduled to be in October 1997 , around the time of his 85th birthday .
A prolific actor , some of Sutherland 's better-known roles in the 1980s and 1990s were in the South African apartheid drama A Dry White Season (/O1989/O) , alongside Marlon Brando and Susan Sarandon ; as an incarcerated pyromaniac in the firefighter thriller Backdraft (/O1991/O) , alongside Kurt Russell and Robert De Niro ; and as the snobbish NYC art dealer in Six Degrees of Separation (/O1993/O) , with Stockard Channing and Will Smith .
Flip-flops , are a simple type of footwear in which there is a band between the big toe and the other toes .
Year 1683 ( MDCLXXXIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Monday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The theater was closed for refurbishment from October 2006 to May 2010 .
The best-known written portions of the open-air sermon comprise the Beatitudes , found at the beginning of the section .
Witnessing the planes crash into the World Trade Center influenced Way 's life to the extent that he decided to start a band .
He played nine seasons as a right winger in the National Hockey League .
While Hitler was in prison he wrote his semi-autobiographical political manifesto Mein Kampf ( '' My Struggle '' ) .
It is the Earthsea series novel which inspired the Studio Ghibli animated film Tales from Earthsea .
Baptist World Alliance statistics According to a poll in the 1990s , about one in five Christians in the United States claims to be a Baptist .
It is a member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites .
Note the reversal of the subkey order for decryption ; this is the only difference between encryption and decryption .
The million is sometimes used in the English language as a metaphor for a very large number , as in '' Never in a million years '' and '' You 're one in a million '' , or a hyperbole , as in '' I 've walked a million miles '' and '' You 've asked the million dollar question '' .
A boyfriend is a person 's regular male companion in a romantic and\/or sexual relationship Compact Oxford English Dictionary of Current English , published 23 June 2005 , University of Oxford , ISBN 978-0-19-861022-9 edition , though normally not in long-term committed ( e.g. marital ) relationships , where other titles ( e.g. husband , partner ) are more commonly used .
For a padded message the encryption function is : The private key is ( , ) .
The Sugar Act of 1764 and the Stamp Act of 1765 severely curtailed mercantile trade in the colonies .
Christopher Benfey ( born 28 October 1954 ) is an American literary critic and Emily Dickinson scholar .
After Glele 's death in 1889 , his son Behanzin tried , unsuccessfully , to challenge the treaty .
This Feria is dedicated to sherry wine and 180,000 half bottles are drunk in 4 days .
Norman Jay Coleman ( May 16 , 1827 & ndash ; November 3 , 1911 ) was a newspaper publisher and the first United States Secretary of Agriculture .
Keynes may refer to the following : People with the surname Keynes John Keynes ( Jesuit ) ( 1624 -- 1697 ) , Jesuit and religious controversialist John Maynard Keynes , English economist John Neville Keynes , a British economist and father of John Maynard Keynes .
October 19 -- The Battle of Zama ( 130 kilometres south-west of Carthage ) ends the Second Punic War and largely destroys the power of Carthage .
Daniel '' Dan '' Tyminski ( born June 20 , 1967 in Rutland , Vermont ) is a bluegrass composer , vocalist , and instrumentalist .
Dreadlocks , also called locks , a ras , dreads , or Jatayein ( Hindi ) , are matted coils of hair . Dreadlocks are usually intentionally formed ; because of the variety of different hair textures , various methods are used to encourage the formation of locks such as backcombing .
The municipality comprises the towns of Balen proper and Olmen .
The Wicki-Hayden ( W\/H ) layout was initially conceived by Kaspar Wicki and patented in 1896 .
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic As of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
( New York : Columbia University Press , 1952 ) p. 1364
A few example applications are provided to show how to use the framework .
The location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown .
Dr. Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb , commonly known as Dr. Strangelove , is a 1964 black comedy film which satirized the nuclear scare .
One mmHg ( millimeter of mercury ) is equal to one torr .
The band is directed by founder , guitarist and songwriter Salman Ahmad , who was soon joined by keyboardist Nusrat Hussain and vocalist Ali Azmat .
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 film , the second installment in The Matrix trilogy , written and directed by the Wachowski Brothers .
Saudi influence Although the Saudi involvement in mosques around the world can be traced back to the 1960s , it was not until later in the twentieth century that the government of Saudi Arabia became a large influence in foreign mosques .
Following the race Hamilton was investigated by the race stewards over his involvement in an incident behind the safety car , which saw both Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber crash out of the race while following the McLaren .
Consensual incest between adults is criminalized in most countries , although it is seen by some as a victimless crime .
October 13 & ndash ; The Pilgrimage of Grace , a rebellion in York , is '' resolved '' by Robert Aske .
Informal fallacies of deductive reasoning contain a fundamental disconnect between the premises and the conclusion that renders the argument invalid .
The Grameen Bank is a microfinance organization and community development bank started in Bangladesh that makes small loans ( known as microcredit or '' grameencredit '' ) to the impoverished without requiring collateral .
Along with sodium chloride and lithium chloride , potassium chloride is used as a flux for the gas welding of aluminium .
Kim is the first South Korean figure skater to win a medal at an ISU Junior or Senior Grand Prix event , ISU Championship , and the Olympic Games .
His mother , meanwhile , had been freed from Dachau and began a year-long search for him .
These gospels , later tradition and current doctrine present Jesus ' conception as a miracle involving no natural father , no sexual intercourse , and no male seed in any form , but instead brought about by the Holy Spirit .
He returned to Japan only once , to marry his wife .
In 2001 , a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released .
Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) is a German opera company .
Pichilemu was inhabited by Promaucaes , a pre-Columbian tribal group , until the Spanish conquest of Chile .
In accordance to his will , sixty beggars followed his casket .
At 18 , Dante met Guido Cavalcanti , Lapo Gianni , Cino da Pistoia and soon after Brunetto Latini ; together they became the leaders of the Dolce Stil Novo .
Globally , forced labour generates $ 31bn , half of it in the industrialised world , a tenth in transition countries , the International Labour Organization says in a report on forced labour ( '' A global alliance against forced labour '' , ILO , 11 May 2005 ) .
Life and Adventures of Major Roger Sherman Potter .
Gabrial '' Gabe '' McNair ( born September 8 , 1973 ) is a multi-instrumentalist and composer , most famous for his work in No Doubt since 1993 as a trombonist , keyboardist , and backing vocalist .
May 6 & ndash ; Louis XIV of France moves his court to Versailles .
Also , Sigmund Freud provided an analysis of taboo behaviors , highlighting strong unconscious motivations driving such prohibitions .
The popular Rainforest Cafe restaurants have the obvious theme of a '' Tropical Rainforest '' .
Williams wrote on the band 's web site that '' the break will give that band ' a chance to get away and work out our personal issues ' '' .
Kiviuq displays light-red colors and the infrared spectrum very similar to Siarnaq and Paaliaq , further supporting the thesis of a possible common origin of the Inuit group in the break-up of a larger body .
Greater differences occur in Chinese Braille .
At a time in which football was played seriously only in the larger cities of the Northwest of Italy , most of Verona was indifferent to the growing sport .
A few zircons with ages as great as 4.3 billion years have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane .
Varuna has a rotational period of approximately 3.17 hours ( or 6.34 hours , depending on whether the light curve is single or double-peaked ) .
Hillary married June Mulgrew , the widow of his close friend Peter Mulgrew , on 21 December 1989 .
The Réunion Tram Train , scheduled to start construction in 2008 , will link the city to the airport and to Réunion 's second city , Saint-Paul .
Saint Patrick 's feast day , as a kind of national day , was already being celebrated by the Irish in Europe in the ninth and tenth centuries . In later times he became more and more widely known as the patron of Ireland .
Billy Joel as Dodger : The deuteragonist of the film and carefree leader of Fagin 's dogs and Oliver 's first founder and best friend .
Aurora is comparable to the Greek goddess Eos , though Aurora did not bring with her any resonance of a greater archaic goddess .
It was initially known as Ashburton Grove after the road it was located on , before a naming rights deal with the airline Emirates was struck in October 2004 .
The magazine Book ranked Big Brother # 59 on its 100 Best Characters in Fiction Since 1900 list .
Montigny-Lengrain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Businesses Bloom ( store ) , a U.S. supermarket chain operated by Food Lion LLC Bloom Cigar Company , a Pittsburgh cigar store Bloom 's restaurant , England 's longest-standing kosher restaurant .
Kenya , officially the Republic of Kenya , is a country in East Africa .
After Calvin Chen graduated from high school in Taiwan , he further pursued his college education in Canada , where he completed his Masters degree in Economics at University of Victoria .
Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , Inc. , headquartered in Basking Ridge , NJ , is a subsidiary of the company which operates bookstores at more than 600 institutions of higher education .
The Big Mac Index is published by The Economist as an informal way of measuring the purchasing power parity ( PPP ) between two currencies and provides a test of the extent to which market exchange rates result in goods costing the same in different countries .
Referring to the '' Multiple Caches of Shared Resource '' figure , if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block , the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory without any notification of the change .
Life Edmund Spenser was born in London around 1552 .
They have released four full-length albums to date , expanding their musical borders from early raw sludge and post-hardcore riffs to later psychedelic multi-layered songs , yet maintaining a retro , progressive style with unusual time signatures and odd instrumentation .
The shire in early days was governed by an Ealdorman and in the later Anglo-Saxon period by royal official known as a '' shire reeve '' or sheriff .
Among many honors , Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards as well as the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , nine Country Music Association Instrumentalist of the Year awards , and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum .
Liar Liar is a 1997 American comedy film written by Paul Guay and Stephen Mazur , directed by Tom Shadyac and starring Jim Carrey .
The reverse , a shot glass of beer dropped into a pint of soju , is called a soju poktanju ( '' soju bomb drink '' ) .
It belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 .
It is made up of spongy ( cancellous ) bone with a shell of compact bone .
It has seventh highest road density in India , ( 1,027 km per 1000 km ,2 as on 2002 ) and largest surfaced urban road network in the country ( 50,721 km , as on 2002 ) .
This was known as the Lancashire Loom By 1850 there were 250,000 machines in operation in England .
Grayslake 's soccer team is the Grayslake Galaxy Soccer club . Grayslake also hosts another active soccer organization , AYSO Region 396 in Grayslake .
The water is both hot at 90 F\/32 C and heavily mineralized ; it is pumped into a cistern to help cool it to a temperature suitable for drinking .
Lawson p. 149 Though few surpassed him in a knowledge of the forms of the House or in mastery of administrative details , he lacked tact in dealing with people and with affairs .
A substitute Raw , hosted by Todd Grisham from WWE Studios , was created featuring recaps of John Cena 's WWE Championship victories , mainly the ones that had occurred over the past year .
Tacfarinas ' revolt in Africa is repressed .
Release history
Chloe O'Brian is a fictional character played by actress Mary Lynn Rajskub on the US television series 24 .
She is well-known for her light-hearted series of '' The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .
It employs around 400 people worldwide , most of whom are based in the manufacturing plant ; a modern building in Geneva .
In northern Europe , for example , societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands created by the warmer climate .
Minimal Instruction Set Computer ( MISC ) is a processor architecture with a very small number of basic operations and corresponding opcodes .
In 1929 the Palmerston and Pine Creek Railway was completed from Darwin as far as Birdum , while the Great Northern Railway had been completed in 1891 from Port Augusta as far as Oodnadatta , South Australia , south of Alice Springs .
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France in the area of Valois .
St. Anger was released on June 5 , 2003 .
vertebrate speciation , descendants of pelagic lobe-finned fish -- like Eusthenopteron -- exhibited a sequence of adaptations :
Bristol International Airport at Lulsgate is away by road .
This produces zinc sulfide , together with large amounts of hot gas , heat , and light .
It is primarily used to treat moderate to severe anxiety disorders ( e.g. , social anxiety disorder ) and panic attacks , and is used as an adjunctive treatment for anxiety associated with moderate depression .
While sodium reacts with water at room temperature , the sodium piece melts with the heat of the reaction to form a sphere , if the reacting sodium piece is large enough .
Modern Tirana was founded as an Ottoman town in 1614 by Sulejman Bargjini , a local ruler from Mullet , although the area has been continuously inhabited since antiquity .
August 13 & ndash ; Aradia di Toscano , female messianic figure in Italian witchcraft
Waste ( also known as rubbish , trash , refuse , garbage , junk ) is unwanted or useless materials .
The Ravens have won one Super Bowl title , Super Bowl XXXV , in the 2000 season against the New York Giants .
In 1967 Horton partnered with investor Ron Joyce , who assumed control over operations after Tim Horton died in a car crash in 1974 , and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise .
Fiqh is Islamic jurisprudence .
This paper , as well as the one written by Vandermonde on the knight problem , carried on with the analysis situs initiated by Leibniz .
Image : Billboard01_FirstIssue .
As well , art rock is '' not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics . ''
Many modern Japanese women lack the skill to put on a kimono unaided : the typical woman 's kimono outfit consists of twelve or more separate pieces that are worn , matched , and secured in prescribed ways , and the assistance of licensed professional kimono dressers may be required . Called upon mostly for special occasions , kimono dressers both work out of hair salons and make house calls .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Economic growth
The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
The inhabitants primarily live on agriculture .
Barcelona ( Catalan , Spanish ) is the capital and the most populous city of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain , after Madrid , with a population of 1,621,537 within its administrative limits on a land area of .
The extinct aquatic mosasaurs reached 17 metres , and the giant monitor Megalania prisca is estimated to have reached perhaps seven metres .
Electronegativity , symbol ( the Greek letter chi ) , is a chemical property that describes the ability of an atom ( or , more rarely , a functional group ) to attract electrons ( or electron density ) towards itself .
This is a set of lists of books by the first year of publication .
Manuel I Comnenus orders all the Venetians in the Byzantine Empire to be arrested and their property confiscated .
The main industries are printing , textiles and handicrafts .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
Caliban are a five-piece metalcore band from GermanyEncyclopaedia Metallum - Caliban .
The name '' PuTTY '' has no definitive meaning , though ` tty ' is the name for a terminal in the Unix tradition , usually held to be short for teletype .
Robert Wilkins was first recorded by Victor in Memphis in 1928 , and Big Joe Williams and Garfield Akers also in Memphis ( 1929 ) by Brunswick\/Vocalion .
There are a number of ancient sources that discuss qin lore , qin theory and general qin literature .
It was filmed during 2001 and aired from October 11 , 2001 - January 10 , 2002 on CBS .
In May- June 2007 he played in the Candidates Tournament of the FIDE World Chess Championship 2007 .
In 1520 Raphael also died , aged 37 , and his successor Baldassare Peruzzi maintained changes that Raphael had proposed to the internal arrangement of the three main apses , but otherwise reverted to the Greek Cross plan and other features of Bramante .
The term '' GAAP '' is an abbreviation for Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) .
It hosts the headquarters of the OECD , UNESCO , Interpol , Alliance Base and the International Bureau for Weights and Measures .
At least 500 sheep were drowned on properties in the Eugowra/Trundle area and most of Eugowra 's 400 residents were evacuated and some residents from Trundle .
Ministry of Culture Pakistan Salvar or shalvar are loose pajama-like trousers .
His mother , Marina Lu , was a singer , and his father , Hiao-Tsiun Ma , was a violinist and professor of music .
In the book the conch is used as a trumpet to call everyone together and held by whoever is speaking at meetings , symbolically representing democracy and order .
The Swan River estuary flows through the city of Perth , in the south west of Western Australia .
Readers with Google accounts may rate , comment on , or suggest edits to the articles , in the style of comments after a blog entry .
The decision was made in October 1989 to construct a new international airport at Chek Lap Kok on Lantau Island to replace the overcrowded Kai Tak International Airport .
Mallaig is a port in Lochaber , on the west coast of the Highlands of Scotland .
In 2009 , WWE renamed the One Night Stand event to WWE Extreme Rules .
By 2700 BCE the ancient Egyptians had developed a set of some 22 hieroglyphs to represent the individual consonants of their language , plus a 23rd that seems to have represented word-initial or word-final vowels .
West Ambler Johnston shootings Cho was seen near the entrance to West Ambler Johnston Hall , a co-ed residence hall that houses 894 students , at about 6:45 a.m. EDT .
As of 2010 , it is the longest-running daytime television talk show in the United States , having run nationally since September 8 , 1986 , for over 24 seasons and nearly 5,000 episodes .
He largely retreated to private life after his term of office expired , though he sometimes appears on political talk shows or events .
There are conflicting definitions of how strong .
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials ( masonry , wood , concrete and even steel ) as the huge currents involved can heat materials , and especially water to high temperatures causing fire , loss of strength and explosions from superheated steam and air .
He sent the message to King Ahab :
Monroe wrote in My Story that she did not want to meet him , fearing a stereotypical jock .
July 27 & ndash ; Mauro Giuliani , Italian composer ( d. 1829 )
Plot In 1995 , eleven years after the events of The Terminator , John Connor ( Edward Furlong ) is ten years old and living in Los Angeles with foster parents .
As of 2003 the university had approximately 65,000 students and according to the 2009 Censis 's survey , the University of Padua is the '' Best University '' among Italian universities with more than 40.000 students .
The interwar period ( 1918 -- 1939 ) is understood , within recent Western culture , to be the period between the end of the First World War and the beginning of the Second World War .
The reindeer ( Rangifer tarandus ) , also known as the caribou in North America , is a deer from the Arctic and Subarctic , including both resident and migratory populations .
Due to a serious injury that he suffered during the filming of a variety show , Rio Peng temporary pulled out from group activities to recover .
Subsequently , 13 more field discoveries were found .
As they launch , the human/Alien hybrid attacks Ripley and Call .
, it is the oldest type of deep tube stock in service on London Underground .
To that end , the college is involved in genealogy and the many pedigrees ( family trees ) in their records , although not open to the public , have official status .
The genealogical chart below shows the relationship between the Nasrid sultans of Granada .
World of Warcraft , a popular MMORPG , had over 11.5 million subscribers as of December , 2008 .
Heathrow is 12 N west of Central London , and has two parallel main runways spanning running east-west and four operational terminals .
It infected many of Pollard 's horses ; of those affected only three survived .
The Peregrine Falcon ( Falco peregrinus ) , also known simply as the Peregrine , and historically as the '' Duck Hawk '' in North America , is a cosmopolitan bird of prey in the family Falconidae .
In general , energy conversion efficiency is the ratio between the useful output of a device and the input , in energy terms .
Aviemore railway station is on the Highland Main Line and Aviemore is also the southern terminus of the Strathspey Railway , a heritage railway .
Southeast Alaska , sometimes referred to as the Alaska Panhandle , is the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Alaska , which lies west of the northern half of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
This generation included distinguished artists such as Ernest Hemingway , F. Scott Fitzgerald , T.S. Eliot , Waldo Peirce , and , Erich Maria Remarque .
The comedy-drama show centred around a teenage girl called Sandy Shelton ( played by Fielding ) , growing up living at her parents ' guest house in Blackpool .
Rugby union , a sport
His father was a Protestant and a cardiac physician from Scotland and his mother the French Catholic daughter of an army officer .
Line extensions The government approved construction of the Tsuen Wan Line in 1977 , then known as Tsuen Wan Extension , and works commenced in November 1978 .
The network 's programming consists mostly of recent Nick Jr. and Noggin original series .
Aristotle Sokratis Onassis ( , Aristotelis Onasis ; 15 January 1906 -- 15 March 1975 ) , commonly called Ari or Aristo Onassis , was a prominent Greek shipping magnate of the 20th century .
It can export presentations to Adobe Flash ( SWF ) files , allowing them to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed .
Apple trees are small , typically 4 - 12 m tall at maturity , with a dense , twiggy crown .
According to the Church of Satan historiography , other LaVey associates from this time include noted Science Fiction and Horror writers Anthony Boucher , August Derleth , Robert Barbour Johnson , Reginald Bretnor , Emil Petaja , Stuart Palmer , Clark Ashton Smith , Forrest J. Ackerman , and Fritz Leiber Jr. .
Quolls or native cats ( genus Dasyurus ) are carnivorous marsupials , native to Australia and Papua New Guinea .
Aguilera first appeared on national television in 1990 as a contestant on the Star Search program , and went on to star in Disney Channel 's television series The New Mickey Mouse Club from 1993 -- 1994 .
A table comparing the canons of some of these traditions appears below , comparing the Jewish Bible with the Christian Old Testament and New Testament .
In addition , each mode has a '' dominant '' or '' reciting tone '' , which is the tenor of the psalm tone .
For instance , the video games TimeSplitters and , more often , Perfect Dark are often considered to be the spiritual successors to the hit video game GoldenEye 007 .
Within the borders of Thuringia the Catholic faith was maintained only in the district called Eichsfeld , which was ruled by the Archbishop of Mainz , and to a small degree in the city and vicinity of Erfurt .
His reign saw vital developments in legislature and government -- in particular the evolution of the English parliament -- as well as the ravages of the Black Death .
Prescott Ennis Burgess ( born March 6 , 1984 in Warren , Ohio ) is an American football linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of its release , Metallica played the album in its entirety on their Escape from the Studio '06 tour for the first time ever at the Rock am Ring festival on June 3 , 2006 .
She is a three-time ( 2007 -- 2009 ) Polish national champion .
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau : the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world , including a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures , including the Great Sphinx , the Great Pyramid of Giza , and a number of other large pyramids and temples .
In 1993 the company was acquired by The Walt Disney Company .
Most ironing is done on an ironing board , a small , portable , foldable table with a heat resistant top .
Stargate Atlantis ( often abbreviated as SGA ) is a Canadian-American science fiction television series and part of MGM 's Stargate franchise .
The Sahara ( , , '' The Greatest Desert '' ) is the world 's largest hot desert .
Written in Paris over a period of seventeen years , and published in 1939 , two years before the author 's death , Finnegans Wake was Joyce 's final work .
Since late 2006 , local versions of Comedy Central have launched in the European market including in Poland ( Comedy Central Polska ) , comedycentral .
December 12 & ndash ; Guillaume Huin d'Estaing , Catholic cardinal
Mark Daniel Ronson ( born 4 September 1975 ) is a British DJ , guitarist , music producer , artist and co-founder of Allido Records .
The most popular sports team is the boy 's rugby and hockey team .
AOL Inc. ( ) , formerly known as America Online and logo typeset as '' Aol . ''
Only 13 medals , nine to members of the British Army , and four to the Australian Army have been awarded since the Second World War .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
Boncourt is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
At the 2000 census the population was 79 .
As such , they are distinct from biomes , also known as major habitat types , which are divisions of the Earth 's surface based on life form , or the adaptation of plants and animals to climatic , soil , and other conditions .
In 1997 , approximately 8,000 criminal formations operated in the country .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
Born in Norwich , Connecticut , the daughter of Charles Carow ( 1825 -- 1883 ) , a merchant , and the former Gertrude Elizabeth Tyler ( 1836 -- 1895 ) and a granddaughter of Daniel Tyler who was a general in the American Civil War , Edith grew up next door to Theodore '' T.R. '' Roosevelt in New York and was best friends with his younger sister Corinne .
After several successful collaborations with artists such as Mark Ronson , he released his official debut album , Love & War , in June 2009 .
James II of Majorca ( b. 1243 )
A sea port on the Tyrrhenian Sea , it is located 80 kilometers west-north-west of Rome , across the Mignone river .
It was probably an active bipedal predator , hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot .
Yvette Fielding ( born 23 September 1968 ) is a British broadcaster , producer and actress .
Judith Chapman ( born Judith Shepard on November 15 , 1945 in Greenville , South Carolina ) is an actress known to fans of US daytime television .
Coventry Cathedral is one of the newer cathedrals in the world , having been built following the World War II bombing of the ancient cathedral by the Luftwaffe .
The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is the Australian Federal Government agency responsible for managing the security and integrity of the Australian border , facilitating the movement of legitimate international travellers and goods , and collecting border related duties and taxes .
Born in Munich , Baader was a high school dropout and criminal before his Red Army Faction ( RAF ) involvement .
The Union Council is divided into the following areas : Garhi Phulgran , Takia Sheikhan , Ghora Bazgram , Harnara , Kiala , Mannan , Rajoya and Thith Ochar .
It is hyperreal .
Having obtained his boon , Ravana started back on his journey to Lanka .
It is largely a farming and manufacturing based city .
Hosaka made several appearances for the Japan national football team , including qualifying matches for the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
Health Renewable energy can also contribute to improved health by providing energy to refrigerate medicine and sterilize medical equipment .
In Europe in the early modern period persecution of witches ( witchhunts , witchcraft trials , in the King James Bible ) took place .
The series premiered on January 22 , 2003 on the U.S. cable television network Comedy Central .
On March 4 , 1913 , Congress authorized the construction of Arizona , named to honor the 48th state 's admission into the union on 14 February 1912 .
Department of Physics
Sexual slavery may include single-owner sexual slavery , ritual slavery sometimes associated with traditional religious practices , slavery for primarily non-sexual purposes where sex is common , or forced prostitution .
The higher the value the higher the athlete 's level of function .
However , most freshwater cultured pearls sold today come from China . Saltwater pearls grow within pearl oysters , family Pteriidae , which live in oceans .
Bhutto was sworn in as Prime Minister for the first time in 1988 at the age of 35 , but was removed from office 20 months later under the order of then-president Ghulam Ishaq Khan on grounds of alleged corruption .
The epistle was written from Ephesus (/O16:8/O) , a city on the west coast of today 's Turkey , about 180 miles by sea from Corinth .
Both were released from prison in December 1997 , pardoned by then-President Kim Young-sam .
In 1996 it was the scene of the worst mass murder event in post-colonial Australian history .
Furthermore , censors discouraged stories of poorly built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away .
Outside of Europe , he conducted at the Metropolitan Opera in New York ( 1908 - 1915 ) as well as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra ( 1926 - 1936 ) .
In the latter sense , the intention is often to insult or accuse someone in such a way that one 's words , taken literally , are innocent .
Lightman discovers that Stephen Falken is an early artificial intelligence researcher , and guesses correctly that his dead son 's name '' Joshua '' is the backdoor password he was seeking .
In 1859 , he was called by the Spanish government to depict the campaigns of the Spanish-Moroccan War .
Alfred Pampalon ( 24 November 1867 & ndash ; 30 September 1896 ) was born in the city of Lévis , Quebec , and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupr é .
Kim Yoon-ok ( born March 26 , 1947 ) is the current First Lady of the Republic of Korea .
This is also home district of founder of Jeay Sindh Tahreek ( nationalist movement of Sindh ) G.M Syed .
The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company and Bridgestone Tire Company Ltd USA were amalgamated in 1990 and became '' Bridgestone Firestone North American Holdings Ltd '' .
In addition to English , Shelbies also know some Furbish words and also have their own unique language called Shelbish .
The Western Tragopan or Western Horned Tragopan ( Tragopan melanocephalus ) is a medium sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas from Hazara in northern Pakistan in the west to Uttarakhand within India to the east .
It survived being pillaged by the French in 1794 , and was rebuilt by the Nova Scotian settlers .
In this episode , the Simpson family 's dog , Santa 's Little Helper , manages to infuriate the entire family by destroying Homer 's new shoes , ruining a family heirloom , and devouring Homer 's cookie .
ACF Fiorentina , commonly referred to as simply Fiorentina , is a professional Italian football club from Florence , Tuscany .
The village was founded in 972 .
On November 4 , 2007 Holmes ran , and successfully completed , the New York Marathon in 5:29:58 .
The term lavender may also be used in general to apply to a wide range of pale , light , medium , or grayish violet colors , as well as some pale or light pinkish , magenta , or purple colors as well as some pale or light blueish-indigo colors .
Many of today 's punk groups cite the Circle Jerks as an influence , including Anti-Flag , Dropkick Murphys , The Offspring and Pennywise .
Plato , Phaedrus , See original text in Perseus program , from Plutarch , Cimon .
Schalke 04 won its first major European trophy in 1997 by defeating Internazionale on penalty kicks for the UEFA Cup in Milan .
O Lord , have mercy upon us : have mercy upon us .
In ancient Judaism , castrated animals were deemed unfit for sacrifice in the Temple ( Lv .
James dropped the Women 's Title on August 14 to Lita after Lita hit James with the title belt while Lita 's on-screen boyfriend distracted the referee , resulting in a face turn for James ' on-screen persona .
Robert Bernard Altman ( February 20 , 1925 - November 20 , 2006 ) was an American film director and screenwriter known for making films that are highly naturalistic , but with a stylized perspective .
She backed Stevenson once again in 1960 primarily to block John F. Kennedy , who eventually received the presidential nomination .
It can be made by the action of sulfuric acid on a variety of copper ( II ) compounds , for example copper ( II ) oxide ; this oxide can be generated with the addition of hydrogen peroxide to the acid . It may also be prepared by electrolyzing sulfuric acid , using copper electrodes .
Marshall , Ray .
Gunnedah and the surrounding areas were originally inhabited by Aborigines who spoke the Kamilaroi ( Gamilaraay ) language .
In 1380 , prince Dmitry Donskoy of Moscow led a united Russian army to an important victory over the Tatars in the Battle of Kulikovo , but which was not decisive .
The Icelandic Commonwealth enters into a treaty establishing a union with Norway and acknowledges Norwegian King Haakon IV as its ruler .
The economic recoveries of France , Italy , and Belgium , Cowen found , also predated the flow of U.S. aid .
The Cincinnati Reds are a Major League Baseball team based in Cincinnati , Ohio .
As the family 's provider , he works at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant .
The Doboj Region is one of the seven Regions of Republika Srpska .
The longest recorded life span is 8 years and 4 months ( Nowak , 1999 ) .
Together , HPV types 16 and 18 currently cause about 70 % of cervical cancer cases .
Graphic Resources : ZoneAlarm by Check Point
The routing of the line across the Don Valley was possible thanks to a decision made more than forty years earlier .
He is the only non-Taiwanese born member of the boy band Fahrenheit , and is known for his roles in the Taiwanese idol dramas Hanazakarino Kimitachihe , Romantic Princess , Hot Shot and Tokyo Juliet .
She had at most a ready command of broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos , and of these popular cements she compounded her book . ''
During World War I and World War II , the research of the institute was directed more or less towards Germany 's military needs .
C. promethea is found in the eastern half of the United States and lower parts of eastern Canada .
The later period of Maya 's continued growth is sometimes known as the '' Florescent Era '' .
It is used to preserve vegetables , fish , and meat , in a process known as brining ( now less popular than historically ) .
The most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .
Marcus Plautius Silvanus is appointed as proconsul of Asia .
Clara SMB Official Website of the Municipality of Santa Maria , Bulacan NSCB Sta .
In 2008 Livingstone 's race advisor Lee Jasper resigned after allegations of misuse of public funds .
This continued until their first idol drama , My MVP Valentine , aired on local television .
The Westland is separated from the other lands by a dangerous magical boundary that prevents anyone without the aid of powerful magic from passing through it .
Rev. Parris is praying over his daughter Betty , who lies unconscious in her bed .
The result of the trial was an even split of Pascal 's royalties from My Fair Lady between the mistress and Pascal 's estranged widow , each receiving well over one million dollars in settlement .
He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , which affiliates with the national Democratic Party .
UEFA -- Union of European Football Associations in Europe .
The Klingon Language Institute ( KLI ) is an independent organization located in Flourtown , Pennsylvania , USA . Its goal is to promote the Klingon language and culture .
Saint-Pantaléon is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
Hibernating and later restarting is usually faster than closing down , later starting up , and starting all the programs that were running .
Archival Outlook , March\/April 2006 .
In 2006 , as an All-American wrestler , he made 30 pins , setting the record for most pins in a single season .
At this stage Bob Miner served as the company 's senior programmer .
Two major novae have been observed in Aquila : the first one was in 389 BC and was recorded as being as bright as Venus ; the other ( Nova Aquilae 1918 ) briefly shone brighter than Altair , the brightest star in Aquila .
Palm trees ) is the capital of the Brazilian state of Tocantins .
Statistics of Division 2 in the 1937/1938 season .
It is an act of completion of a commercial activity .
Zenwalk aims to be a modern and multi-purpose Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
Intervals may be described as :
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
The games feature the titular character Pikmin , commanded by the playable characters of Captain Olimar and , in the second game , Louie and The President .
Throughout most of Christianity 's history , corporate Christian worship has been primarily liturgical , characterized by prayers and hymns , with texts rooted in , or closely related to , the Scripture , particularly the Psalter ; this form of sacramental and ceremonial worship is still practiced by the Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , and Anglican churches , as well as some Protestant denominations such as Lutheranism and Methodism .
The original colony was in the city of Jacagua , which was founded in 1495 , but when it was destroyed by an earthquake , it was moved to its present location in 1506 .
We have a set of rules , standards , and traditions , but they must not be applied in such a way as to thwart the efforts of newcomers who take that invitation at face value .
While the city of Vancouver is located on the North American mainland , Victoria , the capital of British Columbia , is located on the island .
In 2005 , further work was undertaken on the stand and it reopened in 2006 ; the stand now extends around the Norwich and Peterborough Stand corner of the ground .
The Tropic of Capricorn , or Southern tropic , marks the most southerly latitude at which the sun can appear directly overhead at noon .
This article is about the 18th-C .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
In the 2009 European elections , UKIP came second in the UK , beating the governing Labour Party with the share of the vote increasing by 0.4 % , to 16.5 % , to give it a total of thirteen seats in the European Parliament .
Lilian Jackson Braun ( born 1913 ) is an American writer , well-known for her light-hearted series of '' The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .
Imaginationland is a three part episode of the animated TV series , South Park .
It originally cracked when first rung after arrival in Philadelphia , and was twice recast by local workmen John Pass and John Stow , whose last names appear on the bell .
She also voiced Meg in the Family Guy Video Game ! .
The current mayor of Phoenix is Phil Gordon , who was elected to a four-year term in 2003 and re-elected to an additional four-year term in 2007 .
New Order were an English musical group formed in 1980 by Bernard Sumner ( vocals , guitars , synthesizers ) , Peter Hook ( bass , backing vocals , electronic drums ) and Stephen Morris ( drums , synthesizers ) .
Shawn Lane was born in Memphis , Tennessee .
During Salazar 's tenure , Portugal also participated in the founding of OECD and EFTA .
Tetra is a young female pirate who , in The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker and The Legend of Zelda : The Phantom Hourglass , causes Link to start his journey .
They are named after Sir Hugh Munro , 4th Baronet ( 1856 & ndash ; 1919 ) , who produced the first list of such hills , known as Munro 's Tables , in 1891 .
Joyce told Frank Budgen that he considered Ulysses the only all-round character in literature .
In 2004 , Cosworth and Pi Research were sold by Ford to the current Cosworth Group owned by Gerald Forsythe and Kevin Kalkhoven .
Anne , surrounded by her entourage of high-born Spanish ladies-in-waiting , continued to live according to Spanish etiquette and failed to improve her French .
Camps-sur-l'Isle is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Whereas the young propel themselves primarily by jet propulsion , mature adults find flapping their fins to be the most efficient means ( Seibel et al. .
A business is a method of organizing work , where one or more offer to sell goods or services to other people , for more money than it costs them to produce or provide it .
The whale can grow to a length of 12.5 m ( 41ft ) to 14m ( 46ft ) and a weight of 26 tonnes with the female larger than the male .
Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed by air raids during World War II , with the bombings of a single night from February 3 , 1945 .
Those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual confrontation , at least for a few weeks .
Clutch old tour dates from official page
Cardonville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hunter Stockton Thompson ( July 18 , 1937 -- February 20 , 2005 ) was an American journalist and author , most famous for his novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas .
CWR ( 1 bit ) & ndash ; Congestion Window Reduced ( CWR ) flag is set by the sending host to indicate that it received a TCP segment with the ECE flag set and had responded in congestion control mechanism ( added to header by RFC 3168 ) .
Nonetheless , the three remaining defendants were convicted in April 1977 of several murders , attempted murders , and of forming a terrorist organization , and were sentenced to life imprisonment .
There are other lilac flowers that are colored red-violet .
The University of Texas at Austin ( also referred to as the University of Texas , UT , UT Austin , or Texas ) is a public research university located in Austin , Texas , United States , and is the flagship institution of The University of Texas System .
I can not go on , The Guardian , November 7 , 2009 .
His last major success as a co-writer came with 1993 's Cliffhanger .
The Nashville Sounds are a minor league baseball team of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) , and the Triple-A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers .
The elytra are not used for flight , but tend to cover the hind part of the body and protect the second pair of wings ( alae ) .
In 1954 , the municipality was demoted to a provincial city within the Sichuan Province of the People 's Republic of China .
Ender 's Game won the 1985 Nebula Award for best novel and the 1986 Hugo Award for best novel .
It was a successful trip , and only 40 convicts had died .
God , seeing the wickedness of man , is grieved by his creation and resolves to send a great flood .
They are usually stuffed with soft , white cotton and have smooth and soft fur .
However , that did not happen , and Gordon actually strengthened slightly while moving northeastward and became better organized .
Gaberones , derived from Gaborone 's Village , was named after Chief Gaborone of the BaTlokwa , whose home village , now called Tlokweng , was across the river from the Government Camp , the name of the colonial government headquarters .
Alternatively , a jersey as used in sport is a shirt worn by a member of a team , typically depicting the athlete 's name and team number as well as the logotype of the team or corporate sponsor .
Safe with immunity , Danni also succeeded in turning the game around for herself by convincing Lydia , Rafe , and Stephenie that Judd was untrustworthy and too much of a threat to keep around .
so that the permeability becomes a complex number .
January 15 & ndash ; Nine men representing various Hebrew charitable organizations come together to form what will become the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City .
Games that make use of this model often have originated in Korea , such as Flyff and MapleStory .
David J. '' Fit '' Finlay , Jr. ( born October 20 , 1958 ) is a Northern Irish road agent and retired professional wrestler .
On the album , this song segues directly into the next track on the album , '' Violet Hill '' .
The Kansas City Scouts was a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) from 1974 - 76 .
The LNH2 Imprint : An imprint created by Martin Phipps set in a possible LNH future .
This award ran from 1955 through 1996 and was by a poll of NFL players .
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of Latin Christendom coalesced in the eighth century , signifying the new cultural condominium created through the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture , defined partly in contrast with Byzantium and Islam , and limited to northern Iberia , the British Isles , France , Christianized western Germany , the Alpine regions and northern and central Italy .
It is located on the south bank of the Ghar canal , 40 miles south of Shikarpur town , and 36 miles north-east of Mehar .
Brent Michael Kutzle ( born August 3 , 1985 ) is an American musician , born in Newport Beach , California .
Ultimate wheel : A unicycle with no frame or seat , just a wheel and pedals .
While most green leafy vegetables and other sources of lycopene are low in fats and oils , lycopene is insoluble in water and is tightly bound to vegetable fiber . Processed tomato products such as pasteurized tomato juice , soup , sauce , and ketchup contain the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene from tomato-based sources .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
The song was written by Lavigne with her producer Dr. Luke for Lavigne 's third studio album , The Best Damn Thing ( 2007 ) . '' Girlfriend '' was released as the lead single from The Best Damn Thing on 27 February 2007 .
In auto and motorcycle racing , racing flags are used to communicate with drivers .
Noted for its smooth , sophisticated style , its seamless ensemble playing , and its sensitive interpretation , the quartet made some 200 recordings , among them the complete quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven , Johannes Brahms , and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Modern hominids do not appear to display sexual dimorphism to the same degree - particularly , modern humans display a low degree of sexual dimorphism , with males being only 15 % larger than females , on average .
However , a letter by the king is preserved on one of the clay tablets found baked in the conflagration of the destruction of the city .
Ménil is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Plantagenet kings first ruled the Kingdom of England in the 12th century .
It is located approximately 650 km ( 400 mi ) west of Curitiba , Parana 's capital city , being the westernmost city in that state .
Sexually transmitted infections have been well known for hundreds of years .
On his visit to Osborne House in 1863 , Hallam Tennyson , the son of the poet Alfred , Lord Tennyson , remarked that Louise could '' draw beautifully '' .
Ashes to Ashes is a British television drama series which serves as a sequel to the 2006 series Life on Mars .
Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph ( 165 km\/h ) on the morning of September 19 , before weakening slightly .
La Quinte is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Margaret is the only prograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
Unlike the penis , which is homologous to the clitoris , the clitoris does not contain the distal portion of the urethra , and functions solely to induce sexual pleasure .
CCI Entertainment , a Canadian film company , produced a documentary film entitled , My Opposition : the Diaries of Friedrich Kellner , which interweaves the stories of Kellner and his American grandson .
It has been important in developing and collecting modernist art , and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world .
The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 novel by J. D. Salinger .
A three year list of credits as one ( or more ) of the following :
Le Vey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The population was 10,349 at the 2000 census .
Hobart is a city in and the county seat of Kiowa County , Oklahoma , United States .
The description '' Polish '' refers to the nationality of logician Jan ukasiewicz , who invented ( prefix ) Polish notation in 1920s .
It opened in 2000 and is the home of the Columbus Blue Jackets , of the NHL .
They have played at the Air Canada Centre ( ACC ) since 1999 , after 68 years at Maple Leaf Gardens .
Two of the most notable events under Arsacid rule in Armenian history were the conversion of Armenia to Christianity by St. Gregory the Illuminator in 301 AD and the creation of the Armenian alphabet by Mesrop Mashtots in 405 AD .
His mother , Regina Wender Fischer , was an American citizen of Polish Jewish descent , born in Switzerland and raised in St. Louis , Missouri .
Midgley was born in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania , to a father who was also an inventor .
The season finale including the announcement of the winner and a live reunion of all the season 's contestants at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City , on David Letterman 's Late Show stage which was decorated to look like the set in the Amazon .
The villages in its neighborhood are Saas-Almagell , Saas-Grund and Saas-Balen .
He or she does indeed hold the most senior post in the administration , but is also required to adhere to any decisions taken by Cabinet .
Warner started the 2004 season as the starting quarterback , winning five of his first seven games , but following several poor performances and a two-game losing streak , rookie quarterback Eli Manning was given the starting job .
The match also included NWA World Champion Christian Cage , Ron Killings , Jeff Jarrett , and Sting .
Ten thousand people were left homeless on St. Thomas , and most buildings sustained some damage .
Main tourist attractions are the CSIRO Telescope 20 km North of town on the Newell Highway , Bushmans Hill , and the War Memorial Lookout .
Trashware can also mean software of low quality .
The total area of Poland is , making it the 69th largest country in the world and the 9th largest in Europe .
In Australia secondary school is called high school , from Year 7 to Year 12 in every state bar Queensland where high school is started in Grade 8 , , except in Victoria , where the standard term '' secondary school '' is mostly used .
It was founded in 1125 by the Bishop of Constance Ulrich I/O. In the Swabian War and the 30 Years ' War after the siege of Constance by Swedish troops , the Augustinian monastery was burned down by the people of Constance , who blamed the monks for having supported the enemy .
He joined the World Hockey Association , first as coach and general manager for the Quebec Nordiques in 1973 -- 74 ; he then played goal for the Edmonton Oilers in 1974 -- 75 , ending his professional career with that team .
Also known for her preaching and speaking , during her lifetime Fanny Crosby was one of the best known women in the United States .
It took time for the Californian wine industry to recover from this setback .
In the late 1960s and 1970s , Shines toured with Robert Johnson 's stepson , Robert Lockwood , Jr. as the last remaining original delta blues musicians .
Frank Bridge ( 26 February 1879 10 January 1941 ) was an English composer .
The original ringing chamber had five bells -- two paid for by the Abbot , two by a wealthy townsman , and one donated by the rector of Hoddesdon .
Rogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Bellicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The then-girlfriend of drummer Tom English , noticed his friend Paul Smith singing along to Stevie Wonder 's '' Superstition '' .
Little is known about Puck aside from its orbit , radius of about 81 km , and geometric albedo in the visible light of approximately 0.11 .
The Republic is located in the center of the East European Plain , approximately east of Moscow .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
Constituencies and MPAs - Website of the Provincial Assembly of the NWFP The chief city of the district is Bannu .
The IA makes its collections available at no cost to researchers , historians , scholars , and the general public .
On 30 January Walibi World announced that the La Via Volta will reopen in 2011 , with a new style train from Vekoma under the name of Speed of Sound .
These include : anthropology , archaeology , economics , geography , history , linguistics , political science , international studies , communications , and , in some contexts , Verheggen et al .
Strangely , they do not choose the background colour and may not even be able to perceive colour differences .
Madison is a city in Jefferson County , Indiana , United States , along the Ohio River .
Following the Olympics , Cavendish remained angry with British Cycling for giving insufficient attention to the madison , though Chris Boardman stated that Cavendish 's professional commitments also interfered with his build up to the Olympics .
Located in a region called Planalto Central , or Central Plateau , the Federal District is divided in 20 administrative regions .
Harding studied trumpet at Chetham 's School of Music and was a member of the National Youth Orchestra at age 13 .
Hydroelectric power Railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central Africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil ( as kernels ) , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
Titan A.E. : : rogerebert.com : : Reviews Prequels To tie in with the film , there were a series of prequel novels released , as well as a prequel comic book mini-series .
Ernst Heinrich Weber ( 1795 -- 1878 ) was one of the first people to approach the study of the human response to a physical stimulus in a quantitative fashion .
Long-term blocks should never be used for isolated incidents , regardless of the nature of their policy violation .
It was bipedal and superficially resembled an ostrich , except for its long tail .
Electoral district of Brighton , an electoral district in Victoria
The number of Pashto-speakers is estimated to be 30-40 million , and as defined in the Constitution of Afghanistan , Pashto is an official and national language of the country .
It was said that his Trespass royalty cheque had gone unclaimed , and there was speculation that he was dead or missing .
The Greater Coat of Arms of the Realm , ( or '' Groot Rijkswapen '' ) , is the personal coat of arms of the monarch of the Netherlands ( currently Queen Beatrix ) .
Other scholars have put forth the Totonac people as the founders of Teotihuacan , and the debate continues to this day .
Some ancient societies and most modern states employ partible inheritance , under which every child inherits ( usually equally ) .
White dwarfs will eventually fade into black dwarfs over a very long stretch of time .
At the Reward Challenge , Ulong mismatched Koror in another reward challenge blow-out ; giving Koror a sewing kit .
Larger species , some of which weighed up to 240 kg , have all become extinct since humans settled on Madagascar .
It was later launched in Mexico , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , India , and Russia .
In 1789 , Adams was elected Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts , and served in that office until Governor Hancock 's death in 1793 , when he became acting governor .
It is situated on the shore of the North Sea at the mouth of the Elbe River .
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season gave rise to the colloquial usage of the terms '' mothballed '' and '' put into mothballs '' to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
Edisto Beach was originally settled by the Edisto Indians and was discovered by the Spanish in the late 16th century .
The estimated reduction in Australia 's GDP is about A$ 30 billion .
The imagery of Jesus ' Ascension is related to the broader theme of his exaltation and heavenly welcome , derived from the Hebrew Bible .
Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands at about 196 km2 and contains the capital George Town .
In these lenses the optical center lies outside of its physical construction , such that the entire lens assembly is between the optical center and the focal plane .
Cushing is a city in Woodbury County , Iowa , United States .
Anthropic principle Some physicists have explored the notion that if the ( dimensionless ) fundamental physical constants had sufficiently different values , our universe would be so radically different that intelligent life would probably not have emerged , and that our universe therefore seems to be fine-tuned for intelligent life .
In his professional career he has a record of 43-2 and 32 knockouts .
Anabolism ( Greek '' mound '' from ana = upward + ballein = '' to throw '' ) is the set of metabolic pathways that construct molecules from smaller units .
One special kind of promise is the vow .
Flagler Beach is located at .
Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself , because it is pain , but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure .
The original music was composed by Koji Kondo and Hirokazu Tanaka , both of whom did music for several other Nintendo games at the time .
Selected Publications Books 1972 Avifauna of the Eastern Highlands of New Guinea , Publications of the Nuttall Ornithological Club , No. 12 , Cambridge , Mass. , pp .
AAU
The city borders Cheongdo and Yeongcheon to the west , Ulsan to the south and Pohang to the north , while to the east lies the coast of the Sea of Japan ( East Sea ) .
Rotherham reached their highest ever league position of third in the Football League Second Division in 1955 , when only goal average denied them a place in the top flight after they finished level on points with champions Birmingham City and runners-up Luton Town .
He was first inspired to pick up the guitar in his early twenties , after hearing the 1948 John Lee Hooker single , '' Boogie Chillen '' ( which inspired numerous other rural bluesmen , among them Buddy Guy , to start playing ) .
A newly purchased Furby starts out speaking entirely Furbish , the unique language with short words , simple syllables , and various other sounds , but are programmed to speak less Furbish as they learn more English as they '' grow '' .
Near the High Street , there is a change in soil type from sandy to clay , which gives rise to local underground springs .
Lisa 's pin collection grows , and when she runs out of money , she trades her pearl necklace to a vendor in exchange for a pin from the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix , France .
The season officially lasted from June 1 , 2001 , to November 30 , 2001 , dates which by convention limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic Ocean basin .
His first EP Deep was released in 2003 with the hit debut single '' '' .
Vatha Pagan Revolt in Hungary : Gerard Sagredo is martyred in Budapest .
The 2008 -- 09 Montreal Canadiens season is their 99th season of play and 91st in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Introduction Named after their custom blue livery , the trains were conceived under the railway 1954 Modernisation Plan , to create new luxury first-class diesel express trains , to compete with the motor car and the emerging domestic air travel market .
Manuel Pereira da Silva ( 7 December 1920 -- 2003 ) was a Portuguese sculptor .
This means Peace , and is used similarly to '' Hi '' in English-speaking cultures .
NASA continues its daily tracking of Voyager 1 with its Deep Space Network .
As well as these principal conductors , the orchestra has had several notable guest conductors , including Arturo Toscanini , who made a series of commercial recordings with the orchestra in Queen 's Hall from 1937 to 1939 , which were released by His Master 's Voice in the UK and RCA Victor in the US .
The process proceeds via the initial complexation of ethylene to a Pd ( II ) center . Major intermediates from the halogenation and hydrohalogenation of ethylene include ethylene dichloride , ethyl chloride and ethylene dibromide .
May 16 -- Pope John XVII succeeds Pope Silvester II as the 140th pope .
The pygmy possums are a family of small possums that together form the marsupial family Burramyidae .
Ken Shamrock defeated Steve Blackman in a Iron Circle match ( 4:19 ) Shamrock won by KO after choking Blackman out with a steel chain .
A year later , at age 12 , she won the senior title at the South Korean Figure Skating Championships , becoming the youngest skater ever to win that title .
was the only parrot species native to the eastern United States .
Ferries to and from Saint Maarten are the only other real option ( although the passage from St. Martin to St. Barth is often rough ) , unless one is arriving by private charter boats/yachts .
The most famous of these , and the only one to still be operating , is the Yangnyeongsi herbal medicine market .
Sir Andrew Frank DavisInternational Who 's Who in Classical Music , Europa Publications Limited ( 2003 ; ISBN 1 85743 174X ) , p. 176 .
A baseball park , also known as a baseball stadium , ball park , or ballpark is a venue where baseball is played . It consists of the playing field and the surrounding spectator seating .
Johann Palisa ( December 6 , 1848 -- May 2 , 1925 ) was an Austrian astronomer , born in Opava in Austrian Silesia ( now in the Czech Republic ) .
Consumer financing program for solar home systems in southern IndiaUNEP wins Energy Globe award
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg ( born May 14 , 1984 ) is an American software developer and Internet entrepreneur .
It does not include Northern Ireland .
Bad Religion is an American punk rock band founded in 1979 by Jay Bentley ( bass ) , Greg Graffin ( vocals ) , Brett Gurewitz ( guitars ) , and Jay Ziskrout ( drums ) .
There are generally few mud volcanoes in Europe , but dozens can be found on the Taman Peninsula of Russia and the Kerch Peninsula of southeastern Ukraine .
While Base can be a front-end for any of the databases listed , there is no need for any of them to be installed .
Pentecostals generally adhere to the doctrine of biblical inerrancy , believing that the Bible has definitive authority in matters of faith , and adopt a literalist approach to its interpretation .
Gas and oil rivalry in the East China Sea Asia Times Online .
They described it as a strong fortress built on a hilltop and a possession of the Armenian Kamsarakan dynasty .
Most churches have long expressed ideals of being reconciled with each other , and in the 20th century Christian ecumenism advanced in two ways .
He is also known in his own right as a producer , having produced Welch and bands such as Old Crow Medicine Show .
Jinnah became a member on the sixty-member Imperial Legislative Council .
The naval Battle of Palembang was fought near the city during the Second World War between February 13-February 15 , 1942 .
Lake Constance ( German : Bodensee ) is a lake on the Rhine at the northern foot of the Alps , and consists of three bodies of water : the Obersee ( '' upper lake '' ) , the Untersee ( '' lower lake '' ) , and a connecting stretch of the Rhine , called the Seerhein .
Henrik Sedin ( born September 26 , 1980 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey center and captain of the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The 400s decade ran from January 1 , 400 , to December 31 , 409 .
They divorced in 1945 when Bobby was two years old , and he grew up with his mother and older sister , Joan .
Subtropical Storm Nicole , from the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season was the first subtropical storm that did not become tropical since the policy change .
Adamsville is a village in Muskingum County , Ohio , United States .
It is in public beta , and has been available since April 2 , 2004 .
The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth and feared lost until its rediscovery in Mexico in 2007 .
All 256 (/O28/O) possible combination of 8 dots are encoded by the Unicode standard .
The team formerly played at Sun Devil Stadium on the campus of Arizona State University in nearby Tempe , and in 2006 began playing at University of Phoenix Stadium .
Roger David Kornberg ( born ) is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
Teruo Nimura ( born May 2 , 1943 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Normal human cytosolic pH ranges between 7.3 - 7.5 , depending on the cell type involved , whereas the pH of the extracellular fluid is 7.4 .
The Convention created the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg . The Court supervises compliance with the European Convention on Human Rights and thus functions as the highest European court for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
Mendoza is one of the 23 provinces of Argentina , located in the western central part of the country in the Cuyo region .
All the models come with the same stock camera and 2.5 in .
His discovery , first published in the Geelong Advertiser on 7 July 1851 triggered the first gold rush in Victoria .
A pesticide is a substance or mixture of substances used to kill a pest .
Janis Lyn Joplin ( January 19 , 1943 -- October 4 , 1970 ) was an American singer , songwriter and music arranger , from Port Arthur , Texas .
Cameron initially turned his efforts to his side-project Wellwater Conspiracy , to which both Shepherd and Thayil have contributed .
It stands on the east bank of the Tigris in the Salah ad-Din Governorate , north of Baghdad and , in 2003 , had an estimated population of 348,700 .
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer ( May 21 , 1960 - November 28 , 1994 ) was an American serial killer and sex offender .
He is sent to a mental institution , where he shares a room with a large white man named Leon Kompowsky who pretends to be Michael Jackson .
Frank Oz ( born Richard Frank Oznowicz ; May 25 , 1944 ) is a British-born American film director , actor , voice actor and puppeteer who is known for creating and performing the characters Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear in The Muppet Show and for directing films including the 1986 Little Shop Of Horrors remake and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels .
Surprisingly , Guerrero was one of the final nine men in the battle royal until he was tossed out of the ring by Four Horsemen members .
NGA : Country Files The city is situated on a massive natural harbour on the Eastern Indian Ocean coast of Africa .
Once GRUB has loaded , it presents an interface where the user can select which operating system to boot .
In literature she was the equal of the Greek goddess Artemis , though in cult beliefs she was Italic , not Greek , in origin .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Adopted as the national anthem in 1962 , its themes are patriotism , national , and African unity .
When asked about the song in one of his last interviews , Lennon declared '' Imagine '' to be as good as anything he had written with the Beatles .
A '' dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .
She was said to be the daughter of Zeus , who took the guise of Hades and seduced Persephone by the river Styx .
A medical abortion is a type of non-surgical abortion in which abortifacient pharmaceutical drugs are used to induce abortion .
The total area is 30.38 km which gives a population density of 203 inhabitants per km .
School history Rev Henry Noyes , the school founder , was a minister of the U.S. Presbyterian Church .
The Swedish division into counties was established in 1634 , and was based on an earlier division into Provinces .
Season summary The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions , but only 9 became storms .
Paolo Rossi ( born 23 September 1955 in Prato ) is an Italian former football striker .
The infection can be passed through vaginal , anal , or oral sex .
While not as mainstream in Denmark , melodic death metal is popular in the underground music scene , and some more established death metal acts , such as Illdisposed , have also acquired a more melodic sound .
It sometimes occurs in younger adults , but it almost never affects children .
Warrabah is a national park in New South Wales , Australia , 371 km north of Sydney .
Kick to the chest or headbutts to the back of an opponent draped horizontally over the top turnbuckle
The Stadium is thus undergoing expansion in order to host over 40,000 people during the event .
Origins of Rugby -- Codification -- '' The innovation of running with the ball was introduced some time between 1820 and 1830 . ''
The NCAA Football Rules Committee determines the playing rules for Division I ( both Bowl and Championship Subdivisions ) , II , and III games ( the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) is a separate organization , but uses the NCAA rules ) .
The arena continued to be used for contests well into the 6th century , with gladiatorial fights last mentioned around 435 . Animal hunts continued until at least 523 , when Anicius Maximus celebrated his consulship with some venationes , criticised by King Theodoric the Great for their high cost .
This theory postulates that the first self-replicating object was lipid-like .
Kanata is a large suburban community in the western part of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
North Carolina State University professor Lian Xie and a team of colleagues and students predicted that 2010 would see 15 to 18 named storms , with 8 - 11 potentially becoming hurricanes .
Ryuji Kawai ( , born July 14 , 1978 in Saitama , Japan ) is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
These ceremonies include dancing , singing , and celebrations with traditional attire .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
Afolabi then captained the Nigerian under-20 team in the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria .
Randalstown is a small town in County Antrim , Northern Ireland , located between the towns of Antrim and Toome .
Independence Hall is the centerpiece of Independence National Historical Park located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States , on Chestnut Street between 5th and 6th Streets . Known primarily as the location where both the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were debated and adopted , the building was completed in 1753 as the Pennsylvania State House for the Province of Pennsylvania .
Because of the city 's relevance to the Holy Roman Empire and its position in the center of Germany , the Nazi Party chose the city to be the site of huge Nazi Party conventions - the Nuremberg rallies .
Financed by McDonald 's , the special was originally simulcast on April 21 , 1990 on all three major American television networks ( by supporting their Saturday morning characters ) : ABC , NBC , and CBS , most independent stations , as well as cable networks Nickelodeon and USA Network .
Kharkiv is located in the northeastern region of Ukraine at around .
Although much of Calvin 's practice was in Geneva , his publications spread his ideas of a '' correctly '' reformed church to many parts of Europe .
Oncieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In the afternoon , Union Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside 's corps entered the action , capturing a stone bridge over Antietam Creek and advancing against the Confederate right .
The different types of force mediating particles are described below .
is a traditional Japanese seasoning produced by fermenting rice , barley and\/or soybeans , with salt and the fungus , the most typical miso being made with soy .
The highest ever recorded speed of any kangaroo was set by a large female Eastern Grey Kangaroo .
He has played 57 games and scored nine goals for the Sweden national football team , and represented Sweden at two World Cups and the 2004 European Championship .
In September 2004 , he stepped down from his position as Peru 's Ambassador to France , where he formerly resided .
The UK nevertheless remains a great power with strong economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence .
The video for '' Naughty Girl '' was directed by Jake Nava , who directed Beyoncé 's first two videos , '' Crazy in Love '' and '' Baby Boy '' .
Sokka ( Jack DeSena ) is a warrior of the Southern Water Tribe .
The M6 motorway runs from junction 19 of the M1 in Catthorpe , near Rugby via Birmingham then heads north , passing Manchester , Preston , Carlisle and terminating at Gretna .
These games were usually played by peasants , as opposed to the horse-riding sports often played by aristocrats .
Among the composers working in Venice at this time was the young Hans Leo Hassler , who studied with the Gabrielis ; he brought the form back with him to Germany .
The river was known as Alutus or Aluta in Roman antiquity .
Holder of the record for most sixes in a Test career , with 100 sixes .
Many users operate from shared IP addresses , often those belonging to proxies used by large networks or home users with their Internet service providers .
James , along with Mr. Kennedy and Josh Mathews , represented WWE at the 2008 Republican National Convention in an effort to persuade fans to register to vote in the 2008 Presidential election .
She was active as a natural doctor occasaionally from early years , but eventually , her father forced her to marry a farmer , Anders Olsson , in 1807 .
, Jihad , p. 571 , Jihad , p. 419 A person engaged in jihad is called a mujahid ; the plural is mujahideen .
R ( approximately 8.3145 J mol & minus ; 1 K & minus ; 1 ) is the molar gas constant .
Born in Cypress River , Manitoba , Young grew up in nearby Glenboro , Manitoba where his father , Percy Young , owned a drug store .
Les Essarts is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The most notable islands are :
Manure from pigs and cattle is usually spread on fields using a manure spreader .
Pohnpei is , however , not a nation - it is but one of four states in the FSM . A Pohnpei football team is currently active and moves are underway to re-create a national Federated States of Micronesia team .
One month after Smith won her title , Swann won the Miss Georgia USA 2007 title , and both competed against each other at the Miss USA 2007 pageant .
Mass nouns ( or non-count nouns ) differ from count nouns in precisely that respect : they ca n't take plural or combine with number words or quantifiers .
Bacall was married to actor Jason Robards from 1961 to 1969 .
Some , known as frame harps , also have a pillar ; those lacking the pillar are referred to as open harps .
Most people in Somaliland speak two of the three official languages : English , Somali and Arabic .
The European seabass , Dicentrarchus labrax , a member of the temperate bass family , Moronidae .
Guitar Hero III Mobile features 15 playable songs from Guitar Hero II and Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock with additional expansion packs released every month .
The X-Jet arrives to pick them up and the X-Men team with Magneto and Mystique .
It is particularly common in southern Europe , but its range extends into the north .
After its decline it was absorbed into the jungle , but has been excavated and restored and is now a famous archaeological site attracting thousands of visitors .
In the United States , the series aired from March 28 , 1999 to August 10 , 2003 on Fox before ceasing production .
They are usually made of wheat , barley or oatmeal , with baking powder as a leavening agent .
It is produced by Tanduay Distillers Inc , and with origins dating from 1854 , has over 155 years of history .
In 2004 he curated an exhibition at the Design Museum consisting of 1,000 '' every day '' design objects that he had collected .
One can earn their social status by their own achievements , which is known as achieved status . Alternatively , one can be placed in the stratification system by their inherited position , which is called ascribed status .
Car preparation and racing operations is run from its headquarters in Dinnington , South Yorkshire , while Wirth Research designed , developed and built the VR-01 from its base in Bicester , before announcing a relocation to new , larger premises in Banbury , Oxfordshire in July .
Spantik peak ( Golden peak ) can easily be seen from here .
In Guatemala , Peru , El Salvador , Honduras , Costa Rica , Panama , and Colombia , plantain leaves are usually used to wrap tamales before and while cooking , and they can be used to wrap any kind of seasoned meat while cooking to keep the flavor in .
Prior to founding eBay , Pierre co-founded Ink Development Corp. , later renamed eShop and acquired by Microsoft .
Personal life In 1928 , Colbert married Norman Foster , an actor and director , who appeared with Colbert in the Broadway show The Barker .
On January 21 , it was announced that NBC had struck a deal with O'Brien in which he would leave The Tonight Show and receive a $ 33 million payout . His staff of almost 200 would receive $ 12 million in their departure .
The band now backs up and tours with John Hiatt .
Discovered in 1946 by Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum , conjugation is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer as are transformation and transduction although these two other mechanisms do not involve cell-to-cell contact .
Microsoft Office Online is the Microsoft Office tools and assistance Web site .
History The company was founded by Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg , when they opened a general store in Beaconsfield , Iowa , in 1930 .
The star would then become unstable to radial perturbations due to electron-positron pair production in its core , and may collapse directly into a black hole without a supernova explosion , which would eject most of its mass and prevent it from leaving a supermassive black hole as a remnant .
Natural sources of salt consumed by porcupines include varieties of salt-rich plants ( such as yellow water lily and aquatic liverwort ) , fresh animal bones , outer tree bark , mud in salt-rich soils , and objects imbued with urine .
Reverse Polish notation ( or RPN ) is a mathematical notation wherein every operator follows all of its operands , in contrast to Polish notation , which puts the operator in the prefix position .
The peninsula is connected to the mainland of Mexico on the east by a small northern band of land crossing the Colorado River in the Mexican state of Sonora .
Parramatta ( ) is a suburb in the west of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Sand was first capped for the Denmark national football team on April 22 , 1998 against Norway , and following his great 1998 season , he was selected to play for Denmark in the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
The complaint accuses him of defamation and inciting violence against an ethnic group .
The title was already used during the Roman Republic for the guards of Roman generals , at least since the rise to prominence of the Scipio family around 275 BC .
Most of the Kofun have a keyhole-shaped mound ( ) , unique to ancient Japan .
White Hart Lane is an all-seater football stadium in Tottenham , London , England .
Tinker Bell is referred to as a '' tinker fairy '' in the film ; in the books she is known as a '' pots-and-pans '' talent fairy .
First published in 1853 by Jewett , Proctor & Worthington , the book also provides insights into Stowe 's own views on slavery .
Satellite Kalliope has one known natural satellite , Linus , or ( 22 ) Kalliope I Linus .
He was best known for defeating Hannibal at the final battle of the Second Punic War at Zama , a feat that earned him the agnomen Africanus , the nickname '' the Roman Hannibal '' , as well as recognition as one of the finest commanders in military history .
According to classical Jewish belief , the Temple ( or the Temple Mount ) acts as the figurative '' footstool '' of God 's presence ( Heb .
Sorbo attended Minnesota State University Moorhead and worked as a model for print and television advertising in the 1980s .
It is 4 miles west of Kirkcaldy .
Although British rule in India lasted for almost two hundred years , the areas which lie in what is now Pakistan , were amongst the last to be annexed .
Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The Ober - ( lit .
The traditional uses of chalk have in some cases been replaced by other substances , although the word '' chalk '' is often still applied to the usual replacements .
Around the background is a yellow border , and to its left are 2 vertical stripes of equal size in saffron and green , with the saffron stripe closest to the lion .
In 1967 , he conducted Tchaikovsky 's opera Eugene Onegin at the Bolshoi , thus letting forth his passion for both the role of conductor and the opera .
Over the last century , the concept of valence evolved into a range of approaches for describing the chemical bond , including Lewis structures (/O1916/O) , valence bond theory (/O1927/O) , molecular orbitals (/O1928/O) , valence shell electron pair repulsion theory (/O1958/O) and all the advanced methods of quantum chemistry .
It is the German newspaper with the widest circulation abroad , with its editors claiming to deliver the newspaper to 148 countries every day .
The bill , introduced by General Thomas Love became law on December 23 , 1808 and was official in March 1809 .
Thirteenth in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film was released in New York City and London on July 26 , 1951 by RKO Radio Pictures .
He fought bravely on board a vessel , and received three gunshot wounds -- two in the chest , and one which rendered his left arm useless .
In Britain , they are used for brewing beer .
Once APT is enabled , the user can install packages from Debian 's repositories .
Alexander Arutunian 's Trumpet Concerto in A-flat major ( 1950 ) , also known as Arutunian Trumpet Concerto , is the Armenian composer 's sixth major composition , a '' virtuoso showpiece '' composed in 1949-1950 .
In 1870 the river peaked at 15.9 metres at Cowra .
The Supreme Council of the IRB , which had been kept informed in detail about every facet of the Treaty negotiations and which had approved many of its provisions , voted unanimously to accept the Treaty , with the single notable exception of later COS of the IRA Liam Lynch .
Owned by Cox Enterprises , the station has studios in the Summer Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh .
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual weather event .
St Albans Cathedral ( formerly St Albans Abbey , officially The Cathedral and Abbey Church of St Alban ) is a Church of England Cathedral church at St Albans , England .
For example , the unit of pressure is named after Blaise Pascal , so its symbol is written '' Pa '' , whereas the unit itself is written '' pascal '' .
Toru Miyamoto is a Japanese football player .
Pete Seeger popularized a folk style by combining clawhammer with '' up picking '' , usually without the use of fingerpicks .
Sankofa 's attorneys then filed a civil suit in federal court in Austin , Texas , charging the execution was a violation of his civil rights .
According to the 2000 census , the city population was 296 .
In his routines , Baron Cohen 's characters interact with unsuspecting people who do not realize they are being set up for comic situations and self-revealing ridicule .
They compete in Europe 's Super League competition and are the current champions , having won the 2009 Grand Final .
The nearby N7 dual carriageway and M7 motorway connect Naas to Dublin and to the south and southwest ; it is one of the busiest routes in the country .
Due to Hesse-Darmstadt 's membership of Napoleon 's Confederation of the Rhine , it was forced to cede a considerable amount of territory at the 1815 Congress of Vienna .
These rating systems have also been used to voluntarily restrict sales of certain video games by stores , such as the German retailer Kaufhof 's removal of all video games rated 18 + by the USK following the Winnenden school shooting .
Jérémie is also called the city of the poets because of the numerous writers , poets , and historians born there , such as Etzer Vilaire and Emile Roumer .
He worked on problems in combinatorics , graph theory , number theory , classical analysis , approximation theory , set theory , and probability theory .
Michael Garrett Shanks ( born December 15 , 1970 ) is a Canadian actor who achieved fame for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the long-running science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
It was first released in Japan , and was released in Europe on September 14 , 2007 , a year after its Japanese release .
Istanbul to host Ibn Sina Int ` l Symposium , Retrieved on : December 17 , 2008 .
Some of his notable discoveries include 153 Hilda , 216 Kleopatra , 243 Ida , 253 Mathilde , 324 Bamberga , and the Amor asteroid 719 Albert .
Born in New York City , Apple is the daughter of singer Diane McAfee and actor Brandon Maggart .
Fruit is also grown in Rio Grande do Norte , with the state supplying 70 % of Brazil 's melons , and the state is famed for its mango and cashew fields .
Legacy Hugh Capet died on 24 October 996 in Paris and was interred in the Saint Denis Basilica .
It has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million adults each week , including over 18 million men , 19 % of the adult males in the United States .
With no convection developing around the depression , it degenerated into a remnant-low pressure area during the afternoon of May 29 .
Q Q , 8\/02 , p. 148 : '' ... Saw them adapt their sound for the first time : to the rockabilly and funk groove fads of 1980 . ''
Strategically located at the crossroads of major north-south and east-west trade routes , it has attracted a succession of invaders including Alexander the Great , in the fourth century B.C. Currently , the United States continues the global war on terrorism there .
Saint-Hippolyte is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Canadian Football Hall of Fame can be found downtown right beside Hamilton City Hall and across town to the east , the Canadian Football League 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats play at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
Edwardsville is a city in Madison County , Illinois , United States .
Entertainment , which itself is owned by Time Warner .
Computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression tracked westward before turning to the north .
This contained Flamsteed 's observations , and included a catalogue of 2,935 stars to much greater accuracy than any prior work .
Brent Butt ( born August 3 , 1966 ) is a Canadian stand-up comedian actor and writer .
The team 's name is a reference to the poem '' The Raven '' by Edgar Allan Poe , who lived and worked in Baltimore at various points during his life and is buried in the city .
The Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major by Gustav Mahler ( 1860 -- 1911 ) is one of the grandest choral works in the classical concert repertory .
To report an error , see Main Page errors .
The absence of springs , rivers , and lakes in the immediate vicinity of Tikal highlights a prodigious feat : building a major city with only supplies of stored seasonal rainfall .
The protolith is subjected to heat and pressure ( temperatures greater than 150 to 200 C and pressures of 1500 barsBlatt , Harvey and Robert J. Tracy , Petrology , W.H. Freeman , 2nd ed/O. , 1996 , p. 355 ISBN 0-7167-2438-3 ) causing profound physical and\/or chemical change .
Several portions of Wikipedia were created as articles copied from traditional encyclopedias , such as from the 1911 Britannica , or generated from a long list of town population-data , but those articles now represent , at most , maybe 10 % of the current article base .
Kanose was a town located in Higashikanbara District , Niigata , Japan .
Reviers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Selens is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
If an ingredient itself consists of more than one ingredient ( such as the cookie pieces which are a part of '' cookies and cream '' flavor ice cream ) , then that ingredient is listed by what percentage of the total product it occupies , with its own ingredients displayed next to it in brackets .
If the Reichstag should threaten to annul any laws so passed , Hindenburg could counter with the threat of dissolution .
Beveridge Post Office opened on 1 January 1865 .
Wavre ( Walloon : Aufe , Dutch : Waver ) is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant , of which it is the capital .
Tikal ( or Tik ' al according to the modern Mayan orthography ) is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centres of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization .
Sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a very primitive composition .
The main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb just north of the Melbourne CBD , however it has several other campuses located across Victoria .
References See also African American music List of banjo players Bluegrass music Country music Prewar Gibson banjo Double-neck guitjo Stringed instrument tunings Irish Music Banjo ( samba ) Further reading Banjo history Conway , Cecelia ( 1995 ) .
Ramsden 's chain American surveyors sometimes used a longer chain of 100 feet ( 30.48 m ) , known as the engineer 's chain or Ramsden 's chain .
It sparked several spin-offs including Viva La Bam , Wildboyz , Homewrecker , Dr. Steve-O and Blastazoid .
If they are not disruptive , personal information may be removed and the user advised as shown below .
A centre for the arts , learning and philosophy , home of Plato 's Academy and Aristotle 's Lyceum , Athens was also the birthplace of Socrates , Pericles , Sophocles and its many other prominent philosophers , writers and politicians of the ancient world .
Canton of Jura , Switzerland
The Usher of the Order is known as the Gentleman Usher of the Purple Rod ; he does not unlike his Order of the Garter equivalent , the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod perform any duties related to the House of Lords .
In computing , an optical disc drive ( ODD ) is a disk drive that uses laser light or electromagnetic waves near the light spectrum as part of the process of reading or writing data to or from optical discs .
A cartoonist is a person who specializes in drawing cartoons .
It lies roughly 10 km south of Frankfurt am Main and with more than 40,000 inhabitants is the district 's second biggest town .
His training camp is based in Kyrenia , Northern Cyprus and he has worn the '' Northen Cyprus flag '' on his shorts alongside the Flag of St. George and the Union Flag in the past .
People with circadian rhythm sleep disorders are unable to sleep and wake at the times required for normal work , school , and social needs .
It features a 3-part harmony vocal performance between Lennon , McCartney and George Harrison , overdubbed three times to make nine voices in all .
He catches him and whips him as a thief , then has him locked up all in front of Katerina who can not stop him because she remains locked in her room and when finally she managed to climb down the window the other servants stop her .
Located in West Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , it delivers the British Columbia Ministry of Education curriculum from Junior Kindergarten to Grade 12 .
When placed at the end of a sentence , the ellipsis can also inspire a feeling of melancholy longing .
The most common preparation is a bain marie method where a reduction of vinegar is used to acidify the yolks .
SLL crime rate in 2006 was 287.9 compared to 290.5 in 2005 showing a decline of 0.9 % in 2006 over 2005 .
The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth and feared lost until its rediscovery in Mexico in 2007 .
Ikuo Takahara ( born October 14 , 1957 ) is a former Japanese football player .
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions along with a small number of kings of Lower Egypt J. H. Breasted , Ancient Records of Egypt , Part One , Chicago 1906 , & sect ; 90 .
However , some atoms in some states behave such that they are repelled by magnetic fields .
The Gorgon imagery remained popular even in Christian times , especially in the Byzantine Empire , including Kievan Rus , and was revived in the West by the Italian Renaissance artists .
The key of Em is also extremely popular in heavy metal music , as its tonic is the lowest note on a standard-tuned guitar .
The Natural History Museum is one of three large museums on Exhibition Road , South Kensington , London , England ( the others are the Science Museum , and the Victoria and Albert Museum ) .
There were around 55,000 people missing and many other deaths were found in other towns and areas , although the Burmese government 's official death toll may have been underreported , and there have been allegations that they stopped updating the death-toll after 138,000 to minimize political fallout .
Coblentz is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon , to the south of the much larger crater Bolyai .
In the Netherlands and Flanders , pancakes are called pannekoeken and eaten at dinnertime .
Richard II is imprisoned until he agrees to replace all the councillors in his court .
A sash ( , shashCraig , 1849 , p. 620 ) is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together , and is usually tied about the waist .
To this end , : \* Permission is granted to copy , distribute and\/or modify Wikipedia 's text under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License and , unless otherwise noted , the GNU Free Documentation License . unversioned , with no invariant sections , front-cover texts , or back-cover texts .
His father was a qualified optician , but had become well-known as a craftsman and model maker , running a highly successful model engine shop in Oxford Street .
He was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates for a second time from 1784-1786 .
As of the 2009 revision of the tables , published by the Scottish Mountaineering Club , there are 283 Munros and 227 further subsidiary tops .
Vaishnavism is a tradition of Hinduism , distinguished from other schools by its worship of Vishnu or his associated avatars , principally as Rama and Krishna , as the original and supreme God .
Pictures at an Exhibition ( , Kartinki s vystavki & ndash ; Vospominaniye o Viktore Gartmane , '' Pictures from an Exhibition & ndash ; A Remembrance of Viktor Hartmann '' ) is a famous suite in ten movements composed for piano by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874 .
In The Gentleman 's Magazine he created the first general-interest '' magazine '' in the modern sense .
On November 9 , Paloma was downgraded to a tropical storm and then a depression .
'' Juanfran '' redirects here , For other people , See Juanfran ( disambiguation ) .
Horsham is the largest town in the Horsham District Council area .
Spencer developed an all-embracing conception of evolution as the progressive development of the physical world , biological organisms , the human mind , and human culture and societies .
By that year fewer than 50 remained , all in zoos .
The flowers are in dense panicles or spikes 5 - long , each flower very small , greenish , creamy white or red , with five petals .
