Physical characteristics The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km ( assuming albedo of 0.04 ) making it the largest irregular satellite of Uranus , comparable in size with Himalia , the biggest irregular satellite of Jupiter .
However , only slightly more women than men have Crohn 's disease .
He is also the founder of the World Wide Web Foundation , and is a senior researcher and holder of the 3Com Founders Chair at the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ) .
Design in an age of massive change .
Riedholz is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
For example : a carbon-14 atom ( the '' parent '' ) emits radiation and transforms to a nitrogen-14 atom ( the '' daughter '' ) .
Myfanwy Piper wrote the English libretto .
Carbonated water ( also known as club soda , soda water , sparkling water , seltzer , or fizzy water ) is water into which carbon dioxide gas under pressure has been dissolved , a process that causes the water to become effervescent .
Katara then revives Zuko .
Phosgene oxime is highly soluble in water .
To the east was Poland , and to the south the Czech Republic .
During the 1970s , Raitt released a series of acclaimed roots-influenced albums which incorporated elements of blues , rock , folk and country , but she is perhaps best known for her more commercially accessible recordings in the 1990s including '' Nick of Time '' , '' Something to Talk About '' , '' Love Sneakin ' Up on You '' , and the slow ballad '' I Ca n't Make You Love Me '' .
The internal columns of the arcade with their attached shafts , the ribs of the vault and the flying buttresses , with their associated vertical buttresses jutting at right-angles to the building , created a stone skeleton .
With Schoenberg he studied counterpoint , music theory , and harmony .
Final years and death In his final years , he lived in Austin , Texas , and , aside from being a prominent celebrity fan of the Texas Longhorns women 's basketball team , he founded an MFA program now named the Michener Center for Writers .
The Var is a French department in Provence , in southeast France .
Kid Cudi was born in Cleveland , Ohio and grew up in Shaker Heights and Solon .
The blackberry is an edible fruit produced by any of several species in the Rubus genus of the Rosaceae family .
For Wikipedia 's policy on page protection , see .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Alpine newts typically inhabit forests with good access to water in hilly to mountainous regions .
They also appeared on Hullabaloo with the Four Tops and the Supremes , and gigged at a Manhattan club .
Sky High is a 2005 superhero film from Walt Disney Pictures .
Hurricane Ernesto caused heavy rainfall in Haiti , and directly killed at least seven in Haiti and the United States .
The current version of the crest , which retains these elements in a unified design , was introduced at the start of the 1997\/98 season .
It was the tallest building in the world outside of New York City at the time of its construction , and remained the tallest building in Europe until 1990 .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
Taygete ( tay-IJ - - tee , or as in Greek ) , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
The hug is one of the most common human signs of love and affection , along with kissing .
Nobel Peace Prize Grameen Bank received several prestigious awards including the highest civilian award in Bangladesh , the Independence Day Award , in 1994 .
The federal death row is in Terre Haute at the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex .
The first written mentioning of Kalev appears in 1641 in the Leyen Spiegel by Heinrich Stahl .
Candice Michelle Beckman-Ehrlich ( born September 30 , 1978 ) better known as Candice Michelle or just Candice , is an American model , actress , and professional wrestler best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment .
Following reunification , elections for the first all-German Bundestag were held on 2 December 1990 .
The Amsterdam Museum , until 2011 called the Amsterdams Historisch Museum , is a museum about the history of Amsterdam .
Nice can also refer to :
The beta particles emitted are a form of ionizing radiation also known as beta rays .
An extremely important fact to understand is that thermodynamic work need not have any mechanical component to be considered such .
In addition to these uses of natural antioxidants in medicine , these compounds have many industrial uses , such as preservatives in food and cosmetics and preventing the degradation of rubber and gasoline .
For example , the comic book Superman was so popular that it spawned over 30 different radio , television and movie series and a similar number of video games , as well as theme park rides , books and songs .
Blood pressure ( BP ) is the pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels , and is one of the principal vital signs .
Takahiro Futagawa ( born 27 June 1980 in Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Gamba Osaka .
The Gawar-Bati Language has not been given study by serious linguists , except that it is mentioned by George Morgenstierne ( 1926 ) and Kendall Decker ( 1992 ) .
BMI does not actually measure the percentage of body fat .
Carlos Germano Schwambach Neto ( born August 14 , 1970 ) , better known as Carlos Germano , is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper .
She slowly gains more trust , but the Romanov family is very resistant to believing her tale and publicly denounces her as an impostor .
Despite the variety of Bries , the French Atlantic government officially certifies only two types of Brie to be sold under that name : Brie de Meaux ( shown above ) and Brie de Melun .
Attabad Lake ( also Gojal Lake ) is a landslide dam lake in the Hunza Valley of northern Pakistan created in January 2010 .
The current church largely dates from that period ( c. 1170 - 1250 ) , in the Early English style of architecture .
On October 29 , Hopper 's manager reported that Hopper had been diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer .
It debuted on April 5 , 1987 as the Fox network 's second primetime series after Married ... with Children , and ran until May 26 , 1990 .
The child 's remains were a remarkably well-preserved tiny skull and an endocranial cast of the individual 's brain .
One controversial incident during his tenure with the Munich Philharmonic was a protracted legal battle to oust principal trombonist Abbie Conant that lasted 12 years , with Conant ultimately prevailing .
In 2004 he was awarded by the Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia title by the President Robert Kocharyan10 Armenian figures of art receive honorary titles / / ARKA News Agency - 09/21/2004 .
This value is then compared with the actual exchange rate ; if it is lower , then the first currency is under-valued ( according to PPP theory ) compared with the second , and conversely , if it is higher , then the first currency is over-valued .
Their surname was '' Mario '' , resulting in Mario 's full name being first given here as '' Mario Mario '' .
Joshua Treadwell McCown ( born July 4 , 1979 in ) is an American football quarterback for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League .
The negotiations led to the inclusion into the Palestine territory of the whole Sea of Galilee , both sides of the Jordan river , Lake Hula , Dan spring , and part of the Yarmouk . The final border followed a 10-meter wide strip along the lake 's northeastern shore , cutting Syria from the lake .
Mania , the presence of which is a criterion for certain psychiatric diagnoses , is a state of abnormally elevated or irritable mood , arousal , and \/O/ or energy levels .
Chupa Chups is a lollipop company founded by Barcelona native Enric Bernat in 1958 , and currently owned by the Dutch-Italian multinational corporation Perfetti Van Melle .
Atomu Tanaka ( born October 4 , 1987 in Niigata , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
Paul Anthony Pierce ( born October 13 , 1977 in Oakland , California ) , also known as The Truth , is an American professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the NBA .
The stadium currently plays host to the home matches of Scottish First Division side , Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Topeka is located at .
Based in Vancouver , British Columbia , the Lions play their home games at BC Place Stadium in Downtown Vancouver , having previously played at Empire Stadium in East Vancouver from 1954 to 1982 .
He won the 2004 Monaco Grand Prix for Renault , his only Grand Prix victory to date .
Henry VIII ( 28 June 1491 -- 28 January 1547 ) was King of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .
Overwintering Monarchs in Mexico are often preyed upon by Black-headed Grosbeaks which are immune to that toxin .
The fire was used as evidence by the Nazis that the Communists were beginning a plot against the German government .
He was born October 8 , 1870 in Poitiers and died June 2 , 1937 in Paris .
He drove the same model the next year and finished ninth in the LMP900 class with Bouillon and Franck Lagorce .
With the siege of Sphacteria yielding no results , the Athenians grow angry at Cleon for encouraging them to reject the Spartan offer of peace .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Security question - implementation method References Handbook of Applied Cryptography by Menezes , van Oorschot and Vanstone ( 2001 ) , chapter 10 and 12 .
Script may refer to different types of writing that is carefully put together .
A&M Records Ltd. was established in 1970 , with distribution handled by other labels with a presence in Europe .
, k ne ` move ' + , rhynchos ` snout ' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
The most recognizable and most common form of dwarfism is achondroplasia , which accounts for 70 % of dwarfism cases and produces rhizomelic short limbs , increased spinal curvature , and distortion of skull growth .
While initially the series focused on software and technology topics ( and still does ) , it later branched out to more general-interest titles , with topics as diverse as Acne for Dummies , Chess for Dummies , Fishing for Dummies , C for Dummies , and many other topics .
Though largely ignored upon release , the record has since become one of the most influential and critically acclaimed rock albums in history , appearing at number thirteen on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time as well as being added to the 2006 National Recording Registry by the Librarian of Congress .
She went to high school in Sydney .
He played as a forward for many teams in Brazil and also played one year for Olympique de Marseille , a Ligue 1 team in France .
The interchange between the Tsuen Wan Line and the Kwun Tong Line , the Island Line and the Tseung Kwan O Line , as well as that between the Kwun Tong Line and the Tseung Kwan O Line , are two stations long , allowing cross-platform interchange wherein a passenger leaves a train on one side of the platform and boards trains on the other side of the platform for another line .
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Asclepias cordifolia is a species of milkweed commonly called Heart-leaf milkweed or Purple milkweed ( a common name shared with another milkweed , Asclepias purpurascens ) .
Central Park is a public greenspace and park in the heart of Manhattan in New York City , with approximately twenty-five million visitors each year , it is the most visited urban park in the United States .
Yasuharu Kurata ( born February 1 , 1963 ) is a former Japanese football player .
As the harpsichord evolved into the fortepiano , and in the end to the modern piano , the increased volume and the richer sound of the new instrument allowed the keyboard instrument to better compete with a full orchestra .
Addition is the mathematical process of putting things together .
Penguin Classics , 1965 .
Historical evidence shows that Ashe county was inhabited by Native Americans , which included the Cherokee , Creek , and Shawnee tribes .
Crancey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Guanine is one of the five main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA , the others being adenine , cytosine , thymine , and uracil .
The space probe later misses the moon by 22,000 miles ( 35,400 km ) .
Other comments : Seth Finkelstein ( Internet activist ) asserted that Wikipedia '' fundamentally runs by an extremely deceptive sort of social promise '' to its editors -- that they will gain academic prestige by contributing to an on-line encyclopedia .
They point to what they consider an absence of regular sound correspondences , an absence of reconstructable shared morphology , and evidence that much shared lexical material has been borrowed from Chinese into Tibeto-Burman .
After the match , Orton explained that since Snuka did not pick up the pinfall , he was out of the group . The following week , Manu and Snuka informed Rhodes that they were intending to assault Orton and had brought someone to help them do so , giving Rhodes an ultimatum to choose a side .
Starting with version 2.3 , Base offers report generation based on Pentaho software .
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly ( ICS , 2004 ) , and is subdivided into six geologic periods ; from oldest to youngest they are : the Cambrian , Ordovician , Silurian , Devonian , Carboniferous , and Permian .
Saint-Lys is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France .
Shere Hite notes that most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Carrefour SA ( ) ( ) is a French international hypermarket chain .
It has since been translated into many languages .
In 1970 , Malakand Division was formed from the princely states of Chitral , Dir and Swat ( incorporated into West Pakistan in 1969 ) and an area around the Malakand Fort known as the Malakand Protected Area . The capital of the new division was Saidu Sharif .
Viewership increased dramatically and the cast members , particularly Jason Priestley and Luke Perry , became teen idols , while the series would make actresses Shannen Doherty , Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling household names in the US .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the Empire of India within the British Empire .
'' Thank Me Daddy '' , co-written by Kimberley Walsh , is a '' saucy disco romp '' which seemingly '' suggests Girls Aloud 's pubescent listenership lie to their parents about their sexual exploits '' .
A group of Muzaffarids under Zafar Khan Muzaffar establish a new Sultanate at Gujarat in western India .
He is generally regarded as one of the finest and most versatile actors in motion picture history .
Benjamin Harrison V ( April 5 , 1726 - April 24 , 1791 ) was an American planter and revolutionary leader from Charles City County , Virginia .
Similarly , the West Berlin Senate sent non-voting delegates to the Bundesrat .
Lake Eyre ( pronounced '' air '' ) is the lowest point in Australia , at approximately ( AHD ) below sea level , and , on the rare occasions that it fills , it is the largest lake in Australia .
The curriculum is divided into three '' Divisions '' rather than four years , and students complete these Divisions in varying amounts of time .
Archbishop Dominique Mamberti , Secretary of the Section for Relations with States of the Secretariat of State , acts as the Holy See 's foreign minister .
Brooke Ellen Bollea ( born May 5 , 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Brooke Hogan , is an American singer , actress , model , socialite , and television personality , and the oldest child of professional wrestler Hulk Hogan ( Terry Gene Bollea ) . She appeared on the reality-television series Hogan Knows Best , which focused on her family , and which premiered on July 10 , 2005 on VH1 .
King of the Klondike or The Argonaut of White Agony Creek is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the eighth of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
This design soon became the standard for baseball gloves .
As a band , they are notable for three wide-released albums : Nickel Creek , This Side , and Why Should the Fire Die ?
The official decree ( No. 181 ) that created the agency was released on March 26 , 1990 .
The gigue is usually in 3/8 or in one of its compound metre derivatives , such as 6/8 , 6/4 , 9/8 or 12/16 , although there are some gigues written in other meters ( for example , the gigue from Bach 's first French Suite ( BWV 812 ) , which is written in 4/4 ) .
The San Gabriel Mountains are located in northern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County , California , United States .
In the case here , the article uses British English primarily .
Sir Norman Wisdom OBE ( born 4 February 1915 ) is a retired English comedian , singer , songwriter , actor and musician .
Changes in infrastructure during the different occupations of Egypt by various rulers , including the British in the 18th and early 20th century , focused on the construction of roads , streets , and buildings in the area .
He was elected on 1 February 1949 , and served until his death in 1952 .
The application of the term gnome in English is first attested in the 1930s .
Bundesliga finisher FC Augsburg in a play-off at the end of the season .
In this scheme , '' pebble '' covers the size range 4 to 64 mm ( 2 to 6 ) .
Her reply to what she wanted to do after her husband left office was '' return to Independence '' although she had briefly entertained the thought of living in Washington after 1953 .
Government The current mayor is local businessman Roland Simmons .
Yunnan ( , ; literally '' South of the Clouds '' ) is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the far southwest of the country spanning approximately 394,000 square kilometers ( 152,000 square miles ) .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
Hughes 's first collection of short stories came in 1934 with The Ways of White Folks .
Phoenix operates under a council-manager form of government , with a strong city manager supervising all city departments and executing policies adopted by the Council .
Car accident On December 22 , 2005 , Bell was involved in a car accident on Los Angeles ' Pacific Coast Highway .
Bacteria which derive energy from oxidizing inorganic compounds ( such as hydrogen sulfide , ammonium and ferrous iron ) are chemoautotrophs , and include the lithotrophs .
The Piedmont valley is home to the famous University of Turin , the Polytechnic University of Turin and , more recently , the University of Eastern Piedmont .
One , known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro , while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil ' Bow Wow , Da Brat , and Jermaine Dupri .
He is the first governor of New York of African American heritage and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley , who was Acting Governor of Arkansas for 11 days in January 1975 .
In August 1040 , MacBeth 's army defeated and killed Duncan I at Bothganowan ( Pitgaveny ) , near Elgin .
Grapes are grown in almost every part of Italy , with more than 1 million vineyards under cultivation .
To accommodate central European music markets of the late 1990s , they changed their original 1980s mellow Europop sound to an up-tempo Eurodance .
Harlequin Room
Thus , divisors can be negative as well as positive , although often it is restricted to positive divisors .
Sainte-Suzanne , Mayenne is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
A hostage is a person or entity which is held by a captor .
Unfortunately the Chinese portion of the cemetery was obliterated in the early 1900s .
Mining in a wider sense comprises extraction of any non-renewable resource ( e.g. , petroleum , natural gas , or even water ) .
'' Oh !
In 1994 , he was among the top 200 players in the world ; by 1995 , among the top 100 ; and by 1996 , he had made it into the top 30 and won a medal at the Atlanta Olympics .
Mature individuals are goblet-shaped , on relatively long stalks .
The island is divided into eight municipalities , of which Portoferraio is the main one , the others ; Campo nell ` Elba , Capoliveri , Marciana , Marciana Marina , Porto Azzurro , Rio Marina , and Rio nell ` Elba , are part of province of Livorno , for a total of about 30 thousand inhabitants , which increases considerably during the summer .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
The majority of French Canadians that continue to reside in the province of Quebec , call themselves Québécois rather than French Canadian .
It will be replaced by a new legal framework , which has been signed on June 17 , 2008 .
There are many political parties in Zanzibar , but the main Parties are the Chama Cha Mapinduzi ( CCM ) and the Civic United Front ( CUF ) .
Enquin-les-Mines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Ai is responsible for the vocals and occasionally plays the piano also with nao on the keyboard or piano .
Pakistan : The Ravaging of Golden Bengal , Time , 1971-08-02 Genocide is the term that is used to describe the event in almost every major publication and newspaper in Bangladesh .
Loiret is a department in north-central France named after the river Loiret .
Magazine Later in the magazine , Koivu was characterized as an inspirative leader , who leads by example , and a courageous fighter , who has will to overcome such obstacle as cancer .
Year 79 -- Mount Vesuvius devastating eruption .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
Sophia ( indie band ) , headed by Robin Proper-Sheppard from California
It includes the ceremonial counties of Essex , Hertfordshire , Bedfordshire , Cambridgeshire , Norfolk and Suffolk .
The tree is said to be the southern branch of the Sri Maha Bodhi at Bodh Gaya in India under which Buddha attained Enlightenment .
Def Leppard are a hard rock and heavy metal band from Sheffield , England , which formed in 1977 as part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement .
Maya influence can be detected from Honduras , Guatemala , Northern El Salvador and to as far as central Mexico , more than 1000 km ( 625 miles ) from the Maya area .
John David Landis ( born August 3 , 1950 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , actor , and producer .
The Spanish Republican government in exile was a continuation of the government of the Second Spanish Republic , which was established in exile after the victory of Francisco Franco 's forces in the Spanish Civil War in April 1939 .
Zelzate is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
The success of The City of Lost Children led to an invitation to direct the fourth movie in the Alien series- Alien Resurrection ( 1997 ) .
Five symbols were shortlisted , and the Cabinet selected the definitive symbol created by D Udaya Kumar on July 15 , 2010 .
In 1945 , she moved to Switzerland , eventually returning to Paris in 1954 , the same year she returned to the fashion world .
Elizabeth '' Blue '' Balliett Klein ( born 1955 ) is an American author , best known for her award-winning novel for children , Chasing Vermeer .
A trough of low pressure over the Gulf of Mexico rapidly developed into a tropical storm on September 16 .
Before the 1951 season , O'Malley reportedly offered Robinson the job of manager of the Montreal Royals , effective at the end of Robinson 's playing career .
Sportswriter Dick Young , whom Robinson had described as a '' bigot '' , said , '' If there was one flaw in Jackie , it was the common one .
But when he spots another can on top of the shelf , he attempts to get it with Angelica and Chuckie 's help .
Hotels , sport arenas ( bowling alley , tennis courts , and sword play arena ) , a castle , ruins of an older civilization , and some new rock formations were added .
The town was granted its Charter in 1584 by Elizabeth I.
\/O/ \* Cell sizes for ambox\/tmbox\/imbox \/O/ cmbox\/ombox\/fmbox \/O/ dmbox message boxes \* \/O/ th.mbox-text , td.mbox-text td.mbox-image td.mbox-imageright td.mbox-empty-cell
Non-image forming visual functions , independent of visual perception , include the pupillary light reflex ( PLR ) and circadian photoentrainment .
A Latin pop album , Mi Reflejo (/O2001/O) , and several collaborations followed which garnered Aguilera worldwide success , though she was displeased with her lack of input in her music and image .
The Kwun Tong Line was extended across the harbour on 5 August 1989 to Quarry Bay Station , which became an interchange station for the Kwun Tong Line and the Island Line .
Georgia ( ) is a state in the United States .
The Angel of Death sits before the face of the dead ( Jellinek , l.c. ii .
This Wikipedia Guide to Layout is an annotated , working guide to the basics of laying out an article .
Amherst may refer to :
By the 1800s , cooking had become a passion throughout the world .
Twenty-nine of them are compositions that are officially credited to the songwriting partnership of Lennon/McCartney .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation ( Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation , with hyphen , from 1935 to 1985 ) - also known as 20th Century Fox , or simply 20th or Fox - is one of the six major American film studios As of 2011 .
The city of Southgate is named for the family of Richard Southgate .
The company has annual sales of over $ 6.4 billion .
The Potomac River ( ) flows into the Chesapeake Bay , located along the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States .
During the sixteenth century , under King Henry VIII , the monasteries were dissolved and many holy places were demolished , but Edward 's remains were hidden so as to avoid desecration .
The Old English names Hengest and Horsa mean '' stallion '' and '' horse '' respectively .
This was a more liberal system than had existed in Prussia before 1848 , but was still a conservative system of government in which the monarch , the aristocracy , and the military retained most of the power .
Helena ( ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Montana and the county seat of Lewis and Clark County .
The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS ( Medium Range Sniper Weapon System ) is a manually operated bolt action sniper rifle built by the Canadian arms company PGW Defense Technologies Inc. .
During his time with Demoniac , Sam was referred to as Heimdall ( the Norse God of vigilance ) .
The Basilica di Santa Croce ( Basilica of the Holy Cross ) is the principal Franciscan church in Florence , Italy , and a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church .
Note that only ground tencha qualifies as matcha , and other powdered teas are known as konacha ( , lit .
Selection is overwhelmingly the main mechanism of change ; even slight advantages are important when continued .
Traditionally , Hawaii is known as the '' Big Island '' to reduce confusion between Hawaii Island and the state .
Among many honors , Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards as well as the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , nine Country Music Association Instrumentalist of the Year awards , and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum .
Kevin Christopher Bieksa ( born June 16 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , serving as an alternate captain for the Canucks during away games .
With Tommy Johnson , he was the center of a small Jackson , Mississippi group of blues musicians in the 1920s .
Parliament is an underground railway station in the suburban train network of Melbourne , Australia .
A large number of Orphic graffiti unearthed in Olbia seems to testify that the colony was one major point of contact .
Year 7 ( VII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In 2004 , Jones formed a group - Body Head Bangerz and released an album . The album , Body Head Bangerz : Volume One , featured B.G. , Juvenile , Bun B of UGK , Petey Pablo , Lil ' Flip , and Mike Jones among others .
In an essay written when he left school , he noted that he would have enjoyed becoming a teacher , but he would only have been qualified to teach languages or the natural sciences , which were not his primary areas of interest .
This contains the alkene functional group and can now dimerize with another isobutene to give iso-octene , which is then catalytically hydrogenated to iso-octane using pressured hydrogen gas .
ISO 3166-2 : GB is the entry for the United Kingdom in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Esztergom had one of the oldest Jewish communities in Hungary .
The stratigraphy is extremely deep and layers of volcanic ash and stones allow radiometric dating of the embedded artifacts , mostly through potassium-argon dating and Argon- argon dating .
Rety is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The '' trusted zone '' generally includes the user 's local area network and can share resources such as files and printers , while the '' Internet zone '' includes everything not in the trusted zone .
Each Braille character or cell is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
Piracy in the Caribbean resulted from the groups of Europeans , mostly English , Dutch and French , who were marooned or shipwrecked off the coast of Hispaniola .
Animation and further Cartoon Network projects were handled by Cartoon Network Studios .
Mean time to data loss of a given RAID may be higher or lower than that of its constituent hard drives , depending upon what type of RAID is employed .
ISBN 0-300-05577-3 Examples Follies are found world-wide , but they are particularly abundant in Great Britain .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of 37.6 square miles ( 97.3 km ) , of which , 37.5 square miles ( 97.0 km ) of it is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.3 km ) of it ( 0.29 % ) is water .
Domestic policy and the economy eventually emerged as the main themes in the last few months of the election campaign after the onset of the 2008 economic crisis .
The common ancestor of the two genera apparently lived 35-40 million years ago , making the living forms stunning examples of convergent or parallel evolution .
The nearby town of Benalla was connected to the railway network in 1873 , which reduced traffic through the Greta district , and it became principally a farming community .
For a six string guitar in the very largest chord-voicings it may be necessary to drop or omit one or more tones from the chord ; this is typically the root or fifth .
A relational database matches data by using common characteristics found within the data set .
He currently works at Microsoft Research in Cambridge , England .
For previous versions of Microsoft Windows , updates can be downloaded from the Windows Update website , using Internet Explorer .
Carr currently lives in North London with his girlfriend , Karoline Copping , a commissioning editor for Five , whom he has been with since 2001 .
In November 1991 , U2 released Achtung Baby .
They were introduced in December 1963 in the second Doctor Who serial , colloquially known as The Daleks .
March 2 , 1994 16 Schlepped Away After everyone decides to go on a holiday to the Caribbean , they make a quick stop at Sylvia 's , only to find they must stay there due to a strong blizzard .
Almond ( town ) , New York
Critics derided Malevich for reaching art by negating everything good and pure : love of life and love of nature .
History Indre-et-Loire is one of the original 83 départements created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790 .
This result is often referred to as the Euclid-Euler Theorem .
With over 16,000 inhabitants , it is one of the larger towns of the canton of Solothurn .
Winners : 1935 , 1939 , 1962 , 2007
He caused an international sensation in 1931 with his portrayal of a serial killer who preys on little girls in the German film M. Later he became a popular featured player in Hollywood crime films and mysteries , notably alongside Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greenstreet , and as the star of the successful Mr. Moto detective series .
See Roman Britain for the history of this subsequent period .
Wilhelm Keitel G G G G Death Head of Oberkommando der Wehrmacht ( OKW ) 1938-1945 .
Jack Powell ( Charles '' Buddy '' Rogers ) and David Armstrong ( Richard Arlen ) are rivals in the same small American town , both vying for the attentions of pretty Sylvia Lewis ( Jobyna Ralston ) .
Campagna is a small town and comune of the province of Salerno , in the Campania region of Southern Italy .
The region soon became known as the nation 's '' breadbasket '' .
Brooklyn , New York , U.S.
Mils 9651 Finland , 1996 LP Concerto for trumpet and orchestra .
Heathers brought director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature .
Company history Beginnings A&M Records was formed in 1962 by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
A nor'easter ( also northeaster ; see below ) is a kind of macro-scale storm along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada .
Arad County has 1 municipality , 9 towns and 68 communes with approximately 180 villages .
The word comes from Spanish caldera , and this from Latin CALDARIA , meaning '' cooking pot '' . In some texts the English term cauldron is also used .
Demographic analysis can be applied to whole societies or to groups defined by criteria such as education , nationality , religion and ethnicity . Institutionally , demography is usually considered a field of sociology , though there are a number of independent demography departments .
The album has gone two times platinum in Canada , selling over 200,000 units .
Achillea millefolium or yarrow is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to the Northern Hemisphere .
The Santee River is a river in South Carolina in the United States , long .
Isabella was sent to school in Heidelberg , Germany , for two years where she became an accomplished pianist and afterwards returned to Epsom .
Fred Griffith was born in Hale , Cheshire county , England , in about 1879 ( exact year uncertain ) , and attended Liverpool University where he studied genetics .
Gateshead town center and Newcastle City Centre are joined by seven different bridges across the Tyne , including the landmark Gateshead Millennium Bridge .
Among the most notable political changes included the abolition of serfdom and the crystallization of kingdoms into nation-states .
It was two large volumes at 1,360 pages in length , which presented an overview of Myers ' research into the unconscious mind .
For quicker changes in dynamics , molto cresc .
He is trained in freestyle wrestling , rugby , football , sambo , kickboxing , judo , and mixed martial arts .
In contrast to the Doctor , Jack is a man of action , more willing to see the hands-on solution to the problem at hand .
There are two ways to combine the many disparate protocols : One way is to combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM client application .
Their second award was claimed on SBS 's Inkigayo on July 12 , 2009 , and their third on the 16th on the same show .
Tiles are most often made from porcelain , fired clay or ceramic with a hard glaze , but other materials are also commonly used , such as glass , metal , cork , and stone .
This project beautified the city , exhibited its glory , and gave work to the people .
Y. pestis was discovered in 1894 by Alexandre Yersin , a Swiss\/French physician and bacteriologist from the Pasteur Institute , during an epidemic of plague in Hong Kong .
In 2009 , he played Andre in the Disney Channel Original Movie Dadnapped .
Although it considered easy to keep Echidnas healthy in captivity , breeding is difficult , partly due to the relatively infrequent cycle .
Because it requires huge instrumental and vocal forces it is frequently called the '' Symphony of a Thousand '' , although the work is usually performed nowadays with far fewer than a thousand , and Mahler himself did not sanction the name .
Geopolitics of the World System ( ISBN 0847699072 ) all of Panama -- including the segment east of the Panama Canal in the isthmus -- is typically included in North America alone '' Americas '' Standard Country and Area Codes Classifications ( M49 ) , United Nations Statistics Division '' North America '' Atlas of CanadaNorth America Atlas National Geographic and among the countries of Central America .
The 1992 re-issue was digitally restored by cleaning and removing scratches from the original negatives one frame at a time , eliminating soundtrack distortions , and revitalizing the color .
Hoboken became the major point of embarkation and more than three million soldiers , known as '' doughboys '' , passed through the city . Their hope for an early return led to General Pershing 's slogan , '' Heaven , Hell or Hoboken ... by Christmas . ''
They are concentrated in the Dutch provinces of Friesland and Groningen and , in Germany , East Frisia and North FrisiaInterfriesischer Rat \/O/ Ynterfryske Rie - Start .
The sculpture was made from the same weathering steel ( also known as Cor-Ten ) as the Angel of the North sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
KVIrc is able to connect to several servers at the same time ( optionally with SSL and\/or over IPv6 ) .
Camellias in popular culture The Japanese Camellia ( C. japonica ) is the state flower of Alabama as well as the city flower of Sacramento , California , Newberg , Oregon , Slidell , Louisiana , the Chinese municipality Chongqing and of Matsue City in Shimane Prefecture , Japan .
Laramie is the county seat of Albany County and houses county offices , courts , and the county library .
Vincent of Beauvais completes his proto-encyclopedic work , The Greater Mirror .
The maximum depth is approximately 400 feet .
January 23 WWII : British forces capture Tripoli from the Italians .
Since 2000 , the competition has been the most popular television program in Sweden ; it is also broadcast on radio and the Internet .
Bamako is the nation 's administrative center as well as a cercle , with a river port located in nearby Koulikoro , and a major regional trade and conference center .
Mauve is more gray and more blue than a pale tint of magenta would be .
Solar Thermal Projects Under Review or Announced In developing countries , three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt , Mexico , and Morocco have been approved .
Tropical Depression Seven of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season was a weak tropical depression that formed off the northeast Florida coast .
While a few short-lived DOS based EDuke projects emerged , it was not until the release of EDuke32 , an extended version of Duke3D incorporating variants of both Fowler 's Microsoft Windows JFDuke3D code and Saettler 's EDuke code , by one of 3D Realms ' forum moderators in late 2004 that EDuke 's scripting extensions received community focus .
moved into Enterprises former timeslot in the United States .
April 6 -- ( Good Friday ) Crucifixion of Jesus ( according to one dating scheme ) .
Somerset CC South Somerset , Taunton Deane , West Somerset , Sedgemoor , Mendip 3 .
Both the imperial and United States customary systems of measurement derive from earlier English systems developed in England since the Battle of Hastings in 1066 .
May May 1 -- A Soviet missile shoots down an American Lockheed U2 spy plane ; the pilot Francis Gary Powers is captured .
A businessperson ( also businessman or businesswoman ) is someone who is employed at usually a profit-oriented enterprise , or more specifically , someone who is involved in the management ( at any level ) of a company , or even an entrepreneur .
other building plans which cover more than one local authority 's area
Few photos exist of him , none of them official , and a picture used in 2002 by many media outlets , has since been established to be another Taliban official .
Philosophical skepticism originated in ancient Greek philosophy .
Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was , historically , a student activist movement in the United States that was one of the main iconic representations of the country 's New Left .
Pre-history of the noble savage During the seventeenth century , as an aspect of Romantic '' Primitivism '' , the figure of the '' good savage '' was held up as a reproach to European civilization , then in the throes of savage wars of religion .
Ahmad Y Hassan , Donald Routledge Hill ( 1986 ) .
Bathynomus giganteus , the species upon which the generitype is based , is the largest known isopod and is the one most often referred to by the common name '' giant isopod '' .
Kwok then performed in music videos and variety shows for other singers .
Howard Dwaine '' Howie '' Dorough ( born August 22 , 1973 ) is an American musician and the oldest member of the Backstreet Boys since Kevin Richardson left in 2006 .
The Hershey -- Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Avery -- MacLeod -- McCarty experiment .
Materpiscis ( from the Latin meaning '' mother fish '' ) is a genus of pyctodontid placoderm drom the Late Devonian from 380 million years old .
Vermelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Thus his failure to investigate maintains plausible deniability . '' ... the U.S. government may at times require a certain deniability .
Sourness Sourness is the taste that detects acidity .
At the age of three , she was left an orphan after her mothers death and adopted by the widow of her alleged biological father , Benjamin Sandel .
Cottun ( pro .
Indo-European tribes such as the Phrygians , Thracians , Macedonians and Dorian Greeks seem to have arrived at this time - possibly from the north .
After 6 to 12 hours , severe hyperkalemia , also the result of muscle breakdown , can lead to cardiac arrest .
From the Ideen onward , Husserl concentrated on the ideal , essential structures of consciousness .
Port 0 is reserved , but is a permissible source port value if the sending process does not expect messages in response .
Included in the Standard Works are the Bible , the Book of Mormon , the Doctrine and Covenants , and the Pearl of Great Price .
The area around today 's ilina was inhabited in the late Stone Age ( around 20 000 BC ) .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
After high school Fauset graduated from Cornell University in 1905 , and is believed to be the second black woman elected to Phi Beta Kappa .
Chinese Rock had its origins in Northwest Wind ( , xibeifeng ) style of music , which emerged as a main genre in Mainland ChinaGarofalo , Reebee .
Wiley 's Well is also a highly popular rockhounding site , beginning in the 1930s with the discovery of geode beds .
A performance , in performing arts , generally comprises an event in which one group of people ( the performer or performers ) behave in a particular way for another group of people . ( the audience ) .
Poland and Lithuania are united in the Union of Lublin , forming the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
This posthumous name literally means '' filial manifestation '' .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 6.9 km ( 2.7 mi ) .
At the conclusion of the 2005 season , the Pittsburgh Steelers had the best record of any team in the National Football League since Cowher was hired as head coach .
Chris Leslie ( L )
Human civilization is divided into four nations : the Water Tribe , the Earth Kingdom , the Fire Nation , and the Air Nomads .
D.
The most familiar fossils of the Solnhofen Plattenkalk include the early bird Archaeopteryx preserved in such detail that they are among the most famous and most beautiful fossils in the world .
They were married on August 16 , 2008 at their home , with 19 guests including their respective mothers .
The city was incorporated on August 7 , 1905 .
A lymphocyte is a type of white blood cell in the vertebrate immune system .
Candlemass are an influential Swedish doom metal band established in 1984 by Leif Edling ( bass ) , their leader and songwriter .
The video for Welcome to the Black Parade , directed by Sam Bayer portrays the events of the entire story , starring all it 's characters , including Mother War , who is primarily involved in the song Mama .
After 9 months , they were asked to leave Christiania .
Manchester City Football Club is an English Premier League football club who play at the City of Manchester Stadium .
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
He received his first major main event push towards the end of 2007 , including challenging for the WWE Championship at the Royal Rumble in 2008 , and eventually won the WWE Championship at the Armageddon pay-per-view in December 2008 .
Most technetium produced on Earth is a by-product of fission of uranium-235 in nuclear reactors and is extracted from nuclear fuel rods .
The Ark features in the traditions of a number of Abrahamic religions , including Judaism , Christianity , Islam , and others .
Congregants pray in rows parallel to the qiblah wall and thus arrange themselves so they face Mecca .
North Carolina borders South Carolina on the south , Georgia on the southwest , Tennessee on the west , Virginia on the north , and the Atlantic Ocean on the east .
The film was released in the United States on July 8 , 2005 .
Iron Man is a fictional character , a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Although most people without CF have two working copies ( alleles ) of the CFTR gene , only one is needed to prevent cystic fibrosis .
Elegance is the attribute of being unusually effective and simple .
Whisenhunt credited the Steelers ' players and staff with the win , but cited penalties as a contributing factor to Arizona 's loss .
Wierre-Effroy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The economy of Santa Fe de Antioquia is based on agriculture : the main products are coffee , maize and beans .
Golda Meir ( , Golda Meir Center ( Reference on name pronunciation ) , born Golda Mabovitch , 3 May 1898 -- 8 December 1978 , known as Golda Meyerson from 1917 -- 56 ) was the fourth prime minister of the State of Israel .
Hitchcock , H. Wiley , and Perlis , Vivian , editors .
The name also refers to the open source software he designed that uses it , and the peer-to-peer network that it forms .
Outside of academia , Tobin was widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the '' Tobin tax '' .
Bouquehault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Events The First Council of the Lateran confirms the Concordat of Worms and demands that priests remain celibate .
Unlike Mab and Perdita , Uranian satellites also discovered in 2003 , it does not seem to be perturbed .
Initially published in 1930 in the United States as Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine , it has undergone several name changes , primarily to Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938 , and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960 .
These are sub-divided into lighter-hued zones and darker belts .
However , enzymes do differ from most other catalysts by being much more specific .
In this case the ovary is called superior . This corresponds to the term hypogynous , used to describe a flower with a fully superior ovary .
Originally , the majority of the population consisted of '' Candango '' workers from other states who built the capital and federal government employees who were transferred to the new capital .
On June 2 , 1986 , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft , but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati , opting instead to enroll at Mississippi State where he developed as a pitcher .
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
North America Kiowa Apache In the beginning nothing existed , only darkness was everywhere .
This examination is only offered during the fall season , and the results are available by December .
Elizabeth ` Eliza ' Acton ( 17 April 1799 - 13 February 1859 ) was an English poet and cook who produced one of the country 's first cookbooks aimed at the domestic reader rather than the professional cook or chef , Modern Cookery for Private Families .
At the top of the spike are a number of much larger , sterile bracts ( no flowers between them ) , 10 -- 50 mm long and bright lavender purple ( rarely white ) .
Mario David ( March 13 , 1934 - July 26 , 2005 ) was an Italian football player and coach .
Moisture from the remnants of Ana also produced beneficial rainfall in the United Kingdom .
Brigham Young University ( BYU ) , located in Provo , Utah , United States , is a private , coeducational research university owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS or Mormon Church ) .
Demography The District contained one town , Jacobabad and 390 villages , according to the 1872 census it has a population of 115,050 , in 1881 145,180 .
It is straightforward to show that the last digit of any even perfect number must be 6 or 8 .
The two administratively independent unitary authorities , which were established on 1 April 1996 following the break up of the county of Avon , are North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset .
Most aftershocks are located over the full area of fault rupture and either occur along the fault plane itself or along other faults within the volume affected by the strain associated with the main shock .
This event exposed the graphite moderator components of the reactor to air and they ignited ; the resulting fire sent a plume of radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and over an extensive area , including Pripyat .
They feel the risks do not outweight the benefits of GE .
Tokyo , Japan
Their flowers are usually large and conspicuous , one to 12 cm in diameter , with five to nine petals in naturally occurring species of camellias .
Some of the soldiers committed seppuku or simply blew themselves up with hand grenades .
WIKIPEDIA DOES NOT GIVE LEGAL OPINIONS Wikipedia contains articles on many legal topics ; however , no warranty whatsoever is made that any of the articles are accurate .
Mosquitoes go through four stages in their life cycle : egg , larva , pupa , and adult or imago .
It is the capital of the Gard department .
Just a year later , on 31 May 2010 , he resigned from his office in a controversy over his comment on the role of the German Bundeswehr in light of a visit to the troops in Afghanistan .
The abbey is a shrine to Saint Edmund , the Saxon King of the East Angles .
The archive contains more than 50,000 fiction films , over 100,000 non-fiction titles and around 625,000 television programs .
Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2010 at several recording studios and was handled by various record producers , including Alex da Kid , Just Blaze , Boi-1da , Jim Jonsin , DJ Khalil , and Dr. Dre .
Wales has been married twice , and has one child .
Craig Claiborne , in September 1967 , wrote a column in The New York Times Magazine about a letter he had received from Edward P. Montgomery , an American then residing in France .
In the Autumn of 1968 he returned to France , where he published L'archéologie du savoir ( The Archaeology of Knowledge ) -- a methodological response to his critics -- in 1969 .
The surviving RAF Dam Busters return .
The distribution of this random number is a binomial distribution with n = 10 and p = 1\/6 .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
Its official name is Regione Autonoma Siciliana ( English : Sicilian Autonomous Region ) .
Moreover , because of this property , synchronous stream ciphers are very susceptible to active attacks - if an attacker can change a digit in the ciphertext , he might be able to make predictable changes to the corresponding plaintext bit ; for example , flipping a bit in the ciphertext causes the same bit to be flipped in the plaintext .
Super OS ( formerly : Super Ubuntu ) is a freely-available Linux distribution .
It won video game awards , and received positive comments from the gaming press , that focused on elements of the single-player mode .
Timothy McVeigh was later sentenced to death and executed by lethal injection , while his partner , Terry Nichols , was convicted of 161 counts of first degree murder and received life in prison without the possibility of parole .
Robinson 's Hollywood exploits , however , did not sit well with Dodgers co-owner Walter O'Malley , who referred to Robinson as '' Rickey 's prima donna '' .
Sibiu ( ; ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in the historical region Transylvania , with the capital city Sibiu .
Urolagnia is sometimes associated with omorashi , though in Western culture , omorashi is typically distinguished from urolagnia , with terms such as bladder desperation or panty wetting .
It is based in the Peace Palace in The Hague , Netherlands .
Malloué is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Private life Rau was known as a practising Christian ( and sometimes titled , '' Brother John '' , to ridicule his intense Christian position ; however , he sometimes used this term himself ) .
Johor has a tropical rainforest climate with monsoon rain from November until February blowing from the South China Sea .
Hamois is a Walloon municipality and village located in the Belgian province of Namur .
On May 16 1868 the foundation stone was laid , and in November the foundations were completed .
According to the 1998 census , the total population of the district stands at 297,000 , while its population according to 1999 projections is approximately 303,000 .
The flag is sinister hoisted , meaning that the obverse side ( front ) has the hoist side ( flagpole side ) to the right .
Preures is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed and co-written by Christopher Nolan .
Orton then tried to perform an RKO on Cena , but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Triple H then started targeting Orton 's legs and using some submissions on him .
This included purchasing the Disneyland Hotel from the Wrather company as well as the Pan Pacific Hotel from its Japanese owners ; Disney re-branded the latter as the Disneyland Pacific Hotel .
The C and D versions would also come .
'' Population , Housing Units , Area , and Density : 2000 '' , United States Census Bureau , accessed May 11 , 2007 .
The Province of Verona ( Provincia di Verona ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
The Albania national association football team is the national association football team of Albania and is controlled by the Football Association of Albania .
The Premier of Victoria is the leader of the government in the Australian state of Victoria .
Lou Costello ( March 6 , 1906 -- March 3 , 1959 ) was an American actor and comedian best known as half of the comedy team of Abbott and Costello , with Bud Abbott .
David Patrick Jauss ( born January 16 , 1957 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a baseball coach who is currently the bench coach for the New York Mets , wearing number 56 .
The Law of Three Stages is an idea developed by Auguste Comte .
The Pontiac Firebird was built by the Pontiac division of General Motors between 1967 and 2002 .
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color and , in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
It was named in honor of Conn Smythe . It is the fore-runner of the NHL 's Northwest Division and NHL 's Pacific Division .
A musician who plays the oboe is called an oboist .
Rehearsing and performing Morse 's compositions at the University of Miami brought some attention to his credibility as a composer and player .
Our own Sun is in fact white , but appears yellow through the Earth 's atmosphere due to Rayleigh scattering .
It was the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the season , making the 2005 season the first to record so many storms .
Losing her temper , she destroyed Arachne 's tapestry and loom , striking it with her shuttle , and struck Arachne on the head as well , slashing her face .
Yellow Avens ( Geum aleppicum ) is a flowering plant native to most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere , from eastern Europe across Asia and North America .
The title track became a # 1 single and was certified platinum for reaching over one million sales .
The song A rock song in contrast to '' ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' , it peaked at # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Prince 's '' Cream '' .
One of them was for the fledgling WB Network show Dawson 's Creek . Van Der Beek won the title role of '' Dawson Leery , '' and the show 's 1998 debut was a success that helped to establish the network and its cast , which included Katie Holmes , Michelle Williams , and Joshua Jackson .
This did not occur , and Tropical Storm Delta began to move to the northeast .
Independence In 1838 Juan Pablo Duarte founded a secret society called La Trinitaria , which sought the complete independence of Santo Domingo without any foreign intervention .
It was created in 1866 when Prussia annexed the area to form the new province Hesse-Nassau .
Edward Gough Whitlam , AC , QC ( born 11 July 1916 ) , known as Gough Whitlam , served as the 21st Prime Minister of Australia .
Piper Street has the oldest streetscape of these main streets , and still has many of its original buildings .
The 1950 -- 1965 Pacific hurricane seasons all began on May 15 , 1950-65 in the northeast Pacific Ocean and on June 1 , 1950-65 in the central Pacific .
At the center of this time period is Classical Greece , which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC , at first under Athenian leadership successfully repelling the military threat of Persian invasion .
Oxford : Blackwell , 1986 .
In particle physics , proton decay is a hypothetical form of radioactive decay in which the proton decays into lighter subatomic particles , such as a neutral pion and a positron . There is currently no experimental evidence that proton decay occurs .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
The underside of the wings is also dark brown with a postmedian band made up of squarish spots .
The Singapore government recognizes four official languages : English , Malay , Chinese ( Mandarin ) , and Tamil .
The municipality comprises the villages of Sint-Katherina-Lombeek , Ternat proper and Wambeek .
attic - Synonyms from Thesaurus.com As attics fill the space between the ceiling of the top floor of a building and the slanted roof , they are known for being awkwardly shaped spaces with exposed rafters and difficult-to-access corners .
Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary , which is part of the jaw .
While it is responsible for overseeing the process of writing a platform every four years , the DNC 's central focus is on campaign and political activity in support of Democratic Party candidates , and not on public policy .
ISBN 1-85437-513-X Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists , while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
Marsh went behind Cope 's back and made a private agreement with Vorhees : any fossils that Vorhees 's men found were sent back to Marsh at New Haven .
The first to launch , Columbia , did so on April 12 , 1981 .
Thrust is a reaction force described quantitatively by Newton 's second and third laws .
Adams has been nominated ten times and has received one award .
Molly Hatchet is an American southern rock band formed in Jacksonville , Florida , in 1975 .
However Wandsworth 's suggestion of merging Lambeth with the Metropolitan Borough of Battersea was rejected by both of the councils involved .
Around the tiny singularity , there is a large area from which no light can escape .
Donald McLean , Jr. ( born October 2 , 1945 , New Rochelle , New York ) is an American singer-songwriter .
The resin also includes codeine and non-narcotic alkaloids , such as papaverine , thebaine and noscapine .
Frieza 's design is an amalgamation of what Toriyama thought monsters looked like in his childhood .
In addition , there is a device which detects whether the elevator is descending faster than its maximum designed speed ; if this happens , the device causes copper brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft , stopping the elevator quickly , but not so abruptly as to cause injury .
An angle was created between James and Melina , beginning on January 29 , 2007 , when Melina became the number one contender for the Women 's Title .
Voeren ( Fourons in French ) is a Flemish municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Mary Jane Taber (/O1905/O) , The cathedrals of England : an account of some of their distinguishing characteristics , p. 100 The central spire collapsed in 1549 and was not rebuilt .
'' Timor '' derives from timur , the word for '' east '' in Indonesian and Malay ( hence the Indonesian Timor Timur ) which became Timor in Portuguese and entered English as Portuguese Timor .
IRC Server Request FAQ It is distinct from an IRC bot that connects outbound to an IRC channel .
Earthsea is a fictional realm originally created by Ursula K. Le Guin for her short story '' The Word of Unbinding '' , published in 1964 .
For example , is a radioactive form of carbon while and are stable isotopes .
Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
The Four Horsemen were a professional wrestling stable in the National Wrestling Alliance and later World Championship Wrestling that was disbanded in 1999 .
Richard Henry Blood ( Born February 28 , 1953 ) , better known by his ring name Ricky '' The Dragon '' Steamboat , is an American professional wrestler who is one of the most well-known professional wrestlers of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Economy In the nineteenth century the island was famous for its anchovies .
The majority of Scottish members , after forming the Scottish Socialist Party , left the Committee for a Workers ' International ( CWI -- the international socialist organisation which the Socialist Party is affiliated to ) in early 2001 as the Scottish majority moved away from traditional Trotskyist politics .
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh and town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately 16 m north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and is served by Inverurie railway station on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line .
Hubbard 's presence still pervades Scientology .
American instant hot cocoa powder often includes powdered milk or other dairy ingredients so it can be made without using milk .
$ 1 warn-summary-2 : Level 2 warning re .
The total area is 26.78 km which gives a population density of 194 inhabitants per km .
After graduating from Astronaut High School in 1993 , Tosh attended the University of Central Florida , graduating in December 1996 with a degree in marketing .
Use of a four wheel drive vehicle is recommended to traverse the trail and no amenities may be found on the trail itself .
On Silk & Soul ( 1967 ) , she recorded Billy Taylor 's '' I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free '' and '' Turning Point '' .
The film stars Natalie Portman as Evey Hammond , Hugo Weaving as V , Stephen Rea as Inspector Finch and John Hurt as Chancellor Sutler .
Additionally , the Blue Jay has a bad reputation for raiding other birds ' nests , stealing eggs , chicks , and nests .
The trachea ( windpipe ) divides into two main bronchi ( also mainstem bronchi ) , the left and the right , at the level of the sternal angle at the anatomical point known as the carina .
Claudio Sala ( born 8 September 1947 in Macherio , Lombardy ) is an former Italian association football player and current commentator .
Overview In 1932 Sheikh Abdullah formed Kashmir 's first political party , the All Jammu & Kashmir Muslim Conference , with a demand for merger of Kashmir into India .
In Split Personalities it is revealed that the Mask always wanted to give Stanley a wedgy ( he even manages to give him a '' half-wedgy '' ) .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Junker was a paramilitary Nazi rank that was used by the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) between the years of 1933 and 1945 .
Vice Admiral Horatio Nelson , 1st Viscount Nelson , 1st Duke of Bronté , KB ( 29 September 1758 -- 21 October 1805 ) was an English flag officer famous for his service in the Royal Navy , particularly during the Napoleonic Wars .
These amino acids and small peptides could be encouraged to form closed spherical membranes , called protenoid microspheres , which show many of the basic characteristics of ` life ' .
Neotomines are related to the other two subfamilies of mice in the New World , Sigmodontinae and Tylomyinae .
Glen Hansard ( born 21 April 1970 in Dublin , Ireland ) is the Academy Award- winning principal songwriter and vocalist\/guitarist for Irish group The Frames and one half of folk rock duo , The Swell Season .
Although Lennon denied this , the BBC banned the song .
The Capitol building is marked by its central dome above a rotunda and two wings , one for each chamber of Congress : the north wing is the Senate chamber and the south wing is the House of Representatives chamber .
Storms of My Grandchildren is climate scientist James Hansen 's first book , published by Bloomsbury Press in 2009 .
From to the present , the Royals have played in Kauffman Stadium .
Finance is used by individuals ( personal finance ) , by governments ( public finance ) , by businesses ( corporate finance ) , as well as by a wide variety of organizations including schools and non-profit organizations .
Premalignant lesion is a morphologically altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its apparently normal counterpart .
After his discharge , he moved to New York , working in several minor jobs .
They are called '' shorts '' because they are a shortened version of trousers , which cover the entire leg .
Only logged-in users can create writeups , and only the author of a writeup or an editor appointed by the site administrators can edit a writeup .
Independent Music Awards - Past Judges In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
Urban planning or development
The first inhabitants of the archipelago arrived around 33,000 years ago from New Guinea , either by boats across the Bismarck Sea or via a temporary land bridge , created by an uplift in the Earth 's crust .
Along with being a top-level professional , Grischuk is also known as one of the best blitz chess players in the world , having once held the record for highest rating achieved on the Internet Chess Club .
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature , and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions .
We have long been smarting under the conceit of America - we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen .
Inscriptions The main inscription would originally have been of bronze letters .
It was created by Damon Lindelof , J. J. Abrams and Jeffrey Lieber and is produced by ABC Studios , Bad Robot Productions and Grass Skirt Productions .
Violaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Raw , i.e. uncalibrated , radiocarbon ages are usually reported in radiocarbon years '' Before Present '' ( BP ) , '' Present '' being defined as 1950 CE .
Alternate leaves , a classification in botanical phyllotaxis
Ieyasu seized power in 1600 , received appointment as shogun in 1603 , abdicated from office in 1605 , but remained in power until his death in 1616 .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
He won another three PGA Tour events that year , and on June 15 , 1997 , in only his 42nd week as a professional , rose to number one in the Official World Golf Rankings , the fastest-ever ascent to world No. 1 .
His first band was the post-hardcore band Baxter , formed in 1995 along with future The Lawrence Arms drummer Neil Hennessy and future Killing Tree and Holy Roman Empire bassist Geoff Reu .
On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank ( Village Bank ) to make loans to poor Bangladeshis .
On an elliptical orbit , a body 's distance from the Sun varies over the course of its year .
and the verbs formed out of them using prefixes .
During 1916 , the Congress succeeded in establishing the Lucknow Pact , a temporary alliance with the All-India Muslim League .
Mu'izz ad-Din Malik Shah II 1105
Final release On October 24 , 2006 , Microsoft released the final version .
In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant , but was placed on half pay when the Seven Years War ended in 1763 .
The Tudor period of stability in the country saw the first of the large unfortified mansions .
Felix Mendelssohn , Johann Nepomuk Hummel , John Field , and Friedrich Kalkbrenner each wrote one piano concerto in A-flat ( Mendelssohn 's being for two pianos ) ; they had the horns and trumpet tuned to E-flat .
A Brazilian Grand Prix was first held at Interlagos in 1972 , although it was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
From 1986 to 2006 Arezzo was also home to an annual popular music and culture festival , each July , called Arezzo Wave .
Swindon play their home games at The County Ground which has a capacity of 14,700 .
Remains of Aepyornis adults and eggs have been found ; in some cases the eggs have a circumference of over 1 m and a length up to 34 c/O. The egg volume is about 160 times greater than a chicken egg .
He was also the first pick to serve as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security when it was created following the September 11 attacks , but he declined the appointment in order to remain President of Texas A&M University .
Many of technetium 's properties were predicted by Dmitri Mendeleev before the element was discovered .
He solved many problems created by Fermat and also discovered a taxicab number .
The Class 08 design was based on the LMS 12033 series ( later TOPS Class 11 ) design .
The United States Postal Service ( USPS ) is an independent agency of the United States government responsible for providing postal service in the United States .
Bernd Franke ( born 12 February 1948 ) is a former German football player .
The first film in the franchise was originally released on May 25 , 1977 , by 20th Century Fox , and became a worldwide pop culture phenomenon , followed by two sequels , released at three-year intervals .
Whoopi Goldberg ( ; born Caryn Elaine Johnson ; November 13 , 1955 ) is an American comedian , actor , singer-songwriter , political activist , and talk show host .
Upminster is a suburban town in northeast London , England , and part of the London Borough of Havering .
Dante Terrell Smith ( born December 11 , 1973 ) allmusic Biography is an American actor and MC known by the stage name Mos Def .
The town was granted a Royal Charter in 1450 , making the Town of Strathaven a burgh of barony .
Sir Syed Ahmed Khan launched a movement for Muslim regeneration that culminated in the founding in 1875 of the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College at Aligarh , Uttar Pradesh ( renamed Aligarh Muslim University in 1920 not in 1921 ) .
The neighborhood is very poor and ill-serviced , however , as of recently , small-scale construction has gone on in the area along with street renovations .
The album includes Girls Aloud 's first twelve singles from their three studio albums , two brand new singles ( '' Something Kinda Ooooh '' and '' I Think We 're Alone Now '' ) , and an additional new track entitled '' Money '' .
Leakey arranged funding and in 1962 sent Goodall , who had no degree , to Cambridge University where she obtained a Ph. . D degree in Ethology .
Bast was a goddess of the sun throughout most of Ancient Egyptian history , but later when she was changed into a cat goddess rather than a lion , she was changed to a goddess of the moon by Greeks occupying Ancient Egypt toward the end of its civilization .
It is known only from an opalised dentary fragment , with one premolar and two molars in situ .
Some famous people named Lars include :
January 1 & ndash ; Minimum date value for a datetime field in SQL Server due to it being the first full year after Britain adopted the Gregorian calendar .
Located on the banks of the River Yamuna , Delhi has been known to be continuously inhabited since at least the 6th century BC , though human habitation is believed to have existed since the second millennium BC .
The lake is also used for commercial fishing .
Valtteri Filppula ( born March 20 , 1984 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward , currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL .
There are 315 housing units at an average density of .
Shaw and Crompton railway station was used by passenger trains running between Rochdale and Manchester on the Oldham Loop Line .
Sophie Lee as Tracey Petropoulous ( née Kerrigan ) , the family 's only daughter , a newlywed hair dresser
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra ( TSO ) is a Canadian orchestra based in Toronto , Ontario .
Face (/O1997/O) is a British crime drama directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett .
It has been proven that the car accident was not caused by the dispatcher , therefore ruling out suicide .
Loans have become increasingly packaged for resale , meaning that an investor buys the loan ( debt ) from a bank or directly from a corporation .
The British Royal Air Force flew the B-29 , named the Washington in RAF service , and the Soviet Union produced an unlicensed copy as the Tupolev Tu-4 .
Born in Augusta , New York , William Miller graduated from Hamilton College in 1861 .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
List of Career Achievements As of 2009 , Ronstadt has earned her three No. 1 albums , 10 Top 10 pop albums and 36 charting pop albums on the Billboard 200 Pop Album Charts .
In other words , '' the disciple must remain prepared for his Lord 's coming , remaining alert and awake at his post . ''
Babbage 's father , Benjamin Babbage , was a banking partner of the Praeds who owned the Bitton Estate in Teignmouth .
'' Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' was also nominated for '' Outstanding Editing in a Miniseries or Special '' , while '' The Call of the Simpsons '' was nominated for '' Outstanding Individual Achievement in Sound Mixing for a Comedy Series or a Special '' .
Telluride Bluegrass Festival is held annually in Telluride , Colorado by Planet Bluegrass .
Another automobile accident fatality took place in Okmulgee County but it is unclear if the event was storm-related .
Due to its increased use since the inception of the new judging system , the 51st International Skating Union Congress passed a resolution that places a limit on the number of times that a Biellmann position may be used in a skating program .
Smaller shopping centres include the Sandhurst Shopping Centre ( anchored by Coles Supermarket ) in Cranbourne West , and the planned Hunt Club Shopping Centre development .
Tenakee Springs is served by the Tenakee Seaplane Base and Alaska Marine Highway .
The main problem of metric time lies in the units .
After several days , Florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and intensified into a hurricane on September 10 .
It is distinguished by its irregular shape , its chaotic rotation , and its unexplained sponge-like appearance .
Paul Birchall ( born October 8 , 1979 ) , better known by his ring name Paul Burchill , is an English professional wrestler .
Bartolo , still irked at Figaro for having facilitated the union of the Count and Rosina ( in The Barber of Seville ) , promises , in comical lawyer-speak , to help Marcellina ( aria : La vendetta -- '' Vengeance '' ) .
Ecuador ( ) , officially the Republic of Ecuador ( , ) , literally , '' Republic of the equator '' ) is a representative democratic republic in South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
The game was launched in North America in October 2008 for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 consoles , and a month later for Europe and Australia .
Benalla railway station is on the North East railway line and is served by VLine services between Melbourne and Albury as well as a twice daily Countrylink XPT service to and from Sydney .
Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms in an attempt to maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems .
Mediterranean Monk Seal , Monachus monachus
Born into a lower middle-class Muslim family in the Gamaleyya quarter of Cairo , Mahfouz was named after Professor Naguib Pasha Mahfouz ( 1882 - 1974 ) , the renowned Coptic physician who delivered him .
In a 2003 interview with Lesbian News magazine , she said that she had come to see Xena and Gabrielle 's relationship as gay after viewing the series finale , though she has also stated on several occasions that she was undecided on the nature of the relationship while playing the role .
Charles Hirsch '' Chuck '' Barris ( born 3 June 1929 ) is an American game show producer and presenter who was responsible for many of the best known game shows of the 1960s and 1970s .
The song was considered the 30th greatest guitar solo ever by Guitar World Magazine readers and is one of his faster shred guitar style tracks .
The South Bay Expressway , a toll-road extension of state route 125 , opened November 19 , 2007 , will connect freeways 805 and 905 with State Route 54 , officially connecting the areas closest to the border to areas of East County , as well as creating a link to Interstates 8 and SR 94 .
The Hundred Years ' War was a conflict between France and England lasting 116 years , from 1337 to 1453 .
He later held teaching posts at the Peabody Conservatory ( 1946 - 1948 ) , Columbia University , Queens College , New York ( 1955-56 ) , Yale University ( 1960-62 ) , Cornell University ( from 1967 ) and the Juilliard School ( from 1972 ) .
January 1 - Serbia is set to enter the European Union .
He then uses a computer virus to erase the program and dumps all of the DVDs and computer-related information into a trunk and throws it out to sea .
Richard Royce Schrock ( born 4 January 1945 ) is an American chemist and Nobel laureate recognized for his contributions to the metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry .
Points are awarded to the top 10 classified finishers .
David Edward Finlay , Jr.Gerweck Profile ( born January 31 , Official WWE Kids Profile 1958 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a professional wrestler and road agent .
Daisuke Oku ( born 7 February 1976 in Amagasaki , Hy go , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player who was capped 26 times and scored 2 goals for the Japanese national team .
Later , he became a writer , television director and storyboard artist for several Hanna-Barbera shows , including Dexter 's Laboratory , Johnny Bravo and Cow and Chicken .
Thomas Henry Huxley ( 1825-1895 ) , English biologist , known as '' Darwin 's Bulldog '' for his advocacy of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Thiéry is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In the paradox of Achilles and the Tortoise , Achilles is in a footrace with the tortoise . Achilles allows the tortoise a head start of 100 metres .
Submarines , tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air force was dissolved .
Reclus died at Torhout , near Bruges , Belgium .
The Markhor is officially the national animal of Pakistan .
Richard Kieckhefer (/O1989/O) .
A planetary ring is a ring of cosmic dust and other small particles orbiting around a planet in a flat disc-shaped region .
This phenomenon is known as the cremasteric reflex .
The caterpillar is similarly colored to the adult , and may be found feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry .
Sesame Street is well known for its Muppets characters created by Jim Henson .
In 1970 , Malakand Division was formed from the princely states of Chitral , Dir and Swat ( incorporated into West Pakistan in 1969 ) and an area around the Malakand Fort known as the Malakand Protected Area .
In 1941 the two companies merged forming today 's Tokyo Metro Ginza Line .
Adventures in Odyssey ( AIO ) , or simply Odyssey , is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama\/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987 .
For other battles , see Battle of Kosovo ( disambiguation ) ; for the 1989 film depicting the battle , see Battle of Kosovo ( film )
Orange is a town in Juneau County , Wisconsin , United States .
Tin ( II ) iodide , also known as stannous iodide , is an ionic compound of tin and iodine with the formula SnI2 .
December 20 & ndash ; Pope Benedict XII succeeds Pope John XXII as the 197th pope .
The overall structure of the charted regions of the Solar System consists of the Sun , four relatively small inner planets surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids , and four gas giants surrounded by the outer Kuiper belt of icy objects .
However , true ginseng plants belong to the Panax genus .
Despite competition from formats such as 828 , 126 , 110 , and APS , it remains so today .
His son Kota is also a professional footballer .
Oliver Smithies ( born June 23 , 1925 ) is a British-born American geneticist and Nobel laureate , credited with the invention of gel electrophoresis in 1955 , and the simultaneous discovery , with Mario Capecchi and Martin Evans , of the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA , a much more reliable method of altering animal genomes than previously used , and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice .
St. Barths has a tidal difference of only 3 - 5 inches .
Brecht is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
French toast is a breakfast food served in North America and some countries in Europe .
$ 23 million of that was for picking up debris spread after Alicia .
The Chilean sea bass , Dissostichus eleginoides , more commonly known as the Patagonian toothfish , a member of the cod icefish family , Nototheniidae .
Lyrics Cornell on '' Fell on Black Days '' : '' Fell on Black Days '' was like this ongoing fear I 've had for years ... It 's a feeling that everyone gets .
He was the director of Antiquities in Egypt during the 19th century Who Was Who in Egyptology ... - Page 82 by Warren Royal Dawson , and excavated in Memphis and Dashur , providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids .
In particular , many patients diagnosed with unspecified eating disorders meet all criteria for diagnosis of anorexia nervosa except the requirement of three consecutive missed menstrual cycles .
Most of its industry was in the hands of German firms .
When the need to process visual information as rapidly as possible arises , for example in a train or aircraft crash , the visual system may operate only in shades of grey , with the extra information load in adding color being dropped .
These offspring have under developed posterior limbs ( the pes can be webbed ) , and following birth they migrate to the marsupium where they attach to a nipple .
The following is a list of characters from J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth legendarium .
The city was founded circa 1625 by King Andrianjaka and takes its name ( the City of the Thousand ) from the number of soldiers assigned to guard it .
Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Camp Nou ( , New Field ) , often erroneously called the Nou Camp in English , is a football stadium in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Another specialty , predominantly made in the western part of Grison , is Capuns a hearty meal of meat , cheese and salad leaves .
The title of Detroit Grand Prix was applied to the Formula One races held at the Detroit street circuit in Detroit , Michigan , United States of America from 1982 through 1988 .
Tibor made expeditions across the whole of south America , Asia and Africa .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County , Mississippi ( USA ) , about east of Biloxi .
The Ojibway aboriginal people in North America used cowry shells which they called sacred Miigis Shells or whiteshells in Midewiwin ceremonies , and the Whiteshell Provincial Park in Manitoba , Canada is named after this type of shell .
Michaelsberg Abbey or Michelsberg Abbey , also St. Michael 's Abbey , Bamberg ( or Michelsberg ) is a former Benedictine monastery in Bamberg in Bavaria , Germany .
The Maya civilization shares many features with other Mesoamerican civilizations due to the high degree of interaction and cultural diffusion that characterized the region .
Two years later , NASA opened the new Marshall Space Flight Center at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville , Alabama , and the ABMA development team led by von Braun was transferred to NASA .
The following season they retained the League title , won the European Cup for the first time , but lost in the FA Cup final , narrowly missing out on a treble .
By 1976 the TI-30 offered a scientific calculator for less than $ 25 .
current league = National League
The languages of the Caucasus are a large and extremely varied array of languages spoken by more than ten million people in and around the Caucasus Mountains , which lie between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea .
This shift is due to good flavor , better roasting characteristics and higher yields when compared to Spanish types leading to food manufacturers ' preference for use in peanut butter and salting .
In 1925 Pope Pius XI appointed him as Apostolic Visitor to Bulgaria , also naming him for consecration as titular bishop of Areopolis .
The first successful transverse-engine cars were the two-cylinder DKW '' Front '' series of cars , which first appeared in 1931 .
The commercial corridor along Riverside Drive ceased to exist , and the freeway served to effectively isolate Elysian Valley from other local communities , such as Echo Park and Silver Lake .
Radinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
At French Nationals , he won the bronze medal , qualifying him for the 2002 European Figure Skating Championships . There , he won the bronze medal , which earned him a spot on the 2002 Olympic team ; he was the youngest athlete representing France at the games and finished 14th .
The interior forms a depression that is only a few meters above sea level in the western part and is below sea level ( filled by the lagoon ) in the east central part .
Shortly before attaining tropical storm status , the watch in Texas was upgraded to a tropical storm warning .
The incorporation of West Germany into the organization on 9 May 1955 was described as '' a decisive turning point in the history of our continent '' by Halvard Lange , Foreign Minister of Norway at the time .
The Apia Urban Area has a population of 37,708 ( 2006 Census ) and is generally referred to as the City of Apia .
The Philadelphia Quakers did not rejoin the NHL after sitting out the 1931 -- 32 season .
Bob Dylan also penned , Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie as a later tribute song to Guthrie .
William Wright ( born January 20 , 1960 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American video game designer and co-founder of the game development company Maxis , now part of Electronic Arts .
It is quite large , containing about 200 & ndash ; 220 species that are native to warm-temperate , subtropical and tropical regions throughout the world .
Polliat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , signed to its SmackDown brand , where he is the reigning World Heavyweight Champion .
Bing ( formerly Live Search , Windows Live Search , and MSN Search ) is the current web search engine ( advertised as a '' decision engine '' ) from Microsoft .
Capitol Division ( 1967 -- 1969 )
The 1967 edition of the Dictionary of Jamaican English lists reggae as '' a recently estab .
Fallen sold more than 15 million copies worldwide and helped the band win two Grammy Awards . A year later , Evanescence released their first live album , Anywhere but Home , which sold more than one million copies worldwide .
But when Simon is hit by a stray bullet , River dives through the gap in the blast door , throws the medical kit back through and closes the door .
Ernst Heinrich Weber ( 1795 -- 1878 ) was one of the first people to approach the study of the human response to a physical stimulus in a quantitative fashion .
White matter is composed of bundles of myelinated nerve cell processes ( or axons ) , which connect various gray matter areas ( the locations of nerve cell bodies ) of the brain to each other , and carry nerve impulses between neurons . Myelin acts as an insulator , increasing the speed of transmission of all nerve signals .
Square ( regular tetragon or quadrilateral ) { 4 }
As of the 2000 census , the city had a population of 15,243 .
Like other corvids , they may learn to mimic human speech .
The gods covered them with snow and changed them into famous peaks in Mexico .
Prior to joining the Conservative Party , Grayling was a member of the Social Democratic Party , along with a number of other Cameron frontbenchers .
He is voiced by Hank Azaria and first appeared in the series premiere episode '' Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' .
Its capital and largest city is Novi Sad .
She was the last recognized surviving person documented as being born in 1894 , and the most recent person to celebrate a 115th birthday .
The photo would later win a Pulitzer Prize and become the model for the national USMC War Memorial .
He is also a former member of the Iran national football team and usually plays in the center back position .
The Stadium of Light is an all-seater football stadium in Sunderland , England .
Every fall the Santa Monica Chamber of Commerce hosts The Taste of Santa Monica on the Santa Monica Pier .
It was released in 2004 and debuted at number one in the UK albums chart , breaking the world record for the youngest ever band with a # 1 album , a record previously held by The Beatles .
Madeleine McCann disappeared on the evening of Thursday , 3 May 2007 while on holiday with her parents and twin siblings in the Algarve region of Portugal .
December 7 & ndash ; Algernon Sydney , English politician ( b. 1623 )
For example , his contemporary , Alexander Ross wrote : '' To question this ( i.e. , spontaneous generation ) is to question reason , sense and experience .
Paulo Antonio de Oliveira ( born 16 July 1982 ) , or simply Paulinho , is a Brazilian football striker who plays for Ventforet Kofu .
The History of Rubik 's Cube - Erno Rubik
As the sovereign 's representative in his or her county , the lord-lieutenant remains non-political and does not hold office in any political party .
Olivier Messiaen ( ; December 10 , 1908 -- April 27 , 1992 ) was a French composer , organist , and ornithologist .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
The quickly cooled lavas that make nearly ideal samples for K- Ar dating also preserve a record of the direction and intensity of the local magnetic field as the sample cooled past the Curie temperature of iron .
A sculptor , Domingo Taleru , secured him a pension to allow him to attend the Academy of Barcelona .
As an Italian language and culture for foreigners doctor , Abel Pardo is the author of the first works about contractive language between Leonese language and Italian , being the author of '' Linguistica Contrastiva Italiano-Leonese '' ( Contrastive Linguistic Italian-Leonese ) presented and approved in the University of Pavia Italy as a Laurea Tesis .
He gets there before Stuart 's men , but Stuart traps him in the cabin and throws grenades into the cockpit .
If there are dimensions to the thermodynamic space , then there are unique thermodynamic potentials .
An analog-to-digital converter ( ADC ) performs the reverse operation .
Despite there being twenty named systems , there were very few notable storms this year .
Nicotine replacement therapy helps to damp down the urges to smoke that most smokers have in the early days and weeks after quitting , rather than remove them totally .
Rector is a city in Clay County , Arkansas , United States .
John Brown ( May 9 , 1800 -- December 2 , 1859 ) was an American abolitionist , who advocated and practiced armed insurrection as a means to end all slavery .
Carey Means is an American voice actor best known for playing Frylock in the Adult Swim show Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
The University began operations in 1859 when the City of Manila turned over the Escuela Municipal de Manila , a public primary school in Intramuros , to Spanish Jesuits .
A player who performs a forbidden castling must return the king and the rook to their original places and then move the king , if there is another legal king move , including castling on the other side .
The order Cetacea ( , L. cetus , whale , from Greek ) includes the marine mammals commonly known as whales , dolphins , and porpoises .
In 1972 , Eddy Merckx set a record of 49.431 km ( 30.715 mi ) that stood for 12 years .
Austria was annexed to the German Third Reich on 12 March 1938 .
For his wartime services , he was one of only 27 men to be awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves , Swords and Diamonds .
Napalm 877 was used in flamethrowers and bombs by the U.S. and Allied forces , to increase effectiveness of flammable liquids .
Study skills , abilities and approaches applied to learning
Sainte-Marie-Laumont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 1000 AD , the Eastern Empire was at its height : Basileios II reconquered Bulgaria and Armenia , culture and trade flourished .
You Want It You Got It is Bryan Adams 's second solo album , and was released in 1981 ( see 1981 in music ) .
Australian Journal of Zoology 27:511 -- 515 The Echidna does not pant or sweat and normally seeks shelter in hot conditions .
Fopp is the second EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden , released in August 1988 through Sub Pop Records .
Pakistan has an embassy situated in Pyongyang while North Korea maintains an embassy in Islamabad and a consulate in Karachi and other cities of Pakistan .
She sang Boswell 's '' Judy '' and '' The Object of My Affection , '' a song recorded by the Boswell Sisters , and won the first prize of US$ 25.00 .
She debuted with Takkyu shoujo in 1999 .
The Philadelphia Inquirer was founded as The Pennsylvania Inquirer by printer John R. Walker and John Norvell , former editor of Philadelphia 's largest newspaper , the Aurora & Gazette .
Peppered moth evolution is often used by educators as an example of natural selection .
SDS was the organizational high point for student radicalism in the United States and has been an important influence on student organizing in the decades since its collapse .
It has about 1600 inhabitants and lies in the Leventina valley , which descends from the St. Gotthard mountain range .
The Victorian era was the period of Queen Victoria 's rule between 1837 and 1901 which signified the height of the British Industrial Revolution and the apex of the British Empire .
In the second book , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets , Rowling pits Harry against Tom Marvolo Riddle , Lord Voldemort 's '' memory '' within a secret diary which has possessed Ron 's younger sister Ginny Weasley .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
Cha Bum-Kun ( born 22 May 1953 in Hwaseong , South Korea ) is a South Korean football manager and former player , nicknamed Tscha Bum in Germany ( '' Cha Boom '' ) because of his name and his thunderous ball striking ability .
'' Spy Hard '' is a song by '' Weird Al '' Yankovic used as the theme song to the film of the same name .
lim _ { h to 0 } { f ( a + h ) - f ( a ) - f ' ( a ) cdot h over h } = 0 ,
Pensacola Christian College ( PCC ) is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent BaptistSoulforce Information on PCCPCC 's Articles of Faith college in Pensacola , Florida , USA , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
There is a clear overlap between biological warfare and chemical warfare , as the use of toxins produced by living organisms is considered under the provisions of both the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention and the Chemical Weapons Convention .
Born in Thunder Bay , Ontario of Russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan , and attended McGill University , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a Ph. D. in physical chemistry .
In the early 18th century , many Amish and Mennonites immigrated to Pennsylvania for a variety of reasons .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
Early years and establishment of Norfolk Island settlement King was born at Launceston , Cornwall , England and joined the Royal Navy at the age of 12 as captain 's servant , and was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1778 .
Since his youth , he had been fond of woodcraft and military scouting , and -- as part of their training -- showed his men how to survive in the wilderness .
British territory was enlarged in the Second Anglo-Maratha War which ended in 1803 .
Esther Esther Hebrew 1 MachabeesThe Latin Vulgate , Douay-Rheims , and Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition place First and Second Maccabees after Malachi ; other Catholic translations place them after Esther .
'' meme '' at The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language : Fourth Edition , 2000 Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogs to genes , in that they self-replicate and respond to selective pressures .
The film began production in early 2007 and was released on 16 July 2008 in Australia and 18 July 2008 in the United States , to overwhelming critical acclaim with some critics calling it the greatest comic-book based movie ever made .
The first main route passed through the Sahara , tying in to the Arab slave trade .
The Anaheim Ducks are a professional ice hockey team based in Anaheim , California , USA .
The Bretton Woods system was the first example of a fully negotiated monetary order intended to govern monetary relations among independent nation-states .
The three main types of artillery ` gun ' are guns , howitzers and mortars . During the 20th century , guns and howitzers have steadily merged in artillery use , making a distinction between the terms somewhat meaningless .
A plaintiff identified by name in a class action is called a named plaintiff .
The city of Bryansk is first mentioned in written records .
Chinese architecture refers to a style of architecture that has taken shape in East Asia over many centuries .
After sixteen performances , the opera was not performed again in the Soviet Union until 1974 , when it was revived by Gennady Rozhdestvensky and Boris Pokrovsky .
She argued that the public schools should offer social service programs for underprivileged children and that they should serve as community centers .
The three revert rule , if observed , shall not be construed as a defense against action taken to enforce this policy .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' was written as a poem in the 1870s by Irish-born , Victorian-raised immigrant Thomas Bracken of Dunedin , a freemason .
Omahyra Mota as Arclight : Arclight can generate shockwaves of concussive force .
Jalal ad-Dawlah Malik Shah I 1072 -- 1092
The word universe derives from the Old French word Univers , which in turn derives from the Latin word universum .
Van der Sar was named Best European Goalkeeper in 1995 and 2009 , spanning the fourteen-year period between his first and second Champions league victories .
Her real name was Maria Jansson , but she is known in history as Kisamor ( '' The Mother in Kisa '' ) after the place were she worked .
He has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for South Cambridgeshire since the 1997 general election .
Bolivia is one of the least developed countries in South America .
Whisenhunt 's most famous moment is the trick play he called in Super Bowl XL .
His grandparents were early settlers in northern Wairoa in the mid 19th century after emigrating from Yorkshire , England .
Although Smoot attended MIT , he was not the same Smoot who was laid end to end to measure the Harvard Bridge between Cambridge and Boston ; this was his cousin Oliver R. Smoot , an MIT alumnus who later served as the chairman of the American National Standards Institute .
It is parody of '' Under the Bridge '' and '' Give It Away '' both by the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
The Bali Nine is the name given to a group of nine Australians arrested on 17 April 2005 , in Denpasar , Bali , Indonesia , in a plan to smuggle 8.3 k of heroin valued at approximately A$ 4 million from Indonesia to Australia .
Despite the name , Virgin Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the Virgin Group , and indeed of each other .
George Smith Patton , Jr. ( also George Smith Patton III ) ( November 11 , 1885 -- December 21 , 1945 ) was a distinguished though controversial United States Army officer .
In the east , partially resulting from the destructive Plague of Justinian , the Byzantines were threatened by the rise of Islam , whose followers rapidly conquered the territories of Syria , Armenia and Egypt during the Byzantine-Arab Wars , and soon presented a direct threat to Constantinople .
Boswil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Alan Tudyk as Hoban '' Wash '' Washburne : The pilot of the ship , and Zoe 's husband .
References Bibliography Books David P. Forsythe : Humanitarian Politics : The International Committee of the Red Cross .
Trefcon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It acquired some features more typical of subtropical or even tropical cyclones .
'' Live with Me '' is a song by Massive Attack which was included in their 2006 compilation album , Collected , and was also released as a single .
A common example of a chemical substance is pure water ; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory .
Burlington became a bustling lumbering and manufacturing center , and incorporated as a city in 1865 .
It holds the Artaxiad Dynasty 's branch of the shield .
Instead of catching the inaugural train at Sydney , he had to catch it at Yass Junction , where it made a special stop .
New Lanark is a village on the River Clyde , approximately 1.4 miles ( 2.2 kilometres ) from Lanark , in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
In 1950 , Holiday appeared in the Universal-International short film Sugar Chile ' Robinson , Billie Holiday , Count Basie and His Sextet , where she sang '' God Bless the Child '' and '' Now , Baby or Never '' .
Socialist Alternative ( Australia ) , a Marxist political organization
Feathers are among the most complex integumentary appendages found in vertebrates and are formed in tiny follicles in the epidermis , or outer skin layer , that produce keratin proteins .
Currently it is officially supported and considered stable on x86 , x86-64 , IA-64 , PA-RISC , PowerPC , PowerPC 970 , SPARC 64-bit and DEC Alpha architectures . It is also officially supported but considered in development state on MIPS , PS3 Cell Processor , System Z\/s390 , ARM , and SuperH .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale TalkOrigins Archive Among the best-known techniques are radiocarbon dating , potassium-argon dating and uranium-lead dating .
The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind Game of the Year Edition The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind Game of the Year Edition was announced May 12 , 2003 and released October 30 of the same year .
September 23 1830 ) was the wife of James Monroe , fifth President of the United States .
It is also home to the University of Wisconsin -- Madison .
It is home to several universities , museums , theaters , galleries and other important cultural and educational institutions .
In the early 1900s , a connection to the railroad network brought more people and industries to Vaihingen .
Gundaroo is a small village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia and in Yass Valley Shire .
The Asian Steppe-Wildcat has pale yellow upper body marked with black spots on its back and black stripes on its legs with a pale whitish colored stomach .
Rossillon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A brief definition of Monophysitist Christology can be given as : '' Jesus Christ , who is identical with the Son , is one person and one hypostas in one nature : divine-human .
The region consists of twelve states in the north-central United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , South Dakota , Ohio and Wisconsin .
Computers , electronic clocks , and programmable logic controllers ( used to control industrial processes ) are constructed of digital circuits .
This was followed by the discovery of other similar bodies , which with the equipment of the time appeared to be points of light , like stars , showing little or no planetary disc ( though readily distinguishable from stars due to their apparent motions ) .
Laura then informs them that the maid is actually the head of a cleaning service which the girls must now work for while cleaning the purported house of Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth .
A major inspiration for the British blues explosion in the 1960s , Muddy was ranked # 17 in Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .
In addition , U.S. Route 163 , designated in 1970 , is nowhere near U.S. Route 63 . The short U.S. Route 57 , approved ca .
He saw her frequently after age 18 , often exchanging greetings in the street , but he never knew her well ; he effectively set the example for so-called courtly love , a phenomenon developed in French and Occitan poetry of the preceding centuries .
Drug companies routinely fund much of the research conducted by psychiatrists , advertise medication in psychiatric journals and conferences , fund psychiatric and healthcare organizations and health promotion campaigns , and send representatives to lobby general physicians and politicians .
The demonstration was held to demand the release of two popular leaders of the Indian Independence Movement , Satya Pal and Saifuddin Kitchlew , who had been earlier arrested by the government and removed to a secret location .
Dozois is perhaps best known as an editor , winning a record 15 Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor ( having won nearly every year between 1988 and his retirement from Asimov 's in 2004 ) .
La Marseillaise Allons enfants de la Patrie , Come , children of the Fatherland , Le jour de gloire est arrivé !
The polar bear has also been depicted on the logo for the German Environment Minister 's campaign to help stop global warming and a 2008 special issue stamp .
December 20 & ndash ; Pope Gregory XI succeeds Pope Urban V as the 201st pope .
The Ford Transit is a range of panel vans , minibuses , and pickup trucks , produced by the Ford Motor Company in Europe ( including Turkey ) .
Henry agreed , especially when he heard reports of Margaret 's stunning beauty , and sent Suffolk to negotiate with Charles , who agreed to the marriage on condition that he would not have to provide the customary dowry and instead would receive the lands of Maine and Anjou from the English . These conditions were agreed to in the Treaty of Tours , but the cession of Maine and Anjou was kept secret from parliament .
The biological function of a flower is to mediate the union of male sperm with female ovum in order to produce seeds .
The family was conceived by MacFarlane after developing two animated films , The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve .
I learned the name Maruzen for the first time through LEMON .
Wikispecies is a wiki-based online project supported by the Wikimedia Foundation .
The Province of Parma ( ) is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
Tourists are able to visit the island through a limited number of supervised tours , including beach , diving , hiking , and hunting safaris .
Additionally , the Latin alphabet was adopted to write the Hungarian language .
When a material is subjected to compressive stress , then this material is under compression .
Tegerfelden is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Camblanes-et-Meynac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Martinsville is a city in Clark County , Illinois , United States .
Christian Obodo ( born 11 May 1984 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a football defensive midfielder from Nigeria , currently plays for Italian Serie A side Udinese Calcio .
Ned Kelly is the title of a 1970 film .
The Director is nominated by the President , with the concurring or nonconcurring recommendation from the Director of National Intelligence , Appointment of officials responsible for intelligence-related activities and must be confirmed by a majority vote of the Senate .
Frederick Herman Jones , Jr. , better known Fred or Freddie , is a fictional character in the American television animated series Scooby-Doo , about a quartet of teenage mystery solvers and their Great Dane companion , Scooby-Doo .
In doing so , the State also adopted a time meridian located outside its land mass in a further departure from international convention .
Men 's hanbok consists of jeogori and baji which means pants in Korea .
Thousands of people had come to build farms and cut timber , and Minnesota became the 32nd U.S. state on May 11 , 1858 .
The Roman military was intertwined with the Roman state much more closely than in a modern European nation .
He is often known as the Clown Prince of Hip Hop .
Raunds , Rothwell , Rushden
Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
Soldiers captured during his Africa campaign were reported to have been treated humanely . Furthermore , he ignored orders to kill captured commandos , Jewish soldiers and civilians in all theaters of his command .
His third successful series was Hart to Hart that co-starred Stefanie Powers .
Brig , officially Brig-Glis ( ) is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
A boomslang ( Dispholidus typus ) is a relatively small , venomous colubrid snake native to sub-Saharan Africa .
Darling '' is a song of The Beatles composed by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and appearing as the fourth song on the Abbey Road album in 1969 .
The history of chocolate cake goes back to 1764 , when Dr. James Baker discovered how to make chocolate by grinding cocoa beans between two massive circular millstones .
For the individual , information security has a significant effect on privacy , which is viewed very differently in different cultures .
Pavitt and Thayil had both attended Rich East High School in Park Forest , Illinois in the mid-1970s .
However , according to '' accepted history '' the first clearly '' Maya '' settlements were established in approximately 1800 BC in Soconusco region of the Pacific Coast .
It borders Thailand to the north and west , Laos to the northeast , and Vietnam to the east and southeast .
Religion Saint Augustine becomes Bishop of Hippo Regius .
At a crucial moment , Confederate Maj. Gen. A.P. Hill 's division arrived from Harpers Ferry and launched a surprise counterattack , driving back Burnside and ending the battle .
Naevius ' imprisonment and eventual exile , an example of state censorship , may have influenced Plautus ' choice of subject matter and manner .
Rodman '' Rod '' Edward Serling ( December 25 , 1924 - June 28 , 1975 ) was an American screenwriter , novelist , television producer , and narrator best known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science fiction anthology TV series , The Twilight Zone .
In 1930 , Wisconsin became the first state to officially adopt Leif Erikson Day as a state holiday , thanks in large part to efforts by Rasmus Anderson .
St. Louis Brown Stockings ( )
These included a '' Lesser George '' ( thought to have been worn by Charles I at his execution , and now at Windsor Castle ) and a St Andrew 's Cross ( now at Edinburgh Castle ) ) , which are insignia of the orders of the Garter and the Thistle , and also a ruby ring .
In 1901 Le Guin 's father earned the first Ph. D. in anthropology in the United States from Columbia University and went on to found the second department , at the University of California , Berkeley .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 6,482 .
The word is also used as a name ( rather than an honorific ) in Turkey , as in Emir Niego and Emir Sevinc .
Libin is a municipality of Belgium .
Hull , Marathon County , Wisconsin
Distinguish from Begga and Bega .
In the 1970s , Martin performed his offbeat , absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours .
The second episode was shown as a special on Cartoon Network 's Fridays on January 13 , 2006 .
Bruce is one of the celebrities immortalized on the cover of the Beatles ' Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Thomas Weelkes ( baptised 25 October 1576 & ndash ; 30 November 1623His will was dated 30 November , and he was buried on 1 December , which strongly suggests he died on 30 November .
in 2010 .
Rats are typically distinguished from mice by their size ; rats are generally large muroid rodents , while mice are generally small muroid rodents .
With all the digital sounds in mainstream music , the only sounds that they felt could not be expressed and replicated were the guitar and the human voice .
White is regarded by many as England 's first ecologist and one of the founders of modern respect for nature .
Kaprijke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Awards Film of the year awards from Film 2005 and FilmFocus .
It has assigned the quintiles from lowest to highest as bottom fifth , lower middle , middle , upper middle , and top fifth .
Variations of many games that are traditionally played on a pitch are marketed as '' lawn games '' for home use in a front or back yard .
The Australian Grand Prix was held later than usual , to avoid a clash with the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
In a 2006 letter to Nature , Bradley , Hughes and Mann pointed out that their original article had said that '' more widespread high-resolution data are needed before more confident conclusions can be reached '' and that the uncertainties were '' the point of the article .
The term '' stockman '' has been used in the United States and Canada as a formal term for a person who owns and raises livestock , principally cattle .
There were several interpromotional matches after Unforgiven .
Allen is a city in Floyd County , Kentucky , United States .
Besides the Commonwealth Games , a number of other sporting competitions are organised on a Commonwealth basis , through championship tournaments such as the Commonwealth Judo Championships , Commonwealth Rowing Championships , Commonwealth Sailing Championships , and Commonwealth Shooting Championships . The Commonwealth Boxing Council has long maintained Commonwealth titles for the best boxers in the Commonwealth .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
Companies implement specialized IM archiving and security products and services to mitigate these risks and provide safe , secure , productive instant messaging capabilities to their employees .
Types of circadian rhythm sleep disorders The circadian rhythm sleep disorders are : Extrinsic type Jet lag , which affects people who travel across several time zones .
Both forms of cardamom are used as flavorings in both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
Around 125 East German citizens were killed during this period while trying to illegally cross the border into West Germany or West Berlin .
He is a four-time World Champion and four-time Canadian national champion .
Melbourne was Prime Minister when Queen Victoria came to the throne ( June 1837 ) .
Sights The main attraction in the town is the Schloss Friedenstein , the former ducal palace , built in 1643-1655 .
While the console made a promising first appearance at the Consumer Electronics Show in January 2004 , it had been canceled by December of that year .
Clothing in ancient Rome generally consisted of the toga , the tunic , the stola , brooches for these , and breeches .
The hurricane dissipated on the 20th , after causing $ 12.5 million ( 1963 dollars ( $ 76 million 2005 dollars ) ) in damage and three deaths .
Google Chrome OS is an upcoming Linux-based , open source operating system designed by Google to work exclusively with web applications .
In addition two national papers have local bureaus .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
The first application of this idea in the United States was by Dr. William Mosenthal , a surgeon at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center .
Varieties are also differentiated by the coarseness or fineness of the chopped meat as well as the size and style of the casing used .
Magnesium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Mg , atomic number 12 and common oxidation number +2 .
Crocy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Master of Divinity has replaced the Bachelor of Divinity in most American seminaries as the first professional degree , since the latter title implies in the American academic system that it is on a par with a Bachelor of Arts or other basic undergraduate education .
From 1935 to 1937 , Figueirense was three times in a row Catarinense champion .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
My Chemical Romance 's general style has been categorized as '' alternative rock '' , '' post-hardcore '' , '' punk revival '' , '' pop punk '' and , most controversially , '' emo '' .
It was given the nickname '' Aardvark '' although railfans used to call it '' The Badger '' owing to its sloping front ends .
The huge number of stelae surviving from ancient Egypt and in Central America constitute one of the largest and most significant sources of information on those civilisations .
Because of its poorly defined boundaries , and the location of Flora itself near the edge , this asteroid group has also sometimes been called the Ariadne family , when Flora did not make it into the group during an analysis ( e.g. the WAM analysis by Zappala 1995 ) .
Typically biologists study organisms and their relationship to their environment .
The band 's next three albums , Ixnay on the Hombre , Americana and Conspiracy of One , were also successful , with Ixnay on the Hombre and Conspiracy of One reaching platinum certification , and Americana achieving multi-platinum status .
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC from September 10 , 1990 to May 20 , 1996 .
High School Musical 3 : Senior Year is a musical film released to cinemas in 2008 . It is the third and final installment in the High School Musical trilogy .
In other words a heat pump can change which coil is the condenser and which the evaporator .
It was discovered by C. H. F. Peters on September 19 , 1865 and named after Io , a lover of Zeus in Greek mythology .
Timbergetters used its rivers and lakes as seaways to float out their logs of cedar , and prospectors scaled its mountains to reach the Gympie gold .
The Tiger is the national animal of Bangladesh , Nepal , IndiaNational Animal Panthera tigris , Tiger is the national animal of India Govt .
Duke Anne de Joyeuse
Meanwhile , Fire Lord Sozin , who killed the previous Avatar because he would have acted to stop his war plans , begins a genocidal assault on the Air Nomads . Sozin knew that the new Avatar would be an Air Nomad , and eliminated them in order to ensure his domination of the world would not be interrupted .
Targon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The compilation Billions and Billions : Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium , published in 1997 after Sagan 's death , contains essays written by Sagan , such as his views on abortion , and his widow Ann Druyan 's account of his death as a skeptic , agnostic , and freethinker .
Gregory Blaxland , William Lawson and William Wentworth succeed in crossing the Blue Mountains and return home .
The police authority is the Common Council of the City .
Although he played well for the Monarchs , Robinson was frustrated with the experience .
'' You '' means an individual or entity exercising rights under this License who has not previously violated the terms of this License with respect to the Work , or who has received express permission from the Licensor to exercise rights under this License despite a previous violation .
Critical reception for The Wild has been negative .
The first match at the present Hampden Park was played on 31 October 1903 , when Queen 's Park recorded a 1 -- 0 win over Celtic .
In the Rig-Veda ( 6.61.7 ) Sarasvati is credited with killing the three-headed Vritra , also known as Ahi ( '' snake '' ) .
The LEs are pooled into a volume group ( VG ) .
In 1170 , due to its military importance , Rabat acquired the title Ribatu l-Fath , meaning '' stronghold of victory , '' from which it derives its current name .
In February-March 1818 , Bhopal became a princely state in British India as a result of the Anglo-Bhopal treaty between the East India Company and Nawab Nazar Muhammad ( Nawab of Bhopal during 1816-1819 ) . Bhopal state included the present-day Bhopal , Raisen , and Sehore districts , and was part of the Central India Agency .
Two years later , on the first night of the 1969 festival , the concert hall was destroyed by fire .
The fossil record of grebes is incomplete ; there are no transitional forms between more conventional birds and the highly derived grebes known from fossils , or at least none that can be placed in the relationships of the group with any certainty .
The wild population in India is estimated at around 1500 animals - with perhaps between one and two hundred animals in the remainder of its range .
It is the capital of the province of Ciudad Real .
A landslide or landslip is a geological phenomenon which includes a wide range of ground movement , such as rock falls , deep failure of slopes and shallow debris flows , which can occur in offshore , coastal and onshore environments .
Miglieglia is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr. , the future Attorney General of the United States .
Tucumcari was founded in 1901 , two years before Quay County was founded .
Fourteen players have served as the captain of the Calgary Flames , beginning with Brad Marsh in 1980 - 81 .
Repeats of the show are broadcast in the UK on G.O.L.D. and it is also seen in more than twenty-five countries , including various PBS stations in the United States and in Canada on VisionTV .
Oleguer Presas i Renom ( born 2 February 1980 ) , simply Oleguer , is a Spanish footballer who plays for AFC Ajax in the Dutch first division .
After the war , Beecham returned to the LPO for eighteen months , but left to found a new orchestra , the Royal Philharmonic ( RPO ) .
For branch-of-service identification , Wehrmacht vehicles bore alpha-numeric identity licence plates : WH for the Heer , WL for the Luftwaffe , WM for the Kriegsmarine .
By fully automating wafer handling , the manufacturing lines would be able to handle the very thinnest of wafers available and ensure the highest quality .
He also played briefly for the Ottawa Rough Riders football team .
Real-life issues were often mined for storyline content , blurring the lines between fiction and reality .
Paul Hawken , Blessed Unrest : How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being and Why No One Saw It Coming ( New York : Viking , 2007 ) , 172 .
Khalid ibn Walid , the first general of Rashidun Caliphate to liberate foreign lands and to trigger the whole scale deposition of the two most powerful empires .
Livingston Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in Livingston , West Lothian .
Shrewsbury ( or ) is the county town of Shropshire , in the West Midlands region of England .
This copy came to Salisbury because Elias of Dereham , who was present at Runnymede in 1215 , was given the task of distributing some of the original copies .
Data storage equipment uses either :
Recognitions Pohjola is a Steinway Distingued Artist since 1997 , and a major visiting artist at Berklee College of Music since 2006 .
In 1881 Sisley made one more brief voyage to England .
It includes the following extant orders :
In Greek mythology , the Nereids ( , ; ) are sea nymphs , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
Hala is a gotra or clan of the Jats found in the states of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India and in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
Certifications NSE also conducts online examination and awards certification , under its programmes of NSE 's Certification in Financial Markets ( NCFM ) [ ] .
This is followed by twitching , cramping , or stiffness of affected muscles ; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg ; and/or slurred and nasal speech .
South West Bedfordshire
Serpent is a substitution-linear transformation network which has thirty-two rounds , plus an initial and a final permutation to simplify an optimized implementation .
The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus or Tomb of Mausolus '' Mausoleion '' meant '' building dedicated to Mausolus '' ; thus , Mausoleum of Mausolus is a tautology .
Individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool , light-tight , metal cassettes to allow cameras to be loaded in daylight .
The word toilet describes the fixture and , especially in British English , the room containing the fixture .
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 1985 , the Bach ter-centenary year .
However , most NAT devices today allow the network administrator to configure translation table entries for permanent use .
Level 4 : Big Ben : Ivana , a bat with allergies , helps you get to the top of London 's famous clock tower .
He also appears in the Game & Watch games Mario has appeared in every game of the Super Smash Bros. series .
They say globalization has made this necessary .
In 1980 Bookchin used the term '' libertarian municipalism '' , to describe a system in which libertarian institutions of directly democratic assemblies would oppose and replace the state with a confederation of free municipalities .
Between 1941 and 1944 he worked as a pharmacist in the concentration-camp Mauthausen .
Bachelor 's degrees , rarely called Bakkalaureus , exist in Germany and are ranked as kind of '' small Diplom '' .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Other than its orbit , radius of 36 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about Rosalind .
Panettiere began modeling when she was four months old .
The Silver Medal of Military Valor ( Italian language : Medaglia d'Argento al Valore Militare ) is an Italian medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert of Sardinia .
Unusually for a bird with such a large range , it has no geographical subspecies if the possibly con-specific Eaton 's Pintail is considered to be a separate species .
The Hanna-Barbera version has never pleased either of us ... a travesty ... '' Deitch , Gene .
The Toy Fox Terrier is a small terrier breed of dog , directly descended from the larger Fox Terrier but considered a separate breed .
Music is based on that of ' , but is rearranged in places .
Former President George H. W. Bush and his wife Barbara Bush both were diagnosed with Graves ' disease and goitres , within two years of each other .
In 1996 , the band released their first album , Die For the Government , on New Red Archives .
Francisco José Rodrigues da Costa , OIH ( born 1 December 1974 in Lisbon ) , commonly known as Costinha ( ) , is a retired Portuguese footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
The Constitution itself is divided into eight chapters , containing 128 sections .
Offekerque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jesus existed as a person before his human life The Son of God is a preexistent being , the Logos who dwelt with God in the beginning and then was born as the man Jesus .
Ancienville is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Kirby on the Draw requires Kirby to shoot at images that appear in a shooting gallery .
Human occupation Devon was one of the first areas , of what is now England , settled following the end of the last ice age .
Nevertheless , Leonardo treated him with great indulgence and he remained in Leonardo 's household for the next thirty years . Salai executed a number of paintings under the name of Andrea Salai , but although Vasari claims that Leonardo '' taught him a great deal about painting '' , his work is generally considered to be of less artistic merit than others among Leonardo 's pupils , such as Marco d'Oggione and Boltraffio .
English and Japanese versions are currently available also .
Sarbhana is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
A town may be correctly described as a '' market town '' or as having '' market rights '' , even if it no longer holds a market , provided the legal right to do so still exists .
In some cases a replicative transposition is observed in which transposon replicates itself to a new target site .
Sun was educated at Nanyang Primary School , St Margaret 's Secondary School , Raffles Girls ' School and went on to attend Saint Andrew 's Junior College .
The Fennec has a life span of up to 10 years in the wild ; its main predators include the Caracal and the African varieties of Eagle Owl .
Local attorney David Wills was the man primarily responsible for acquiring the land , overseeing the construction of the cemetery , and planning its dedication ceremony , although the initial concept and early organizational efforts were led by rival lawyer David McConaughy .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1917/1918 season .
Golant is a village in south Cornwall , United Kingdom .
They include waltzes , polkas , mazurkas , and marches .
The First War of Scottish Independence lasted from the outbreak of the war with the invasion by England in 1296 until the de jure restoration of Scottish independence with the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton in 1328 .
Pea , Pisum sativum
Marsh lobbied John Wesley Powell to act against Cope and attempted to persuade Hayden to '' muzzle '' Cope 's publishing .
The New York Times During high school in Cleveland , Ohio , he wrote for the school newspaper , edited the yearbook , and began to write his first short stories , poetry , and dramatic plays .
You 're going to the top of the tower with an elevator and then you have a great view of washington .
The German Civil Service Federation ( Deutscher Beamtenbund , DBB ) is a national trade union center in Germany .
The lyrics describe Insane Clown Posse meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks , referred to as ` Chickens ' .
The first newspaper in present-day Idaho , The Lewiston Teller began publication in the city of Lewiston , Washington Territory in 1862 , and was joined by the only present newspaper , The Lewiston Morning Tribune in September , 1892 . In 1863 Lewiston became the capital of the newly-created Idaho Territory .
The eyewall collapsed somewhat , and Helene weakened slightly to a Category 2 hurricane , where it leveled off for about 48 hours until September 20 due to a lengthy eyewall replacement cycle and an elongated cloud pattern .
New technology such as inexpensive digital cameras and Internet distribution has made it easier than ever before to produce and distribute child pornography .
Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September , with a Nicolas Anelka hat-trick meaning City beat Aston Villa 4 - 1 .
