The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to infernal or liminal gods such as Hermes , Charon , Hecate , and Persephone , sometimes via the mediation of a dead person ( probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was deposited ) .
A-Sides is a compilation album by the American grunge band Soundgarden with songs spanning the band 's thirteen year career .
The acetyl group contains a methyl group single-bonded to a carbonyl .
The solstice called the Summer solstice in the northern hemisphere and the Winter solstice in the southern hemisphere occurs on dates varying from 22 June to 23 June ( in UTC ) .
It is found naturally in gastric acid .
The White Ranger is revealed to be Tommy , who in addition receives a new Zord , the Tigerzord , and also becomes the new leader of the Power Rangers .
The island has five major mountain ranges : The Central Range , known in the Dominican Republic as the Cordillera Central , spans the central part of the island , extending from the south coast of the Dominican Republic into northwestern Haiti , where it is known as the Massif du Nord .
Hurricane Emily was the fifth named storm , third hurricane , second major hurricane , and first Category 5 of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Castana is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
Saxe-Altenburg
Even at the start of the 21st century , the term clean tech was not yet in the financial or business community 's vocabulary .
Pinto Colvig as Sleepy : Sleepy is always tired and appears laconic in most situations .
After graduating from secondary school , Kwok worked as a junior staff in King Fook Gold & Jewellery Co. .
Henry consulted with Parliament frequently , but was sometimes at odds with the members , especially over ecclesiastical matters .
Although Baird 's electromechanical system was eventually displaced by purely electronic systems ( such as those of Philo Farnsworth ) , his early successes demonstrating working television broadcasts and his color and cinema television work earn him a prominent place in television 's invention .
Later in his life he emigrated to the United States to escape the effects of World War II .
Many buildings were destroyed or severely damaged on the island , with thousands left homeless just weeks after Hurricane Baker had caused serious damage there .
Composition Cantons The cantons of the arrondissement of Belley are : Ambérieu-en-Bugey Belley Champagne-en-Valromey Hauteville-Lompnes Lagnieu Lhuis Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey Seyssel Virieu-le-Grand Communes The communes of the arrondissement of Belley , and their INSEE codes , are : 1 .
Baltix can run directly from its live-CD , without installation to a computer 's permanent storage ( hard disk , solid state drive , etc. ) , but also can be installed into a computer 's Linux or Windows partition ( s ) .
However , the family also contains many tropical species .
Hollows form in many species of trees , and are a prominent feature of natural forests and woodlands , and act as a resource or habitat for a number of vertebrate and invertebrate animals .
Nematomorpha ( sometimes called Gordiacea , and commonly known as horsehair worms or Gordian worms ) is a phylum of parasitic animals that are superficially morphologically similar to nematode worms , hence the name .
The discoveries at the poles contrast with the findings of the Huygens probe , which landed near Titan 's equator on January 14 2005 .
Publication history '' The Tell-Tale Heart '' was first published in the Boston-based magazine The Pioneer in January 1843 , edited by James Russell Lowell .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
Rehoboth Beach serves as an alternative to nearby and much more developed Ocean City , Maryland . Reader 's Digest named the Rehoboth Beach Boardwalk as '' Best of America '' .
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
Foner , Free soil , free labor , free men (/O1970/O) Lincoln , representing the fast-growing western states , won the Republican nomination in 1860 and subsequently won the presidency .
In 1747 , the Sultan Mahmud I had this dagger made for Nadir Shah of Persia , but the Shah was assassinated in connection with a revolt before the emissary had left the Ottoman Empire 's boundaries and so the Sultan retained it .
Mao was born on December 26 , 1893 , in Shaoshan , Hunan Province , China .
The London Borough of Ealing ( ) is an Outer London borough in West London .
During his Ascension Day sermon on May 4 , 1497 , bands of youths rioted , and the riot became a revolt : dancing and singing taverns reopened , and men again dared to gamble publicly .
Emerald Isle is a town in Carteret County , North Carolina , United States .
Absinthe traditionally has a natural green color but can also be colorless .
Thus the real numbers are a subset of the complex numbers .
Naini Lake is deep , but , according to experts , the level of oxygen in the hypolimnic layer ( the bottom , colder , stagnant , and constant temperature layer ) is much lower than is required to sustain fish -- and this is mostly due to pollution , which includes illegal dumping of garbage .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Poker is a family of card games that share betting rules and usually ( but not always ) hand rankings .
Users can also rent additional storage space ( shared between Google services such as Gmail and Picasa Web Albums ) from 20 GB to 16 TB .
Reviews and quotes about Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as '' a great book which should wake up humankind . ''
Charles Bradley Templeton ( October 7 1915 -- June 7 2001 ) was a Canadian cartoonist , evangelist , agnostic , politician , newspaper editor , inventor , broadcaster and author .
Ammurapi stresses the seriousness of the crisis faced by many Near Eastern states from invasion by the advancing Sea Peoples in a dramatic response to a plea for assistance from the king of Alasiya .
Birmingham , Wolverhampton , the Black Country and Solihull together form the most populous conurbation in the United Kingdom outside London , with a combined population of around 2.27 million .
However , the IAU announcement on September 17 , 2008 , that Haumea had been accepted as a dwarf planet , made no mention of a discoverer .
Dolly ( 5 July 1996 - 14 February 2003 ) was a female domestic sheep , and the first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell , using the process of nuclear transfer .
Baltimore Ravens ( -- present )
They are the senior regular regiments in the British Army , with traditions dating from 1660 , and act as the Queen 's personal bodyguard .
He discovered or co-discovered some comets as well , including periodic comet 57P/du Toit-Neujmin-Delporte .
The film was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and became the twenty-seventh animated feature released in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series .
In 1771 , he discovered that the muscles of dead frogs twitched when struck by a spark .
A member of the monitor lizard family ( Varanidae ) , it is the largest living species of lizard , growing to an average length of and weighing around .
After joining the NHL , the Oilers went on to win the Stanley Cup on five occasions : 1984 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988 and 1990 .
The term was coined by Reformed Baptist pastor John Piper in his 1986 book Desiring God .
Higher education in the Riverina is provided by Charles Sturt University ( CSU ) , with campuses serving the Riverina in Albury and Wagga Wagga .
Saint David 's Day March 17 Saint Patrick 's Day .
Ribeauville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It can use peeled or unpeeled apples and a variety of spices or additives such as cinnamon or sugar .
Experiments on origin of organic molecules Nitro.biosci.arizona.edu , Retrieved on 2008-01-13 Eigen 's hypothesis In the early 1970s the problem of the origin of life was approached by Manfred Eigen and Peter Schuster of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry .
The bushrangers ' heyday was the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s as the discovery of gold gave bushrangers access to great wealth that was portable and easily converted to cash .
The botanical definition of a berry is a simple fruit produced from a single ovary , such as a grape or a tomato .
Cape York Peninsula is a large remote peninsula located in Far North Queensland at the tip of the state of Queensland , Australia , the largest unspoilt wilderness in eastern Australia and one of the last remaining wilderness areas on Earth .
Martin Van Buren then retired to his home in Kinderhook .
Sulfuric acid ( alternative spelling sulphuric acid ) is a strong mineral acid with the molecular formula .
Possession Island is located at the center of the Possession Island National Park , an area of 5.10 km established as a Protected Area in 1977 and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service .
Another more recent commercial design , the Delta uses an unhinged shank and a plough with specific angles to develop slightly superior performance .
The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse .
Zeno was the founder of the Stoic school of philosophy , which he taught in Athens from about 300 BC .
Extremism is often considered as antonym to compromise , which , depending on context , may be associated with concepts of balance , tolerance .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta , and first appeared in the episode '' Principal Charming '' .
In 1260 Albert 's sons divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg .
A new , second platform was built and the old platform was moved north by about 100 m. For easy access to the platform , a second pedestrian bridge was built .
Oh Se-hoon ( born January 4 , 1961 , Seongdong-gu , Seoul , South Korea ) is the current Mayor of Seoul .
Shasta Dam ( called Kennett Dam before its construction ) is an arch dam across the Sacramento River in the northern part of the U.S. state of California , at the north end of the Sacramento Valley .
For details on former players , see List of Maccabi Haifa F.C. players and : Category : Maccabi Haifa F.C. players .
In Series A he totaled 171 goals in 281 games , and was top goalscorer in Italy in 1971 and 1972 .
Through a succession of wars and marriages among the nations that inhabited the valley , the region became part of the Inca Empire in 1463 .
It stars Christian Bale as Batman , along with Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Cillian Murphy , Morgan Freeman , Ken Watanabe , Tom Wilkinson , and Rutger Hauer .
She was also a regular on the comedy-drama series Party Down as Constance Carmell ; the role garnered her positive critical response .
The city had a 2005 census population of 189,176 persons , but its metropolitan population reaches roughly 200,000 persons because of surrounding towns like el Centenario , el Zacatal and San Pedro .
The John Bull Hotel ( later the Fat Lamb Hotel ) was constructed , followed by a bridge over the creek .
Mrs. Clay -- A poor widow , daughter of Sir Walter 's lawyer , and intimate ` friend ' of Elizabeth Elliot .
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 American science fiction film and the second installment in The Matrix trilogy , written and directed by the Wachowski brothers .
Sandro Cois ( born 9 June , 1972 in Fossano ) is a retired Italian football player .
The caliphate was reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-Shia sects of Islam as well as towards Jews , Maltese Christians , and Coptic Christians .
The main feud on the Raw brand was between The Rock and Steve Austin .
The locus classicus of the 18th-century portrayal of the American Indian are the famous lines from Alexander Pope 's '' Essay on Man '' ( 1734 ) : Lo , the poor Indian !
Titan at the USGS Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature , accessed April 12 , 2008 .
Mary Quant OBE FCSD ( born 11 February 1934 ) is a Welsh fashion designer and British fashion icon , who was instrumental in the mod fashion movement .
The clever Uzume overturned a tub near the cave entrance and began a dance on it , tearing off her clothing in front of the other deities .
Benigno Simeon '' Noynoy '' Cojuangco Aquino III was born on February 8 , 1960 in Manila . He is the third of the five children of Benigno Aquino , Jr. , who was then the Vice Governor of Tarlac province , and Corazon Aquino .
From the middle of the third century , patristic authors cited the Epistle as written by James the Just , a relation of Jesus and first Bishop of Jerusalem .
Peanut processing is the country 's principal industry , but beeswax , palm wood , palm oil , and skins and hides are also shipped from Banjul 's port .
The most famous is probably the highly fictionalized 1956 Anastasia starring Ingrid Bergman as Anna Anderson , Yul Brynner as General Bounine ( a fictional character based on several actual men ) , and Helen Hayes as the Dowager Empress Marie , Anastasia 's paternal grandmother .
Karapet Parisyan ( ; born August 28 , 1982 in Yerevan , Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic ) is an Armenian American mixed martial artist .
She was the fifth daughter and youngest child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
The building began on May 7 , 1607 , and proceeded at a great rate , with an army of 700 labourers being employed .
As of the year 2000 , English was spoken as a first language by 59.66 % of the population and Spanish by 19.50 % ; the '' southernmost Canadian city '' also had French spoken by 5.23 % of the population , with the majority being French Canadians .
Since Yuri Temirkanov 's retirement in 1988 , the conductor Valery Gergiev has served as its general director .
At this point , young Catherine was sent to live with her step-grandmother , Agnes Tilney , the Dowager Duchess of Norfolk .
Designs of permanent anchors These are used where the vessel is permanently sited , for example in the case of lightvessels or channel marker buoys .
Comano ( MS ) , a commune in the province of Massa-Carrara , Italy
A major habitat type , however , is a compromise , as it has an intrinsic inhomogeneity .
During the '70s , Phelps and Calvo also collaborated on research regarding optimal contracts under asymmetric information .
Currently , all the seven seasons of the series are available on DVDs for regions 1 and region 2 .
Upon its completion , the building surpassed Aon Center in Los Angeles to become the tallest building in the United States west of the Mississippi River , a title it held until Los Angeles ' Library Tower , now known as the U.S. Bank Tower , was built in 1990 .
Returning from the feast , Gregg gave Ian 's team some leftovers from the feast , but Janu and Caryn impolitely ate some of it , annoying Katie .
This is because the compressor 's input energy is largely converted to useful heat when in heating mode , and is discharged along with the moved heat via the condenser .
Colombes is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Its roots can be traced back to Genesee Wesleyan Seminary , founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 , which also later founded Genesee College .
Terry and Hoss Funk faced Junkyard Dog and Tito Santana in a tag team match .
The first quote was released on Stephenie 's website on July 12 , 2008 .
'' Thumper '' , a song by Raging Speedhorn on the album Raging Speedhorn
The Almoravids overrun Morocco and establish a kingdom stretching from Spain to Senegal .
For the first time , a European government represents all social classes .
For example , the Volksgesundheit ( People 's Health ) and Gesundheitspflicht ( Duty to be Healthy ) policies were enforced in parallel with the active distribution of cigarettes to people who the Nazis saw as '' deserving '' groups ( e.g. frontline soldiers , members of the Hitler Youth ) .
With more than 12,000 residents , the city borders Miami-Dade County on the south , Pembroke Park on the east , Hollywood on the north and Miramar on the west .
The purpose of the paleolithic cave paintings is not known .
The principal first violin is called the concertmaster ( or '' leader '' in the UK ) and is considered the leader of not only the string section , but of the entire orchestra , subordinate only to the conductor .
In the second half of the 17th century , buccaneers began operating under a set of rules variously called the Chasse-Partie , Charter Party , Custom of the Coast , or Jamaica Discipline .
( see release history )
The TeX system , developed by Donald E. Knuth at the end of 70s , is another widespread and powerful automated typesetting system that has set high standards , especially for typesetting mathematics .
Patrick Lalime ( born July 7 , 1974 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League .
They are now the most common insectivore birds , and probably the only ones preying on insects as big as the monarch .
He is also the first South Korean footballer to score in the history of the UEFA Champions League , during his time at RSC Anderlecht .
ISBN 0691002975 Wilhelm Kurth ( Editor ) ( 2000 ) , The Complete Woodcuts of Albrecht Durer , Dover Publications .
In the Vietnam War , Hu 's central position placed it very near the border between North Vietnam and South Vietnam ; however , the city was located in South Vietnam .
This gave Labour control of both Houses and enabled Fisher to form his Second Fisher Ministry , Australia 's first federal majority government , Australia 's first Senate majority , and the world 's first Labour Party majority government .
Nomenclature can refer to a system of names or terms , or the rules used for forming the names , as used by an individual or community , especially those used in a particular science ( scientific nomenclature ) or art .
The Artaxiads ( , Arta esiani ) , a branch of the eponymous dynasty of Armenia , ruled Iberia ( ancient Georgia ) from c. 90 BC to 30 AD .
Bisexual pornography is a genre of pornography which most typically depicts one woman and two men who all perform sex acts on each other .
There is a shallow lake or pool 20m below the pass .
A third outbreak of the sweating sickness in England hits Oxford and Cambridge .
But lung biopsies are fraught with risks of bleeding due to the high intrapulmonary blood pressure .
The Neanderthal ( , ) , or ) , or Neandertal , is an extinct member of the Homo genus that is known from Pleistocene specimens found in Europe and parts of western and central Asia .
Pieces of broken pottery , arrowheads , and other Native American artifacts have been found , indicating their presence .
Vortex may also refer to :
Around the same time the American cook Fannie Farmer ( 1857 -- 1915 ) was born and , having devoted herself to cooking , published in 1896 her famous work The Boston Cooking School Cookbook which contained some 1849 recipes .
Mastodon is a Grammy Award-nominated heavy metal band from Atlanta , Georgia .
The river rises in the central highland of New South Wales , part of the Great Dividing Range , 13 km east of Gunning .
The proposed solutions to oil dependence are profitable and U.S. oil dependence can be eliminated by proven and attractive technologies that create wealth , enhance choice , and strengthen common security .
Vodka 's alcoholic content usually ranges between 35-50 % by volume ; the standard Russian , Lithuanian , and Polish vodkas are 40 % alcohol by volume ( 80 proof ) .
Strawberry Alarm Clock is a psychedelic rock band from Los Angeles best known for their 1967 hit '' Incense and Peppermints '' .
Chierry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
After debating for decades , paleoanthropologists now agree there is enough genetic and fossil evidence suggesting that Homo sapiens evolved in Africa ~ 200,000-160 ,000 years ago .
The first recorded use of the term was in February 1805 , when the Sydney Gazette mentioned that a cart had been stopped by three men '' whose appearance sanctioned the suspicion of their being bushrangers '' .
Despite this , Louis had been engaged to his second cousin , Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria since he had been seven ; Maria Anna Victoria was a year older than Louis and , upon arriving at the French court , was described as being very unattractive ; she was a very cultured princess and was the daughter of Ferdinand Maria , Elector of Bavaria and his wife Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy .
In his last game as a temporary coach of Chelsea FC , he won the 2009 FA Cup by beating Everton 2-1 at Wembley .
Their regular season began on the road on October 9 , 2008 , in Denver versus the Colorado Avalanche and concluded on April 12 , 2009 , against the New York Islanders .
The lyrics of early traditional blues verses probably often consisted of a single line repeated four times ; it was only in the first decades of the 20th century that the most common current structure became standard : the so-called AAB pattern , consisting of a line sung over the four first bars , its repetition over the next four , and then a longer concluding line over the last bars .
Those kept as pets routinely develop large vocabularies .
The University of Melbourne ( informally Melbourne Uni , Unimelb or just Melbourne ) is a public university located in Melbourne , Victoria .
Born as Liese Sykora in Vienna , she competed for Austria in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City , Mexico in the Pentathlon where she won the silver medal .
The comic strip story '' Mr. Slicker and the Egg Robbers '' ( published September 22 December 26 , 1930 ) introduced her father Marcus Mouse and her mother Margie Mouse , both farmers .
In the twentieth century , historic industries have been replaced by modern knowledge-based industries , primarily information and communications technology and life sciences .
The word Saint Helena has several meanings :
Since the acronym FAQ originated in textual media , its pronunciation varies ; '' fack , '' '' fax , '' '' facts , '' and '' F.A.Q. '' are commonly heard .
His father began as an enlisted man in the Army , and became an officer who spent most of his 30-year career in the Medical Service Corps .
Sheila Chesed de Almeida Mello ( born July 23 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian dancer , actress and model .
Thurkhill includes realistic touches including descriptions of Purgatory 's torture chambers , and is believed by Roger of Wendover , one of his society 's leading historians .
The Salvation Army has a new international leader , General Bramwell Booth who served from 1912 to 1929 .
Soon afterward , Jekyll 's butler , Mr Poole , visits Utterson in a state of desperation and explains that Jekyll has secluded himself in his laboratory for several weeks , and that now the voice that comes from the room sounds nothing like the doctor 's .
Indeed , complaining that painting did not make enough money to justify the time spent when compared to his prints , he produced no paintings from 1513 to 1516 .
The term '' rat '' is also used in the names of other small mammals which are not true rats .
When Scylla was bathing in the sea , the jealous Circe poured some potion into the sea water , which caused Scylla to transform into a monster .
Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy teach that the consecrated elements truly become the body and blood of Jesus Christ .
The Acts of Union were two Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 by the Parliament of England , and in 1707 by the Parliament of Scotland , which put into effect the terms of the Treaty of Union that had been agreed on 22 July 1706 , following negotiation between commissioners representing the parliaments of the two countries .
Sometimes , the airborne particulates are carried much further , in significant concentrations which affect air quality as far east as the United States .
This would move The Tonight Show to 12:05 am , a post-midnight timeslot for the first time in its history .
She has also won various awards for her acting , including the Choice Actress Teen Choice Award and Saturn Award for Best Actress ( TV ) , and a Golden Globe nomination for her her lead role in the television series Dark Angel .
In the same year , he was elected President of Ireland , as which he served until 1973 .
Writers for the show included Mel Brooks , Neil Simon , Danny Simon , Mel Tolkin , and Carl Reiner who , though a cast member , always sat in with the writers .
Estimates from 2008 place the population at close to 70,000 people .
Behind the Scenes Footage & ndash ; 21:34
The Cult are an English rock band , formed in 1983 .
The film began production in early 2007 and was released on July 16 , 2008 in Australia and July 18 , 2008 in the United States , to overwhelming critical acclaim with some critics calling it the greatest comic-book based movie ever made .
The Hazratbal Shrine ( ; , literally : Majestic Place ) , is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar , India .
Each Green Lantern possesses a power ring that gives the user great control over the physical world as long as the wielder has sufficient willpower and strength to wield it .
VLC 1.0.0 has more than 380 modules . VLC , like most multimedia frameworks , has a very modular design which makes it easier to include modules\/plugins for new file formats , codecs or streaming methods .
The ` Natural Growth Rate ' was 0.62 % per year implying a ` Total Death Rate ' of 3.78 per 1000 people .
Founded in 1998 by brothers Shannon Leto and Jared Leto , 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project .
These were described as the ichnotaxon Ornitholithus and are presumably from Gastornis .
Year 27 ( XXVII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
A chance discovery by a road worker in 1956 uncovered a rich find of 360 million year old fish fossils , dating from the Devonian period in the Paleozoic era .
Starring roles in Billy Wilder 's Irma la Douce and What a Way to Go !
Created by Ken Sugimori , Meowth first appeared in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels , later appearing in various merchandise , spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise .
In humans , the vasoactive intestinal peptide is encoded by the VIP gene .
Kennedy defeated then Vice President and Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 U.S. presidential election , one of the closest in American history .
The precursor disturbance to Debby dropped heavy rainfall across Puerto Rico , peaking at 12.86 i in the southwestern portion of the island .
Enter the person 's name ( e. g , Samuel Phillips . )
Montceaux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Cincinnati Red Stockings of were baseball 's first fully professional team , with ten salaried players .
URAWA RED DIAMONDS OFFICIAL WEBSITE He is a right-footed forward and an aggressive dribbler .
The band released their debut album , All Killer No Filler in 2001 .
Tennyson excelled at penning short lyrics , '' In the valley of Cauteretz '' , '' Break , Break , Break '' , '' The Charge of the Light Brigade '' , '' Tears , Idle Tears '' and '' Crossing the Bar '' .
Hamblain-les-Prés is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Plymouth is the largest municipality in Massachusetts by area .
February 23 & ndash ; Matthias Corvinus of Hungary ( d. 1490 )
The Galaxie four-door hardtop 's rear door trim panel , however , was fitted to the Ranger .
What Is a Culture ?
Terry plays in a center back position and is the captain of Chelsea in the Premier League .
The Hershey -- Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Avery -- MacLeod -- McCarty experiment .
On January 31 , 2012 , Eros is expected to pass Earth at 0.179 astronomical units ( 16.6 million miles ) , about 70 times the distance to the moon , with a visual magnitude of +8.1 .
Ben Shepherd was the vocalist on Wellwater Conspiracy 's 1997 debut studio album , Declaration of Conformity , however he left the band in 1998 .
Disguised in a replica of the Great Seal of the United States carved in wood , in 1945 Soviet school children presented the concealed bug to U.S. Ambassador as a '' gesture of friendship '' to the USSR 's World War II ally .
The two most used black writing inks in history are carbon inks and iron gall inks .
Oklahoma won national championships in 1974 , 1975 and 1985 under Switzer 's leadership .
Children were occasionally born in saunas still in the beginning of the 20th century . Ancient Finns even believed saunas were inhabited by spirits .
The football team is led by legendary coach Joe Paterno , who at 83 is in his 45th year as head coach ( as of the 2010 season ) . Joe Paterno was in a close competition with Bobby Bowden , the head coach for Florida State , for the most wins ever in Division I-A ( now the FBS ) history .
A March 16 , 2007 post at Orange Lounge Radio reported that Namco Bandai announced Beautiful Katamari to retailers , which included a release for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and the Wii .
Caution : Should not be used during pregnancy .
He specialised in British affairs , and the agency made him for several years its correspondent in London where he was later joined by his wife and two sons .
Ponzi did not invent the scheme ( for example Charles Dickens ' 1857 novel Little Dorrit described such a scheme decades before Ponzi was born ) , but his operation took in so much money that it was the first to become known throughout the United States .
Colline , the philosopher , enters shivering and disgruntled at not having been able to pawn some books .
Michael Ignatieff has been the leader of the Liberal Party since he was elected at the May 2009 Liberal leadership convention .
The Bulwagga is a unique design featuring three flukes instead of the usual two .
x ) can be set to either Microsoft Excel 's native file format or the international standard OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) ISO\/IEC 26300:2006 .
His brother was Harald Bohr , a mathematician and Olympic footballer who played on the Danish national team .
By many accounts , Al-Musta ` sim had failed to prepare for the onslaught ; he neither gathered armies nor strengthened the city 's walls .
The city is part of the New York combined statistical area and is the fifth largest city in New England .
Whitehall is a road in Westminster in London , England .
Rather than depicting only the familiar animals of the hunt that predominate in Paleolithic cave art , i.e. horses , cattle , reindeer , etc. , the walls of the Chauvet Cave are covered with predatory animals : lions , panthers , bears , owls , rhinos and hyenas .
This is usually minor and is not unusual .
As of 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
Its largest city and capital is La Paz , a tourist resort and historic landmark .
In North America , flax was introduced by the Puritans . Currently most flax produced in the USA and Canada are seed flax types for the production of linseed oil or flax seeds for human nutrition .
CKY stands for '' Camp Kill Yourself '' , a reference to the film Sleepaway Camp .
He was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity and biological inheritance , and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel following their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns .
The Alps is one of the great mountain range systems of Europe , stretching from Austria and Slovenia in the east through Italy , Switzerland , Liechtenstein and Germany to France in the west .
One of the major disorders is Gender Identity Disorder .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
Emmental or Emmentaler is a cheese from Switzerland .
Portet is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
However , many of Darwin 's early supporters ( such as Alfred Russel Wallace and Charles Lyell ) did not agree that the origin of the mental capacities and the moral sensibilities of humans could be explained by natural selection .
The acoustics are considered one of the best five acoustics in opera in the world .
Mitchell is a city in Lawrence County , Indiana , United States .
Dave Murray -- guitar
This camper has met the qualifications to earn second place and the title of Total Drama Island Runner-Up .
Although whale sharks have very large mouths , they feed mainly , though not exclusively , on plankton , microscopic plants and animals , although the BBC program Planet Earth filmed a whale shark feeding on a school of small fish .
The categories are amputee , Cerebral Palsy , intellectual disability , wheelchair , visually impaired , and Les Autres ( literally '' The Others '' , which are athletes with disabilities that do n't fall into the other five categories ; these include dwarfism , multiple sclerosis , and congenital deformities ) .
The West Midlands is an official region of England , covering the western half of the area traditionally known as the Midlands .
The railway station is serviced by V\/Line services between Melbourne and Albury .
'' Ca n't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams .
Las Vegas was established as a railroad town on May 15 , 1905 , when 110 acres ( 44.5 ha ) owned by Montana Senator William A. Clark 's San Pedro , Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad , was auctioned off in what is now downtown Las Vegas .
The original low passed along the south shore of Long Island , and made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
DateFormat = x.y
History The district was created in 1975 by merging former districts Dinslaken , Moers and Rees , which were all created in 1816 when the area became part of Prussia .
Others argue that , although criticism can be levelled at the methods used to achieve their goal , the missionaries did care about the welfare of Aboriginal people at a time when wider Australian society did not .
It is located on the Gulf of Gemlik , part of the south coast of the Sea of Marmara .
Foreign aid workers estimated that 2 to 3 million were homeless , in the worst disaster in Burma 's history , whose total damage is comparable to that of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami .
Giza 's infrastructure saw much attention from both the British government prior to the 1952 coup d'etat , as well as the current Egyptian government due to the city 's importance in tourism .
In its most common form , it has narrowboat shaped body , three strings and is played on the arm or under the chin , like a violin .
There are several types of hunting dogs developed for various tasks .
Windows Vista Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) was released on February 4 , 2008 , alongside Windows Server 2008 to OEM partners , it was a five-month beta test period .
The position carries similar responsibilities to those of agriculture ministers in other governments .
Phoenix is from a family of performers which includes his older brother , the late River Phoenix .
He has been the leader of the Victorian Division of the Liberal Party of Australia since May 2006 and Premier of Victoria since 2 December 2010 after the Liberal\/Nationals Coalition defeated the Brumby-led Labor Party government with 45 seats to 43 in the Legislative Assembly .
In addition , over 500,000 copies were sold within a week in Mainland China .
The Princess Alice ( Alice Maud Mary : Princess Louis and Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine by marriage ; 25 April 1843 - 14 December 1878 ) was a member of the British royal family , the third child and second daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Winger is an American hard rock band formed in New York City that gained popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s . The band 's two platinum albums , Winger and In the Heart of the Young , along with charting singles '' Seventeen , '' '' Headed for a Heartbreak , '' and '' Miles Away , '' put the band on the top of the charts by the early 1990s .
The PlayStation 3 was first released on November 11 , 2006 in Japan , November 17 , 2006 in North America , March 16 , 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and March 23 , 2007 in mainland Europe and Oceania .
St Bernard 's F.C. ( also referred to as St Bernard 's and St Bernard ) were a Senior Scottish football club based in Edinburgh from 1878 to 1943 .
The family was conceived by MacFarlane after developing two animated films , The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve .
Roseanne was hugely successful from its beginning , ranking at # 1 in the Nielsen ratings for its second season , becoming the most watched television program in the United States from 1989 to 1990 , and spending its first six seasons among the Nielsen ratings ' top five highest-rated shows ; the finale attracted 16 million viewers .
Other island ranges are found in the central third of the state , for a total of 77 named ranges of the Rocky Mountains .
The rise of the Andes has not been constant and different regions have had different degrees of tectonic stress , uplift , and erosion .
The site was dated through radiocarbon dating to be at 61,000 BP and 110,000 BP through amino acid racemization .
Bakot is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
On 19 October 2006 , the BBC reported that Kazakhstan 's Deputy Foreign Minister , Rakhat Aliyev , had invited Cohen to visit Kazakhstan to see how inaccurate his portrayals were .
Evelina or the History of a Young Lady 's Entrance into the World is a novel written by English author Frances Burney and first published in 1778 .
I hope you like the place and decide to stay .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
His rookie year in the NBA was the subject of a documentary film , The Year of the Yao , and he co-wrote , along with NBA analyst Ric Bucher , an autobiography titled Yao : A Life in Two Worlds .
Newport Pagnell is a town in the Borough of Milton Keynes ( ceremonial Buckinghamshire ) , England .
Previously she had served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Italy however drove a hard bargain , demanding extensive territorial concessions once the war had been won '' First World War.com - Primary Documents - Treaty of London , 26 April 1915 .
On February 10 , 1975 , the US Post Office issued a commemorative stamp featuring the Mariner 10 space probe .
In English , mass nouns are characterized by the fact that they can not be directly modified by a numeral without specifying a unit of measurement , and that they can not combine with an indefinite article ( a or an ) .
Throughout the recording of the album , Coldplay communicated to fans through their website , and in late October 2007 , a message on Coldplay.com suggested that two new songs , '' Famous Old Painters '' and '' Glass of Water '' , had been written and were being considered for the album .
During late 2007 , Samsung used the track '' Toothpaste Kisses '' in its advert campaign for its SGH-G800 mobile phone .
There are two others named Johann Christian Bach in the Bach family tree , but neither was a composer .
A travelling stage hypnotist and entertainer called '' Hart - The Laugh Man '' was performing at the Hopkinsville Opera House in 1901 .
In the North , English is the de facto official language , but official recognition is afforded to both Irish and English language .
British Railways ' ( BR ) Type 4 Warship class diesel-hydraulic locomotives were introduced in 1958 .
East Peoria is part of the Peoria , Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area , located across the Illinois River from downtown Peoria .
While a successful player by some measures , including being voted to the 1987 -- 88 Campbell Conference all-star team , Probert was best known for his activities as a fighter and enforcer , as well as being one half of the '' Bruise Brothers '' with then-Red Wing teammate Joey Kocur , during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Overall Classification ( 1949 , 1952 )
These structures are often linear , but may contain various degrees of branching .
Patty Schnyder ( born 14 December 1978 in Basel ) is a Swiss professional tennis player .
The Kazan Khanate is established .
Even before news of the defeat at Ticinus had reached Rome , the Senate had ordered the Consul Sempronius Longus to bring his army back from Sicily to meet Scipio and face Hannibal .
Colima , a state of Mexico
Driven away from Lyons , Waldo and his followers settled in the high valleys of Piedmont , and in France , in the Luberon .
The song was also performed by Knowles on The Beyoncé Experience tour .
Citizenship of the Union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship .
Sturt National Park was featured in British documentary called Planet Earth .
Sarah Siddons ( 5 July 1755 8 June 1831 ) was a British actress , the best-known tragedienne of the 18th century .
Archer is a city in O'Brien County , Iowa , United States .
Each episode ( 156 in the original series ) is a mixture of self-contained drama , fantasy , science fiction , suspense , or horror , often concluding with a macabre or unexpected twist .
Their second studio album , Anywhere but Here was released on October 6 , 2009 .
Madagascar is a 2005 soundtrack for the 2005 film of the same name .
History The district was established in 1993 by merging the former districts of Nauen and Rathenow .
Although abundant and fully functioning on the peninsula , tropical savannahs are now rare and highly degraded in other parts of the world .
The death of Little Saint Hugh of Lincoln prompts the persecution of Jews in England , based on the blood libel .
Severn , R. T. , Dineley , D. L. & Hawker , L. E. , Henry Ling Ltd. , Dorchester , pp 31 -- 39 .
Pages 45 -- 53 .
Nearly all implicate his final wife , Agrippina , as the instigator .
Christopher L. C. E. Witcombe , 2003 .
It is located from the center of Paris .
To have the links point to a non-user talk page , you must include the full talk page link .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
A predella of the Altarpiece remains intact in the National Gallery , London which is a superb example of Fra Angelico 's ability .
For example , a temperate grassland or shrubland biome is known commonly as steppe in central Asia , prairie in North America , and pampas in South America .
Fabiano Eller dos Santos or simply Fabiano Eller ( born 19 November 1977 in Linhares ) is a Brazilian centre-back footballer .
Gerard Kitchen O'Neill ( February 6 , 1927 -- April 27 , 1992 ) was an American physicist and space activist .
The evolution of the peppered moth over the last two hundred years has been studied in detail .
Similar rainfall is caused by the moist ocean air being lifted upwards by mountains , surface heating , convergence at the surface , divergence aloft , or from storm-produced outflows at the surface .
A ball that is hit under the bar is called a goal and is worth three points .
Dearborn County , Indiana , Dearborn , Michigan and Dearborn , Missouri were also named for him , as was Fort Dearborn in Chicago , which in turn was the namesake for Dearborn Street , a major street in downtown Chicago .
Saint-Philippe-d ` Aiguille is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Second War of Scottish Independence began properly in 1333 when Edward III of England overturned the 1328 Treaty of Northampton , under which England recognised the legitimacy of the dynasty established by Robert Bruce .
Bowell formally resigned in favour of Tupper at the end of the parliamentary session .
Salt : Grain of Life He is known mainly in the Eastern regions of France , although similar characters exist all over Europe ( see Companions of Saint Nicholas ) .
Linux compatibility Most software that runs on Linux can run on FreeBSD without the need for any compatibility layer .
The Trafford area has a long heritage , with evidence of Neolithic , Bronze Age , and Roman activity .
Sturtevant constructed the first genetic map of a chromosome in 1913 .
Vortex ( YTV ) , an anime programming block produced by YTV and hosted by Paula Lemyre
Although the exact boundaries can be disputed , Central Florida is the area around metropolitan Orlando , including Orange , Osceola , Seminole , Lake , Brevard , and Volusia counties .
When clouds do not blanket the Puget-Willamette trough formed by the Cascade and Coast Range , Mount Hood , Mount Saint Helens , and Mount Adams are all visible from Vancouver .
In language , dysphemism ( from the Greek dys '' mis - '' and pheme '' reputation '' ) , malphemism ( in Latin malus '' bad '' ) , and cacophemism ( in Greek kakos '' bad '' ) refer to the usage of an intentionally harsh word or expression instead of a polite one ; they are rough opposites of euphemism .
London See : markets in London Some examples of street markets include Berwick Street Market , Broadway Market , Camden Market , East Street Market and Portobello Road Market .
Electrical power is usually generated by electro-mechanical generators driven by steam produced from fossil fuel combustion , or the heat released from nuclear reactions ; or from other sources such as kinetic energy extracted from wind or flowing water .
Luol Michael Deng ( born April 16 , 1985 in Wau , Sudan ) is a Sudanese-British professional basketball player for the National Basketball Association 's Chicago Bulls and the Great Britain national basketball team .
As winner of the Chess World Cup 2009 , Gelfand will be automatically seeded into the World Chess Championship 2011 Candidates Tournament .
The InterCity 125 train is made up of two power cars , one at each end of a fixed formation of Mark 3 carriages , and is capable of 125 m , making the train the fastest diesel-powered locomotive in regular service in the world .
During most of his career in Tampa Bay , he was the morning meteorologist for WFLA-TV , occasionally substituting on the evening editions .
The production of milk is called lactation .
There have been accusations that the decision-making structure is undemocratic as the US has a veto on some constitutional decisions with just over 16 % of the shares in the bank ; Decisions can only be passed with votes from countries whose shares total more than 85 % of the bank 's shares .
However , unlike in many other countries , trans fat levels of less than 0.5 grams per serving can be listed as 0 grams trans fat on the food label .
The Vedas ( Sanskrit , '' knowledge '' ) are a large body of texts originating in ancient India .
Origins of the term The name means below red ( from the Latin infra , '' below '' ) , red being the color of the longest wavelengths of visible light .
The band became known for writing several rock anthems , and achieved widespread recognition with their third album Slippery When Wet , released in 1986 .
Debian is a computer operating system composed of software packages released as free and open source software especially under the GNU General Public License and other free software licenses . The primary form , Debian GNU\/Linux , which uses the Linux kernel and GNU OS tools , is a popular and influential GNU\/Linux distribution .
International Robot Olympiad 2003-07 & World Robot Olympiad 2004-07 - Gold Medals & Excellence Awards ,
He also won the same award in 2009 and 2010 .
Naturalized United States citizen He was married to Veronica Pershina .
Theobromine is categorized as a dimethyl xanthine .
The small resort area of Virginia Beach grew in Princess Anne County , beginning in the late 19th century , particularly after the 1888 arrival of rail service and electricity and the opening of the original Princess Anne Hotel at the oceanfront near the tiny community of Seatack .
Putot-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was the time of gigantism : thus it was for the second temple of Apollo at Didyma , situated twenty kilometers from Miletus in Ionia .
It was included on Bedingfield 's second North American album Pocketful of Sunshine ( 2008 ) .
The wine produced is then fortified with the addition of a Brandy ( distilled grape spirits ) known as Aguardente in order to stop the fermentation , leaving residual sugar in the wine , and to boost the alcohol content .
Pepsin can be inhibited in two ways . The first method is introducing a pepsin inhibitor compound , and the second method is decreasing the acidity level to which the pepsin becomes inactive .
In the radio broadcast in which he announced his resignation , he argued that he accepted the changes and allowed the Nazis to take over the government in order to avoid bloodshed .
Its first chairman was Lord Hurcomb , with Miles Beevor as Chief Secretary .
Earl formed initially as the fifth tropical depression of the season on August 13 east of the Lesser Antilles .
However , subsequent productions saw him broadening his musical palette and expressing influences encompassing '70s R&B , baroque pop , trip hop , arena rock , folk , alternative , electronica , synth-pop , and classical music .
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in the European diplomatic system , and as a result it was firmly established that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states , and that meant in practice recognition by one or more of the great powers .
Mérida ( ) is the capital of the autonomous community of Extremadura , Spain .
In 1606 he killed a young man in a brawl and fled from Rome with a price on his head .
Belfast at the time was considered by Yorkshire Television to be too dangerous to use for filming so instead they used housing adjacent to their Leeds Studios , these have since been demolished .
The Executive Director of the prize , as of 2009 , Martha Thorne , solicits nominations from a range of people including past Laureates , academics , critics and others '' with expertise and interest in the field of architecture '' .
The larvae of less than 2 % of the species have been described .
Fordyce is a city in Dallas County , Arkansas , United States .
Asimov also created the '' Three Laws of Robotics '' which are a recurring theme in his books .
This is the most popular color for leather sofas .
In the case of the most commonly used R -- S code ( 255 , 223 ) -- 223 Reed -- Solomon input symbols ( each eight bits long ) are encoded into 255 output symbols .
Early tango was known as tango criollo , or simply tango .
In the U.S. , the signs are usually rectangular with the words '' SPEED LIMIT '' ( in Canada , '' MAXIMUM '' ) and the values in black on a white background .
The knuckles at the base of the fingers may be referred to as the 1st or major knuckles while the knuckles at the midfinger are known as the 2nd and 3rd , or minor , knuckles .
Its lyrics are about virginity .
The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 , the US ' official singles chart , at number fifty-seven while '' Crazy in Love '' was still in the top spot .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
She was highly unpopular among her people , and the Spanish party of her husband , Philip II , caused much resentment around court .
According to recent population estimates (/O2007/O) , the town is home to 39,527 as the largest settlement within North Ayrshire .
Its squad was a group of hopefuls who were only contracted to clubs within Lebanon . Lebanon drew 4 games , won 2 against the Hong Kong national football team and the India national football team and lost twice to the powerhouses , and eventual qualifiers , Korea Republic .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
No merge color was given out at this point in the episode .
Pallone ( Italian for an inflated ball , similar to the word balloon ) is the name of several traditional ball games , played in all regions of Italy , with few differences in regulations .
Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club , or simply Wolves , is an English professional association football club representing the city of Wolverhampton , in the West Midlands region of England , and currently playing in the Premier League .
Asimov wrote the Lucky Starr series of juvenile science-fiction novels using the pen name Paul French .
Carlile 's music has been categorized in several genres , including pop , rock , alternative country , indie and folk .
In 1998 , he immigrated to Israel and settled in Rishon LeZion , where he became Israel 's top ranking chess player .
However , she was perceived as riding the coattails of Ethan , Lex , and Tom for the entirety of the game .
Early life Nancy Cartwright was born in Dayton , Ohio , on October 25 , 1957 , the fourth of Frank and Miriam Cartwright 's six children .
Rinard is a city in Calhoun County , Iowa , United States .
Keynes was the first born , and was followed by two more children - Geoffrey Keynes in 1887 and Margaret Neville Keynes in 1890 .
A mirepoix au gras contains diced ham or pork belly as an additional ingredient .
The North American version was produced as a joint venture between Suzuki and General Motors known as CAMI .
crypt newsgroup , and from there to many sites on the Internet .
The POW camp was soon liquidated , but a labor camp continued in operation through 1943 .
It is spoken in the southeast tip bordering India , Tharparkar District , Nagar Parkar .
In modern times actual goldsmiths are rare .
Rather than fight , the majority survived by fleeing to neighboring states where ruling families were tolerant of their radical belief in adult baptism .
He died of a heart attack on June 26 , 1964 at age 75 .
She first appeared in '' Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' , where it is explained that Snowball I had died the previous year and had been replaced with Snowball II .
He is usually known by those outside the field of mathematics for his essay from 1940 on the aesthetics of mathematics , A Mathematician 's Apology , which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layman .
Jupiter has 63 named natural satellites .
All events were held at the Sports Hall in Munich from August 27 through September 1 .
The Dogma , an Italian metal band
August 21 & ndash ; Her Royal Highness The Princess Margaret , was born .
Kalam is the Islamic philosophy of seeking theological principles through dialectic .
Irregularly shaped and reddish in color , it is thought to consist of porous water ice with unknown amounts of other materials .
The prosperous towns of central and western Warwickshire including Leamington Spa , Stratford-upon-Avon , Kenilworth , Alcester , and Warwick harbour light to medium industries , services and tourism as major employment sectors .
It shows a sailing boat at the coast in the middle , representing the fishing and salt industries .
They collaborated again on the film Peter 's Friends .
Rajshahi division is in the mid western corner of Bangladesh .
He finished high in both the Flemish ( 3rd ) and Walloon ( 4th ) editions of the Greatest Belgian contest in 2005 .
Kurzrickenbach is first mentioned as Rihinbah in 830 , Egelshofen as Eigolteshoven in 1125 , and Emmishofen as Eminshoven in 1159 .
In music
In May 2006 , the United Nations Mission in Liberia ( UNMIL ) released a report detailing the state of human rights on Liberia 's rubber plantations .
In 2006 an Immigration Detention Centre , containing approximately 800 beds , was constructed on the island for the Department of Immigration . Originally estimated to cost $ 210 million , the final cost was over $ 400 million .
Before debuting with Shinee , Key appeared in Super Junior 's movie Attack on the Pin-Up Boys as an extra .
In the 1980s and 1990s , biologists found that microbial life has an amazing flexibility for surviving in extreme environments - niches that are extraordinarily hot , or acidic , for example - that would be completely inhospitable to complex organisms .
Several months after his birth the family moved to enej Vojvodina and in 1922 they moved to Kikinda ( ) in Vojvodina , Serbia .
The use of silicon in semiconductor devices demands a much greater purity than afforded by metallurgical grade silicon .
Herman Norrie Northrop Frye , CC , FRSC ( July 14 , 1912 -- January 23 , 1991 ) was a Canadian literary critic and literary theorist , considered one of the most influential of the 20th century .
The social and political upheavals that characterised Athens in Solon 's time have been variously interpreted by historians from ancient times to the present day .
The Intolerable Acts or the Coercive Acts are names used to describe a series of laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 relating to Britain 's colonies in North America .
Luiz Carlos Ferreira , best known as Luisinho ( born in Nova Lima , Minas Gerais , October 22 , 1958 ) is a former football ( soccer ) player in defender role .
Together with the peripheral nervous system , it has a fundamental role in the control of behavior .
He entered the Franciscan Order in 1920 , and was given the name ' , the Latin form of the Greek ' , ( '' friend of God '' ) .
In Lake Wales , 6 inches ( 150 mm ) of precipitation was reported , most of which fell within the period of two hours .
The game 's driving missions are also similar to those of Grand Theft Auto III .
date unknown & ndash ; Franciscus Sylvius , German scientist ( d. 1672 )
By the 11th century , Transylvania became a largely autonomous part of the Kingdom of Hungary , and became independent as the Principality of Transylvania from the 16th century , until 1711 .
The town lies 25 miles to the east of central London and 7.6 miles to the south of the county town of Chelmsford .
Owing to the film 's title difference in America and the United Kingdom , all scenes that mention the stone had to be filmed twice , once with the actors saying '' philosopher 's '' and the second with them saying '' sorcerer 's '' .
An orchestra is a sizable instrumental ensemble that contains sections of string , brass , woodwind , and percussion instruments .
Klaxons are a indie rock band , based in London .
'' Ricky Martin MTV Unplugged '' was released by Sony BMG on November 7 , 2006 in both separate CD and DVD formats , and in May 2007 , was re-released together in a CD\/DVD combo-package .
Handrails may be continuous ( sometimes called over-the-post ) or post-to-post ( or more accurately '' newel-to-newel '' ) .
Francesco Saverio Merlino ( born September 9 , 1856 in Naples ; deceased June 30 , 1930 in Rome ) was an Italian lawyer , anarchist activist and theorist of libertarian socialism .
Alongside Aparajito ( 1956 ) and Apur Sansar ( 1959 ) , the three films form The Apu Trilogy .
In baseball , batting is the act of facing the opposing pitcher and trying to produce offense for one 's team .
On March 11 , 1999 , he resigned from all his official and party offices , claiming '' lack of cooperation '' in the cabinet had become unbearable .
Wernher von Braun was said to be the preeminent rocket engineer of the 20th century .
History Flow is a five-piece Japanese rock band made up of two vocalists , a drummer , a bassist and a guitarist .
At the beginning of the 2009 - 10 NHL season , he was named an alternate captain for the Senators .
Union County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Melina insulted Mysterio and had Mercury and Nitro attack him , leading to MNM 's in-ring debut the next week on SmackDown !
If the white notes are played beginning from the sixth step of that C scale , from any A to an A an octave above , then an A natural minor scale ( the '' relative minor '' of C ) is produced .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
The units are now used by First ScotRail and operate on the North Berwick Branch Line , between \/O/ and North Berwick .
It is also the name of one of the three island groups in the country , which consists of the island of Mindanao and smaller surrounding islands .
Monroe 's performance was hailed by critics , especially in Europe , where she won the David di Donatello , the Italian equivalent of the Academy Awards , as well as the French Crystal Star Award .
A tropical rainforest is typically divided into four main layers , each with different plants and animals adapted for life in that particular area : the emergent , canopy , understory , and forest floor layers .
The Province of Benevento ( ) is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
The contract stipulated that a four-cylinder Ford-based F2 engine would be developed as proof of concept ( see the FVA above ) and that a pure Cosworth V8 would be built based on this .
Robinson 's presence was controversial in racially charged Florida .
He died in 1948 in Bad Ischl , near Salzburg where he was also buried .
King Creole was said to have been Presley 's favorite role of his entire career , and he had high hopes of returning from the Army to pick up from where he had left off .
Hary is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
For new proposals , see .
The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival devoted mainly to classical music .
Carbon steel , also called plain-carbon steel , is steel where the main alloying constituent is carbon .
Naoki Sakai ( born August 2 , 1975 ) is a former Japanese football player .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
Final preprint ( pdf ) Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 ( IAUC 8802 ) , it was known as S/2002 N 3 .
Charles Kennedy - The former leader of the Liberal Democrats , was born in Inverness .
California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s because of concerns over radioactive waste disposal .
Brummell , Lord Alvanley , Henry Mildmay and Henry Pierrepoint were considered the prime movers of Watier 's , dubbed '' the Dandy Club '' by Byron .
In January 1964 , Morrison moved to Los Angeles , California .
After spending a considerable time searching for Wakefield 's replacement , Xero recruited Arizona vocalist Chester Bennington . Jeff Blue , the vice president of Zomba Music , had referred him to the band in March 1999 .
He moved the company from its ancestral home in Akron to Chicago .
The Cassini- Huygens team concluded that the imaged features are almost certainly the long-sought hydrocarbon lakes , the first stable bodies of surface liquid found off Earth .
Friedrich Kellner ( 1885 -- 1970 ) Chief Justice Inspector , Diarist
A trading post is a place where the trading of goods takes place .
In the Bible , Luke 15:8 '' The Parable of the Lost Coin '' , the broom is used as a symbol for women 's work .
The Carme group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin .
Dr Colin MacKenzie ( knighted in 1929 ) set up the Institute of Anatomical Research in 1920 on 78 acres ( 316,000 m ) of land which had formerly been part of the Coranderrk Aboriginal Reserve .
Mittweida is home to a university with about 5000 students .
Although the Greeks and Romans typically scorned Egypt 's animal-headed gods as bizarre and primitive ( Anubis was known to be mockingly called '' Barker '' by the Greeks ) , Anubis was sometimes associated with Sirius in the heavens , and Cerberus in Hades .
Lengnau is a municipality in the Biel\/Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The ACT ( pronounced as an initialism , ; originally abbreviation of American College Testing ) is a standardized test for high school achievement and college admissions in the United States produced by ACT , Inc. .
William Hall Macy , Jr. ( born March 13 , 1950 ) is an American actor and writer .
Serving as a Senior Research Mathematician at Princeton University during the later part of his life , he shared the 1994 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with game theorists Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi .
December 7 & ndash ; John Oldham , English poet ( smallpox ) ( b. 1653 )
April 22 & ndash ; The Treaty of Saragossa divides the eastern hemisphere between Spain and Portugal , stipulating that the dividing line should lie 297.5 leagues or 17 east of the Moluccas .
It also has a very large tide sometimes reaching and has become a popular spot for river surfing .
In some ways , public health is a modern concept , although it has roots in antiquity .
He sent his most brilliant general Khalid ibn Walid to invade the Persian empire in 633 .
The building has a mosque built around it , the Masjid al-Haram .
An ant mill is a phenomenon where a small group of army ants separated from the main foraging party lose the pheromone track and begin to follow one another , forming a continuously rotating circle .
Central America consists of the republics of Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Can be stubborn , narrow-minded , materialistic , rigid , demanding .
In Gas Tungsten Arc Welding ( GTAW ) inert gases are used to shield the tungsten from contamination .
Jamaat strongly opposed an independent Bangladesh , which it considered against Islam .
Speech may become slurred , nasal in character , or quieter .
Biography , with Veronica Pershina ( his wife ) , Gorsha Sur and Elena Krikanova .
Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a lentivirus ( a member of the retrovirus family ) that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) , a condition in humans in which the immune system begins to fail , leading to life-threatening opportunistic infections .
Four editions of Windows 2000 were released , listed here in increasing ranking : Professional , Server , Advanced Server , and Datacenter Server .
A Carthaginian invasion of Italy led by Hannibal during the Second Punic War , one of a series of wars with Rome , nearly crippled the rise of the Roman Empire .
The death of Tina Watson concerns Christina '' Tina '' Thomas Watson , a 26 year old American from Alabama , who died while scuba diving on her honeymoon in Queensland , Australia on October 22 , 2003 .
Nevermore incorporates elements from a variety of metal sub-genres , making it difficult to categorize Nevermore 's music .
Courland ( ; Livonian : Kur m , ; Latin : Curonia \/O/ Couronia ; ; ; ; ; ; ) is one of the historical and cultural regions of Latvia .
The British Museum is a museum of human history and culture in London .
His career spanned from 1925 until shortly before his death , and comprised more than one hundred films .
It is quite large , containing about 200 & ndash ; 220 species that are native to warm-temperate , subtropical and tropical regions throughout the world .
In 2004 , Caviezel portrayed Jesus Christ in the Mel Gibson film The Passion of the Christ .
Cassius , however , was defeated and overrun by Marcus Antonius .
So a significant proportion of the country 's indigenous population lives in the Outback , World Book Encyclopedia in areas such as the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara lands in northern South Australia .
OK Go is a rock band originally from Chicago , now residing in Los Angeles .
It is one of several Mesoamerican sites with both Olmec and Maya features .
Plante was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1978 , and into the Quebec Sports Pantheon in 1994 .
Martin was born in Poli ka , Bohemia .
Frances Winfield , also known as Frances Bremer is an American author , also notable for being the wife of the former administrator of Iraq , Ambassador L. Paul Bremer III .
He played the cello and harpsichord in addition to the oboe and later the organ .
Chrome uses the WebKit rendering engine to display web pages , on advice from the Android team .
It is at the junction of the A38 and A61 .
MDC ( Millions of Dead Cops ) is an American hardcore punk band formed in Austin , Texas in 1979 .
According to John Mainwaring , his first biographer , '' Handel had discovered such a strong propensity to Music , that his father who always intended him for the study of the Civil Law , had reason to be alarmed .
A dark albedo feature about 200 k across has been named Olbers in honor of Vesta 's discoverer , but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would . Its nature is presently unknown ; it may be an old basaltic surface .
G.M.A. Hanfmann , The Seasons Sarcophagus at Dumbarton Oaks ( Cambridge , Massachusetts ) 1951 ; V. Machaira , in Lexicon Iconographicum Mythologiae Classicae 5.1 (/O1990/O) , p 502f .
She began her musical career in 2007 at age 25 when she released her first single entitled '' My Boobs Are OK '' .
The Labour Party under Tony Blair won its third consecutive victory , but with a reduced overall majority of 66 , and failed to gain any new seats .
Laura slowly developed tropical characteristics throughout the day as it moved over warmer waters .
Joshua Bell made his Carnegie Hall debut in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
It is served by London Overground , London Midland , Southern and London Underground Bakerloo Line services .
Taymor 's work has received many accolades from critics , and she has earned two Tony Awards out of four nominations , the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Costume Design , an Emmy Award , and an Academy Award nomination for Original Song .
For a general article on the state , see State ( polity ) .
Tomonori Tateishi ( born April 22 , 1974 in Chiba , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
There were rumors that Matilda had been in love with the English ambassador to Flanders , a Saxon named Brihtric , who declined her advances .
Swans , genus Cygnus , are birds of the family Anatidae , which also includes geese and ducks . Swans are grouped with the closely related geese in the subfamily Anserinae where they form the tribe Cygnini .
Historically , most of the developments have occurred around the town 's two major thoroughfares : New York Route 7 and New York Route 2 , known locally as Hoosick Road and Brunswick Road , respectively .
It is a largely ceremonial position with only a small role in daily politics .
Born at the Cedar Grove plantation in New Kent County , Virginia , Letitia Christian was the daughter of Colonel Robert Christian , a prosperous planter , and Mary Brown-Christian .
The remnant low of Ivan turned to the south and southwest , and after crossing Florida on September 21 it began to reacquire tropical characteristics .
Naoto Sakurai is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Omiya Ardija .
They neglect to eat during the ( roughly ) one month period spent taking care of their unhatched eggs , but they do not die of starvation .
November 9 -- Constantine VII , Byzantine Emperor ( b. 905 )
Some frequently-occurring examples of these three classes are shown below , with live cells shown in black , and dead cells shown in white .
Early life Elliott was born Melissa Arnette Elliott on July 1 , 1971 , in Portsmouth , Virginia .
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
The word '' China '' The first recorded use of the word '' China '' in English is found in Decades of the New World (/O1555/O) by Richard Eden .
If the receiving partner has wounds on his genitals , or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in his or her mouth , or bleeding gums , this poses an increased risk of STD transmission .
Andrade Antunes Anderson ( born November 15 , 1981 in Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Maltese club Valletta F.C. .
A computer based on this strategy is a reduced instruction set computer ( also RISC ) .
Charly-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Castling is a special move in the game of chess involving the king and either of the original rooks of the same color .
Davies , p. 6 The terminus was the first city railway station in Australia , and the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
A four-time Pro Bowl selection from 1981 to 1984 , Hicks was a key player on the 49ers dynasty in the 1980s , assisting his team to NFL Championship wins in Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX .
The Battle of Stamford Bridge
The baleen whales , also called whalebone whales or great whales , form the Mysticeti , one of two suborders of the Cetacea ( whales , dolphins , and porpoises ) . Baleen whales are characterized by having baleen plates for filtering food from water , rather than having teeth .
The SI unit of electric potential is the volt ( in honor of Alessandro Volta ) , which is why electric potential is also known as voltage .
Eido was an avid swimmer and the bomb exploded outside his favorite Beirut beach resort , Sporting Club .
New lyrics , which were written by Klimkovich and Uladzimir Karyzny , were adopted by a presidential decree issued on July 2 , 2002 .
NOTE : This page is NOT for proposing new stub articles .
The Hindu calendar used in ancient times has undergone many changes in the process of regionalization , and today there are several regional Indian calendars , as well as an Indian national calendar .
Image : Illu repdt male .
The possibility of a Neptune Orbiter was discussed , yet other than that , no other missions have been given serious thought . As Neptune is a gas giant and has no solid surface , a surface mission such as a lander or rover is impossible .
Emirs are usually considered high-ranking sheiks , but in monarchical states the term is also used for princes , with '' Emirate '' being analogous to principality in this sense .
Many thousands of Jews are massacred and the violence spreads throughout Spain and Portugal .
He had a leading role in the Revolution of 1989 , being elected as Romania 's first post-communist president in 1990 . After a new Constitution was approved by popular referendum , he served a further two terms as president , 1992 to 1996 , and 2000 to 2004 , separated by the presidency of Emil Constantinescu .
Vincent Rijmen , in his Ph. D. thesis , introduced a second-order differential attack that can break four rounds and no more .
The Boston Bruins drafted him 21st overall in 1990 .
Ray was born in the city of Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and literature .
The St. George metropolitan area is currently the second-fastest growing in the country after the Las Vegas metropolitan area , while the Heber micropolitan area is also the second-fastest growing in the country ( behind Palm Coast , Florida ) .
Hubble space telescope imagesHubble Space Telescope observations and lightcurve analyses are in agreement that Metis has an irregular elongated shape with one pointed and one broad end .
Later that year , she began dating Enzo Cilenti . Cilenti and Guillory married in 2002 , and during the ceremony Guillory wore her grandmother 's wedding dress .
In the episode , the Simpsons go to a Monster truck rally that features famous daredevil Lance Murdock .
He was one of Disney 's Nine Old Men , and the last to pass away .
Takaya Kurokawa ( , born April 7 , 1981 in Saij , Ehime , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Albirex Niigata .
Continued reconnaissance flights reported peak winds of about .
Hayden Vernon Foxe ( born 23 June 1977 in Sydney ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player .
The tension causes the bubble to form a sphere , as a sphere has the smallest possible surface area for a given volume .
This day is marked by parades , patriotic programs , drum and bugle and marching band competitions , and special programs on the national and local media outlets , even concerts .
Singlish is heavily discouraged by the government .
For Wikipedia 's policy on page protection , see .
Kala went gold in Canada and the United States and silver in Great Britain , and the single '' Paper Planes '' became a North American top ten chart favorite in 2008 .
All the domestic varieties and breeds descend from one common ancestor , the Wild Water Buffalo , which is now an endangered species .
Its diameter is estimated to be about 3.5 km .
Claas also sell very well in North America .
Gilgit District is bounded by Wakhan Corridor ( Afghanistan ) in the north , Xinjiang ( China ) in the north / northeast , Skardu District in the south-southeast .
It is the highest-pitched instrument in an orchestra or band .
Mouans-Sartoux is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
He was a leading figure in the German political party Alliance ' 90/The Greens , and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government 's duration .
Childers was up for re-election on November 2 , 2010 .
The art is from panel 1 of page 6 of Silver Surfer # 1 published in 1982 .
The clavichord was invented in the early fourteenth century .
In the second operation , Fall Rot ( Case Red ) , executed from 5 June , German forces outflanked the Maginot Line to attack the larger territory of France .
Kunishige Kamamoto ( Kamamoto Kunishige , born April 15 , 1944 in Kyoto ) is a former football player from Japan , who won the bronze medal with the Japan national football team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , Mexico , finishing as the tournament 's top scorer with seven goals .
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
DateFormat = dd\/mm\/yyyy
The crowd was hushed into silence because the President stood before them ... It was so Impressive !
Blues From The Mississippi Delta ( W \/O/ J.D. Short ) (/O1964/O) Folkways Records
It is also undesirable to come to the mosque after eating something that smells , such as garlic .
Asclepias amplexicaulis ( Blunt-leaved Milkweed , Clasping Milkweed ) is a species of milkweed , in the subfamily AsclepiadaceaeAsclepias amplexicaulis at USDA PLANTS Database , which is cited as a wildflower native to the United States Asclepias amplexicaulis at Wildflowers and Grasses of Kansas , mostly found in Central and Eastern areas and grown in the spring time .
Initially consisting of nine European countries and three others , today the WDC has become the leading authority on professional dance competitions , with members in numerous countries throughout the world .
Robert Ortiz -- drums , percussion ( 2004 & ndash ; present )
Version 6 (/O1993/O) of the TIFF specification dropped the Microsoft reference .
Tiridates III ( or Trdat III ; Armenian : ; 250 -- c. 330 ) was the king of Arsacid Armenia ( 285-339 ) , and is also known as Tiridates the Great ; some scholars incorrectly refer to him as Tiridates IV as a result of the fact that Tiridates I of Armenia reigned twice ) .
For Broadway Cares Michele has participated in Broadway Barks , Broadway Bares , Easter Bonnet Competition and The Flea Market and Grand Auction .
In the Boston Police Strike , the Boston police rank and file went out on strike on September 9 , 1919 in order to achieve recognition for their trade union and improvements in wages and working conditions .
Available under the GNU Lesser General Public License , Calc is free software .
It is located on the former site of Qing Dynasty royal gardens and retains Chinese-style landscaping as well as some traditional buildings , but many of its buildings are also in the Western-style , reflecting the American influence in its history .
The regulation WNBA ball is a minimum 28.5 inches ( 72.4 cm ) in circumference , which is 1.00 inch ( 2.54 cm ) smaller than the NBA ball .
Regarding monomer accumulation The '' soup '' theory relies on the assumption proposed by Darwin ( see above ) that in an environment with no pre-existing life , organic molecules may have accumulated and provided an environment for chemical evolution .
In the barracks at night , Wozzeck , unable to sleep , is keeping Andres awake .
Dysart was once part of a wider estate owned by the St Clair or Sinclair family .
In Christianity , worship is the central act of Christian identity , the purpose of which is to ascribe honor or worth to God .
The Algeria national football team , nicknamed Les Fennecs ( The Desert Foxes ) , is the national team of Algeria and is controlled by the Fédération Algérienne de Football .
Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites , many of which originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta and as such are part of the HED meteorite group .
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the spirochetal bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum .
Furthermore , the cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely .
It may include the distribution of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or spreading malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
MomLogic.com writer Vuv-A-Licious agrees , asking '' What 's the big deal ?
A Chapel Royal is a department of the Ecclesiastical Household of the monarch in right of either Canada or the United Kingdom , formally known as the royal Free Chapel of the Household .
Its headquarters are in Hershey , Pennsylvania , which is also home to Hershey 's Chocolate World .
He was one of the few members of the RAF movement who did not attend a university .
'' 7 Things '' was also a success in Australia and New Zealand .
Northern Ireland consists of six of the nine counties of the Irish province of Ulster .
Telemachus gets home first .
High voltage electric power transmission lines : 110 kV RMS and up ( 1150 kV RMS was the record as of 2005 ) Lightning : Varies greatly , often around 100 MV .
In 1849 , Liberty became the home of William Jewell College .
Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
As with most of Mussorgsky 's works , Pictures at an Exhibition has a complicated publication history .
Noted reproduction and fertility expert Dr Jack Cohen acted as a consultant on the book , designing the novel life cycle of the alien antagonists , the grendels .
He is widely known for his roles as Little Joe Cartwright in Bonanza ( 1959-1973 ) , Charles Ingalls in Little House on the Prairie ( 1974-1983 ) , and Jonathan Smith in Highway to Heaven ( 1984-1989 ) .
Soon Marcello is burning with jealousy .
Playing their home games at Madison Square Garden , the Rangers are one of the oldest teams in the NHL , having joined in 1926 as an expansion franchise , and are part of the group of teams referred to as the Original Six .
Malcolm Charles Barber ( born March 4 , 1943 ) is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
'' Waltzing Matilda '' is Australia 's most widely known bush ballad , a country folk song , and has been referred to as '' the unofficial national anthem of Australia '' .
Note : GP = Games played ; Min - Minutes Played ; GA = Goals Against ; GAA = Goals Against Average ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts
International Criminal Court , 7 February 2008 .
Bo kov has 58 inhabitants and 2,0825 km .
Write cache reliability The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache , not waiting for the data to be physically written .
He was the first of three children born to biochemists Arthur Kornberg and his wife , Sylvy ( née Levy ) , who worked together .
Since his youth , he had been fond of woodcraft and military scouting , and- as part of their training- showed his men how to survive in the wilderness .
The Catholic Encyclopedia has a more extensive article on blasphemy .
For the purposes of Australian ( and joint Australia-New Zealand ) intergovernmental bodies , the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory are treated as states .
This clock-face zonal system is used in many other European countries ( for example , Spain ) .
Shock ( circulatory ) , a circulatory medical emergency
Miyamoto had first envisioned Bowser as an ox , basing him on the Ox King from the Toei Animation film Alakazam the Great .
Saint-Manvieu-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Historically , the native habitat of the endangered San Joaquin Kit Fox and riparian brush rabbit included the riparian zone near the San Joaquin River .
Before adding a category to an article , please make sure that the subject of the article really belongs in the category that you specified according to Wikipedia 's categorization guidelines .
The connotation essentially relates to how anything may be associated with a word or phrase , for example , an implied value judgment or feelings .
Boy ( album ) , by U2
; Brown , Delmer et al .
The Teutonic Order is expelled from Transylvania .
June 3 & ndash ; Duke Leopold IV of Austria ( b. 1371 )
History of the Budapest Commuter Association ( English ) ) Settlements of the Budapest Commuter Area ( Hungarian ) The city covers an area of within the city limits .
The flag of Haiti was adopted on February 25 , 1987 .
The Macquarie River has a history of flooding , some significant events are listed below .
Anton began his career as a college circuit comedian in the 1980s .
Early years ( Birth -- 1522 ) Anne was the daughter of Sir Thomas Boleyn , later first Earl of Wiltshire and first Earl of Ormonde , and his wife , Lady Elizabeth Howard , daughter of the 2nd Duke of Norfolk .
The Confession of Chalcedon ( also Definition or Creed of Chalcedon ) , also known as the '' Doctrine of the Hypostatic Union '' or the '' Two-Nature Doctrine '' , was adopted at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 in Asia Minor .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
The treaties involved the Holy Roman Emperor , Ferdinand III ( Habsburg ) , the Kingdoms of Spain , France and Sweden , the Dutch Republic and their respective allies among the princes and the Free imperial cities of the Holy Roman Empire .
The national language is Dzongkha , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .
This category is for orphaned articles only .
In HTTP , a web browser , for example , acts as a client , while an application running on a computer hosting a web site functions as a server .
They form the largest Hispanic group in the United States , and contain the largest group of White Hispanic and Latino Americans .
The area now covered by the Territory includes three regions which , before 1962 , were separate dependencies of the Falkland Islands : Graham Land , the South Orkney Islands , and the South Shetland Islands .
Delhi and Goa have state status .
The movie was later repudiated by Kurosawa and is often not counted with the 30 other films he made , though it is listed in some filmographies of the director .
Corinth is a city in Grant , Harrison , and Scott Counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
The Kalgan River was named the ` Riviere des Francais ' by the French Scientific Expedition in 1803 , captained by French explorer Nicolas Baudin , in the Geographe , which anchored in what is now known as Frenchmans Bay , and was subsequently known as the ` French River ' by early settlers .
Sir James Mitchell GCMG ( 27 April 1866 -- 26 July 1951 ) was the 13th Premier of Western Australia , serving on two occasions , the Lieutenant-Governor of Western Australia for 15 years and the 22nd Governor of Western Australia .
Michelle Kwan , who is Kim 's idol and the most decorated figure skater in the U.S. history , joined the ice show .
He briefly teamed with Sheamus O'Shaunessy under the team name '' the Movers and the Shakers '' .
For it suggests that in order for Belinda to merit inclusion in a series defining the British novel , Edgeworth had to make her colonial characters less visible , less integrated socially into English society .
Dunkirk has the third largest harbor in France , after those of Le Havre and Marseilles .
Today , some grenades are fired from rifles or from purpose-designed grenade launchers .
Therizinosaurs such as Falcarius are also known from the Early Cretaceous of North America .
It is in this context that one runs across the fundamental theorem of arithmetic and arithmetic functions .
Since the 1990s , developments such as CityPlace and the preservation and renovation of 1920s architecture in the nightlife hub of Clematis Street have seen a downtown resurgence in the entertainment and shopping district .
Bede (/O1723:46/O) .
Description Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley some 12 kilometers ( 7.4 miles ) from Locarno at the north end of the artificial Lake Vogorno , and 20 km from the border with Italy .
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible ( also called sometimes physical ) representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
The skull of Epidexipteryx is also unique in a number of features , and bears an overall similarity to the skull of Sapeornis , oviraptorosaurs and , to a lesser extent , therizinosauroids .
Saramago 's novels often deal with fantastic scenarios , such as that in his 1986 novel The Stone Raft , in which the Iberian Peninsula breaks off from the rest of Europe and sails around the Atlantic Ocean .
Alfreton 's railway station was closed as part of the Beeching era of rail cuts .
He is the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 Japanese national champion , the 2008 Four Continents Champion , and the 2007 World silver medalist .
Francesco '' Checco '' Moriero ( born 31 March , 1969 in Lecce ) is a retired Italian football ( soccer ) player turned manager .
His father , Paul Foucault , was an eminent surgeon and hoped his son would join him in the profession .
It was the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the season , making the 2005 season the first to record so many storms .
The Master of the Mississippi is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the second of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
The British Rail Class 109 is a class of 2-car diesel multiple units built in 1957 by D. Wickham & Company Five two-car units were built featuring an unusual body design .
Johor was the first state and currently the only state in Malaysia that has its own military force called the Royal Johor Military Force or ` Timbalan Setia Negeri ' .
Moore started a street punk band called The Riots when he was 13 , along with friends he met at these concerts . His second band , Hazel-rah , experimented with a more ambient rock sound .
In 1986 , the Midland High School was closed .
Plautus was sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
Parcy-et-Tigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Second International ( 1889 1916 ) was an organization of socialist and labour parties formed in Paris on July 14 , 1889 .
With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947 , Lahore Division itself was divided among the two countries .
One example is the '' Separate Prison '' system based on Pentonville prison in London .
Only males are allowed entrance into Mount Athos , which is called '' Garden of the Virgin '' by monks , Athonite monasticism at the dawn of the third millennium , Pravmir Portal and Orthodox Christians take precedence in the permit issuance procedure .
Emmanuel College is a chain of Roman Catholic secondary schools associated with the Marianists .
Strong wind shear ( which disrupts cyclone formation ) and a lack of weather disturbances favorable for tropical cyclone development make any hurricane-strength cyclones extremely rare .
Although it is reported that his uncle Dominic was a one-time IRA chief of staff , J. Bowyer Bell states in his book , The Secret Army : The IRA 1916 ( Irish Academy Press ) , that Dominic Adams was a senior figure in the IRA of the mid-1940s .
Fred Yates ( July 25 , 1922 -- July 7 , 2008 ) born Frederick Joseph Yates , was an English artist .
Two television series were initiated on CBS : the Young People 's Concerts and '' Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic . ''
Andrew Lloyd Webber , Baron Lloyd-Webber ( born 22 March 1948 ) is an English composer of musical theatre , the elder son of organist William Lloyd Webber and brother of the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber .
The Medici family becomes powerful in Florence .
It was a military agreement that marked a complete defeat for Germany , but was neither an unconditional surrender nor a treaty .
Sukkur district is a district in Sindh Province in Pakistan . It is divided into 4 administrative strata ( tehsils ) , namely ; Sukkur City , Rohri , Saleh Pat and Pano Aqil .
Henry , nearing 50 and expanding in girth , showered his young bride with wealth , jewels , and fantastically expensive gifts .
In 1976 , despite several knee operations that left him playing in severe pain , Orr was named the most valuable player in the Canada Cup international competition .
A non-profit organization ( abbreviated as NPO , also known as a not-for-profit organizationThe International Center for Not-For-Profit Law .
Of the school age population ( ) , there are 995 students attending primary school , there are 377 students attending secondary school , there are 633 students attending tertiary or university level schooling , there are 25 students who are seeking a job after school in the municipality .
But as Sheridan Morley perceptively remarked in 2000 , when reviewing Cressida : '' Gambon 's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor Richardson '' .
Muawiyah , a relative of Uthman and governor ( Wali ) of Syria , became one of Ali 's challengers and after Ali 's death managed to overcome the other claimants to the Caliphate .
At the Fourth International Conference of American States ( Buenos Aires , 1910 ) , the name of the organization was changed to the '' Union of American Republics '' and the Bureau became the '' Pan American Union '' .
Australia has the majority of different kinds of truffles and Potoroos like to eat a variety of them .
According to the guides , the chapel is still used regularly for family functions , but regardless , no one is allowed to sit in that seat .
William Bouguereau ( , vill-yam boo-guh-roe ) was a traditionalist whose realistic genre paintings and mythological themes were modern interpretations of Classical subjects with a heavy emphasis on the female human body .
The maximum depth is approximately 400 f/O. The lake varies seasonally from about 95 t above mean sea level .
GameRankings lists the game as the best reviewed Wii game and the second best reviewed game of all time .
Before forming Escape the Fate , vocalist Ronnie Radke , bassist Max Green , drummer Robert Ortiz , lead guitarist Bryan Monte Money , and rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa were in multiple bands together .
The Nazis won 50 percent of votes in the Volkstag elections of 28 May 1933 .
Rhea ( , In US dictionary transcription , .
Yushchenko claimed that he had been poisoned by government agents .
The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season was a very active hurricane season with sixteen named storms formed , including eight that became hurricanes and five that became major hurricanes .
He attended Mississippi State University , where he participated in college baseball .
The red fox ( Vulpes vulpes ) is a mammal of the order Carnivora .
It is bordered to the north by the North Sea , Denmark , and the Baltic Sea ; to the east by Poland and the Czech Republic ; to the south by Austria and Switzerland ; and to the west by France , Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands .
'' And did those feet in ancient time '' is a short poem by William Blake from the preface to his epic Milton a Poem .
In team sports , a shutout ( a clean sheet in association football ) refers to a game in which one team prevents the opposing team from scoring .
However , an almost identical spot emerged in Neptune 's northern hemisphere .
In contrast , Mal is , at the movie 's beginning , a man who has lost all faith .
The Kodiak Archipelago , in the Pacific east of the Alaska Peninsula , is the most eastern part of Southwest Alaska .
St. Barths has a tidal difference of only 8 -- 15 cm .
The proposal for New York City secession would separate Downstate New York , containing New York City , from the more conservative , and rural upstate New York .
The last time Carr worked with Kiss was in July 1991 when Kiss filmed the video for '' God Gave Rock ` N Roll To You '' with Carr playing drums .
Most commercial aircraft are flown below the tropopause or '' trop '' if at all possible to take advantage of the troposphere 's temperature lapse rate .
Evander Holyfield ( born October 19 , 1962 ) is a professional boxer from the United States and a multiple world champion in both the cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions , earning him the nickname '' The Real Deal '' .
Kaprijke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Reproduction Both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella , one whiplash per individual .
Vilvoorde ( Vilvorde in French ) is a Belgian municipality in the Flemish province of Flemish Brabant .
Opera runs on a variety of personal computer operating systems , including Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X , Linux , FreeBSD , and Solaris .
The term derives from the Latin patronatus , the formal relationship between a Patronus and his Clientes .
Over a three-week period , Richards , Thorn , and Burke were eliminated , with Dreamer winning the number one contendership .
Later , Kinneret pioneers established Kibbutz Degania . The Kinneret is considered the cradle of the kibbutz culture of early Zionism and the birthplace of Naomi Shemer and the burial site of Rachel - two of the most prominent Israeli poets .
For applications requiring direct current , such as third rail power systems , alternating current is distributed to a substation , which utilizes a rectifier to convert the power to direct current .
Boreanaz 's only starring role in a major theatrical film was in 2001 's slasher horror film , Valentine , alongside Denise Richards and Katherine Heigl .
Accessed : July 15 , 2010 These religions are also classified as Eastern religions .
Candice defeated Melina to capture her first WWE Women 's Championship at , becoming the first ever WWE Diva Search contestant to win the Women 's Title .
Jurowski began his musical studies at the Moscow Conservatory .
Per Mertesacker ( ; born 29 September 1984 in Hannover ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Werder Bremen and the Germany national football team .
He was born in Melapalayam , Erode then Kongunadu , Southern India .
Following the change , Horio Yoshiharu decides to move to build Matsue Castle instead of Gassan-Toda , and soon after Yoshiharu 's death the castle is completed .
A combined force of troops from the United States ( nearly 10,000 troops ) , Jamaica and members of the Regional Security System ( RSS ) ( approximately 300 troops ) Country-data .
Courvaudon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The remaining man escapes .
Runnymede is a water-meadow alongside the River Thames in the English county of Surrey , and just over west of central London .
( born November 16 , 1952 in Sonobe , Kyoto , Japan ) is a Japanese video game designer and producer .
In the context of witchcraft , broomstick is likely to refer to the broom as a whole .
Other factors such as the length of an arm wrestler 's arm , his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density , hand grip size , wrist endurance and flexibility , reaction time , as well as countless other traits , can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another .
Ice cubes are also produced commercially and sold in bulk ; these ice cubes , despite their name , are often cylindrical , and may have holes through the center .
Nickel Creek has covered songs by Weezer , Radiohead , Pavement , Coldplay , Elliott Smith , Bob Dylan , The White Stripes , the Jackson Five , The Beatles , Beck , and Britney Spears .
She gained fame as a contestant on the fifth season of the Fox reality show American Idol in 2006 , eventually finishing as the runner-up .
Economy Bangui serves as an administrative , trade , and commercial center .
The group was formed to help in the education and public awareness of the potoroo .
The Prince Leopold , Duke of Albany ( Leopold George Duncan Albert ; 7 April 1853 -- 28 March 1884 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , a son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert .
Finland , officially the Republic of Finland , is a Nordic country situated in the Fennoscandian region of Northern Europe .
Less than Perfect is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from October 1 , 2002 to June 6 , 2006 .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
In 1985 , he became Minister for the Environment in the Landtag of Hesse in the first governmental Red-Green coalition between the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) and the Greens .
The group became popular regionally , and toured the United States east coast and Midwest .
The formula of the acetate anion ( part of a salt ) is written as CH3CO2 & minus ; , C2H3O2 & minus ; , and CH3COO & minus ; .
He has played for Japan national team .
Her brothel there boasted such patrons as Robert Benchley , New York City mayor Jimmy Walker , and mobster Dutch Schultz .
The Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) ( , ) is an amateur Irish and international cultural and sporting organisation focused primarily on promoting Gaelic games , which include the traditional Irish sports of hurling , camogie , Gaelic football , handball and rounders .
The character returned as The Doctor 's sole full-time companion for the whole of the fourth series in 2008 .
Hall called him '' unsentimental , dangerous and immensely powerful '' , even The Sunday Times curmudgeonly critic of the day called his performance '' a decisive step in the direction of great tragedy ... great acting '' , while fellow actors paid him the rare compliment of applauding him in the dressing room on the first night .
John could trace his ancestry back to William the Conqueror .
Other metals that do not form amalgams with mercury include tantalum , tungsten and platinum .
Sub Timer1_Tick ( ByVal sender As Object , ByVal e As EventArgs ) Handles Timer1 .
The Solar System consists of the Sun and those celestial objects bound to it by gravity , all of which were formed from the collapse of a giant molecular cloud approximately 4.6 billion years ago .
The city was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period .
Usually built to accommodate a driver and perhaps one adult passenger , their use is much like motorcycles and All-terrain vehicles ( ATVs ) intended for winter use on snow-covered ground and frozen ponds and waterways .
Some New Testament scholarship has shown that this picture of Mary Magdalene is not true .
A game is a structured , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool .
They are thought to be abundant in cold , deep waters of the Atlantic .
To distinguish him from Ajax , son of Oileus ( Ajax the Lesser ) , he is called '' Telamonian Ajax , '' '' Greater Ajax , '' or '' Ajax the Great '' .
A list of maps can be found at Location maps .
They describe the character of the people of the kingdom .
Northeastern North America ; important in forestry .
At the funeral of Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977 , Scheel gave a speech entitled shame .
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu ` izzi ( also written Mu ` ezzi ) was an 11th century and 12th century poet of Persia .
The family contains well-known species such as Brassica oleracea ( cabbage , cauliflower , etc. ) , Brassica rapa ( turnip , Chinese cabbage , etc. ) , Brassica napus ( rapeseed , etc. ) , Raphanus sativus ( common radish ) , Armoracia rusticana ( horseradish ) , Matthiola ( stock ) , Arabidopsis thaliana ( model organism ) and many others .
Cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants ( and smaller towns in some states ) do usually not belong to a district , but take over district responsibilities themselves , similar to the concept of independent cities .
This adds up to 1.7 million cubic metres of timber or 25 million fully grown trees every year .
Carlos Sastre Candil ( born 22 April 1975 in Leganés , Madrid ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer and champion of the 2008 Tour de France .
May 6 & ndash ; Louis XIV of France moves his court to Versailles .
For two centuries Calais remained an integral part of England , with representation in the English Parliament ( see Pale of Calais ) . In 1558 Calais was finally recaptured by the French .
The soprano ranges are also written from middle C to A an octave higher , but sound one octave higher than written .
Physiology In some circumstances , release of nitric oxide precedes relaxation of the clitoral cavernosal artery and nearby muscle , in a process similar to male arousal .
Beat Records Godzilla Entertainment Gold Castle Records Gold Label Records Gold Mind Records Gold Mountain Records Gold Standard Laboratories Gold Star Music Gold Star Records Golden Era Records Golden World Records Goldenrod Records The Goldmind Inc. .
It is the third game to use its gameplay , and is the sequel to Osu !
Stanley , Richard P. ( 1997 , 1999 ) Enumerative Combinatorics , Vols .
The simplest turbines have one moving part , a rotor assembly , which is a shaft with blades attached .
After divorcing his first wife , Bennington married Talinda Ann Bentley , a former Playboy model , with whom he has had a child , Tyler Lee .
In North America , the Monarch ranges from southern Canada to northern South America .
ISBN 0684827123 In 1606 Cornelis Matelief de Jonge wrote an important description of the dodo , some other birds , plants and animals on the island .
Nicole Margaret '' Nikki '' Blonsky ( born November 9 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer .
Georgius Agricola ( 24 March 1494 -- 21 November 1555 ) was a German scholar and scientist .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 205 ; Discussion of Color Taupe , Page 183 ; Color Sample of Taupe : Page 55 Plate 16 Color Sample A6 This is the most popular color for leather sofas .
Stratford , Warwick , and Kenilworth all house 20,000-25 ,000 inhabitants , while the smaller towns of Atherstone , Alcester , Coleshill , Southam , Bulkington , Polesworth , Kingsbury , Henley-in-Arden , Studley , Shipston . Wellesbourne and Whitnash have populations between 5,000 and 12,000 .
The use of LFSRs on their own , however , is insufficient to provide good security .
These antennas are the simplest practical antennas from a theoretical point of view . They are used alone as antennas , notably in traditional '' rabbit ears '' television antennas , and as the driven element in many other types of antennas , such as the Yagi .
The first practical electron microscope was constructed in 1938 , at the University of Toronto , by Eli Franklin Burton and students Cecil Hall , James Hillier , and Albert Prebus ; and Siemens produced the first commercial Transmission Electron Microscope ( TEM ) in 1939 .
National Catholic Reporter .
Li Hongzhi introduced Falun Gong to the public in May 1992 , in Changchun , Jilin Province .
Frank-Walter Steinmeier ( born 5 January 1956 ) is a German politician who has served as the Foreign Minister of Germany since 22 November 2005 in the Grand Coalition of Angela Merkel .
The sale of seeds to nurseries and collectors is another threat , as the seeds of popular palms are sometimes harvested directly from the wild .
The word archipelago is directly derived from the Greek arkhon ( arkhi - ) ( '' leader '' ) and pelagos ( '' sea '' ) .
The band 's current line-up consists of Anthony Kiedis ( vocals ) , Michael '' Flea '' Balzary ( bass ) , Chad Smith ( drums ) , and Josh Klinghoffer ( guitar ) .
He also had a project called The Caliban Sessions in which he and other guest musicians played several instruments .
The University of San Francisco ( USF ) , is a private , Jesuit university located in San Francisco , California . Founded in 1855 , USF was established as the first university in San Francisco .
The Latin alphabet , also called the Roman alphabet , is the most widely used alphabetic writing system in the world today .
Samuel Coleridge-Taylor ( 15 August 1875 -- 1 September 1912 ) was an English composer who achieved such success that he was once called the '' African Mahler '' .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 , the fifth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
The exact technique varies somewhat depending on the type of stringed instrument .
Siege of Washington for Little People .
The Indonesian capital city , Jakarta , is in west Java .
St. Mirren play in the Scottish Premier League , having been promoted from the First Division in 2005 - 06 .
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) to artists working in the motion picture industry .
It is 16 miles east of Newport and 124 miles west of London .
Anthony Keith '' Tony '' Gwynn , Sr. ( born May 9 , 1960 in Los Angeles , California ) , nicknamed Mr. Padre and Captain Video , is a former Major League Baseball right fielder .
The university 's faculties are divided into eight areas : Applied Sciences , Arts and Social Sciences , Business Administration , Communication , Art & Technology , Education , Environment , Health Sciences , and Science .
Brand Consultants , which puts its focus on providing consultancy services for complex branding and design processes to service industries , followed in 2005 .
Lublin is not only the biggest City in eastern Poland , but the most important culture core city also . Since accession of Poland into the EU , Lublin is called '' Gate to the East '' , and that 's true .
Alexander Hamilton ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757 - July 12 , 1804 ) was the first United States Secretary of the Treasury , a Founding Father , economist , and political philosopher .
Initially , the depression tracked west-northwest at about , and most of the associated convection was separated from the center .
Jeong thought that Neo-Confucianism , the dominant ideology of the time lacked practicality and relevance to his time , suggesting the need to reappreciate the spirit of the early Confucianism , i.e. , practicality .
It sold a record 2.42 million in its first week of release . By the end of 2000 , it had sold over 9.9 million copies .
One of the hardest tasks during his term was dealing with the crisis of the Yugoslav wars after the disintegration of former Yugoslavia .
The Moral Code was adopted at the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
Foster was the 35th Governor of Ohio , and later went on to serve as Secretary of the Treasury under Benjamin Harrison .
See Attributing and specifying biased statements in the Neutral point of view policy .
Foxtrot is a dance and style of music .
Achlorhydria and hypochlorhydria refer to states where the production of gastric acid in the stomach is absent or low , respectively .
The 1960 - 61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League .
De author of the stories was Hendricus Scheepstra .
The orchestra has also begun to issue new CD recordings under its own label .
In Great Britain , bonfires are particularly associated with Guy Fawkes Night ( also known as fireworks night or bonfire night ) , an annual commemoration of the discovery of the The Gunpowder Plot on 5 November 1605 .
A driver typically communicates with the device through the computer bus or communications subsystem to which the hardware connects .
In order to be a canon at Cambrai , he needed a law degree , which he obtained in 1437 ; he may have studied at University of Turin in 1436 .
The most widely used medication are mifepristone or methotrexate either alone or in combination with a prostaglandin .
; & ndash ; Scholar search
However , Mary and Francis were to have no children during their short lived marriage , possibly due to Francis ' illnesses or his undescended testicles .
It is also one of Taiwan 's cultural capitals , as it houses the first Confucian School/Temple , built in 1665 on the island , the remains of the Northern and Southern gates of the old city , and countless other historical monuments .
George Denis Patrick Carlin ( May 12 , 1937 & ndash ; June 22 , 2008 ) was an American stand-up comedian , social critic , actor , and author , who won five Grammy Awards for his comedy albums .
Northeastern State University & ndash ; Tahlequah , Oklahoma
Ammonium hydroxide , also known as ammonia water , ammonical liquor , ammonia liquor , aqua ammonia , aqueous ammonia , or simply ammonia , is a solution of ammonia in water .
When he breaks out of his cell , he discovers that she is an Elf . Murtagh and Saphira stage a rescue , and Eragon escapes with the unconscious Elf .
The equals sign is placed between the things stated to be exactly the same , as in an equation .
For example , a future album whose article is titled '' ( Artist ) 's Next Album '' and consists solely of blog or fan forum speculation about possible titles , or songs that might be on the album , is a violation of Wikipedia is not a crystal ball and should be discussed only in the artist 's article , and even then only if there is some verifiable information about it .
Wales was '' ... reported to be considering vetting all persons who adjudicate on factual disputes . ''
A finite string is a finite sequence of letters from an alphabet ; for instance a binary string is a string drawn from the alphabet .
History Constructed between 1892 - 1895 with a large disappearing gun emplacement , the fort operated until 1910 , upon which the fort became obsolete .
Blaignan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Lactose is a disaccharide sugar that is found most notably in milk and is formed from galactose and glucose .
Margaret stands out as the only prograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
Published Aug. 12 , 2007 .
The staff symbolizes the diocese of Ratzeburg , which in 1648 became the Principality of Ratzeburg .
Earthsea became the setting for a further six books , beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan , The Farthest Shore , Tehanu , Tales from Earthsea and The Other Wind .
A widespread explanation of the origin of the traditional English name Bombay holds that it was derived from a Portuguese name meaning '' good bay '' .
That November , the German Army Group Center was stopped at the outskirts of the city and then driven off in the Battle of Moscow .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
Courcy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Mosques will often invite poorer members of the Muslim community to share in beginning and breaking the fasts , as providing charity during Ramadan is regarded in Islam as especially honorable .
His cosmological theories went beyond the Copernican model in proposing that the Sun was essentially a star , and moreover , that the universe was in fact infinite .
Queen Anne 's Revenge Online Blackbeard often fought , or simply showed himself , wearing a big feathered tricorn , and having multiple swords , knives , and pistols at his disposal .
At just 9 years old she placed 5th in the 1969 U.S. Open straight pool championship , and placed 4th and 3rd respectively in the following two U.S. Opens .
Williamsburg is an independent city located on the Virginia Peninsula in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , USA .
The mayor is Tim Reed .
He played in two 1962 World Cup Qualification matches for the West German national team .
It is distinguished from a shrub by its ground-hugging stems and lower height , with overwintering perennial woody growth typically less than 10 -- 20 cm tall , or by being only weakly woody and\/or persisting only for a few years .
As opposed to the previous Pullman Car Company locomotive-hauled carriage trains , and the Brighton Belle electrical multiple units , the Blue Pullmans were the first diesel-electric multiple units designed for high-speed Pullman train services incorporating several novel features .
The total population of Brunei Darussalam is about 600,000 of which around 130,000 live in the capital Bandar Seri Begawan .
The formation of geysers is due to particular hydrogeological conditions , which exist in only a few places on Earth , so they are a fairly rare phenomenon .
Leo Bernard Gorcey ( June 3 , 1917 - June 2 , 1969 ) was an American stage and movie actor who became famous for portraying on film the leader of the group of young hooligans known variously as the Dead End Kids , The East Side Kids and The Bowery Boys .
Schwabacher typefaces dominated in Germany from about 1480 to 1530 , and the style continued in use occasionally until the twentieth century .
USB adapters that allow gameport controllers to work have also been available .
She was the daughter of director and producer Tony Richardson and actress Vanessa Redgrave , granddaughter of actors Sir Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson , Debrett 's People of Today .
In 1954 , Tammany Hall boss Carmine DeSapio defeated Roosevelt 's son , Franklin D. Roosevelt , Jr. , during the New York Attorney General elections .
Her father died when she was young , and Coco moved at the age of ten with her mother and sisters to San Francisco , California .
The Pieridae are a large family of butterflies with about 76 genera containing approximately 1,100 species , mostly from tropical Africa and Asia .
He was the son of a Croat Catholic father and a Serb Orthodox mother .
Their international trophy hall includes three World Club titles ( two as the Intercontinental Cup , and one as the FIFA Club World Championship ) , three Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , one Copa Conmebol , one Supercopa Sudamericana and one Copa Masters Conmebol .
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots ( some individuals lack these spots ) .
Eugenio Corini ( born July 30 , 1970 in Bagnolo Mella , Italy ) is an Italian association football coach and former player , last in charge as head coach of Serie B club Crotone .
This tradition was upheld until the 1992 Games in Albertville , France ; after that , beginning with the 1994 Games , the Winter Olympics were held on the third year of each Olympiad .
Jeffrey '' Jeff '' Nero Hardy ( born August 31 , 1977 ) is an American professional wrestler .
It characterizes itself as '' [ d ] one in the spirit of Ambrose Bierce 's The Devil 's Dictionary '' .
PCLinuxOS , often abbreviated as PCLOS , is a desktop operating system .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
He is perhaps best known for his role as Farhad in the 2004 movie Crash , as Rahim Khan in the movie The Kite Runner , and as Yinsen in the movie Iron Man .
Critiquing the reductionistic Cartesian view that everything can be studied in parts to understand the whole , Capra encourages his readers to take a holistic approach .
He was born at the Royal Chateau at Fontainebleau , the son of Henry II , King of France ( 31 March 1519 & ndash ; 10 July 1559 ) and Catherine de ' Medici ( 13 April 1519 & ndash ; 5 January 1589 ) .
Zooplankton ( from Greek zoon , or animal ) , small protozoans or metazoans ( e.g. crustaceans and other animals ) that feed on other plankton and telonemia .
Dagobert of Pisa becomes Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem .
The Emu ( Dromaius novaehollandiae ) is the largest bird native to Australia and the only extant member of the genus Dromaius .
The Philharmonic 's home is Avery Fisher Hall , located in New York 's Lincoln Center .
The road is designated unsuitable for caravans , trailers and semi-trailers due to its long , narrow , and steep descent down to McKillops Bridge which crosses the Snowy River near its juncture with the Deddick River .
Camden County is the first and only consolidated city-county in the state .
The focus is '' keep it simple '' , which is reflected in a simple tar.gz-based package system , BSD-style initscripts , and a relatively small collection of trimmed packages DD-WRT Embedded firewall distribution .
Ibadis agree with Sunnis in approving of Abu Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab , whom they regard as the two rightly-guided Caliphs .
Christiaan Huygens discovered this first observed moon orbiting Saturn with the first telescope they built .
When Henry II died on 10 July 1559 , Mary , Queen of Scots , became Queen consort of France ; her husband becoming Francis II of France .
The Guardians of Scotland were the de facto heads of state of Scotland during the First Interregnum of 1286 -- 1292 , and the Second Interregnum of 1296 -- 1306 .
Doucelles is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
They crawl across the seafloor using their flexible arms for locomotion .
Pirajoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ian Gillan ( born 19 August 1945 in Hounslow , London ) is an English rock music vocalist and songwriter , best known as the lead singer and lyricist for Deep Purple .
The work could involve copying books , including sacred texts , or secretarial and administrative duties such as taking of dictation and the keeping of business , judicial and historical records for kings , nobility , temples and cities .
Both are well-represented in the canton , with Roman Catholics forming a slight plurality ( 47 % Catholic to 41 % Protestant ) .
In each game there are 2 umpires on horses and a referee on the side .
Despite being nearly blind from an early age , he achieved great success .
The term Papuan languages refers to those languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian .
Baltoro Kangri ( also known as the Golden Throne ) is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
As a coach , he achieved a good measure of success , including an Allan Cup victory with the Spokane Jets in 1970 .
He killed Harry 's parents , and then he tried to kill Harry -- he tried to curse him ... Harry has to find out , before we find out .
Zwickauer Land is a former Kreis ( district ) in the south-west of the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Le Mazeau is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .
They are owned by Lotte and won the KBO Championship , Korean Series in 1984 and 1992 .
The pilot episode aired in the United States on Fox on February 6 , 2005 , thirty minutes after the end of Super Bowl XXXIX ; the regular series began May 1 , 2005 , after the season premiere of Family Guy .
It is colored light blue on the Tube map and , in terms of the average number of journeys per mile , is the busiest line on the network .
image_skyline = Tulcea .
HD DVD ( short for High-Definition\/Density DVD ) is a discontinued high-density optical disc format for storing data and high-definition video .
A stunt performer or stuntman is someone who performs dangerous stunts , often as a career .
Gibraltar is used to secure local area networks as a firewall software .
The two tribes , Koror and Ulong , then participated in the first reward\/immunity challenge , with the winner , Koror , deciding to leave their present beach to another one they had not seen .
On 26 July 2010 , Neymar was selected in the squad for the Brazil team by new head coach Mano Menezes for a friendly match against the USA on 10 August 2010 .
The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri .
The name is derived from the word okonomi , meaning '' what you like '' or '' what you want '' , and yaki meaning '' grilled '' or '' cooked '' ( cf.
Tom and Jerry : The Magic Ring is a 2001 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry .
Staff , the Nunchaku , the Sai , and the Japanese Kumori Katana .
Adam Smith ( baptised 16 June 1723 - died 17 July 1790 ) was a Scottish social philosopher and a pioneer of political economy .
An exception is made for United Kingdom '' national days '' , when on buildings where only one flagpole is present the Saltire shall be lowered and replaced with the Union Flag .
Those prince-bishops who had converted to Lutheranism were required to give up their territories ( the principle called reservatum ecclesiasticum ) .
As a result , Harry 's increasingly angry and erratic behavior nearly estranges him from Ron and Hermione .
Household cleaning products provide aesthetic and hygiene benefits but are also associated with health risks for the users , and building occupants .
Velafrons ( meaning '' sailed forehead '' ) is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mexico .
On January 11 , 2006 , Piper announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer .
The word '' sar '' means '' top '' or '' peak '' in Pashto .
Obituary London Independent , 26 January 2010 .
It states that society has insufficient productive resources to fulfill all human wants and needs .
This was a diplomatic attempt by Roosevelt to reverse the perception of '' Yankee imperialism , '' brought about by the policies instituted ( largely ) by his predecessor , President Herbert Hoover .
The Kaghan Valley is a valley in the north-east of Mansehra District of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan .
The capital is Puerto Baquerizo Moreno .
The magazine was to document all the stages of his journey and help supply him with the necessary information .
There are several types of wordplay used in cryptics .
She became the USSR girls ' champion in 1976 and a year later she won the women 's title .
Unlike ecozones , biomes are not defined by genetic , taxonomic , or historical similarities .
A local government district called Argyll and Bute was formed in the Strathclyde region , including most of Argyll and the Isle of Bute .
Christopher Ivory ( born March 22 , 1988 ) is an American football running back for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
( The Union of the Crowns having occurred three years earlier , in 1603 , when James VI , King of Scots , acceded to the thrones of both England and Ireland upon the death of Elizabeth I of England ) .
Meganthropus paleojavanicus
The excavation and refurbishment of the stadium was part of the legacy of the Greek national benefactor Evangelis Zappas .
Microsoft Encarta was a digital multimedia encyclopedia published by Microsoft Corporation from 1993 to 2009 .
In some countries , especially in Western countries like the U.S. , business casual is appropriate for businessmen to wear and neckties can be left out .
Charles Frazier Stanley ( born September 25 , 1932 ) is the senior pastor of megachurch First Baptist Church Atlanta in northern Atlanta , Georgia .
the three primary macronutrients : nitrogen ( N ) , phosphorus ( P ) , and potassium ( K ) .
The Nordic House is a cultural organization under the Nordic Council of Ministers . The Nordic House is run by a steering committee of eight , of whom three are Faroese and five from other Nordic countries .
Carolyn Simpson - Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales ; Member of the first all-female bench to sit in an Australian court
Bette Midler ( born December 1 , 1945 ) is an American singer , actress and comedian , also known ( by her informal stage name ) as The Divine Miss M/O. She has starred in live-action films such as Ruthless People , Beaches and Hocus Pocus , as well as featuring in animated films such as Oliver & Company and Fantasia 2000 .
; also known as Ooyamatohikosukitomo no Mikoto ; was the 4th emperor of JapanImperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O4/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
The title of Archduke ( feminine : Archduchess ) ( German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin ) denotes a noble rank above Duke and below King , used primarily by princes of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
After the Roman Empire became officially Christian , the term came by extension specifically to refer to a large and important church that has been given special ceremonial rites by the Pope .
District Government of Rawalpindi Its name is derived from the mountain town of Kotli and the Satti tribe .
Of Mice and Men was adapted for the screen three times , the first in 1939 , two years after the publication of the novel .
It peaked at number 32 on the charts and was certified Gold on February 28 , 1977 , when it sold 500,000 copies .
Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern
Atlante Internazionale del Touring Club Italiano ( Italy , 1927 -- 1978 )
Jhando Mari is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of PakistanOfficial website of District Government Tando Allahyar .
It is located approximately 60 km south east of the state capital , Hobart .
It came under the Ancient Roman sphere of influence in 66 BC , after the battle of Tigranocerta and the final defeat of Armenia 's ally , Mithridates VI of Pontus .
Australia , New Zealand and the Pacific Islands Foxtel introduced Pay-per-view direct to home television in Australia and New Zealand in the early 2000s .
Tuttle is a city in Grady County , Oklahoma , United States .
Lifespan for spiny mice is 4 to 7 years .
In 1933 , when Prohibition in the United States ended , Graham 's father forced Graham and his sister Katherine to drink beer until they vomited , which created an aversion , in both of them , to alcohol and drugs .
It is also known as Late Old Japanese , but the term '' Early Middle Japanese '' is preferred , as it is closed to Late Middle Japanese ( after 1185 ) than to Old Japanese ( before 794 ) .
She was most famous for her portrayal of the Shakespearean character , Lady Macbeth , a character she made her own .
The Flames and the Lightning battled hard in the Stanley Cup Finals .
When telephones break , it may be the only way to communicate with people .
Angelica is a genus of about 60 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae , native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere , reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland .
In response , the storm weakened to a tropical storm shortly thereafter .
Golda Meir ( ; born Golda Mabovitch ; 3 May 1898 - 8 December 1978 ) was a teacher , kibbutznik and politician who became the fourth Prime Minister of the State of Israel .
He fought to reconquer the county of Toulouse from Simon de Montfort , 5th Earl of Leicester and later Simon 's son Amaury VI of Montfort .
( '' On water I was built , my walls are made of fire .
In response , the police increased their security measures around the bear .
The atomic number of the atom goes down by exactly two , as a result of the loss of two protons - the atom becomes a new element .
_ Smoot
By the 1920 Treaty of Trianon , Hungary renounced in favor of Romania all the claims of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy over Transylvania .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's controversial comments , which included questioning the dimension of the Holocaust , have sparked discussions concerning Freiburg 's partnership with Isfahan .
The starting point for general relativity is the equivalence principle , which equates free fall with inertial motion , and describes free-falling inertial objects as being accelerated relative to non-inertial observers on the ground .
Instead , he had to content himself with subduing the fortresses that still held out against him , and the only other notable event of 216 BC was the defection of certain Italian territories , including Capua , the second largest city of Italy , which Hannibal made his new base .
The heat energy is emitted from a warm element ( floor , wall , overhead panel ) and warms people and other objects in rooms rather than directly heating the air .
Tony the Tiger was originally voiced by Thurl Ravenscroft , who continued until his death in 2005 .
It is said to be a sapling from the historical Bodhi tree under which Buddha became enlightened .
As everyone begins to relax , a Reaver harpoon suddenly impales Wash , who dies instantly .
Line ( electrical engineering ) , a circuit or loop
Industrial Light & Magic 's ( ILM ) Joe Johnston sketched and Colin Cantwell built models that eventually became the final X-wing fighter in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Church is Chaldean tradition or East Syrian Rite , Major Archiepiscopal Church in Full communion with the Roman Catholic Church .
Pollyanna is a best-selling 1913 novel by Eleanor H. Porter that is now considered a classic of children 's literature , with the title character 's name becoming a popular term for someone with the same optimistic outlook . The book was such a success , that Porter soon produced a sequel , Pollyanna Grows Up ( 1915 ) .
