Amazon.com started as an online bookstore , but soon diversified , selling DVDs , CDs , MP3 downloads , computer software , video games , electronics , apparel , furniture , food , and toys .
Early life and education Clarence Thomas was born in Pin Point , Georgia , a small , impoverished African American community .
Parts of Maida Vale were also included within this .
Similar to those holidays , Cinco de Mayo is observed by many Americans regardless of ethnic origin .
Users should verify that their email address is functional before entering it .
The Greater Berlin Act was passed by the Prussian parliament on 27 April 1920 and came into effect on 1 October of the same year .
True to form , Moore was a quick study , for a time carrying a 233 bowling average .
A hypothesis requires more work by the researcher in order to either confirm or disprove it .
The band immortalized its fight with the PMRC on the song '' Harder , Faster '' from their 1987 live album , Live ... In the Raw .
The movie , although released in black and white , was filmed on color film stock but on a grayscale set , and was later color corrected to black and white during post-production .
People that have played for the New York Football Giants .
For his role as Desmond Hume on the television series Lost , he has received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination .
For instance , Radhanites were a medieval guild or group ( the precise meaning of the word is lost to history ) of Jewish merchants who traded between the Christians in Europe and the Muslims of the Near East .
Niihau is generally off-limits to all but relatives of the island 's owners , U.S. Navy personnel , government officials and invited guests .
Firhill Stadium or Firhill Arena ( also previously known as Firhill Park , but commonly referred to as simply Firhill ) is a football , rugby union and rugby league stadium located in the Maryhill area of Glasgow , Scotland . As of 2010 it is the home ground of football club Partick Thistle F.C. and the Glasgow Warriors rugby union team .
, Oxford University Press , 1994 , ISBN 0198538596 '' Tarski 's definition of truth '' in terms of a T-schema for first-order logic is an example of fully interpreted formal language ; all its sentences have meanings that make them either true or false .
Roger Sherman ( April 19 , 1721 -- July 23 , 1793 ) was an early American lawyer and politician .
These include the ` behavior ' CSS property , which connects the HTML elements with JScript behaviors ( known as HTML Components , HTC ) ; HTML+TIME profile , which adds timing and media synchronization support to HTML documents ( similar to the W3C XHTML+SMIL ) , and the VML vector graphics file format .
On 26 March , during the second game of the best-of-five series between the Bruins and Canadiens , coach-GM Art Ross of Boston pulled his goalie for an extra attacker while down 1 -- 0 with 40 seconds left in the final period .
She was born at Richmond Palace .
Although Pepys had no maritime experience , he rose by patronage , hard work and his talent for administration , to be the Chief Secretary to the Admiralty under both King Charles II and subsequently King James II .
It also consists of the three colors : red , yellow , and blue , which represent the colors of the national flag .
Russia acquires Sukhumi through a treaty with the Abkhazian dukes , and declares a protectorate over the whole of Abkhazia .
Every human community possesses language , which many regard as an innate and defining condition of mankind .
During his travels in South America , Africa , Asia and Oceania he collected important ethnographic information which he gave to the Ethnographic Museum of Zagreb .
The total area is , of which is land and is water .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
From 1990 to 1991 Sarrazin worked for the Treuhand .
Berchtold served in the First World War and held the rank of second lieutenant at the end of the war .
Popescu ( born October 9 , 1967 in Calafat ) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender , and was a key part of the Romanian national team in the 1990s .
Though this album did not reach the best commercial success , it had still managed to sell over 1 000 000 copies in Asia .
La Faute-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Synopsis Setting Duke Nukem 3D is set on Earth '' sometime in the early 21st century '' .
If you make repeated invalid or abusive unblock requests , your talk page may be protected from editing , which means that you may never be unblocked .
Begichev commissioned the score of Swan Lake from Tchaikovsky in 1875 for a rather modest fee of 800 rubles , and soon Begichev began to choose artists that would participate in the creation of the ballet .
is a train station in Mihama-ku , Chiba , Chiba Prefecture , Japan .
Together , they settled in Palm Beach , Florida , and raised three children ( Peter , Liza and Minnie ) .
The line-up includes lead singer and guitarist Menno Versteeg , lead guitarist Nixon Boyd , bassist Dean Baxter , and drummer Jake Boyd . Hollerado also invented Buffalo Wings , in the spring of 2007 .
E.g. sponsorship , product placement , endorsements , sales promotion , merchandising , direct mail , personal selling , public relations , trade shows
It is a continuation of the canceled Fox science fiction television series Firefly , taking place after the events of the final episode .
In early 2007 , the band supported My Chemical Romance as openers on the first half of their arena tour .
To eliminate suffering and achieve this peace , they follow a set of teachings called the Four Noble Truths - a central tenet to their philosophy .
ROTC in the Republic of Korea started in 1963 ; while the Republic of China created its own program in 1997 .
Superhuman stories deal with the emergence of humans who have abilities beyond the norm .
He resumed his career with the Bruins in 1946 and played with them until 1949 , when he was sold to the Chicago Black Hawks where he played his final year in the NHL .
Subaru is the Japanese name for the Pleiades star cluster , which in turn inspires the Subaru logo and alludes to the six companies that merged to create FHI .
The square plan bell tower is from the 15th century .
The capital of the district is the town of Dera Ismail Khan .
Ben Ali was appointed Prime Minister by President Habib Bourguiba on 1 October 1987 ; in this position , he was the President 's constitutional successor .
The common name mussel is used for members of several families of clams or bivalvia mollusca , from saltwater and freshwater habitats .
His brother , Benjamin Zimmer , is a linguist .
Wizard 's First Rule , written by Terry Goodkind , is the bestselling first book in the epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth .
A live CD , live DVD , or live disc is a CD or DVD containing a bootable computer operating system .
Fedora Core 5 was released on March 20 , 2006 , with the codename Bordeaux , and introduced the Fedora Bubbles artwork .
A commune ( comun in Romanian ) is the lowest level of administrative subdivision in Romania .
The word lyric came to be used for the '' words of a song '' ; this meaning was recorded in 1876 .
Pokémon Adventures , released in Japan as , is a Pokémon - related manga based on the video games .
The two discuss various things , including a Prince who is in love with Lulu and wants to marry her .
He is a draft pick of the Bruins , selected second overall in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft .
Firefly takes place in a multi-cultural future , primarily a fusion of Occidental and Chinese cultures , where there is a significant division between the rich and poor .
As Minister of Transport ( 23 December 1965 & ndash ; 6 April 1968 ) , she introduced the breathalyser to combat the then recently acknowledged crisis of drink-driving , and also made permanent the 70mph speed limit .
The term subtropical cyclone merely referred to any cyclone located in the subtropical belt near and just north of the horse latitudes .
It has a maximum depth of about 1,025 meters ( 3,363 ft ) .
Andalusian nationalism or Andalusian regionalism , sometimes referred as Andalucismo in Spanish , is the name given to the political movement in Spain advocating the recognition of Andalusian people as a '' nation '' .
It is but one of nearly 1000 species of Acacia found in Australia .
In July 1991 , after deciding to take a few years ' sabbatical from Pee-wee , Reubens was arrested for indecent exposure in an adult theater in Sarasota , Florida . The arrest set off a chain reaction of national media attention that changed the general public 's view of Reubens and Pee-wee .
Jazz and more ... , music festival held since 2002 at the City of Carnival .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
A herd may also refer to one that tends and cares for such groups ( i.e. shepherds tend to sheep , and goatherds tend to goats , etc. ) .
Sorcha , the seventh child of Irish Lord Colum of Sevenwaters , has been raised almost entirely by her six older brothers .
Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved that allow vertebrate B cells to generate a diverse pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes .
Some shipping companies refer to themselves as '' lines '' and their container ships , which often operate over set routes according to established schedules , as '' liners '' .
On February 27 , 1980 , Rodham gave birth to a daughter , Chelsea , her only child .
Zizhongosaurus ( meaning '' Zizhong lizard '' ) is a genus of primitive herbivorous sauropod dinosaur which lived in the Early Jurassic Period of China .
In 1927 - the year of Sinfonietta 's first performances in New York , Berlin and Brno - he began to compose his final operatic work , From the House of the Dead , the third Act of which was found on his desk after his death .
With his win over unbeaten Carl Froch , bagging the WBC Super Middleweight title , Kessler became a three time world champion .
The range is mostly located in Nunavut but extends southeast into the northernmost tip of Labrador and northeastern Quebec .
Viking Age is the term for the period in European history , especially Northern European and Scandinavian history , spanning the eighth to eleventh centuries .
Benjamin Eager ( born January 22 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
They had the door to the cab at the rear , with a railed veranda behind the cab ; this feature was very unusual on British Rail locomotives although was used on many Yorkshire Engine Co. designs and was/is quite normal in North American practice .
Finally , Naismith further reduced body contact by making the goal unguardable , namely placing it high above the player 's heads .
The statue was not created with feet and does not stand on its own .
Its historical architecture has a style more Mediterranean than Russian , having been heavily influenced by French and Italian styles .
After it was reforged , it could cleave an anvil in twain .
Aksai Chin is one of the two main border dispute areas between India and the People 's Republic of China , the other dispute being the one over Arunachal Pradesh , which is administered by India and claimed by China as South Tibet .
Socks ( cat ) , a household pet of Bill Clinton
Angela Aames ( February 27 , 1956 - November 27 , 1988 ) was an American actress known for her buxom blonde bombshell image .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
In the song , Katie 's ( and later Nelly 's ) beau calls to ask her out to see a show .
In a twist , Jeff Probst revealed that Morgan had won the right to '' kidnap '' one Drake member for a period to extend through the next Reward challenge , and Morgan quickly selected Rupert .
Piquet drives in the Camping World Truck Series with Red Horse Racing , and made his stock car debut in the ARCA RE\/MAX Series at Daytona International Speedway driving the # 6 Toyota for ARCA powerhouse Eddie Sharp Racing .
Boston is also the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston , home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country .
In rugby union and Australian rules football , a fair catch is called a mark ; see mark ( Australian football ) and mark ( rugby ) for more information on fair catches in those games .
Pierluigi Pizzaballa ( born 14 September 1939NFT profile ) is a retired Italian footballer .
It was founded by Charles Haddon Spurgeon , known as '' the Prince of Preachers . ''
Although the North American definition generally refers to films between 20 and 40 minutes , the definition refers to much shorter films in Europe , Latin America and Australasia .
Rumiko Takahashi Anthology , animated by TMS Entertainment , features her stories The Tragedy of P , The Merchant of Romance , Middle-Aged Teen , Hidden In The Pottery , Aberrant Family F , As Long As You Are Here , One Hundred Years of Love , In Lieu of Thanks , Living Room Lovesong , House of Garbage , One Day Dream , Extra-Large Size Happiness , and The Executive 's Dog .
Most , and possibly all galaxies , including the Milky Way , are believed to contain supermassive black holes at their centers .
Cool refers to a moderately low temperature .
In the breakaway region of Transnistria , it is co-official with Ukrainian and Russian .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Zoroastrianism was the dominant religion of Sassanid Persia , and Mazdak himself was a Zoroastrian priest , or mobed , but most of the Zoroastrian clergy regarded his teaching as a heresy .
City of Derry Airport , 25 m to the west , Belfast International Airport , the main regional airport to the south and George Best Belfast City Airport to the south- east are all relatively accessible from Coleraine .
The Netherlands establishes a trading colony at Tainan on Taiwan .
Many notable landmark buildings were significantly damaged or destroyed , including the Presidential Palace , the National Assembly building , the Port-au-Prince Cathedral , and the main jail .
He collaborated with others to translate eventually more than 170 titles , mostly novels , from English or French into Literary Chinese .
John Phillip Key ( born 9 August 1961 ) is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party .
The Juke was designed at Nissan Design Europe in London and refined at Nissan 's Design Centre in Japan . It is based on the Nissan B platform .
About 500 residences lie in the fire 's path .
The Vogelsbergkreis is a Kreis ( district ) in the middle of Hesse , Germany .
The tail is usually curled over the dog 's back .
Paul John Gascoigne ( born 27 May 1967 ) , commonly referred to as Gazza , is a retired English professional football player .
January 23 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England , then 18 years old , appears incognito in the lists at Richmond , and is applauded for his jousting before he reveals himself .
However since The club were taken over by the Lionheart Consortium , it reverted back to its original name , Almondvale Stadium .
As a friendship developed between them , she confided in him her frustration with her 20th Century Fox contract and the roles she was offered .
Kim was the only female skater whose triple-triple combination was recognized by the judges in both the short and free programs during the 2008 - 2009 season .
Players GAMBA OSAKA Official Site His older brother Akihiro , who retired in 2008 , was also a professional footballer .
Second Council of Nicaea ( 787 ) restored the veneration of icons ( condemned at the Council of Hieria , 754 ) and repudiated iconoclasm .
Notes References External links Edsel.com History , specifications , resources for owners .
The team then travels to New Orleans where they are stationed .
Following an incident at his home in 1878 , police parties searched for him in the bush .
The Komodo dragon has a tail as long as its body , as well as about 60 frequently replaced serrated teeth that can measure up to 2.5 centimeters ( 1 inch ) in length .
The show 's first season ran from June 28 , 2009 to September 13 , 2009 .
He played for the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers , a Mariners farm team , until 1996 , when the Mariners received Dave Hollins from the Minnesota Twins for a player to be named later .
The principal exports of Victoria are vanilla , coconuts , coconut oil , tortoise shell , soap , and guano .
Frieza even says upon transforming to his second state that he has a harder time controlling himself and his power due to the immensity of his current strength ( Dragon Ball Z manga , volume 9 , chapter 102 ) .
The village is located at the south-western edge of the Isle of Thanet , Kent , UK , and is situated mainly along the B2047 road , leading off the A263 road between Canterbury and Ramsgate .
Nowitzki experienced a rocky start : prior to the 1998 -- 99 NBA season , NBA commissioner David Stern wanted to introduce a salary cap , causing the NBA players ' union to declare a strike , the combination putting the entire season in jeopardy .
The Vision of Ezra is an ancient apocryphal text , claiming to have been written by the biblical Ezra .
Meerkats have been the subjects of many cultural depictions , some more famous examples including the Animal Planet series Meerkat Manor and an advertising campaign by British company Compare the Market .
Conversely , older men experience it more because of their coarser and more numerous hairs .
Hurricane Vince 's impressive organization was very short lived as westerly wind shear began to erode the eye within hours .
The Waterford Steam Electric Station , Unit 3 , also known as Waterford 3 , is a nuclear power plant located on a 3,000-acre ( 12-km & sup2 ;/O) plot in Killona , Louisiana , in St. Charles Parish .
The area around Ballan was part of the tribal area of the Wautharong people , part of the Kulin nation .
In the Tokugawa era , every neighborhood had one or two soba establishments , many also serving sake , which functioned much like modern cafes where locals would casually drop by for an informal bite to eat .
In the 10th century , the philosopher Ramanuja , who propagated the theory of Visishtadvaitam , brought many changes to worshiping practices , creating new regulations on temple worship , and accepted lower-caste Hindus as his prime disciples .
He is also part-owner and Vice Chairman of Community Activities and Public Affairs of the Baltimore Orioles , a Major League Baseball team .
Its main technical facility has been the Cheyenne Mountain Directorate , formerly Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center , of the Cheyenne Mtn . Air Force Station , Colorado ; and for this reason NORAD is sometimes referred to as Cheyenne Mountain .
It is also linked to Sydney by rail .
As with all PBS programming , PBS Kids programming is non-commercial .
jpg Wine jar , Western Zhou Dynasty ( 1050 BC-771 BC )
Beverly Hills and the neighboring city of West Hollywood are together entirely surrounded by the city of Los Angeles .
It is the only city in the county , and the most southerly city in Great Britain .
In July , 2007 , after the release of Every Second Counts , the song '' Hey There Delilah '' was re-issued as a single and sold unexpectedly well , hitting # 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
It is recorded that John Kelly built this house in 1859 when Ned was about five years old .
The band was formed by guitarist Dexter Holland and bassist Greg Kriesel , who met on their high school cross-country team , under the name '' Manic Subsidal '' .
In 1982 , President Ronald Reagan and the U.S. Congress established the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument , a 110000 a area around the mountain and within the Gifford Pinchot National Forest .
His grandchildren included John Foster Dulles , who also became a U.S. Secretary of State , Allen Welsh Dulles , a Director of Central Intelligence , Eleanor Lansing Dulles , economist and diplomat .
The Cambridge Encyclopedia of the English Language , Cambridge University Press .
, after Alfred Allen Simpson , an Australian philanthropist , geographer , and president of the Royal Geographical Society of South Australia .
It is associated with the High Country tradition of alpine grazing , celebrated in the film The Man from Snowy River , which was made around Mansfield , near the now famous Craigs Hut ( based on a poem by Banjo Paterson with the same name ) .
Namli Maira is a mountainous rural area located in Abbottabad District ( ) .
Never Assume ( Tsunami , 1995 )
Butterscotch is similar to toffee , but for butterscotch the sugar is boiled to the soft crack stage , and not hard crack as with toffee .
Most such sites are small , ephemeral , and\/or very narrowly focused , though sites like SF Site offer a broad range of references and reviews about science fiction .
his films include The NeverEnding Story , Enemy Mine , Outbreak , In the Line of Fire , Air Force One , The Perfect Storm , Troy , and Poseidon .
After being re-elected numerous times in the legislature , Hewes was now focused on a new and more ambitious job as a continental congressman .
Nicholas Jennings in Thomas Harman 's Caveat for Common Cursitors
Biography Anton Bruckner was born in Ansfelden on September 4 , 1824 .
Word arrives that the Doge is coming .
While dry , goz may also support rich pasture and arable land .
Nude beaches first became popular in the 1950s along the French coast and have since spread around the world , though they are still few and far between . Some nude beaches are part of a larger nude area , such as the Cap d'Agde area .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings , also known as 7\/7 , were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on London 's public transport system during the morning rush hour .
Famous existing examples of churches constructed in the ancient basilica style include :
Sitooterie II , Barnards Farm , West Horndon , Essex .
In the National Football League , training camp refers to the time before the season commences .
Designed to be operated on snow and ice , they require no road or trail .
Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern Habitat Wood mice inhabit forests , grasslands , and cultivated fields .
Genet developed throat cancer and was found dead on April 15 , 1986 in a hotel room in Paris .
However a few jurisdictions , such as Singapore and Franklin County , Ohio , also classify the modern American Bulldog as a '' pit bull-type dog '' , while in the United Kingdom a pit bull is an American pit bull terrier .
The Cape Cobra ( Naja nivea ) is a moderately sized cobra inhabiting the arid regions of Southern Africa .
On January 1 , 2006 , Péruwelz had a total population of 16,843 .
French pressed coffee is usually stronger and thicker and has more sediment than drip-brewed coffee .
During Rommel 's time in France , Hitler ordered him to deport the Jews in France ; Rommel disobeyed the order .
The original BASIC was designed in 1964 by John George Kemeny and Thomas Eugene Kurtz at Dartmouth in New Hampshire , USA to provide computer access to non-science students .
Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Wikipedia articles under the CC-BY-SA and GFDL licensing schemes .
Sean Martin , The Knights Templar : The History & Myths of the Legendary Military Order , 2005 .
During World War I , the medal was awarded to military personnel , units above the level of company and civilians for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy .
Despite other students ' attempts to thwart their dreams , Troy and Gabriella resist peer pressure and rivalry , inspiring others along the way not to '' stick to the status quo '' .
The girls ' given name Poppy is taken from the flower .
At the age of 20 , Wales married Pam , a co-worker at a grocery-store in Alabama .
The district of Lippe is named after the Lords of Lippe and their Principality of Lippe .
References See also Threefish Advanced Encryption Standard Data Encryption Standard External links Twofish web page with full specifications , free source code , and other Twofish resources .
Early in his life , he moved with his family from McComb , MS to Carson , CA , and in 1989 started appearing in television commercials for different companies .
In 1920 Horney took up a position within the Institute for Psychoanalysis in Berlin , where she lectured on psychoanalysis for several years .
Winners are selected by a jury of judges and awarded a Golden Horse statuette during the broadcast ceremony .
These years are called '' regular study time '' ( Regelstudienzeit ) and may be exceeded ( which is usually the case ) .
In some Asian cultures , ceremonies also play an important social role , for example the tea ceremony .
While the film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , which aired against '' Invasion of the Bane '' on ITV1 , had a higher overall reach , '' Invasion of the Bane '' had a slightly higher number of viewers head-to-head .
The 1999 merger between Santander and Banco Central Hispano ( BCH ) was designed to be a '' merger of equals '' in which the top executives of the two pre-existing firms would share control of the merged entity .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture ( whether distinct or hidden ) which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong , for example , if a particular subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture , it may be described as a counterculture .
Samuel Chase ( April 17 , 1741 - June 19 , 1811 ) was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and earlier was a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland .
The fine foliage of the original Cootamundra wattle is grey-green , but a blue-purple foliaged form , known as ` Purpurea ' is very popular .
Studies have shown that clear-felling operations , such as the logging run in state forest between the Yarra Ranges National Park and Mount Bullfight Conservation Reserve in February 2006 , lead to the deaths of most possums in the area - '' Adult animals have a strong affinity with their home range and are reluctant to move '' .
Joining full time in October 1950 until January 1951 , he was a visiting professor , assuming Koopman 's classes in the Department of Economics , and led the commission 's research on theory of resource allocation .
In analytical chemistry , a trace element is an element in a sample that has an average concentration of less than 100 parts per million measured in atomic count , or less than 100 micrograms per gram .
As of August 2006 , Pirates of the Caribbean attractions can be found at four Disney theme parks and their related films have grossed more than US$ 2.7 billion .
According to the Encyclopaedia Britannica a robot is '' any automatically operated machine that replaces human effort , though it may not resemble human beings in appearance or perform functions in a humanlike manner '' .
In the center of the shield , a moose rests under a tall pine tree .
The first two letters of the code are the two letters of ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country codes ( which are also used as the basis for national top-level domains on the Internet ) and the third is usually the initial of the currency itself .
He played for the Brazil national football team at the 1954 FIFA World Cup finals .
Nouvion-et-Catillon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The eastern portion was ruled by the Russian tsar as a Congress Kingdom which possessed a liberal constitution .
Pomerol is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Mika Pohjola ( ( born December 1 , 1971 ) is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
In Ancient Egypt , so-called '' Execration Texts '' appear around the time of the 12th Dynasty , listing the names of enemies written on clay figurines or pottery which were then smashed and buried beneath a building under construction ( so that they were symbolically '' smothered '' ) , or in a cemetery .
Windmill ( breakdance move ) or mill , a power move in breakdancing
The lyrics were written by Charles Jesse , and the music by Leton Felix Thomas .
For all a , b and c in R , the equation ( a + b ) + c = a + ( b + c ) holds .
The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to J. R. R. Tolkien 's earlier work , The Hobbit , published in 1937 .
It contains token similarities to many other Square role-playing games such as Chrono Trigger and the Final Fantasy series with a story and action-based gameplay based on the Super Mario Bros. series .
They currently play in Football League One , the third tier of the English football league system , since being relegated from the Football League Championship in 2006 .
Pidgin : This is the '' pidgin '' level of Singlish , which is probably a good representative of an earlier stage of Singlish , before creolization took place and solidified Singlish as a fully formed creole .
Tuupovaara is a former municipality of Finland , located in the province of Eastern Finland .
The Croatia national football team represents Croatia in international football .
As Hesiod related it , each god helped create her by giving her unique gifts .
Elsa kneels in front of him and places her honour in his keeping .
In 1968 , the fair was n't celebrated , but a bullfighting occurred on 13 April 1968 in coincidence of the Holy Saturday .
The film was released in the United States and Canada on November 30 , 2007 .
The reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease .
Meanwhile , the depleted Spiders lost 134 games , the most in MLB history , before folding .
Auxiliary languages ( auxlangs ) devised for international communication ( also IALs , for International Auxiliary Language ) ;
Smith shut-out the Montreal Maroons in the NHL 's longest game , a 176-minute , 30-second affair , on way to a Stanley Cup championship in 1936 .
Foremost among these is the ability to assume human form .
The municipality comprises the towns of Beveren proper , Doel , Haasdonk , Kallo , Kieldrecht , Melsele , Verrebroek and Vrasene .
This system was used in many parts of ancient Africa .
Bagley is a city in Guthrie County , Iowa , United States .
During the 1860s the land was subdivided into farming lots , used for cereals , cattle grazing , and dairying .
It than runs down to Bahawalnagar and Chishtian araes , on the banks of river Sutlej .
Nose-picking is the act of extracting dried nasal mucus or foreign bodies from the nose with a finger .
The structure and body shell are fully customisable for the needs of each system that orders it .
A mutant is a biological entity which has undergone a change in its genetic structure .
Most often , the term describes those who create within a context of ` high culture ' , activities such as drawing , painting , sculpture , acting , dancing , writing , filmmaking , photography , and music -- people who use imagination , talent , or skill to create works that may be judged to have an aesthetic value .
The main ethnic groups or tribes of this area are the Tanolis and the Awans .
The district was created in 1994 by merging the three previous districts Grimmen , Ribnitz-Damgarten and Stralsund .
The Gasterosteidae are a family of fish including the sticklebacks .
Though not in the geographic center of the District of Columbia , the Capitol is the origin by which the quadrants of the District are divided .
The most common function of a diode is to allow an electric current to pass in one direction ( called the diode 's forward direction ) while blocking current in the opposite direction ( the reverse direction ) .
The character , created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , was voiced by Mako in the first and second seasons , but after Mako 's death of esophageal cancer , Iroh was voiced by Greg Baldwin in the third season .
Spencer was the first woman mayor of Huntsville , and the first woman mayor of one of Alabama 's '' four main cities , '' which also include Birmingham , Mobile and Montgomery . When Spencer was first elected mayor in 1996 , she was the co-owner of a local funeral home .
On June 2 , 1986 , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft , but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati , opting instead to enroll at Mississippi State where he developed as a pitcher .
L'Abergement-de-Varey is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Forty-seven 8-car units will be built for use on the Victoria line , replacing the line 's original 1967 Tube Stock .
The southern and western boundaries are limited by the continental shelf , which drops away sharply .
However , she accidentally pricks herself with one of his arrows , and is consumed with desire for her husband .
Any type of protection or unprotection may be requested at .
Naomi Chazan , Israeli politician
In rare cases a CSD refers to only a high school of a school union .
Membership of these groups is very flexible , and males ( boomers ) are not territorial , fighting only after females ( flyers ) which come into heat .
The main religions are Catholicism and Protestantism .
Note : Live versions of '' Cold Hard Bitch '' , '' Move On '' , '' Are You Gon/Ona Be My Girl '' , '' Get Me Outta Here '' and '' Last Chance '' are featured on a bonus DVD or CD on limited editions of Get Born
The fingers of the free hand silenced the unwanted strings in the chord .
Carlos Alomar -- Guitar on '' Fame ''
Santa Catarina has one of the highest standards of living in Brazil , and is a major industrial and agricultural center .
Bette Midler as Georgette : The Foxworth family 's poodle ; becomes jealous of Oliver .
Commercial fishermen harvest almost all aquatic species , from tuna , cod and salmon to shrimp , krill , lobster , clams , squid and crab , in various fisheries for these species .
The game is described as a '' random thinking '' game : the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move .
Epidexipteryx represents the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record .
Wirwignes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Constitution of the German Reich , usually known as the Weimar Constitution ( Weimarer Verfassung ) was the constitution that governed Germany during the Weimar Republic ( 1919 - 1933 ) .
Several times , he withdrew from public performances - during 1936 to 1938 , 1953 to 1965 , 1969 to 1974 , and 1983 to 1985 .
Dennis John Kucinich ( ; born October 8 , 1946 ) is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives and was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 elections .
It is bordered by the countries of Japan , North Korea , Russia , and South Korea .
Paul of Tarsus , Christian evangelist
The novel Catch-22 envisages a U.S. Army Air Corps bomber squadron based on the island during World War II , though author Joseph Heller conceded that he took some literary license in making Pianosa big enough for a major military complex .
Hiroshi Ochiai ( born February 28 , 1946 in Urawa , Saitama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
In 1851 the famous equestrian statue of King Frederick II of Prussia was erected on the center strip , designed by Christian Daniel Rauch .
Cairo is a city in Alexander County , Illinois in the United States .
A spokesman for the Department of Constitutional Affairs told the Sunday Times '' Camilla automatically takes the title Princess of Wales and all the other titles that go with her marriage to the Prince of Wales '' The Sunday Times .
Pidgin ( formerly named Gaim ) is a multi-platform instant messaging client , based on a library named libpurple .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Many fish such as sharks , rays and catfishes can detect electric fields , and are thus electroreceptive , but as they can not generate an electric field they are not classified as electric fish .
Nummi-Pusula ( ) is a municipality of Finland .
Return to England Britten and Pears returned to England in 1942 , and both applied for recognition as conscientious objectors ; Britten was initially refused recognition , but gained it on appeal .
With rare exceptions , old master prints are printed on paper .
The outer wall of the human heart is composed of three layers .
Sayeeda Hussain Warsi , Baroness Warsi ( , born 28 March 1971 ) is a British lawyer and politician .
During the Ascanian Rule the construction of the Spandau Citadel began , which was completed between 1559 and 1594 by Joachim II of Brandenburg .
Since 2000 , the City of Philadelphia has memorialized Faulkner with a street designation and a commemorative plaque .
Most believe that early Homo was the tool maker , but hand fossils from Swartkranz , South Africa , indicate that the hand of Paranthropus robustus was also adapted for precision grasping and tool use .
Maitland is a suburban city in Orange County , Florida , United States , part of the Greater Metro Orlando area .
Although many naturalists have studied aspects of animal behavior throughout history , the modern discipline of ethology is generally considered to have begun during the 1930s with the work of Dutch biologist Nikolaas Tinbergen and Austrian biologists Konrad Lorenz and Karl von Frisch , joint winners of the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
TD Canada Trust is the personal , small business and commercial banking operation of the Toronto-Dominion Bank ( TD ) in Canada .
The Vienna Philharmonic ( in German : Wiener Philharmoniker ) is an orchestra in Austria , regularly considered one of the finest in the world .
A number of Protestant , Catholic , and Orthodox Christians have argued against the series , as have some Shia and Sunni Muslims .
The XX Bomber Command operating Strategic B-29 bombers of the Twentieth Air Force , which were attacking Japan in Operation Matterhorn , were forced to move as well , but although this affected their efficiency for a short time , in early 1945 the Twentieth Air Force moved to newly established bases in the Marianas under the command of the newly established XXI Bomber Command .
Its capital is the city of Arta .
In 2005 , the album was nominated the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album , Non-Classical to the album 's engineers , Thile and Gary Paczosa .
Extraterrestrial life Earth is the only planet in the universe known to harbour life .
John Rhys-Davies ( born 5 May 1944 ) is a British actor and vocal artist .
The town stands on a ridge of yellowish sandstone , crowned by a fort , which contains the palace and several ornate Jain temples .
The Whyte notation for classifying steam locomotives by wheel arrangement was devised by Frederick Methvan Whyte and came into use in the early twentieth century encouraged by an editorial in American Engineer and Railroad Journal ( December 1900 ) .
Robert Walpole , 1st Earl of Orford , KG , KB , PC ( 26 August 1676 - 18 March 1745 ) , known before 1742 as Sir Robert Walpole , was a British statesman who is generally regarded as having been the first Prime Minister of Great Britain .
The couple married on May 6 , 2007 , and honeymooned near The Bahamas .
In 1470 , along with Foligno , Trevi became the fourth town in Italy to have a printing press , managed by the first known printing company .
\* THOSE RESPECTIVE DISAMBIGUATION PAGES \*
Edith Bolling Galt Wilson ( October 15 , 1872 December 28 , 1961 ) , second wife of U.S. President Woodrow Wilson , was First Lady of the United States from 1915 to 1921 .
Pete Johansen - Violin on '' At Sixes and Sevens (/O2002/O) ''
Studios Complex at Aberystwyth Arts Centre , Aberystwyth UniversityAberystwyth Arts Centre : Historybdolnine , 22 May 2009 , Heatherwick 's shining start-ups open in AberystwythThe Guardian , 27 May 2009 , Spikes , curls and crinkles
Taillefontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Aboriginal residents usually live in the suburbs , on special purpose leases ( or town camps ) or further out at Amoonguna to the South and on the small family outstation communities on Aboriginal Lands in surrounding areas .
Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791 , the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon .
English as the main language English was introduced to Singapore by the British in 1819 , when the British established a port and later a colony on the island .
Heat is also loosely referred to as thermal energy , although many definitions require this thermal energy to be in transfer between two systems to be technically called heat , otherwise , many sources prefer to continue to refer to the internal quantity as thermal energy .
It can cause a zoonotic infection in humans , which typically is a result of bites or scratches from domestic pets .
The Children 's Crusade , led by 12-year-old Stephen of Cloyes , sets out for the Holy Land from France .
In medicine , diuretics are used to treat heart failure , liver cirrhosis , hypertension and certain kidney diseases .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
Powderly is a city in Muhlenberg County , Kentucky , United States .
Hartman was asked to serve as executive producer and screenwriter of Doogal , the Americanized dub of the British\/French animated film The Magic Roundabout .
Abert 2007 , 620 When the 25-year-old Mozart arrived in Vienna in 1781 , seeking professional opportunity , one of the first tasks to which he addressed himself was to become acquainted with Stephanie and lobby him for an opera commission .
On 14 December 2008 , it was revealed that the collapse of Bernard Madoff 's Ponzi scheme might mean the loss of 2.33 billion euros at Banco Santander .
Its permanent home is the Opera House on the Unter den Linden boulevard in Berlin .
Merkel , elected to the Bundestag ( German Parliament ) from Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , has been the chairman of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) since 10 April 2000 , and Chairman of the CDU-CSU ( Christian Social Union ) parliamentary coalition from 2002 to 2005 .
The Province of La Spezia ( Italian : Provincia della Spezia ) is a province in the Liguria region of Italy .
libretti ) , from Italian , is the diminutive of the word '' libro '' ( book ) .
Game Boy Advance Video is a format for putting video onto Game Boy Advance cartridges .
After the inconclusive battle of Mellrichstadt ( 7 August 1077 ) and the defeat of Henry 's forces in the Flarchheim ( 27 January 1080 ) Gregory flip-flopped to support the revolt and launched a second anathema ( excommunication ) against Henry in March 1080 , thereby supporting the anti-king Rudolph .
Regarding the time spent opening for Guns N ' Roses , Cornell said , '' It was n't a whole lot of fun going out in front of 40,000 people for 35 minutes every day .
The emotional responses are then added to the articles , often in similarly derogatory or inflammatory manner , with the purpose of provoking further emotional response .
Since 2003 , Goater has organised the annual Shaun Goater Grass-roots Soccer Festival , a football coaching event for children in Bermuda .
Through his father Moshe Menuhin , a former rabbinical student and anti-Zionist writer , Menuhin was descended from a distinguished rabbinical dynasty .
Hard water is water that has high mineral content ( in contrast with soft water ) .
Bird played his first TV series with Kai while still working in a bank .
The drive-in was built in 1953 by local resident Juan Delgadillo ( May 17 , 1916 - June 2 , 2004 ) .
Gilbert was a taxidermist for the Zoological Society of London , where he met John Gould .
The Orion constellation was called either Frigg 's distaff or Freyja 's distaff ( Swedish Frejerock ) .
In 1965 , at age 20 , du Pré recorded the Elgar Concerto for EMI with the London Symphony Orchestra and Sir John Barbirolli , which brought her international recognition .
It portrayed Essjay as often taking his laptop to class so he could be available to other Wikipedians while giving a quiz .
At his and Stoddart 's home grand prix he brought the car home in fifth place to score two World Championship points - a rare occurrence for Minardi .
The Book of Micah is the sixth book of the twelve minor prophets in the Hebrew and Christian Bible .
Those two epics gave not only influence to the ancient people but also the modern people .
All of the SEPTA Regional Rail lines except for the Cynwyd Line pass completely through the four-track tunnel , which contains two underground stations - Suburban Station and Market East Station , and the above-ground upper-level concourse for the east-west commuter lines serving 30th Street Station .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
David , Ann Rosalie (/O1975/O) The Egyptian Kingdoms Elsevier Phaidon , London , OCLC 2122106
Kosuke Fukudome ( pronounced KOH-skay foo-koo-DOUGH-may ) is a Japanese outfielder for the Chicago Cubs .
James Hetfield -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar ( lead guitar on '' Whiskey In the Jar '' )
Airport masterplan In response to the UK government white paper The Future of Air Transport , the airport operators have produced a master plan outlining their vision for growth up to 2030 .
Governments have made efforts since the 1970s to reduce the release of sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere with positive results .
Sir Francis Galton FRS ( 16 February 1822 - 17 January 1911 ) , cousin of Douglas Strutt Galton , half-cousin of Charles Darwin , was an English Victorian polymath : anthropologist , eugenicist , tropical explorer , geographer , inventor , meteorologist , proto-geneticist , psychometrician , and statistician .
April 16 & ndash ; Francisco Goya , Spanish painter ( b. 1746 )
The game requires the use of a Wii MotionPlus , which comes bundled with the game .
The interior , remade in 1701 , include the notable funerary moment of Duke John Casimir , a 12 m-tall alabaster sculpture painted with statue and reliefs ( 1595 -- 1598 ) .
The seven species of water hyacinth comprise the genus Eichhornia .
He was last seen in a video which purported to show him in the Baghdad suburbs surrounded by supporters .
Sermoise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
By Islamic tradition , this day commemorates God saving Moses and the Israelites from Pharaoh in Egypt as they crossed the Red Sea ( the Exodus day ) .
A picture of most temples is the presence of murtis ( images ) of the Hindu deity to whom the temple is dedicated .
Patrick Poivre d'Arvor ( born Patrick Poivre , 20 September 1947 ) is a French TV journalist and writer .
Muay Thai ( , , ) is a hard martial art from Thailand .
Since his youth , he had been fond of woodcraft and military scouting , and -- as part of their training -- showed his men how to survive in the wilderness .
Giovanni Galli ( born 29 April 1958 in Pisa ) is a Italian former football goalkeeper and currently a politician .
See also Nominal number Numbering scheme Names of numbers in English Product key United Kingdom military aircraft serials United States military aircraft serials Notes & References Elz , R. , and R. Bush , RFC 1982 '' Serial Number Arithmetic '' , Network Working Group , August 1996 .
In mathematics Twelve is a composite number , the smallest number with exactly six divisors , its proper divisors being 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and 6 .
The empirical formula for benzene had been long known , but its highly unsaturated structure was a challenge to determine .
The profits from the concert went to Harrison 's charity , the Material World Charitable Foundation .
He also crashed on the penultimate lap of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
It introduced Babar Ali and Resham into Lollywood and turned them into stars .
Although Cruithne 's orbit is not thought to be stable over the long term , calculations by Wiegert and Innanen showed that it has probably been synchronized with Earth 's orbit for a long time .
The use of fertility drugs and/or invitro fertilization can increase the chances of becoming pregnant at a later age .
Gajac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Since the 1970s , important feminist works have noted the way in which criminal transgressions by women occur in different contexts from those by men and how women experiences with the criminal justice system are influenced by gendered assumptions about appropriate male and female roles .
Portland is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maine and the county seat of Cumberland County .
It grew to approximately 20,000 articles and 18 language editions by the end of 2001 .
Later , Freud distinguished between three concepts of the unconscious : the descriptive unconscious , the dynamic unconscious , and the system unconscious .
He first came into trouble with the law when aged ten .
Crystallography is the experimental science of the arrangement of atoms in solids .
The video has had over 30 million views on YouTube .
Bonfol is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
John Devon Roland Pertwee ( 7 July 1919GRO Register of Births : SEP 1919 1a 132 KENSINGTON -- John D. R. Pertwee , mmn = Scholts -- 20 May 1996 ) , better known as Jon Pertwee , was an English actor .
The Germanic languages are a group of related languages that constitute a branch of the Indo-European ( IE ) language family .
Aristeas of Proconnesus ( 7th Century BCE ? )
The same season was Orr 's most awarded -- the third of eight consecutive years he won the James Norris Memorial Trophy as the top defenseman in the NHL -- and he won the Art Ross Trophy , the Conn Smythe Trophy , and the Hart Memorial Trophy , the only player to win those four awards all in the same season .
It tells the story of Elliott ( played by Thomas ) , a lonely boy who befriends a friendly extraterrestrial , dubbed '' E.T. '' , who is stranded on Earth .
Christopher Ashton Kutcher ( ; born February 7 , 1978 ) , best known as Ashton Kutcher , is an American actor , producer , former fashion model and comedian , best known for his portrayal of Michael Kelso in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show .
Edmund and his siblings return to Narnia to aid Caspian , rightful King of Narnia , against King Miraz the Usurper .
This is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note .
Weathering occurs in situ , or '' with no movement '' , and thus should not be confused with erosion , which involves the movement of rocks and minerals by agents such as water , ice , wind , and gravity .
George II ( ) ( died 1585 ) , of the Bagrationi Dynasty , was a king of Imereti from 1565 to 1585 .
Its face is marked with white and gray , with dark rings ( spectacles ) around its eyes .
Conference USA , officially abbreviated C-USA , is a college athletic conference whose member institutions are located within the Southern United States .
Counties are called earldoms in post-Celtic Britain , Ireland and France -- the term is from Old Norse jarl and was introduced by the Vikings -- but there is no correlation between counties and earldoms .
Benjamin Scott '' Ben '' Folds ( born September 12 , 1966 ) is an American singer-songwriter and the former frontman of the band Ben Folds Five .
Currently printed denominations are $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 50 , and $ 100 .
In the episode , Mr. Burns wishes to pursue other interests and therefore decides to sells his power plant to two German investors for $ 100 million .
He is best remembered as Road Warrior Hawk , one half of the tag team known as the Road Warriors ( WCW ) or The Legion of Doom ( WWF ) , with Road Warrior Animal .
Jehan 's debut film was Taj Mahal : An Eternal Love StorySonya Jehan .
Carlos Hathcock ( May 20 , 1942 -- February 23 , 1999 ) was a United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant sniper with a service record of 93 confirmed kills .
Billie Joe Armstrong ( born February 17 , 1972 ) is the lead vocalist , main lyricist and guitarist for the alternative rock band Green Day .
The curves are also claimed to suggest the body of a wriggling Chinese dragon .
Oahu was not actually visited by Europeans until 28 February 1779 when Captain Charles Clerke aboard HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay .
The most spectacular planetary rings known are those around Saturn , but the other three gas giants of the solar system ( Jupiter , Uranus and Neptune ) possess ring systems of their own .
However , due to economic problems and slowing car sales , Toyota cut production by 50 % to 75,000 a year and reduced the work force 40 % to 1200 people .
In 1938 , Gucci expanded and a boutique was opened in Rome .
The wingspan measures 4.5 to 6.8 cm .
As of the 2002 census the municipality had 35,654 inhabitants , 16,270 living in the city itself and 19,384 in its rural districts , making the urban population the 45.63 % of the total population .
According to hockey lore , Sevigny was quoted as saying that Guy Lafleur would have Wayne Gretzky in his back pocket during the 1981 playoffs , a quote that motivated the Oilers team to victory over the fabled Habs .
Sanger also implied that Jordan 's firing was purely the result of public outcry , and that '' Only after these sad facts were publicly exposed , only after there was a hue and cry , did Jimmy Wales decide to ask for Essjay 's resignation . ''
Perhaps the closest synonym is plant community , but vegetation can , and often does , refer to a wider range of spatial scales than that term does , including scales as large as the global .
Jakarta is the country 's economic , cultural and political center .
This gives the CPI based on the calculator here , from 1913 to 2009 ; giving the factor to convert to 2010 USD .
Growth rates for different areas and species can be obtained by measuring maximum lichen sizes on substrates of known age , such as gravestones , historic or prehistoric rock buildings , or moraines of known age ( e.g. those deposited during the Little Ice Age ) .
Officially , the Saffir- Simpson Hurricane Scale is used only to describe hurricanes forming in the Atlantic Ocean and northern Pacific Ocean east of the International Date Line .
Bassanne is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The Aidi or Chien de l'Atlas is a Moroccan dog breed used as a flock guard , protecting herds of sheep and goats .
Repeats of the show are broadcast in the UK on G.O.L.D. and it is also seen in more than twenty-five countries , including various PBS stations in the United States and in Canada on VisionTV .
LIV no. 4 The murders In 1586 Gesualdo married his first cousin , Donna Maria d'Avalos , the daughter of the Marquis of Pescara .
St. Bartholomew 's Hospital ( Barts ) is founded in London , England .
It is accepted that the amount of carbon stored in dry wood is approximately 50 % by weight .
The bank 's success continued and it soon spread to various other districts of Bangladesh .
Much like her daughter Marianne , she is very emotive and often makes poor decisions based on emotion rather than reason .
In music :
( Supporters of the interpretation of Tinky Winky as the gay pride symbol might take this as evidence . )
Portuguese navigator Diogo de Teive discovers Corvo Island in the Azores .
Javier Sotomayor ( Cuba ) is the current men 's record holder with a jump of 2.45 m set in 1993 and is the longest standing record in the history of the men 's high jump .
Statistics of Division 2 in the 1934/1935 season .
A recording studio is a facility for sound recording which generally consists of at least two rooms : the studio or live room , and the control room , where the sound from the studio is recorded and manipulated .
It borders to the municipalities of Ellezelles ( to the west ) and Lessines ( to the east ) in the same province and to Brakel in the province of East Flanders , on the other side of the language border .
Midland Red East and Midland Fox redirect here Arriva Fox County is a bus company operating in Leicester and Leicestershire .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
The nocturnal chinchillas , two threatened members of the rodent order , inhabit the Andes ' alpine regions .
Clérambault came from a musical family ( his father and two of his sons were also musicians ) .
But it is now such a common practice to use the acronym also to refer to the alphabet itself ( from the phrase ` International Phonetic Alphabet ' ) that resistance seems pedantic .
Due to Hesse-Darmstadt 's membership of Napoleon 's Confederation of the Rhine , it was forced to cede a considerable amount of territory at the 1815 Congress of Vienna .
) Dow Jones Industrial Average component
P. longipes
Sled dogs have become a popular winter recreation and sport in North America and Europe ; sled dogs are now found even in such unlikely places as Germany and Japan .
Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka ( - ) , was the first Russian composer to gain wide recognition within his own country , and is often regarded as the father of Russian classical music .
Delgadillo 's Snow Cap Drive-In is a historic eatery and roadside attraction located along former Route 66 in Seligman , Arizona USA .
A federation comprising ten provinces and three territories , Canada is a parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy , with Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state .
It is perhaps the high point of the full tide of the rayonnante period of Gothic architecture .
According to the then-used Julian Calendar , AD 1000 was a leap year starting on Monday .
It is named ` Olympic ' in recognition of the work of Glyn Johns and Eddie Kramer at Olympic Studios in London .
January 2 , 1995 38 Canasta Masta Maxwell wants Brighton to play a sport , but he fails at all things athletic .
However , Hicks made a clutch interception to prevent the Bengals from scoring .
This is the same list used in the 2003 season with the exception of Fred , Ida , and Joaquin , which replaced Fabian , Isabel , and Juan respectively .
The south of the county is largely rural and sparsely populated , and includes a small area of the Cotswolds , at the border with northwest Gloucestershire .
Color displays ( e.g. , computer monitors and televisions ) mix red , green , and blue color to create colors within their respective color triangles , and so can only approximately represent spectral colors , which are in general outside any color triangle .
Heinz Vollmar ( 26 April 1936 - 12 October 1987 ) was a Saarland & German football player .
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
In around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
'' Happy Xmas ( War Is Over ) '' is a song written by John Lennon and Yoko Ono and released in 1971 as a single by John & Yoko\/Plastic Ono Band with the Harlem Community Choir .
Her father , Philip , gave her a dowry of 500,000 crowns and many beautiful jewels .
The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and , in animal cells , physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment .
The metal detector worked flawlessly in tests but did not find the assassin 's bullet partly because the metal bed frame on which the President was lying disturbed the instrument , resulting in static .
Super Smash Bros. , known in Japan as , is a series of fighting games published by Nintendo , featuring characters from established video games .
The grind of a blade refers to the shape of the cross-section of the blade .
The Atlanta Braves are a professional baseball club based in Atlanta , Georgia .
Nicknamed ( Shaan ) ; dignity , -- not to be confused with Zishan ( Zi an ) which means peaceful in Arabic or Zeshan which means '' Prince '' .
In the months following The Prestiges release , Nolan made numerous comments suggesting that he would return to direct the sequel to Batman Begins .
Red discolouration of the urine can have various causes :
Karting is commonly perceived as the stepping stone to the higher and more expensive ranks of motorsports .
In early 2006 it was announced that the Taung Child was probably killed by an eagle or similar large predatory bird .
Initially , Graham intended to become a chaplain in the armed forces , but shortly after applying for a commission he came down with a severe case of mumps that ended that plan .
Attacks and counterattacks swept across Miller 's cornfield and fighting swirled around the Dunker Church .
However , Morley evidently spent some time away from East Anglia , for he later referred to the great Elizabethan composer of sacred music , William Byrd , as his teacher ; while the dates he studied with Byrd are not known , they were most likely in the early 1570s .
April 7 , 1995 : D Daniel Laperriere and St. Louis ' ninth round pick in 1995 Entry Draft traded from St. Louis to Ottawa for Ottawa 's ninth round pick in 1995 Entry Draft .
Rinpoche soon began teaching in Paris and often translated for Dudjom Rinpoche , whom he also accompanied to the United States in 1976 .
The Red-whiskered Bulbul ( Pycnonotus jocosus ) is a passerine bird found in Asia .
Tirunelveli has numerous cinema theaters which are mostly constructed in the Art Deco style , and are popular landmarks in Tirunelveli .
It is about the same size as the modern viola .
Nathan Fillion as Malcolm '' Mal '' Reynolds : A former sergeant on the losing side of the Unification War , he struggles to survive free and independent of the Alliance .
Other estimates of the death toll have ranged between 500,000 and 1,000,000 , See , e.g. , Rwanda : How the genocide happened , BBC , April 1 , 2004 , which gives an estimate of 800,000 , and OAU sets inquiry into Rwanda genocide , Africa Recovery , Vol .
Bourbon Restoration , the restoration of the French monarchy under Louis XVIII .
Administration As well as being district capital , Lodhran is the administrative centre of Lodhran tehsil , which is subdivided into 28 Union CouncilsTehsils & Unions in the District of Lodhran - Government of Pakistan .
If there is a way to make the problem smaller , the smaller problems will be at least as hard as the original one .
IMDB ranks the film in the top 20 Most Popular Short Films .
There are also signs of carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars .
After defeating Triple H in a 3 Stages of Hell match at The Bash , Orton was without a contender for the championship , so on the June 29 episode of Raw , it was announced by the special guest host of the week , as well as onscreen matchmaker , Batista , that the title would be defended at Night of Champions against the winner of a single-elimination tournament .
In addition , there were unofficial estimates of over 10 i/O. The rainfall led to flooding of roads and buildings .
Although STE is regulated for use in the aerospace industry , other industries have used it as a basis for developing their own controlled English standards .
Other members over the years include Roger Corbett , Fred Kuhnl , drummer Gregory Martin , Steve Groves , Pete Farndon , Dave Mattacks , Michael Harris , Louis McManus , Eddy van Roosendael , Freddie Strauks ( ex Skyhooks ) and world renowned Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
A stolen base would be awarded to runners who successfully stole second base as a part of a double steal with a man on third , if the other runner failed to steal home , but instead was able to return safely to third base . Runners who are tagged out oversliding the base after an otherwise successful steal would not be credited with a stolen base .
Mellor grew up in the Bredbury area of Stockport and attended Bredbury Green Primary School and later Werneth School , Greater Manchester .
Personal life Sedgwick married Kevin Bacon on September 4 , 1988 .
The current members are Deryck Whibley ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Jason McCaslin ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) , Steve Jocz ( drums , backing vocals ) , and Tom Thacker ( lead guitar , backing vocals , keyboard ) .
Masanori Sanada ( born March 6 , 1968 in Shizuoka , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 3,734 .
Views on Islamic history and caliphate Ibadis agree with Sunnis in approving of Abu Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab , whom they regard as the two rightly-guided Caliphs .
As of the 2000 U.S. Census , the population of Jefferson County was 662,047 , but the July 2009 estimate is 665,027 .
Missile testing In the north west of the island at ( ) , a missile testing range was built in 1957-58 to launch the Corporal missile , Britain and America 's first guided nuclear weapon .
Daxter stars in his own game , named after himself .
Hattusili III responded by demanding that Ramesses II extradite his nephew back to Hatti .
The honorary president of the project was the President of Israel , Professor Chaim Weizmann .
The Offspring is an American rock band formed in Huntington Beach , California in 1984.The-Offspring on Punknews.org .
The Connecticut Department of Public Safety has its headquarters in Middletown .
Letters that arose from Epsilon include the Roman E and Cyrillic Ye .
In medicine , diarrhea ( from the Greek , '' diarrhoia '' meaning '' a flowing through '' ) , also spelled diarrhoea ( see spelling differences ) , is the condition of having frequent loose or liquid bowel movements .
It has dense black fur .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Then in December 1993 , the title was reactivated with Alundra Blayze winning a tournament for the vacant Women 's Championship .
He resented the commission , and believed his work only served the Pope 's need for grandeur .
The Condor Legion ( ) was a unit composed of '' volunteers '' from the German Air Force ( Luftwaffe ) which served with the Nationalist side during the Spanish Civil War of July 1936 to March 1939 .
They won the Junior National Title at the 2006 United States Figure Skating Championships and then won the bronze medal at the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships .
Kennet Andersson ( born October 6 , 1967 in Eskilstuna ) is a Swedish former football player , a key member of the Swedish national team that finished third in the 1994 World Cup .
Alba has also says that she had obsessive-compulsive disorder when she was a child .
Individuals and organizations that are direct consumers of energy choose to conserve energy to reduce energy costs and promote economic security .
is a Japanese savoury pancake containing a variety of ingredients .
The band 's line-up consists of vocalist Sonny Sandoval , drummer Wuv Bernardo , guitarist Marcos Curiel , and bassist Traa Daniels .
Lafontaine was born in Saarlouis into a family of craftsmen .
Set in Texas , the film tells the tale of a shifty , sleazy bar owner who hires a private detective to kill his wife and her lover .
The ladder is very popular with tourists , is lit at night and a timed run takes place there every year , with people coming from all over the world to take part .
Investigation of Students for a Democratic Society , Part 3-A ( George Washington University ) ; Hearings Before the Committee on Internal Security , House of Representatives ; 91st Congress , 2nd Session , July 22 , 1969 .
L'incoronazione di Poppea ( SV 308 , The Coronation of Poppea ) is an opera seria in three acts by Claudio Monteverdi to an Italian libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello , based on historical incidents described in the Annals of Tacitus .
Dirham or dirhem ( ) is a unit of currency in several Arab nations , and formerly the related unit of mass ( the Ottoman dram ) in the Ottoman Empire and Persian states .
Neptune 's dark spots are thought to occur in the troposphere at lower altitudes than the brighter upper cloud deck features .
In 1998 , while production lulled , Bluebird Toys endured several hostile take-over attempts until Mattel finally purchased them later that year .
Alistair Maclean Darling ( born 28 November 1953 ) is a British politician and Chancellor of the Exchequer since 28 June 2007 .
With a strong ridge to its northeast , the trough tracked slowly westward , producing scattered convection and some cyclonic turning .
On Monday the gang rounded up various people and forced them into the back parlor of the Royal Mail Hotel .
Richard Henry Sellers , CBE ( 8 September 1925 -- 24 July 1980 ) , known as Peter Sellers , was a British comedian and actor best known as Chief Inspector Clouseau in The Pink Panther film series , for playing three different characters in Dr. Strangelove , as Clare Quilty in Lolita , and as the man-child and TV-addicted Chance the gardener in his penultimate film , Being There .
A grinding mill is a unit operation designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces .
It is quite large , containing about 200 & ndash ; 220 species that are native to warm-temperate , subtropical and tropical regions throughout the world .
The pair married on January 1 , 1537 at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris in what Francis I and James V hoped would renew and strengthen the '' Auld Alliance '' between Scotland and France The Rough Wooing .
As he walks through the suburbs of Munich , he stops before the entrance to a cemetery .
Hammondsworth ( England ) , and New York : Penguin Books .
In 1964 ownership of Kress was acquired by Genesco , Inc. .
Among the very first dinosaurs to evolve in the late Triassic Period , about 230 million years ago ( Mya ) , they became the dominant herbivores by half way through the late Triassic ( during the Norian stage ) .
In October 2007 , the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra ( CBSO ) named Nelsons as its 12th principal conductor and music director , effective with the 2008-2009 season .
In physics , damping is any effect that tends to reduce the amplitude of oscillations in an oscillatory system , particularly the harmonic oscillator .
Alexander James '' Alex '' McLean , ( born January 9 , 1978 ) , known as A.J. McLean , is an American musician and singer .
Saint Francis Catholic Church was formed and built by Catholic immigrants from Ireland , but later the parish merged with Saint Joseph Catholic Church in Argyle , Wisconsin and the church was eventually torn down ; only the cemetery remains intact .
It is the sequel to the previous game , Resident Evil Survivor .
He played in all of Australia 's games at the 2006 World Cup .
Fertilizers are roughly broken up between organic and inorganic fertilizer , with the main difference between the two being sourcing , and not necessarily differences in nutrient content .
It is similar in appearance to the jaguar , but is smaller and more slightly built .
By July 2009 , nine tracks had been recorded for the new album , including the songs '' Fine '' , '' Everybody Hurts '' and '' Darlin '' .
Nevertheless he prepared himself , driven by a great desire to learn , to take the entrance exam for grammar school ( Gymnasium ) , which he passed with flying colors .
( Thames & Hudson , 2008 ) ISBN 978-0-500-05155-9 .
Pontmain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature .
Sorai would write several influential works . In them he identified two fundamental weaknesses in the philosophy of Song Confucianism .
When Hildesheim obtained city rights in 1249 , it was one of the biggest cities in Northern Germany .
The Texaco Cup was an association football competition that involved clubs from the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland which had not qualified for European competitions .
Geology Lake Champlain is one of a large number of large lakes spread in an arc from Labrador through the northern United States and into the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
The awards were started by the Blues Foundation in 1980 , and are widely regarded as the highest honor for blues artists in the United States .
Mithi is the capital of Tharparkar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Year 1804 ( MDCCCIV ) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Friday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The place where a baker works is called a bakehouse , bakeshop , or bakery .
Hornworts may be found worldwide , though they tend to grow only in places that are damp or humid .
is a song by the English rock band Oasis , written by the band 's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
( ) ( results in bold indicate pole position ; results in italics indicate fastest lap )
DuFour , Matt (/O2005/O) '' Ministry 's Al Jourgensen Launches 13th Planet Records '' , thetripwire .
It is the dominant form of Islam in Oman and Zanzibar .
Burnage is a neighbourhood of the city of Manchester in North West England .
Fish Hooks is an American animated television series created by Noah Z. Jones .
Salamis holds a prominent place in The Persians , his oldest surviving play , which was performed in 472 BC and won first prize at the Dionysia .
The Union 's name is formed from the beginning of each country 's name ; it was possibly created for the Benelux Customs Union , Revue de l'Institut International de Statistique (/O1947/O) Vol .
The republic was run by Barbary pirates who used the two cities as base ports for launching attacks on shipping .
Yvrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Cronus sired six children by Rhea : Hestia , Hades , Demeter , Poseidon , Hera and Zeus in that order , but swallowed them all as soon as they were born except Zeus , since he had learned from Gaia and Uranus that he was destined to be overcome by his own child as he had overthrown his own father .
At independence in 1947 Kohat was a district of Peshawar Division , however in 1976 it became a separate division and contained the districts of Karak , Kohat and Hangu , kurram agency .
Devon Island is also notable for the presence of the Haughton impact crater , created some 39 million years ago when a meteorite about 2 k in diameter crashed into what were then forests .
Although RfA has no specific minimum requirements , in general the community looks for certain basic levels of contributions without which an RfA is certain to fail .
Dole was the Republican party nominee in the presidential election of 1996 , but he lost to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton .
A dipping intonation falls and then rises , whereas a peaking intonation rises and then falls .
A mother is a biological and/or social female parent of an offspring .
Mangroves form a characteristic saline woodland or shrubland habitat , called mangrove swamp , mangrove forest , mangrove or mangal .
Anna Stepanovna Demidova ( 1878 - July 17 , 1918 ) was a maid in the service of Tsarina Alexandra of Russia .
In time gloves replaced bare hands .
Prasse ( source ) Libyamazigh Page about Libyan culture with a Berber language section .
The party is also active in the Armenian diaspora and in Lebanon as well , where it competes for the six National Assembly seats reserved for ethnic Armenians .
Cable News Network , almost always referred to by its initialism CNN , is a U.S. cable news channel founded in 1980 by Ted Turner .
One M was for Forrest E. Mars Sr. , and one for William F. R. Murrie , President of Hershey 's Chocolate .
The band 's next three albums , Ixnay on the Hombre , Americana and Conspiracy of One , were also successful , with Ixnay on the Hombre and Conspiracy of One reaching platinum certification , and Americana achieving multi-platinum status .
Clegg became Deputy Prime Minister following the 2010 general election , when the Liberal Democrats formed a coalition government with the Conservative Party , led by Prime Minister David Cameron .
He is best known as a member of the Monty Python comedy team .
These have to develop both new stems and new roots .
He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area between and including North Karnataka , through Maharashtra , and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River .
He made his Japanese debut wearing a mask and assuming the name The Pegasus Kid .
December 4 & ndash ; Kings Louis IX of France and Henry III of England agree to the Treaty of Paris , in which Henry renounces his claims to French-controlled territory on continental Europe ( including Normandy ) in exchange for Louis withdrawing his support for English rebels .
She sold one railway and ran the other one with the aid of her brother and her eldest son , Vladimir .
Joacim Cans ( born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden ) is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
José Ferreira Franco ( born 18 November 1934 - died 25 July 2009 ) , nicknamed Zequinha , was a Brazilian former football ( soccer ) player .
A popular and often-quoted poet , Frost was honored frequently during his lifetime , receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry .
Conversion kits and services are available to convert production model hybrid vehicles to plug-ins . Other plug-in vehicles ongoing demonstration trials or slated to the market for 2011 and 2012 are the Fisker Karma , Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid , Ford Escape Plug-in Hybrid , Volvo V70 Plug-in Hybrid , Suzuki Swift Plug-in and the Ford C-Max Energi .
Oregon Inlet is an inlet along North Carolina 's Outer Banks .
Their name is sometimes abbreviated as D.A.I. , revealing that Do As Infinity was named after the band 's guitarist and composer , Dai Nagao .
It refers to the ability to detect the flavor of substances such as food , certain minerals , and poisons .
The city of Portsmouth is awarded its Royal Charter .
Mary Anning ( 21 May 1799 - 9 March 1847 ) was a British fossil collector , dealer and palaeontologist who became known around the world for a number of important finds she made in the Jurassic age marine fossil beds at Lyme Regis where she lived .
L'Italie telle qu'elle est (/O1890/O)
The group also helps with raising money for the research and captive breeding programs for Gilbert 's potoroo .
Bertogne is a municipality of Belgium .
In India the thar desert extends from the Sutlej River , surrounded by the Aravalli Range on the east , on the south by the salt marsh known as the Rann of Kutch ( parts of which are sometimes included in the Thar ) , and on the west by the Indus River .
Its off-shoot , the Dominicans , founded by St. Dominic in Toulouse and Bologna , were particularly influential in the building of Italy 's Gothic churches .
The Indonesian military launched a full-scale invasion of East Timor in December 1975 .
He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games from 1949 to 1954 , was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 , and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 - the first black player so honored .
Super Smash Bros. , known in Japan as Nintendo All Star !
Sonic 's first true voice actor was Takeshi Kusao for the arcade game SegaSonic the Hedgehog , with Junichi Kanemaru continually voicing the role beginning with the release of Sonic Adventure .
Over 15 years , various racers improved the record to more than 56 km .
By early on September 9 , the outer rainbands began affecting southeastern North Carolina .
Baldur Benedikt von Schirach ( 9 May 1907 -- 8 August 1974 ) was a Nazi youth leader later convicted of being a war criminal .
When Port Elizabeth was chosen as a host city for the 2010 FIFA World Cup , the city decided against upgrading the EPRU Stadium .
As European banknotes , such as Euros and Pounds , are typically larger than American banknotes in size , they do n't fit in some smaller American wallets .
Bracey was born in Byram , Mississippi , and started playing at local dances and parties around 1917 .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is the entry for Brazil in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Human nature refers to the distinguishing characteristics , including ways of thinking , feeling and acting , that humans tend to have naturally .
FC Shakhtar Donetsk ( ) is a Ukrainian professional football club , playing in the city of Donetsk , the capital of Donetsk region .
The University of Aberdeen began life as King 's College , Aberdeen , which was founded in 1495 by William Elphinstone ( 1431-1514 ) , Bishop of Aberdeen and Chancellor of Scotland .
DZRH Television or RHTV is a 24-hour cable channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines .
Kellner served as chief justice inspector and administrator of the Laubach courthouse until 1948 .
Kolding is a Danish seaport located at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark ( Region of Southern Denmark ) .
Al-Razi 's important medical writings are translated into Latin by Faraj ben Salim , some 350 years after Al-Razi 's death .
However , the foliage of M. leucadendra is of a brighter green and has a slightly weeping habit .
For the aggressive red weaver ants sometimes called '' fire ants '' in Southeast Asia please see Oecophylla smaragdina .
In the US , students engage in general studies during the first years of tertiary education and only specialize in a '' major '' during the last years of college .
After George Washington 's defeat at the Battle of Brandywine on September 11 , 1777 , the revolutionary capital of Philadelphia was defenseless , and that city prepared for British attack .
Final Fantasy IX was developed alongside Final Fantasy VIII , but took a different path to return to the style of the early Final Fantasy games with a more traditional fantasy setting ; consequently , Final Fantasy IX was influenced heavily by the original Final Fantasy game , and features allusions to other titles in the series .
Atomic weights of elements with atomic numbers 110-116 taken from this source .
The book was later adapted for the stage in an episode that involved Twain in a serious lawsuit with the playwright .
Tosh 's first big career break came in 2001 with a performance on the Late Show with David Letterman .
She traveled with him to the United States when he became conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra .
Miocene to Recent
The average distance between stations is 1800 m , the shortest ( 502 m ) section being between Delovoy Center and Mezhdunarodnaya and the longest ( 6,627 m ) between Krylatskoye and Strogino .
The first recorded reference is made to the game of cricket .
Olive was one of the woods used to fashion the most primitive Greek cult figures , called xoana , referring to their wooden material ; they were reverently preserved for centuries .
Butterworth did not write a great deal of music , and before and during the war he destroyed many works he did not care for , lest he should not return and have the chance to revise them .
Most surviving Archean rocks are metamorphic or igneous .
Sugar is an informal term for a class of edible crystalline carbohydrates , mainly sucrose , lactose , and fructose characterized by a sweet flavor .
Born Narcissa Florence Foster in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , to Charles Dorrance Foster and Mary Jane Hoagland , Jenkins received music lessons as a child , and expressed a desire to go abroad to study music .
More simply , syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm ; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they would n't normally occur .
She and Gabrielle argue about his intentions for short time .
Its breakdown may be catalyzed by enzymes called chitinases , secreted by microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi , and produced by some plants .
His first discovery was the asteroid 267 Tirza in 1887 .
The Golden Age ( now The Queanbeyan Age ) was Queanbeyan 's first newspaper and was founded in 1860 by John Gale .
Grandeur .
Today the term is usually reserved for the more vigorous systems that have near-surface winds of at least 17 m\/s ( 38 mph ) .
Cowboy Jimmy Moore ( September 14 , 1910 - November 17 , 1999 ) , born James William Moore , was a world-class American pocket billiards ( pool ) player originally from Troup County , Georgia , and for most of his life a resident of Albuquerque , New Mexico , best known for his mastery in the game of straight pool ( 14.1 continuous ) .
Some Israeli pizza differs from pizza in other countries because of the very large portions of vegetable toppings such as mushrooms or onions , and some unusual toppings , like corn or labane ( strained yogurt ) , and middle-Eastern spices , such as za'atar .
Andy Gibb ( 5 March 1958 -- 10 March 1988 ) was an English singer , teen idol , and the youngest brother of Barry , Robin , and Maurice Gibb , also known as the Bee Gees .
In a genetic algorithm , a population of strings ( called chromosomes or the genotype of the genome ) , which encode candidate solutions ( called individuals , creatures , or phenotypes ) to an optimization problem , evolves toward better solutions .
Brain originally played a French instrument , a Raoux piston-valve horn , similar to that used by his father .
Ec .
Since then , Sonic has become one of the world 's best-known video game characters , with his series having sold more than 70 million copies .
The film was released in North America on September 30 , 2005 by Universal Pictures .
Mézidon-Canon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 415 BC , Athens dispatched a massive expeditionary force to attack Syracuse in Sicily ; the attack failed disastrously , with the destruction of the entire force , in 413 BC .
He is shown to have a Firebolt in a delicate place on himself .
However , some irrational numbers are not transcendental .
Among those finishes , he ran second and third in two stakes races , a type of race for higher quality horses with a higher payout .
Rick perceives himself as an anarchist , and is fond of ideals produced by Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky and states his interest in them in several episodes .
Interstate 81 ( abbreviated I-81 ) is an Interstate Highway in the eastern part of the United States .
In other folklore , the changelings are put in place of the child to feed off of the mother of the child . The kidnapped child then becomes food for the changeling 's mother .
Notable former managers of Notts County include Jimmy Sirrel , Neil Warnock , Howard Kendall and Sam Allardyce .
'' The Sense and Syntax of John 3:14 -17 with Special Reference to the Use of ... in John 3:16 . ''
In 2003 , a dark ride called The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh replaced the Country Bear Jamboree , which closed in 2001 .
Auschwitz II ( Birkenau ) was an extermination camp or Vernichtungslager , and was the site of the deaths of at least 960,000 Jews , 75,000 Poles , and some 19,000 Roma ( Gypsies ) .
Batha was one of the 14 prefectures of Chad .
The toy was recalled and it was revealed to have said '' fidit , fidit , '' inspired by the Cantonese for '' faster , faster '' .
Belgian Limburg is crossed by the Albert Canal , and has historically been a major coal-mining area .
Ernest I , Duke of Saxe-Gotha ( 1601-75 ) had married Elisabeth Sophie , the only child of John Philip , Duke of Altenburg and Gotha ( 1597-1638 ) , the eldest son of Frederick William I/PERSON. When Elisabeth Sophie 's cousin Frederick William III , Duke of Altenburg , died unmarried 1672 , the entire first Altenburg line went extinct in male line , opening a succession strife .
Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
This incurable , degenerative , and terminal disease was first described by German psychiatrist and neuropathologist Alois Alzheimer in 1906 and was named after him .
Wave power is the transport of energy by ocean surface waves , and the capture of that energy to do useful work - for example for electricity generation , water desalination , or the pumping of water ( into reservoirs ) .
LoF argues that the pa reveals striking connections among logic , Boolean algebra , and arithmetic , and the philosophy of language and mind .
The regional capital is Florence .
It was released in 2005 through Nuclear Blast .
Dimbleby , Jonathan , The Prince of Wales , A Biography , p. 395 Following this , the Parker Bowleses announced their own divorce in 1995 ; they had been living apart for some time , and a year later Andrew Parker Bowles married Rosemary Pitman .
There were thirteen concerts in the 1911-1912 season , five of which were popular music .
Madeira Beach is located at .
Another contemporary pantomime tradition is the celebrity guest star , a practice that dates back to the late 19th century , when Augustus Harris , proprietor of the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane , hired well-known variety artists for his pantomimes .
Turnhout , is famous as the world center of the playing card and is both legally and administratively the capital of the Kempen region and of the Arrondissement of Turnhout .
District Government Abbottabad It is located in the west of the district .
The Grand Duchess suffered from the painful condition hallux valgus ( bunions ) , which affected both of her big toes .
, the complete English version , Encarta Premium , consisted of more than 62,000 articles , Encarta 2009 Information numerous photos and illustrations , music clips , videos , interactivities , timelines , maps and atlas , and homework tools , and was available on the World Wide Web by yearly subscription or by purchase on DVD-ROM or multiple CD-ROMs .
_ Smoot
The Blue Horde descends into anarchy .
In a live-axle suspension system , the axles serve to transmit driving torque to the wheel , as well as to maintain the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body .
By contrast , a denial of the doctrine of '' Original Sin '' ( thereby negating the necessity of baptism for children ) or Papal Infallibility- would be labeled heretical .
Having been disappointed with Ellis ' performance , Harry proposed the idea that they should call the assembled quartet of friends The Dissenters and make Liverpool famous ; Sutcliffe and Murray with their paintings , Harry writing and Lennon playing music .
Dab is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 33 0 ' 0N 72 52 ' 0ELocation of Dhab - Falling Rain Genomics
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
Soldiers of the Cologne War and later the Thirty Years ' War raided Gerresheim .
Johann Joseph '' John '' Most ( February 5 , 1846 March 17 , 1906 ) was a German-American anarchist and orator , who in the late 19th century began to advocate the use of violence to achieve revolutionary political and social change .
Reformed theology places distinctive emphasis on grace by teaching that individuals are completely incapable of self-redemption , but that sanctifying grace is irresistible .
He spent his youth in the care of his grandmother , who often let him watch old horror movies instead of going to school .
Most possessors of child pornography who are arrested are found to possess images of prepubescent children ; possessors of pornographic images of post-puberty minors are less likely to be prosecuted , even though those images also fall within the statutes .
Opabinia probably used its proboscis to search the sediment for food particles and pass them to its mouth .
Beriberi is a nervous system ailment caused by a thiamine deficiency ( deficiency of vitamin B1 ) in the diet .
Gan speakers are concentrated in and typical of Jiangxi Province , as well as the northwest of Fujian ; and some parts of Anhui and Hubei in mainland China .
Doping case On July 27 , 2006 the Phonak Cycling Team announced Floyd Landis had a urine test come back positive , having an unusually high ratio of the hormone testosterone to the hormone epitestosterone ( T/E ratio ) after the epic performance in Stage 17 .
On 14 December 1976 , following the general elections which made the CDU\/CSU the largest group in parliament , Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 9 .
Many lichens break up into fragments when they dry , dispersing themselves by wind action , to resume growth when moisture returns .
The conjecture taunted mathematicians for over three centuries before Andrew Wiles , a Princeton University research mathematician , finally proved it in 1995 , and now it may properly be called a theorem .
While the paddles on a monitor/defibrillator may be quicker than using the patches , adhesive patches are superior due to their ability to provide appropriate EKG tracing without the artifact visible from human interference with the paddles .
Villiers-le-Sec is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The three core members of the band Spinal Tap -- David St. Hubbins , Derek Smalls and Nigel Tufnel -- were portrayed by McKean , Shearer and Guest respectively .
The lake is filled by pumps from the Grand Coulee Dam and forms the first leg of a hundred mile ( 160 km ) irrigation system .
This may have been because there were so many different languages then .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
The main threat to the Palos Verdes blue has been habitat destruction due to weeds and rototilling , which has negative effects on the essential larval foodplants .
In 2001 Zoom , ELO 's first album since 1986 , was released .
At the time of its completion in 1973 , it was the tallest building in the world , surpassing the World Trade Center towers in New York , and it held this rank for nearly 25 years . The Willis Tower is the tallest building in the United States and the fifth-tallest freestanding structure in the world , as well as the fifth tallest building in the world to the roof .
Saint-Bandry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Keith Urban is the first studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban .
Founded in 1895 , each season currently consists of over 70 concerts in the Albert Hall , a series of chamber concerts at Cadogan Hall , additional Proms in the Park events across the United Kingdom on the last night , and associated educational and children 's events .
'' Castello Orsini-Odescalchi '' is built in Bracciano , Italy by the Orsini family .
James Howard ( born December 23 , 1976 ) better known by his ring name Jamie Noble , is an American professional wrestler .
Statutory law or statute law is written law ( as opposed to oral or customary law ) set down by a legislature ( as opposed to regulatory law promulgated by the executive branch or common law of the judiciary in a typical democracy\/republic ) or by a legislator ( in the case of an absolute monarchy ) .
This approach , innovative at the time , resulted in paintings more colorful and more broadly painted than the public was accustomed to seeing .
This reference apparently alludes to the precarious political scenario following the collapse of Mauryan and Sunga dynasties in northern India and its occupation by foreign hordes of the Shakas , Yavanas , Kambojas and Pahlavas .
A most prestigious program is Princeton in Beijing .
Articles advocating nonsmoking were published in the magazines Die Genussgifte ( The Recreational Stimulants ) , Auf der Wacht ( On the Guard ) and Reine Luft ( Clean Air ) .
A very hard , brittle , silvery-white transition metal of the platinum family , iridium is the second densest element ( after osmium ) and is the most corrosion-resistant metal , even at temperatures as high as 2000 C. Although only certain molten salts and halogens are corrosive to solid iridium , finely divided iridium dust is much more reactive and can even be flammable .
When the probe arrived in the Saturnian system in 2004 , it was hoped that hydrocarbon lakes or oceans might be detectable by reflected sunlight from the surface of any liquid bodies , but no specular reflections were initially observed .
The album 's third track '' Spies '' drew some attention from the Chinese government , who interpreted it as an anti-Communist song .
A slightly different tabulation scheme based on the range of values is used in such cases .
Over the first half of the season , Kubica qualified and finished strongly , including his and BMW Sauber 's first pole position at the and second place finishes at the Malaysian and Monaco Grands Prix .
They wrote down the things they learned and this helped the young Babylonians learn more than the olders had .
Duck Hunt was one of the two original pack-in titles for the first release of the game system .
Vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .
( April 22 , 1904 -- February 18 , 1967 ) was an American theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the University of California , Berkeley .
Lugasson is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Ross Dependency comprises an area of Antarctica ( and other land masses in the Southern Ocean ) claimed by New Zealand .
In electronics , a diode is a two-terminal electronic component that conducts electric current in only one direction .
Giro del Veneto , ( 1941 , 1947 , 1949 )
Beijing National Stadium\/Bird 's Nest ( ) - Beijing (/O2008/O)
July 17 & ndash ; Battle of Navas de Tolosa : The Christian kingdoms of Spain decisively defeat the Almohads .
He moved to Birkbeck College in the University of London in late 1953 , and started working with Rosalind Franklin in John Bernal 's lab .
It is an advantage for such potential prey to advertise their status in a way clearly perceptible to their predators ; this is called aposematic or warning coloration .
It opened in 2007 and was built on the site of the previous 1923 Wembley Stadium . The earlier Wembley stadium , originally called the Empire Stadium , was often referred to as '' The Twin Towers '' and was one of the world 's most famous football stadiums until its demolition in 2003 .
It was largely replaced by horse-drawn and then tractor machinery , but is still used in some areas of Europe and Asia , as well as by the Grim Reaper .
Martinsville is a city in Morgan County , Indiana , United States .
The jury is composed by German philologists and poets .
The New York Herald was a large distribution newspaper based in New York City that existed between May 6 , 1835 and 1924 .
It was criticized upon release because of its coarse language and became even more controversial in the 20th century because of its perceived use of racial stereotypes and because of its frequent use of the racial slur '' nigger '' .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
As she picked it out and started to wrap the silk thread around her finger , she slowly felt a warm sensation .
Young-adult fiction or young adult literature ( often abbreviated as YA ) is fiction written for , published for , or marketed to adolescents and young adults , roughly ages 14 to 21 .
Set once again on Christmas Eve , McClane is waiting for his wife to land at Washington Dulles International Airport when terrorists take over the air traffic control system .
WikiFairies are considered essentially friendly creatures , like WikiGnomes and WikiElves and unlike WikiTrolls .
This made it the focal point of trade across the western Sahara , and the centre of the Sahelian kingdoms of Mali and Gao .
February 28 & ndash ; At the Battle of Palkhed , Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao I defeats the Mughal Governor of Deccan , Nizam-ul-Mulk .
It is the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world , lying from the nearest land , South Africa , and from South America .
The knob on the right is a dummy ; the one on the left actually opens the door .
It was rebuilt and reopened on 11 May 1946 , with a memorable concert conducted by Arturo Toscanini , with a soprano solo by Renata Tebaldi , which created a sensation .
This allows a dive bomber to accurately place bombs on smaller and\/or moving targets with relative ease .
Although the released dates were changed many times , 30 Seconds to Mars released This Is War on December 8 , 2009 .
Falun Gong places a heavy emphasis on morality in its central tenets - Truthfulness , Compassion , and Forbearance .
The text originally said that Graham '' is a member of the Southern Baptist Convention , '' but individuals can not be members of the SBC .
'' African Dinosaurs . ''
Dextromethorphan ( DXM or DM ) is an antitussive ( cough suppressant ) drug .
Air Marshall Islands has its headquarters in Majuro .
Platforms 2 and 3 ( island platform in the center ) house the main station building , constructed of red brick building and containing an enclosed waiting area , ticket facilities and toilets .
Subsequent episodes had Archie adjusting to life as a widower and re-entering the dating scene .
In May 1717 , during his visit to France , the Russian czar Peter the Great stayed at the Grand Trianon .
Other , more qualified types of nontheism are often known as agnosticism : '' strong '' or '' positive '' agnosticism is the belief that it is impossible for humans to know whether or not any deities exist .
Extinct Australian megafauna : pre-1788 The following is an incomplete list of Australian megafauna ( monotremes , marsupials , birds and reptiles ) in the format : Latin name , ( common name , period alive ) , and a brief description .
Brawn GP Formula One Team , the trading name of Brawn GP Limited , was a Formula One motor racing team and constructor , created by a management buy-out of Honda Racing F1 Team .
Colouration of the fur and spines varies with geographic location .
The pipe organ is a musical instrument that produces sound by driving pressurized air ( called wind ) through pipes selected via a keyboard .
Chlamydia trachomatis , an obligate intracellular human pathogen , is one of three bacterial species in the genus Chlamydia .
Charles Ives was born in Danbury , Connecticut in 1874 , the son of George Ives , a U.S. Army bandleader in the American Civil War , and his wife Mary Parmelee .
The town is named after Saint Andrew the Apostle .
The district , which had been part of Poonch District , was created in 1988Government of Azad Kashmir .
A notable feature is that the ball is put into play by a designated server , called the mandarino , who otherwise is not part of the game .
The current version , 4.6 , is modular and reusable .
Hermann Diels popularized the term pre-socratic in Die Fragmente der Vorsokratiker ( The Fragments of the Pre-Socratics ) in 1903 .
Kress Stores were long a familiar sight in most cities and towns of the United States .
Larix speciosa Yunnan Larch * .
In cryptography , the International Data Encryption Algorithm ( IDEA ) is a block cipher designed by James Massey of ETH Zurich and Xuejia Lai and was first described in 1991 .
MiG-21 Variants - Development and Preproduction
The original home of the Order was the Palace of St Michael and St George in Corfu , the residence of the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands and the seat of the Ionian Senate .
Heroin , or diacetylmorphine ( INN ) , also known as diamorphine ( BAN ) , is a semi-synthetic opioid drug synthesized from morphine , a derivative of the opium poppy .
Thousands of these refugees have resettled in Western countries since the late 1970s , mostly the United States but also Australia , France , French Guiana , and Canada .
He was unable to match those statistics in 1995 as he finished 33rd in the points with only one Top 5 and 3 Top 10s .
The Games are currently held every two years , with Summer and Winter Olympic Games alternating , although they occur every four years within their respective seasonal games .
Gondwana ( ) , originally Gondwanaland , is the name given to a southern precursor supercontinent .
Based on the processes responsible for their formation , sedimentary rocks can be subdivided into four groups : clastic sedimentary rocks , biochemical ( or biogenic ) sedimentary rocks , chemical sedimentary rocks and a fourth category for '' other '' sedimentary rocks formed by impacts , volcanism , and other minor processes .
First units were ready and shipped to teams in mid-January for fitting 2 weeks prior to first track testing for the year .
Gunther , lord of the Gibichungs , sits enthroned .
Enraged , Homer writes an insulting reply , but Marge convinces him at the last minute not to send it , although Bart mails it anyway .
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual weather event .
C ) , which have many more peripherals on chip , reducing cost and size .
Pargny-Filain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Originally named Floranada ( a portmanteau of Florida and Canada ) , the town was forced into bankruptcy after the hurricane of 1926 .
The Pilgrimage of Grace was a popular rising in York , Yorkshire during 1536 , in protest against Henry VIII 's break with the Roman Catholic Church and the Dissolution of the Monasteries , as well as other specific political , social and economic grievances .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
Both first place teams received a bye and automatically advanced to the semi-finals , but had to face each other in that playoff round in a best-of-five series .
After landing , McClane uses his cigarette lighter to ignite the trail of leaking fuel , which travels right back to the plane , ignites the rest of the fuel and destroys the plane , killing all passengers on board .
The total area is 7.78 km which gives a population density of 3,138 inhabitants per km .
Ferdinand Lassalle ( 11 April 1825 -- 31 August 1864 ) , also known as Ferdinand Lassalle-WolfsonDer Ewige Jude , 33:40 was a German-Jewish jurist and socialist political activist .
In 1841 parts of Burke County and Wilkes County were combined to form Caldwell County .
The dispute was between those , such as the followers of the '' Pillars of the Church , '' led by James , who believed , following his interpretation of the Great Commission , that the church must observe the Torah , i.e. the rules of traditional Judaism , and Paul of Tarsus , who believed there was no such necessity .
Though Ellington took piano lessons , he was more interested in baseball .
Well-known members of Sapindales include citrus ; maples , horse-chestnuts , lychees and rambutans ; mangos and cashews ; frankincense and myrrh ; mahogany and neem .
Born in London , England and raised in Tulsa , Oklahoma , Azubuike became a standout player during his play at Victory Christian High School , and was eventually recruited to play for the Wildcats of the University of Kentucky .
Laguinge-Restoue is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Arezzo is about 80 k southeast of Florence , at an elevation of 296 m above sea level .
Jarrow ( or ) is a town in Tyne and Wear , England .
The shire in early days was governed by an Ealdorman and in the later Anglo-Saxon period by royal official known as a '' shire reeve '' or sheriff . The shires were divided into hundreds or wapentakes , although other less common sub-divisions existed .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
There are also footpaths not associated with a road ; these include urban short cuts and also rural paths used mainly by ramblers , hikers , or hill-walkers .
November 13 & ndash ; The Synod of Dort has its first meeting .
He began his career as a child actor during the mid 1990s .
In many Muslim countries , the accusation of apostasy is even used against non-conventional interpretations of the Qur ` an .
Welcome to Earth included a few tracks that sound experimental , getting away from the band 's roots slightly .
It connected to the main Bakerloo Line at Baker Street .
from the album Straight Outta Lynwood .
Strathaven ( ; Gaelic : Srath Aibhne , meaning : valley of the Avon ) is a historic market town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
He wrote the book The World as Non-Objectivity published in Munich 1926 , only translated into English in 1959 .
Many human groupings , such as army detachments or sports teams , show such co-ordination and differentiation of roles , but so do some animal groupings such as those of eusocial insects , which are co-ordinated through pheromones and other forms of animal communication .
Doaba is the region of Indian Punjab surrounded by the rivers Beas and Sutlej .
The term describes various Christian denominations ( for example , Eastern Orthodox , Anglicanism , and the many varieties of Protestantism ) .
Dungeness is a headland on the coast of Kent , England , formed largely of a shingle beach in the form of a cuspate foreland .
Presentation New Booth Commentators : The game featured the two man broadcast team of Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions .
The album peaked at # 10 on Billboard 200 on July 29 , 2007 and was certified Gold by the RIAA in October 2007 .
He also retired with 316 losses , the most in MLB history .
Israel 's 1978 invasion of Lebanon pushed the PLO north of the Litani River , but the PLO continued their campaign against Israel .
She was baptised on 14 May 1940 .
La Guardia revitalized New York City and restored public faith in City Hall .
As the soap film stretches , the surface concentration of soap decreases , which in turn causes the surface tension to increase . Thus soap works by selectively strengthening the weakest parts of the bubble , preventing any one part of the bubble from stretching excessively .
The genus Ixia consists of a number of cormous plants native to South Africa from the Iridaceae family and Ixioideae subfamily .
Intel Core i7 is an Intel brand name for several families of desktop and laptop 64-bit x86-64 processors using the Nehalem , Westmere , and Sandy Bridge microarchitectures .
The incumbent Labor Mayor , Ken Livingstone was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson becoming London 's 2nd Mayor .
Guernica ( painting ) , a 1937 painting by Pablo Picasso
Roberto Alagna ( born 7 June 1963 ) is a French operatic tenor of Sicilian ( Italian ) descent .
One protocol problem arose ; as a member of the Church of Ireland his funeral service took place in Dublin 's Church of Ireland St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
Known as the Scratch Cat Pokémon , it spends most of the daytime sleeping and prowls the city streets at night .
She looked at me and our eyes met and I felt that she was definitely the woman I wanted to marry . ''
You need to work with other users , reduce tensions that can not be avoided entirely , and cope with the stress of handling difficult situations .
While in college , Ballmer managed the football team , worked on The Harvard Crimson newspaper as well as the Harvard Advocate , and lived down the hall from fellow sophomore Bill Gates .
Most of the 772 convicts ( of whom 732 survived the voyage ) were petty thieves from the London slums .
As stated above , Hitler was the 55th member of the party .
A popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick .
Even today they are considered masterpieces in the world literature .
His exit appears to have been amicable .
Kesswil is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The majority of its people reside in the state capital , Adelaide , with most of the remainder settled in fertile areas along the south-eastern coast and River Murray .
She tells him of her hard life with Rodolfo , who has abandoned her that night ( O buon Marcello , aiuto !
This philosopher and Bishop of Chartres wrote : Influence Pérotin 's music has influenced modern minimalist composers such as Steve Reich , particularly in Reich 's work Proverb .
Hydrazoic acid , also known as hydrogen azide or azoimide , is a colorless , volatile , and extremely explosive liquid at room temperature and pressure .
The line currently operates fully automated , trains running every four to ten minutes without a driver , and the carriages were changed from the existing M-Train rolling stock to match the recreational and adventurous nature of the 3.5-minute journey .
It is sometimes abbreviated Ph -- H. Benzene is a colorless and highly flammable liquid with a sweet smell and a relatively high melting point .
During the holiday Charles returns home to London , where he lives with his widower father .
The Deutsche Mark ( , German mark ) was the official currency of West Germany ( 1948 - 1990 ) and Germany ( 1990 - 2002 ) until the adoption of the euro in 2002 .
It has also won Coppa Italia in its home country three times and one Italian Super Cup , and on the European stage has won the UEFA Cup in 1988 -- 89 .
Keating was elected as the federal Labor member for Blaxland in 1969 and came to prominence as the reformist treasurer when the Hawke Labor government came to power at the 1983 federal election .
This idea was called biopoiesis or biopoesis , the process of living matter evolving from self-replicating but nonliving molecules .
Suspecting a trap , but mindful that she must be in danger , Malcolm visits her and is confronted by the nameless Alliance Operative .
In 1822 , the city became the county seat , and a new courthouse was built at the present location of Court Square , at the foot of Market Street ( now Dexter Avenue ) .
A passenger is a term broadly used to describe any person who travels in a vehicle , but bears little or no responsibility for the tasks required for that vehicle to arrive at its destination .
He took permanent residence in Moscow , and was given a post at Moscow 's Institute for Mathematics and a post of trainer of the USSR national team .
He was affiliated to the Social Democratic Party .
Carroll M. Ebright ( March 20 , 1894 - November 1979 ) , better known as Ky Ebright was a legendary coach for the University of California , Berkeley crew team .
Lowercase '' o '' for '' octet '' is a commonly used symbol in several non-English-speaking countries , and is also used with metric prefixes ( for example , '' ko '' and '' Mo '' ) .
Package in the context of UML , which is used to groups elements
The event was witnessed by Mayor Villegas , Congressman Ramon Mitra , Jr. , Atty . Primitivo de Leon , and its main sponsor in the House of Representatives , Congresman Justo Albert .
In 2008 Wojtaszek was one of world champion Anand official seconds for the match with Kramnik .
The stadium is located on Alexandras Avenue and is most commonly referred to as the '' Leoforos '' ( i.e. Avenue ) .
Cobalt ( II , III ) oxide is chemical compound with the formula Co3O4 .
Early in his career , Satriani worked as a guitar instructor , and some of his former students have achieved fame with their guitar skills ( Steve Vai , Larry LaLonde , Rick Hunolt , Kirk Hammett , Andy Timmons , Charlie Hunter , Kevin Cadogan , Alex Skolnick ) .
It is also , uniquely , the chapel of Christ Church , a college of the University of Oxford .
fairest isle of all the earth .
The U.S. Census Bureau defines Honolulu CDP ( Census Designated Place ) to coincide with the Honolulu District .
The original school was destroyed by a fire in 1947 , leaving only the chapel intact .
Mendelssohn suffered from bad health in the final years of his life , probably aggravated by nervous problems and overwork .
The CFL was officially founded in 1958 .
History Hyles-Anderson was founded in 1972 by Jack Hyles with financial support from Russell Anderson .
Canoe/Kayak paddles Materials and designs Paddles commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden , fiberglass carbon fiber or metal rod ( the shaft ) with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet ( the blade ) on the other end .
Tropical Storm Cristina killed one person , a fisherman , who was aboard a boat caught at sea .
The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies .
Nova Scotia is Canada 's second-smallest province in area after Prince Edward Island . The province 's mainland is the Nova Scotia peninsula surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , including numerous bays and estuaries .
In 1873 the statue of David was removed from the piazza , to protect it from damage , and displayed in the Accademia Gallery , Florence , where it attracts many visitors .
Charsadda is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan that contains the town of Charsadda .
Among lay Tibetans she is seen as a Buddha who takes the form of an ordinary woman so as to be accessible to the average person , '' who , for the time being , do not see her Vajravarahi form as a fully perfected deity . ''
In opposition to this view , scholars in favor of the Sino-Tibetan hypothesis such as W. South Coblin , Graham Thurgood , James Matisoff , and Gong Hwang cherng have argued that there are regular correspondences in sounds as well as in grammar .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
Elsewhere , rainfall totals reached 1.46 inches ( 37.1 mm ) in Albany , Georgia and 0.51 inches ( 13 mm ) in Dothan , Alabama .
The island is 38 miles long and 10 miles across , with a land area of 261 sq .
The tribes of south-east England were partially Romanised and were responsible for creating the first settlements ( oppida ) large enough to be called towns .
We demand that all non-Germans , who have immigrated to Germany since [ 2 August 1914 ] , be forced immediately to leave the Reich .
It has its headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland .
A picture of most temples is the presence of murtis ( images ) of the Hindu deity to whom the temple is dedicated .
A user interface is the system by which people ( users ) interact with a machine .
In June 2006 , Banco Santander Central Hispano purchased almost 20 % of Sovereign Bank and acquired the option to buy the bank for $ 40 per share for one year beginning in the middle of 2008 .
Boris Gelfand was born in Minsk , Belarussian SSR on June 24 , 1968 .
Reduced instruction set computing , or RISC ( ) , is a CPU design strategy based on the insight that simplified ( as opposed to complex ) instructions can provide higher performance if this simplicity enables much faster execution of each instruction .
In Anna 's day , too , there was much to be said for an official of England 's queen dying ` respectably ' . ''
The town is located about 10 km ( 6.25 miles ) northeast of Berlin .
The octopus is a cephalopod mollusc of the order Octopoda .
The LG KE850 , also known as the LG Prada , is a touchscreen mobile phone made by LG Electronics .
Mansfield is the center of a large shire ; it was amalgamated with the nearby town of Benalla ( 60 km ) to form Delatite Shire but after community action became the first de-amalgamation in Victoria .
Murray reports that the only event of major consequence during Kenz 's reign had to do with the filial respect he showed for his murdered father .
Caliban was formed in Hattingen , Germany in 1997 under the name Never Again '' The Gauntlet : : Caliban - Heavy Metal - News - Caliban Videos - Caliban Ringtones - mp3s - Tabs - Wallpaper - lyrics .
Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .
Birmenstorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In view of Hannibal 's great popularity , the Carthaginian government did not repudiate Hannibal 's actions , and the war he sought was declared at the end of the year .
and Countdown .
Opportunity cost or economic opportunity loss is the value of the next best alternative forgone as the result of making a decision .
At the time of the signing , it was the highest fee ever paid for a player aged under 20 .
Round Hill is the name of several communities in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Only then was her coffin shifted to Agra .
Probability theory , Encyclopaedia Britannica The central objects of probability theory are random variables , stochastic processes , and events : mathematical abstractions of non-deterministic events or measured quantities that may either be single occurrences or evolve over time in an apparently random fashion .
The articles in the Britannica are aimed at educated adult readers , and written by a staff of about 100 full-time editors and more than 4,000 expert contributors .
Ryuzo Morioka ( born 7 October 1975 in Aoba-ku , Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan ) is a former Japanese football defender .
Also within 1849 the community of Takenah was established near Albany .
Lebiez is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The many major historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular tourist destinations in South Korea .
Azeri , formally Azerbaijani , is divided into two varieties , North Azerbaijani and South Azerbaijani , and a large number of dialects .
Isaac Mendez was also written out , dying at the hands of Sylar , which was shown during Hiro Nakamura 's time traveling expedition to New York earlier in season one .
Neil Broom ( born 1983 ) , cricket player from New Zealand
The town continued to grow slowly and developed a number of businesses and a '' downtown '' on the east side of the Mississippi along U.S. Route 10 .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
The Primitive Methodist Church is a body of evangelical Christians within the Methodist denomination , which began in England in the early 19th century , with the influence of American evangelist Lorenzo Dow ( 1777 - 1834 ) .
He was pardoned and exiled to the most eastern of the Banda Islands .
Sidney finds her boyfriend Derek tied to a stage prop , and Mickey then shoots Derek in the chest .
Union Springs is a town in Bullock County , Alabama , United States .
South Jakarta is bounded by Central Jakarta to the north , East Jakarta to the east , Depok to the south , West Jakarta to the north-west , and Tangerang to the west .
The acoustic guitar is used in many kinds of music including folk , country , bluegrass , pop , jazz , and blues .
Glenn Hoddle ( born 27 October 1957 , Hayes , London ) is an English football manager and former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur , AS Monaco , Chelsea and Swindon Town and at international level for England .
gu is the Internet country code top-level domain ( ccTLD ) for Guam .
In 2004 , the Japanese video game developer Spike released King of Colosseum II , a puroresu-wrestling game for PlayStation 2 that featured Tenta as a playable character ; it was a Japan-only release . On April 14 , 2009 , Tenta was announced as downloadable content for WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009 which was released April 16 , 2009 .
Malta 400,000 ( Maltese descent only )
A single episode , '' A Girl 's Best Friend '' , was produced as a pilot for a proposed series , but the series was not taken up .
The Palace of Holyroodhouse , commonly referred to as Holyrood Palace , is the official residence of the monarch in Scotland .
Figaro is hiding behind a bush and , thinking the song is for the Count , becomes increasingly jealous .
By then the dates of the Early Stone Age , or Paleolithic , and Late Stone Age , or Neolithic , were fairly solid and were regarded by Goodwin as absolute .
The second half , Creating stub types contains more specialized material .
Initially wrought iron wires were used , but today steel is the main material used for wire ropes .
In 1962 , the team defeated Maccabi Tel Aviv 5-2 in the State Cup final .
BNSF ( Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway ) and Union Pacific Railroad both have railway lines in the Central Valley .
FAO is also a source of knowledge and information , and helps developing countries and countries in transition modernise and improve agriculture , forestry and fisheries practices , ensuring good nutrition and food security for all .
In the past , the Colonies have been at war with a cybernetic race known as the Cylons .
The cello is used as a solo instrument , in chamber music , and as a member of the string section of an orchestra .
The club played their home games at a new facility , Herschel Greer Stadium , located south of downtown Nashville at the foot of St. Cloud Hill in Fort Negley Park .
School of Rock 2 : America Rocks was confirmed by Paramount on July 14 , 2008 .
Voyager flybys In November 1980 , the Voyager 1 probe visited the Saturn system .
Graham Christopher Stack ( born 26 September 1981 in Hampstead , London ) is a Association football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Scottish Premier League club Hibernian .
Magna Carta was arguably the most significant early influence on the extensive historical process that led to the rule of constitutional law today in the English speaking world .
Council of Chalcedon (/O451/O) repudiated the Eutychian doctrine of monophysitism , adopted the Chalcedonian Creed , which described the hypostatic union of the two natures of Christ , human and divine .
Edward the Confessor ( c. 1003 5 January 1066 ) , According to some sources the date was 4 January .
Released on October 31 , 2000 , it is the second half of the Bizzar Bizaar double album , released the same day as its companion album , Bizzar .
Pop Idol was a British television series which debuted on ITV on 5 October 2001 . The show was a talent contest to decide the best new young pop singer ( or '' pop idol '' ) in the United Kingdom , based on viewer voting and participation .
This template documentation is transcluded for all Tlx family templates ( Tlx , Tlxc , Tlxm , Tlxw , Tlxb ) ( ( edit ) ) .
Originally operated at the Miracle Strip Amusement Park in Panama City Beach , Florida .
The Catholic Encyclopedia : Mithraism Sol Invictus continued to be associated with Mithras and the Mithraic Mysteries thereafter .
It includes seven islands , known as the East Frisian Islands .
Venetian is spoken mainly in the Italian regions of Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia and in both Slovenia and Croatia ( Istria , Dalmatia and the Kvarner Gulf ) .
There is also a museum dedicated to the life of Casals located in Old San Juan .
It is included in Catholic Bibles as the final chapter of the Book of Baruch .
In 1879 , Wundt founded the first formal laboratory for psychological research at the University of Leipzig .
He lives in Guilford , Connecticut , with his wife and their two children .
Cooking Channel replaced Fine Living Network ( also known as FLN ) on May 31 , 2010 .
Takalik Abaj is representative of the first blossoming of Maya culture that had occurred by about 400 BC .
The most surprising discovery in the Jovian system was the existence of volcanic activity on the moon Io , which had not been observed either from the ground , or by Pioneer 10 or 11 .
'' Araluen '' Geographical Names Board At the time of European settlement Araluen was described as a broad alluvial valley with many natural billabongs covered with water lilies .
Palo Alto : Mayfield .
World leaders Emperor Ch ` ien Lung ( China ) King Christian VII ( Denmark and Norway ) King George III of Great Britain and the Prince-elector of Hanover .
Their time at the boarding school was cut short when Elizabeth Branwell , their aunt who joined the family after the death of their mother to look after the children , died of internal obstruction in October 1842 .
St Andrews has a population of 16,680 making this the fifth largest settlement in Fife .
Pompey fled with a very small retinue , claiming that he had been betrayed .
Ragdoll Productions ( or Ragdoll Ltd. ) ( and Ragdoll Productions Animations . )
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 5 .
The name Geysir itself is derived from the Icelandic verb geysa , '' to gush '' , the verb from Old Norse .
June 29 -- Furman v. Georgia : The Supreme Court of the United States rules that the death penalty is unconstitutional .
It works with a head mounted camera that reads the colors directly in front of a person , and converts them in real-time into sound waves .
An evacuation center was established for flood-affected residents at the RNA Showgrounds in Bowen Hills .
It was first released in [ [ video arcade | arcade ] ] s in [ [ 1995 in video gaming | 1995 ] ] , and later released for the [ [ PlayStation ] ] in [ [ 1996 in video gaming | 1996 ] ] .
After the formal agreement , nine Labour Co-operative MPs were elected at the 1929 general election , and Alexander was made a cabinet minister .
By convention there are 84 Mahasiddhas in both Hindu and Tibetan Buddhist traditions , with some overlap between the two lists .
Most fields can be wikilinked ( i.e. network = network name ) , but should generally only be linked to an existing Wikipedia article .
The song was originally written as the Anthem of the Bolshevik Party with lyrics in the Alexandrine meter by Vasily Lebedev-Kumach in 1939 .
After 1931 , when the Statute of Westminster came into being and the Dominions of the British Empire became independent states , equal in status to the UK , the Order of Merit remained an honor open to all the King 's realms ; thus , as with the monarch who conferred it , the order ceased to be purely British .
The capital is the city of Saitama .
The film was nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories ; it won an Academy Award for Best Writing ( Original Screenplay ) by Herman Mankiewicz and Welles .
CH-4924 Obersteckholz
Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons and the patriarch of the eponymous family .
In music , a glissando ( plural : glissandi , abbreviated gliss . )
The rajpramukh was appointed by the President of India , but the residents of the state also elected a 60-member state assembly , first elected on January 6 1952 .
The Sheffield club is officially recognised by FIFA as the oldest football club in the world .
However , the same day the San Diego Chargers chose Eli , they decided to allow him to play for the New York Giants .
Aquin Arrondissement
It was named for Benjamin Franklin .
Horus served many functions in the Egyptian pantheon , most notably being the god of the Sky , god of War and god of Protection .
Jermain Colin Defoe ( born 7 October 1982 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur , and the England national football team .
Women were much better off than with the Romans , they were factually equal to men .
Dover is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Johnson was born in New York City , but his family returned to Britain soon afterward , as his mother had yet to take her Oxford University final exams .
He has undergone two kidney transplants , one in 1973 and one in 1984 , and requires daily dialysis .
The name derives from the Cuban Spanish word rumbo which means '' party '' or '' spree '' .
Oglesby Lincoln , Oglesby Washington , Holy Family , and Illinois Valley Community College are located in Oglesby .
Carl married Alice Nazian Gonyer ( 1909 -- 1992 ) of Orono , Maine in 1929 .
This describes just one of many types of volcano , and the features of volcanoes are much more complicated .
The global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on the total units sold to the retailers .
Before October 2008 , divisional system was abolished by the reforms of 2000 the third tier of government .
After joining the NHL , the Oilers quickly went on to win the Stanley Cup on five occasions : 1984 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988 and 1990 .
Many critics have disputed the original source of the Swan Lake story .
The Klondike Gold Rush , sometimes referred to as the Yukon gold rush , was a frenzy of gold rush immigration to and for gold prospecting , along the Klondike River near Dawson City , Yukon , Canada after gold was discovered there in the late 19th century . In total , about 12500000 o have been taken from the Klondike area in the century since its discovery .
Yeghishe Charents ( ; March 13 , 1897 , Kars , Russian Armenia , Russian Empire -- November 27 , 1937 , Yerevan , Soviet Union ) was an Armenian poet , writer and public activist .
The South Bay Expressway , a toll-road extension of state route 125 , opened November 19 , 2007 , will connect freeways 805 and 905 with State Route 54 , officially connecting the areas closest to the border to areas of East County , as well as creating a link to Interstates 8 and SR 94 .
In 1916 , American Louise A. Field cashed in on the popularity by writing books such as Peter Rabbit Goes to School or Peter Rabbit and His Ma , the illustrations of which showed him in his distinctive blue jacket .
Its official name is Regione Autonoma Siciliana ( English : Sicilian Autonomous Region ) .
The plant , called Utricaria vegetabilis zeylanensium , is undoubtedly N. distillatoria .
