It was written and composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle in 1792 and adopted in 1795 as the nation 's first anthem .
Guebert was signed as a free agent with Winnipeg on May 30 , 2007 and was an active special teams player .
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Charlie '' Lucky '' Luciano ( born Salvatore Lucania ; November 24 , 1897 - January 26 , 1962 ) was an Italian mobster born in Sicily .
Andrea Carnevale ( born 12 January 1961 in Monte San Biagio ) is an Italian former footballer .
His totalitarian tendencies put the senatorial aristocracy firmly in opposition to him .
The show ended in 1994 , but late in 1995 Timberlake recruited Chasez to be in an all-male singing group organized by boy band manager Lou Pearlman that eventually became 'N Sync .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
The county has a population of 400,000 consisting of nine townships and 79 villages is located 30 km to the southwest of Tehran in Iran .
West is one of the four cardinal directions or compass points .
Most frequently made from cows ' milk , butter can also be manufactured from the milk of other mammals , including sheep , goats , buffalo , and yaks .
Significant amounts are also used in the production of polycarbonates via its reaction with bisphenol A. Polycarbonates are an important class of engineering thermoplastic found , for example , in lenses in eye glasses .
As the match resumed in the ring , Austin met Michaels high-risk maneuver with a clothesline and then ran him into the turnbuckle and picking him up for an inverted atomic drop .
Archaeological evidence , however , points to a slower , more organic growth of the city beginning before Pachacuti .
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
About Suffolk Law School ( accessed March 3 , 2009 ) The Suffolk College of Arts and Sciences was founded in 1934 , and the Sawyer Business School -- then known as the College of Business Administration -- in 1937 .
Sir Stanley Matthews , CBE ( 1 February 1915 - 23 February 2000 ) was an English footballer .
Historically Cleveland , a part of the North Riding of Yorkshire , was located entirely to the south of the River Tees and its largest town was Guisborough .
Henry IV ( possibly 3 April 1366 & ndash ; 20 March 1413 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland ( 1399 & ndash ; 1413 ) .
Once they ceased most of their infighting , the Iroquois rapidly became one of the strongest forces in 17th - and 18th-century northeastern North America .
Biodiversity is the degree of variation of life forms within a given ecosystem , biome , or on an entire planet .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1922/1923 season .
Alfreton is a town and civil parish in Amber Valley , Derbyshire , England , adjoining the Bolsover and North East Derbyshire districts .
The islands are also located within the typhoon belt of the Western Pacific , and approximately 19 typhoons strike per year .
Neotominae is a subfamily of the family Cricetidae .
Members of the dynasty were Grand Dukes of Lithuania 1377 - 1392 and 1440 - 1572 , kings of Poland 1386 - 1572 , kings of Hungary 1440 - 1444 and 1490 - 1526 , and kings of Bohemia 1471 - 1526 .
He was in Germany at the start of World War I and was interned in Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
Induction heating , the process of heating an electrically conducting object
It is located just west of Sark and has a surface area of approximately 200 a. Sark claims it as a tenement , and the Ministry of Justice , the department of the United Kingdom government with responsibility for the Channel Islands , considers Brecqhou part of Sark - but this is disputed by Brecqhou 's current tenants .
The Alaskan Klee Kai is a northern breed of dog of spitz type .
He was the second of four children .
The last published book of Gordon R. Dickson 's semi-historical Dragon Knight series is titled The Dragon and the Fair Maid of Kent , and concerns Joan as she attempts to reconcile the Black Prince with his father Edward III during the first years of the Black Plague in England .
Anderson was awarded a scholarship to a Georgia modeling school at the age of 13 .
Kingston upon Hull ( almost invariably abbreviated to Hull ) , a city in the north of England named after the River Hull ( King 's town upon Hull , prior to 1299 Wyke upon Hull )
Montreuil-le-Henri is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Phillips Academy , the most prestigious secondary boarding school in the United States , is founded by Samuel Phillips Jr. .
Imprisonment ( 1993 -- 2009 ) Vikernes was in prison for the murder of Euronymous , former guitarist of Mayhem , as well as the arson of several churches in Norway .
Kamo Shu , born 29 October , 1939 ) is a retired Japanese football player and currently a football manager .
After Max is kidnapped by his father , the two walk to Iggy Lee 's apartment in the '' New Testaments '' ( really tenements ) .
Only later were they translated into medieval Hebrew so that they could be read by the Ashkenazi Jews of Europe .
Its county seat is Vero Beach , Florida .
According to Roman tradition , the city was founded by the twins Romulus and Remus on 21 April 753 BC .
In 1980 Lennon recalled meeting a girl who dressed up in polythene ( but without '' jack boots and kilts '' ) and having '' perverted sex in a polythene bag '' .
The Cammeraygal lived on the northern side of the harbor .
Vincent Kennedy '' Vince '' McMahon ( born August 24 , 1945 ) is an American professional wrestling promoter , announcer , commentator , film producer , actor and former occasional professional wrestler , and is often referred to as the archetypal wrestling magnate .
Today , in the ROC , simplified Chinese has no legal status .
The Battle of the Somme , also known as the Somme Offensive , fought from 1 July to 18 November 1916 , was among the largest battles of the First World War .
KVIrc is a graphical IRC client for Linux , Unix , Mac OS and Windows .
As the name might suggest ( venteux means windy in French ) , it can get windy at the summit , especially with the mistral ; wind speeds as high as 320 km\/h ( 200 mph ) have been recorded .
Omar is thought to have been born around 1959 in Nodeh , near the city of KandaharRashid , Taliban , (/O2001/O) p. 23 in Afghanistan to a family of poor , landless peasants .
The alignment proposals were narrowed down to five finalists , and then the plan that was eventually selected was picked out of a glass bowl by then-NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle 's secretary , on January 16 , 1970 .
Rage are a German heavy metal band , formed in 1984 .
Archived 2009-10-31 .
Originally , the college was to be specifically for boys from Eton College .
Small groups of Frisians settled the surrounding lands and their settlements have been traced to England , Scotland , Norway , Germany , Belgium , France , and obviously in Denmark and The Netherlands .
Sailly-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Mary , born at St. James 's Palace in London on 30 April 1662 , was the eldest daughter of James , Duke of York ( the future James II & VII ) , and his first wife , Lady Anne Hyde .
After Leno 's run as host of The Tonight Show , Conan O'Brien took over as host .
Later he made extensive travels to Egypt and Kush , among others .
Otto IV , Holy Roman Emperor is excommunicated by Pope Innocent III for invading southern Italy .
The Danes build a fortress , but finding no volunteers to man it , they burn it down themselves and leave the island .
Because only the blooming stem is so affected , some stems can be pinched for leaf production , while others are left to bloom for decoration or seeds .
Carole Bayer Sager ( born March 8 , 1947 ) is an American lyricist , songwriter , singer , and painter .
Lanett is located in eastern Alabama , on the Chattahoochee River , southwest of Atlanta , GA. .
Because qin tablature is so useful , logical , easy , and the fastest way ( once the performer knows how to read the notation ) of learning a piece , it is invaluable to the qin player and can not totally be replaced ( just as staff notation can not be replaced for Western instruments , because they developed a notation system that suited the instruments well ) .
Condé - sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Mikroglottika - An International Journal of Minority Language Philologies is a linguistic journal about minority languages .
However , it remains unclear as to whether or not the Lloyds logo will appear on the cars .
In 1967 , Dodd passed the head coach position to his favorite coordinator , Bud Carson .
The '' Albanians '' hurry off to hide ( actually , to change out of their disguises ) .
The solstice called the summer solstice in the northern hemisphere and the winter solstice in the southern hemisphere occurs on dates varying from 22 June to 23 June ( in UTC ) .
Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland .
The next year Chris Thile released his first solo album , Leading Off , featuring mostly original compositions .
The Vosges department is one of the original 83 departments of France , created on February 9 , 1790 during the French Revolution .
Born on 20 August 1974 in Novosibirsk , Russia , to a family with musical tradition .
The following table lists the EU classification of hydrochloric acid solutions .
Meanwhile , other companies developed their own applications ( Excite , MSN , Ubique , and Yahoo ) , each with its own proprietary protocol and client ; users therefore had to run multiple client applications if they wished to use more than one of these networks .
The maximum equilibrium amount of solute that can dissolve per amount of solvent is the solubility of that solute in that solvent under the specified conditions .
Nebo is a city in Hopkins County , Kentucky , United States .
The history of Japan comprises the history of the islands of Japan and the Japanese people ; spanning the ancient history of the region to the modern history of Japan as a nation state .
The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association ( 1972 -- 1979 ) and the National Hockey League ( 1979 -- 1995 ) .
The Triassic-Jurassic extinction event wiped them all out except for the plesiosaurs .
Rahim Yar Khan District ( ) is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan , the city of Rahim Yar Khan is the capital .
It is a bathypelagic krill that lives in deep waters below 1,000 m . It is distinguished from the Euphausiidae by several morphological features , the most apparent being that they are not bioluminescent and that their first pair of pleopods is not modified as copulatory tool organs .
The MS Explorer was a Liberian-registered cruise ship designed for Arctic and Antarctic service , originally commissioned and operated by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad .
A rough table comparing the amount of light received by each planet on the Solar System follows ( from data in ) :
In recent years , Seven-card stud has become more common , both in casinos and in home games .
Her concert at the Paris Olympia was recorded and released as her first live record .
The capital is Palikir , on Pohnpei .
She managed them to three reigns as WWE Tag Team Champions , as well as former boyfriend and MNM member Johnny Nitro to two reigns as WWE Intercontinental Champion .
The road distances are about 500 km south of the capital Hanoi and 260 km north of the port city of Da Nang .
The novel won the 1997 Locus Award , and was nominated for both the 1998 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award .
Scotland 's only land border is with England , and runs for 96 kilometres ( 60 mi ) between the basin of the River Tweed on the east coast and the Solway Firth in the west .
is a satirical American cartoon series owned by Underdog Productions and Fuzzy Door Productions and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television .
The three found their way back to Daisy 's home , but Lotso saw that he had been replaced .
Shakargarh , the headquarters of Shakargarh Tehsil , is a city in the north-east of Narowal District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Georgina Helen '' Georgie '' Henley ( born 9 July 1995 ) is an English teen actress .
The state capital is in Montpelier .
After this incident , Freak starts riding on Max 's shoulders .
News and current affairs News and current affairs programming has always constituted the dominant part of BBC Radio Scotland 's schedules , especially on weekdays .
Merenschwand is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In the Central Pacific Hurricane Center 's area of responsibility , one tropical storm and two hurricanes formed , of which one was a major hurricane .
The Bouvier des Flandres is a herding dog breed originating in Flanders .
The original owners of BSD were the Regents of the University of California because BSD was first written at the University of California , Berkeley .
In these spaces certain monks briefly noted the important events of the year .
Officially , the trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and company to learn about sound motion pictures and to present the famous Soviet artists in person to the capitalist West .
She has won numerous awards and her achievements in the rock music genre have earned her the title '' The Queen of Rock 'n' Roll '' .
From 2007 to 2010 , participants from the ECW brand competed along with the Raw and SmackDown brands , while the ECW World Championship became available for the winner to challenge for regardless of their designated brand .
Stephen John Hadley ( born February 13 , 1947 , in Toledo , Ohio ) was the 21st U.S. Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs ( commonly referred as National Security Advisor ) , serving under President George W. Bush .
Field Marshal Shunroku Hata , was a field marshal in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II .
Canning Town station is a inter-modal transport interchange in East London .
The following taxonomy is based on recent well-supported molecular phylogenies .
She later attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts before she entered the theater program at Juilliard .
The relationship between Nazism and Protestantism , especially the German Lutheran Church , was complex .
Crying or weeping ( psychic tears ) The third category , generally referred to as crying or weeping , is increased lacrimation due to strong emotional stress , suffering , mourning , or physical pain .
Untreated , mortality is high , mainly because of peritonitis and shock .
Its southern terminus is at an interchange with Interstate 64 and Interstate 65 ( the Kennedy Interchange ) in Louisville , Kentucky .
It was the first Mario Kart released on a handheld game system ; in 2005 , a sequel titled Mario Kart DS was released .
A military airport is known as an airbase or air station .
A few young were born in the first couple of years , but then breeding stopped for no known reason .
Arizona served stateside during World War I/O. She is most remembered because of her sinking , with the loss of 1,177 lives , during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 , the event that goaded the US into World War II .
It is named for one of the oceanographic research vessels involved in its discovery in 1993 .
Le Parcq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He has also written short stories , biography and other non-fiction and children 's books .
In 2006 , The Bats song '' Not My Girl Anymore '' appeared in the soundtrack of the Movie '' Nail Polish '' which also featured songs from The Cars , Joan Jett and Elvis Costello .
Esztergom was the capital of Hungary from the 10th till the mid-13th century when King Béla IV of Hungary moved the royal seat to Buda .
Le Rouret is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The cecum of the koala is very long , enabling it to host bacteria specific for cellulose breakdown .
Slow development occurred causing the depression to gain strength slowly , however by the next day , it was able to strengthen into Tropical Storm Elena .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Early on the morning of February 21 , 1974 , Horton was driving on the Queen Elizabeth Way from Toronto to his home in Buffalo after the Sabres had played in Toronto the night before , in his De Tomaso Pantera sports car , a gift from Sabres ' GM George '' Punch '' Imlach .
LBCC serves over 24,000 full and part time students in and around Albany and is supported financially through tuition , property taxes and the State of Oregon .
Titan at the USGS Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature , accessed April 12 , 2008 .
This led to abuse : players sat in front of the opposing net waiting for a pass .
Goebbels remained with Hitler in Berlin to the end ; just hours after Hitler 's suicide , Goebbels and his wife , Magda , killed their six young children .
Daniel Jacob RadcliffeDaniel Radcliffe , or Daniel Jacob Radcliffe ( British actor ) - Britannica Online Encyclopedia ( born 23 July 1989 ) DanRadcliffe.com : Daniel Radcliffe Biography is an English actor , best known for playing Harry Potter in the feature film series based on the popular book series .
The DAX ( Deutscher Aktien IndeX , formerly Deutscher Aktien-Index ( German stock index ) ) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange .
id Software was an early pioneer in the Linux gaming marketHEXUS .
After American independence was attained Boston became a major shipping port and manufacturing center , and its rich history now helps attract 16.3 million visitors annually .
populationof = popofyear =
While this piece has no connection with United States history , it is often a staple at Fourth of July celebrations , such as the annual show by the Boston Pops and at Washington , DC 's , annual program called A Capitol Fourth .
Peter Geach describes and rejects four levels of omnipotence .
A rock song in contrast to '' ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' , it peaked at # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Prince 's '' Cream '' .
Peter Lawrence Buck ( born December 6 , 1956 in Berkeley , California ) is the guitarist and co-founder , along with Bill Berry , Mike Mills , and Michael Stipe , of the alternative rock band R.E.M.
A native of Sand Springs , Oklahoma , he played basketball for Langston University from 1942-1946 .
April 7 , 1995 : C Mike Eastwood and Toronto 's third round pick in 1995 Entry Draft traded from Toronto to Winnipeg for RW Tie Domi .
She is startled when Wozzeck arrives and when he asks where she got the earrings , she says she found them .
It also omits a FireWire port , Ethernet port , line-in , media card slots ( except the 13 '' 2010 model , which has an SD card slot ) , and a Kensington Security Slot .
Inuit arts , carving , print making , textiles and throat singing , are very popular , not only in Canada but globally , and Inuit artists are widely known . Indeed , Canada has , metaphorically , adopted some of the Inuit culture as a sort of national identity , using Inuit symbols like the inukshuk in unlikely places , such as its use as a symbol at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
A handful of new servers are set up every year by hobbyists -- 30 have been set up and added to Floodgap 's list since 1999gopher : / / gopher.floodgap.com/1/new and possibly some more that have n't been added .
This is achieved by an examination of the Catholic aristocratic Marchmain family , as seen by the narrator , Charles Ryder .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
Closed-circuit television ( CCTV ) is the use of video cameras to transmit a signal to a specific place , on a limited set of monitors .
Later , SM Entertainment announced that Shinee would make their comeback with their second mini album Romeo on May 21 , 2009 .
In November 1987 he broke his leg during Scottish Premier Division fixture against Aberdeen and ruled him out for the rest of the season .
The wolfs-hook in the bottom-left represents Dagstuhl , which owned Wadern ; the lion in the bottom-right stands for Luxembourg , which owned the western part of the district .
Eight professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event card with one dark match between William Regal and D'Lo Brown for the WWE European Championship taking place before the event went live .
Its cause could be the result of inflammation , infection , blockage , or injury of the male reproductive tract or a problem within the urethra , testicles , epididymis or prostate .
A '' strike '' is scored when a player knocks down all pins on the first roll in the frame .
From Rome , Cimabue went to Assisi to paint several large frescoes at the newly-built Basilica of St Francis of Assisi , and it is probable , but not certain , that Giotto went with him .
Yamoussoukro is also the site of what is claimed to be the largest Christian place of worship on Earth : The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro , consecrated by Pope John Paul II on September 10 , 1990 .
The Canton of St. Gallen ( German : Kanton ) is a canton of Switzerland .
Bassett Crossroads - Burgess Road - Swaythling , 10 July 1930 .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
The Seiko Group consists of Seiko Holdings Corporation ( Seiko ) , Seiko Instruments Inc. ( SII ) , and Seiko Epson Corporation ( Epson ) .
Cholera hit the city in 1835 , and fire destroyed large parts of Nicosia in 1857 .
This is in contrast to classical particles , which can have any energy .
On the night of that same day , the Soviet flag was lowered for the last time over the Kremlin .
When drawing up boundaries for the London Boroughs , the Government had initially suggested that Metropolitan Borough of Lambeth and the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark should be merged to form a new borough , with the southern and eastern section of the Metropolitan Borough of Wandsworth ( including Clapham , Streatham and Tooting ) forming another .
Hasparren ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The arsenite ion is sometimes called ortho-arsenite .
In the former case , bearings or bushings are provided at the mounting points where the axle is supported .
Eisenhower asked to see Graham on his deathbed .
The 20th century composer Sir John Tavener is his direct descendant .
LeSieg and one as Rosetta Stone .
The island has not had the same level of intensive development as other parts of the Mediterranean and is thus mainly unspoiled .
On a visit to a museum where state carriages were on display , Olga once ordered one of the servants to prepare the largest and most beautiful carriage for her daily drive .
StumbleUpon is an Internet community that allows its users to discover and rate Web pages , photos , and videos .
Often , a fractional-sized violin will be strung with the strings of a viola ( C , G , D and A ) for those children who need even smaller sizes .
Hitchcock , H. Wiley , and Perlis , Vivian , editors .
In 2007 , Tabitha was the host\/instructor of an exercise DVD by titled Drop it with Dance .
The County of Hohenzollern-Hechingen was created in 1576 , upon the partition of the County of Hohenzollern , a fief of the Holy Roman Empire .
Circuit de Monaco is a street circuit laid out on the city streets of Monte Carlo and La Condamine around the harbour of the principality of Monaco .
In response to criticism about the Biblical inspiration of a female angel , Bentley wrote that it was God 's choice , and not his own , that an angel appeared to him in that manner .
The cloaca is a multi-purpose opening : waste is expelled through it , birds mate by joining cloaca , and females lay eggs from it .
The first major pay-per-view event occurred on September 16 , 1981 , when Sugar Ray Leonard fought Thomas '' Hitman '' Hearns for the Welterweight Championship .
Thunderstorm activity persisted near the center , and on October 27 , the storm attained tropical storm status and was named Grace .
He is also a film producer and script writer , a star of London 's West End musical theater , an award-winning writer and an accomplished landscape painter .
A megachurch is a church having 2,000 or more in average weekend attendance .
Everman left immediately after Soundgarden completed its promotional tour for Louder Than Love in mid-1990 and Soundgarden found Yamamoto 's ultimate successor , bassist Ben Shepherd .
When the whole batting order makes plate appearances in a single inning , it is called '' batting around . ''
It is about 200 kilometres south west of Sydney and about 60 kilometres inland from the coast .
An average 54 tornadoes strike the state per year -- one of the highest rates in the world .
The like-named and broadly similarly shaped registration counties existed for these purposes from 1851 and were used for census reporting from 1851 to 1911 .
The Ugandan Kavirondo tribes , a mix of Bantu and Nilotic immigrants , traditionally went practically naked , but the men eventually adopted western dress .
Stokowski , who made his official conducting debut in 1909 , appeared in public for the last time in 1975 but continued making recordings until June 1977 , a few months before his death at the age of 95 .
The Tang Chang ` an hence , was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an , which was reconstructed upon the premise of the former imperial quarter of the Sui and Tang city .
In other words it may be explained by the fact that the genetics of the species is saved , but the natural memetics of the species is lost .
The plural of syrinx is syringes , from which the modern word syringe is derived .
The Prime Meridian is the meridian ( line of longitude ) at which the longitude is defined to be 0 .
Rhenium resembles manganese chemically and is obtained as a by-product of molybdenum and copper refinement .
If the particles collide and separate without changing , the process is called an elastic collision rather than a reaction .
In this way ashy muds or sands or even in some cases ashy limestones are being formed .
Brazil has one of the largest renewable energy programs in the world , involving production of ethanol fuel from sugar cane , and ethanol now provides 18 % of the country 's automotive fuel .
There she meets a faun , who introduces himself as Tumnus and invites her home for tea .
Scott Young ( April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
See Mount Olivet Cemetery for other cemeteries with this name .
The 8-day Blackpool Dance Festival is the world 's first and most famous annual ballroom dance competition of international significance , held in the Empress Ballroom at the Winter Gardens , Blackpool , England since 1920 .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
A 2008 review of child pornography laws in 187 countries by the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children ( ICMEC ) shows that 93 have no laws that specifically address child pornography .
NHL teams will play each other at least once per season It began on October 4 , with the regular season ending on April 12 .
The Arab world ( \/O/ ISO 233 : ) refers to Arabic-speaking countries stretching from the Atlantic Ocean in the west to the Arabian Sea in the east , and from the Mediterranean Sea in the north to the Horn of Africa and the Indian Ocean in the southeast .
It is the oldest school in Singapore .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya ( Arabic : al-Ib iyyah ) is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
Some notable tech companies headquartered in the Bay are AMD , Intel , Cisco Systems , Hewlett-Packard , Apple , Google , eBay , and Yahoo!
Takuya Nozawa ( born August 12 , 1981 in Kasama , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Kashima Antlers .
Under IAU definitions , there are eight planets in the Solar System .
A bumblebee ( also spelled as bumble bee ) is any member of the bee genus Bombus , in the family Apidae .
Archer left in 1898 and was replaced by Victor Herbert , who took the orchestra on several tours and greatly increased the orchestra 's presence .
Give a good reason for your unblock As a user requesting to be unblocked , it is your responsibility to explain clearly and briefly , in easily readable English , why your block violated Wikipedia 's blocking policy .
Arrests : 2,888 Deaths : 1 ( Jean-Jacques Le Chenadec ) Police and firefighters injured : 126 Figures and tables Note : In the table and charts , events reported as occurring during a night and the following morning are listed as occurring on the day of the morning .
The Count demands to be allowed into the room and the Countess reluctantly unlocks the door .
As a result of this idea , in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , the Roman Catholic Church identified the Roman Catholicism to the Croatian nationhood which turned most of its priesthood into ardent Ustashe supporters .
Fecundity refers to the egg laying capacity of a breed .
The clan of Banu Umayyad as well as the dynasty that ruled the Umayyad Caliphate are named after Umayya ibn Abd Shams .
This species is very popularly kept as a pet and exhibited in zoos .
There is a legend that it was Boniface VIII 's doing that Celestine V renounced the papacy -- for Boniface , previously Benedetto , convinced Celestine V that no person on the earth could go through life without sin .
The hometown Astros lost an epic 16-inning Game 6 to the New York Mets , 7-6 .
The outcome of this work was the general recognition that the force of natural selection was often much stronger than had been appreciated before , and that many ecogenetic situations ( such as polymorphism ) were not selectively neutral , they were maintained by the force of selection .
While spacetime can be viewed as a consequence of Albert Einstein 's 1905 theory of special relativity , it was first explicitly proposed mathematically by one of his teachers , the mathematician Hermann Minkowski , in a 1908 essay building on and extending Einstein 's work .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1960/1961 season was contested by 18 teams .
Saint-Arnoult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He also has over 75 albums , 15 of which are Grammy Award winners .
Darth Malak , a Dark Lord of the Sith and Darth Revan 's former apprentice , has unleashed a Sith armada against the Republic .
Formed in 1965 , Pink Floyd initially earned recognition for their psychedelic or space rock music , and , as they evolved , for their progressive rock music .
After failed attempts to infect piglets in 1984 , Marshall drank a petri-dish of the bacteria and soon developed gastritis with achlorhydria .
Scott Moir ( born September 2 , 1987 ) is a Canadian ice dancer .
The soundtrack for The Orange Box consists of music that Valve employees composed for Half-Life 2 : Episode One , Half-Life 2 : Episode Two , Portal , and Team Fortress 2 .
The Lord Chancellor is a member of the Cabinet and , by law , is responsible for the efficient functioning and independence of the courts .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Amnesty International has made several public statements about Darabi .
The first WWF Championship match came next , as Lex Luger challenged Yokozuna .
The first opera house , Teatro San Cassiano , opens in Venice .
The Province of Laguna was named after Laguna de Bay , the body of water that forms its northern boundary . Laguna de Bay , in turn , was named after the town of Bay ( Laguna de Bay is Spanish which means '' Lake of Bay '' ) , the first provincial capital .
Because gametes end up with a random mix instead of a pre-defined '' set '' from either parent , gametes are therefore considered assorted independently .
Sea otters are vulnerable to oil spills and the indirect effects of overfishing ; the black-footed ferret , a relative of the European polecat , suffers from the loss of American prairie ; and wolverine populations are slowly declining because of habitat destruction and persecution .
The word derives from the Greek language '' '' , which literally means '' the inhabited world '' , YourDictionary - ecumenical definition 1996-2010 LoveToKnow , Corp. .
It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
Weaknesses One weakness of this eye construction is that chromatic aberration is still quite high -- although for organisms without color vision , this is a very minor concern .
They are concentrated in the Dutch provinces of Friesland and Groningen and , in Germany , East Frisia and North FrisiaInterfriesischer Rat \/O/ Ynterfryske Rie - Start .
Argolis is one of fifty-one prefectures of Greece .
With few exceptions , this region is quite affluent : Marin County is ranked as the wealthiest in the nation .
Brandon Jennings ( born September 23 , 1989 in Compton , California ) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) who plays at point guard .
Year 1443 ( MCDXLIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In the case of Mandarin Braille , which is based on Zhuyin rather than the Latin Pinyin alphabet , the traditional Latin Braille values are used for initial consonants and the simple vowels .
Founded in its present form in 1818 , as the linear succesor of earlier academic institutions , the University of Bonn is today one of the leading universities in Germany .
The World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) is an intergovernmental organization with a membership of 189 Member States and Territories .
The YB series of 1993 c engines are based on the older Pinto engine block , and were introduced in the road-going Ford Sierra RS Cosworth in 1986 with 204 P. With 5,000 units built for homologation purposes in Group A , both for rallies and touring cars .
In 1971 , he initiated a political power struggle that led , with Soviet support , to his becoming the new leader , replacing Walter Ulbricht as First Secretary of the SED Central Committee and as chairman of the National Defense Council .
Preprint similar to Setebos but different from Sycorax ( which is light red ) .
Centrale , a new shopping center that houses many more familiar names , as well as Croydon 's House of Fraser . North End , the main shopping street , which holds both centres .
Events By place Rome Augsburg ( Augusta Vindelicorum ) is founded by the Roman Emperor Caesar Augustus The Roman general Nero Claudius Drusus fortifies Augusta Vangionum , the modern city of Worms , Germany .
Hamilton Othanel Smith ( born August 23 , 1931 ) is an American microbiologist and Nobel laureate .
Blade Runner is a 1982 American science fiction film , directed by Ridley Scott and starring Harrison Ford , Rutger Hauer , and Sean Young .
The deluxe edition includes four extra songs , a bonus DVD and a 32-page booklet .
Wonderland is the second album by the British pop band McFly , and a follow up to their debut album Room on the 3rd Floor .
The telegraph station was sited near what was thought to be a permanent waterhole in the normally dry Todd River and was optimistically named Alice Springs after the wife of the former Postmaster General of South Australia , Sir Charles Todd .
The Papal Basilica of Saint Peter , officially known in Italian as the ' and commonly known as St. Peter 's Basilica , is a Late Renaissance church located within the Vatican City . St. Peter 's Basilica has the largest interior of any Christian church in the world .
Council of Ephesus (/O431/O) repudiated Nestorianism , proclaimed the Virgin Mary as the Theotokos ( '' Birth-giver to God '' , '' God-bearer '' , '' Mother of God '' ) , repudiated Pelagianism , and reaffirmed the Nicene Creed .
For example , if 71 events occur within 15 seconds , the frequency is :
The translation of peso from Spanish to English is weight .
Costume may also refer to the artistic arrangement of accessories in a picture , statue , poem , or play , appropriate to the time , place , or other circumstances represented or described , or to a particular style of clothing worn to portray the wearer as a character or type of character other than their regular persona at a social event such as a masquerade , a fancy dress party or in an artistic theatrical performance .
Its common soft corals belong to 36 genera .
Before this facility was built , Schoeps had shipped all of their ice cream from two loading docks at their factory .
Older names for Emden are Amuthon , Embda , Emda , Embden .
ISBN 0-14-051448-1 The term is sometimes confused with Mesolithic , and the two are sometimes used as synonyms .
These limestone-mudstone alternations pass up into a clay member formerly known as the Lower Lias Clay now the Charmouth Mudstone Formation .
Their language is Polynesian .
Sedze-Maubecq is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The family is distributed across Africa , Europe , Asia down into Australia .
The Citigroup Center ( formerly Citicorp Center ) is one of the ten tallest skyscrapers in New York City , United States , located at 53rd Street between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue in midtown Manhattan .
She was found alive nine months later on March 12 , 2003 in Sandy , Utah , about 18 miles from her home , in the company of Brian David Mitchell and Wanda Ileen Barzee , who were indicted for her kidnapping but ruled unfit to stand trial .
Brown , Delmer et al .
The city is also a center of sugar production and industry .
'' Amor Prohibido '' is a song by Mexican-American Tejano pop singer Selena .
Parker lived alone on a farm on Blueridge Road after her husband had died when she was 45 .
However , there are also raw , paleolithic dieters who believe that humans have not adapted to cooked foods , and so they eat only foods which are both raw and paleolithic .
The dog ( Canis lupus familiaris , , nicknamed : Man 's Best Friend ) is a domesticated subspecies of the Gray Wolf , a member of the Canidae family of the order Carnivora .
In the last chapter of the novel , Damayanti sacrifices her body in order to let her spirit fly to higher stage of consciousness .
After obtaining 25.87 % of the vote in the first round of France 's presidential elections , Royal qualified for the second round of voting but lost with 46.94 % to Nicolas Sarkozy on May 6 , 2007 .
Vinalhaven is a town located in the Fox Islands in Knox County , Maine , United States .
The strongest storm of the season was Hurricane Ioke , which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson scale in the central Pacific Ocean ; Ioke passed near Johnston Atoll and later Wake Island , where it caused heavy damage but no deaths .
This all-embracing definition was not adopted by most later philosophers , but something not entirely dissimilar reappears in quantum physics , perhaps most obviously in the path-integral formulation of Feynman .
In May and June 2007 , Vesta reached a peak magnitude of +5.4 , the brightest since 1989 .
He writes that '' Consolidating both ranges , I give a final estimate of Pakistan 's democide to be 300,000 to 3,000,000 , or a prudent 1,500,000 . ''
It was also traditional for the fiddler to lead the bridal procession to the church .
From 1946 to 1952 he was the first Secretary-General of the United Nations .
When Guru Tegh Bahadur Was discovered by Baba Makhan Shah Labana , Makhan Shah climbed on top a village roof and started shouting the famous line '' Guru ladho rae , '' '' The Guru has been found , '' which is alleged to be in Lubanki dialect .
After graduation he worked as a practical chemical engineer in Zawiercie and in a few locations which now are part of the Czech Republic , and finally as manager of a textile factory in Ivanovo-Voznesensk , 250 km north-east of Moscow .
Henry was the only child and heir of King Henry V of England .
Alongside the 12-year cycle of the animal zodiac there is a 10-year cycle of heavenly stems .
An 0-4-0WT Maffei named Sid , owned by several L&B members , is also used on the L&B steam service .
Charles Michael '' Chuck '' Palahniuk ( ; born February 21 , 1962 ) is an American transgressional fiction novelist and freelance journalist .
Tagore wrote eight novels and four novellas , among them Chaturanga , Shesher Kobita , Char Odhay , and Noukadubi .
He currently plays for PSV Eindhoven .
This genre is more aggressive compared to its relative , speed metal , and can be seen in part to be a reaction to the lighter , more widely acceptable sounds and themes of glam metalWeinstein 2000 : pp48 .
Estuaries provide habitats for many fish nurseries , depending upon their locations in the world , such as salmon and sea troutBronwyn M. Gillanders , Evidence of connectivity between juvenile and adult habitats for mobile marine fauna : an important component of nurseries .
Fischer , Paul Revere 's Ride , 94 , 108 .
There are also rotary-valve , or German , trumpets , as well as alto and Baroque trumpets .
In 1869 , when the group 's leader , Mily Balakirev , was forced to resign as conductor of the St. Petersburg branch of the Russian Musical Society , Rubinstein gave Balakirev his support , playing at concerts of the Free Music School as Balakirev 's guest .
However , Hannibal 's reforms were unpopular with members of the Carthaginian aristocracy and Rome , and he fled into voluntary exile .
Legge asked her to sing Hugo Wolf 's lied Wer rief dich denn ?
Sources disagree as to whether Ah Bing was responsible for developing the cultivar , or whether it was developed by Lewelling and named in Bing 's honor due to his long service as orchard foreman .
However , the engine saw its first production use in substantially revised form in the Dodge Viper .
It has an all Airbus fleet of 28 aircraft , consisting of A320s , A321s and A330s .
Lussac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Tulsa Revolution is a professional soccer team from Tulsa , Oklahoma that played in the Central Division of the American Indoor Soccer League .
For sub-national entities called states , see Federated state .
The attack was delayed due to tides in the Harlem River that prevented some of the troops from landing .
Call Your Shots : Call Your Shots allows the player to create his or her own plays on the fly and direct receivers where they should run , using the pointer function of the Wii Remote .
Mochi ( Japanese : ) is a Japanese rice cake made of glutinous rice pounded into paste and molded into shape .
Marcia Wallace , the voice of Mrs. Krabappel , won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for her role in the episode .
Once again in the form of the beautiful Tamamo-no-Mae , the fox prophesied that Miura-no-suke would kill it the next day , and begged for its life .
After a prolonged absence , Stalin sent a telegram expressing the concern that Eisenstein had become a deserter .
Richardson has also served as a U.S. Congressman , chairman of the 2004 Democratic National Convention , and chairman of the Democratic Governors Association .
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 2008 , the team won promotion via the playoffs back to League One .
Rio de Janeiro is the smallest state in the Southeast macroregion and one of the smallest in Brazil .
However , the former Prime Minister goes to his office three days a week .
With her Olympic gold and bronze medals , 33 World Cup wins in four disciplines ( downhill , Super G , slalom and super combined ) and two World Championship gold medals ( plus two World Championship silver medals ) , Vonn has become the most successful American woman skier in history .
Fernando de Herrera ( ~ 1534 - 1597 ) , called '' El Divino '' , was a 16th-century Spanish poet and man of letters .
They released two singles , and '' Merry Merrily '' - the latter of which was an insert song in the Love Hina Christmas Special .
It faces a natural harbor protected by the Palisadoes , a long sand spit which connects the town of Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island .
An example of the Kulturprozent 's activity is its own record label Musiques Suisses often featuring little-known works from Swiss music history .
Spencer is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
By State Law , Kahoolawe and its waters can only be used for Native Hawaiian cultural , spiritual and subsistence purposes ; fishing ; environmental restoration ; historic preservation ; and education .
The Territorial Collectivity of Saint Pierre et Miquelon ( , ) is a group of small French islands in the North Atlantic Ocean , the main islands being Saint Pierre et Miquelon , south of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Elvira comes to her window .
Tamworth is a city in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia .
Poliez-Pittet
Roskilde ( ) is the main city in Roskilde Municipality , Denmark on the island of Zealand .
One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is Seascape Study with Rain Cloud , painted in around 1824 at Brighton , which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes the immediacy of an exploding cumulus shower at sea .
The fore legs are well developed in both sexes , unlike in the Nymphalidae , and the tarsal claws are bifid unlike in the Papilionidae .
The Entente cordiale , along with the Anglo-Russian Entente and the Franco-Russian Alliance , later became part of the Triple Entente among the UK , France , and Russia .
Aragon ( Spanish and , ) is a modern autonomous community in Spain , coextensive with the medieval kingdom of Aragon .
Both , listed earlier as a Neptune trojan , is likely to be a Trans-Neptunian object ( TNO ) in a 3:5 resonance with Neptune .
The album 's main songwriters are Tom Fletcher and Danny Jones , both from the group , and also contains contributions from James Bourne from Busted and Busted 's main producers .
In the east it borders the German state of Niedersachsen ( districts of Leer and Emsland ) , in the south Drenthe , in the west Friesland and in the north the Wadden Sea .
Historical natron was harvested directly as a salt mixture from dry lake beds in Ancient Egypt and has been used for thousands of years as a cleaning product for both the home and body .
The shape of the disc , an airfoil in cross-section , allows it to fly by generating lift as it moves through the air while rotating .
Yvette Fielding ( born 23 September 1968 ) is a British broadcaster , producer and actress .
In Hinduism , across many parts of India and Nepal , it is the homecoming of Rama after a 14-year exile in the forest and his victory over the Ravana .
He served as Secretary of State from 1825 to 1829 .
On October 27 , Brian Pillman defeated Richard Morton in the tournament final to win the title .
Ledley Brenton King ( born 12 October 1980 ) is an English footballer who plays as a central defender for Tottenham Hotspur in the English Premier League and the England national team .
Oil lamps can use many other fuels including jathropa seed oil and biodiesel along with wvo , soybean oil , canola oil , hemp seed oil , sunflower seed oil , and olive oil .
He is well known as an author and scholar , and his most famous work , Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum ( The Ecclesiastical History of the English People ) gained him the title '' The Father of English History '' .
Steven Jerome Pienaar ( born 17 March 1982 ) is a South African footballer who plays for English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur .
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hawaii Ponoi is the state song and former national anthem of Hawaii .
Despina is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification .
He is notable because he renounced a large fortune to live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens .
The publication in Ms. magazine of a photo of Gerri Santoro , who died of blood loss following a back-alley abortion , was used extensively to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions .
The examples in suites and partitas by Johann Sebastian Bach are best known .
Because of their potential power and influence , some people make offerings to them as to a deity .
Geography Le Ponchel is situated west of Arras , at the junction of the D121 and the D119 roads , on the banks of the Authie river , the border with the department of the Somme .
The story of the dam as a railway facility began in 1882 when the NSW Railway Commissioners gave notice of the intention to build the first part of the Blayney-Demondrille railway .
The name may be derived from one of the earliest cattle stations , and is possibly the name of the river ford where people could cross the Lachlan River .
As of May 2007 , it was the twelfth-largest religious body in the world , and the sixth-largest highly international religious body .
McPherson , p. 3 .
Some of the Jewish apocrypha were part of the ordinary religious literature of the early Christians .
Three more extensions are planned for opening by 2010 : Hakata-Yatsushiro , Hachinohe-Aomori , and by 2014 : Nagano-Kanazawa , and 2015 : Aomori-Hakodate ( through the Seikan Tunnel ) .
Le Ponchel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Ellington created '' Soda Fountain Rag '' by ear , because he had not yet learned to read and write music .
Many towns , especially the small ones , still retain many aspects of the German culture , such as Pomerode , a small town where 90 % of the population are of German-Brazilian heritage and most of the inhabitants speak German fluently or the Oktoberfest of Blumenau and many other towns in the region .
On an international basis , poets may submit their poems .
Adam Elliot ( born 2 January 1972 ) is an Australian animator , best known for his Academy-Award winning claymation Harvie Krumpet .
Although the Colossus was preserved , much of the Domus Aurea was torn down .
Fronsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France near Bordeaux .
The Airbus A310 is a medium - to long-range widebody airliner .
For many decades during the Gothic and Renaissance eras , Prague was the seat of two Holy Roman Emperors and thus was also the capital of the Holy Roman Empire .
The 320 Yonge bus provides late night service when the subway is not in operation .
Arbroath F.C. are a Scottish football club currently playing in the Scottish Third Division .
Pargny-la-Dhuys is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Unemployment , which had been growing through early summer , spiked .
Donatello was the son of Niccolo di Betto Bardi , who was a member of the Florentine Wool Combers Guild , and was born in Florence , most likely in 1386 .
Herodotus VII ,220 The small Greek force , attacked from both sides , was cut down to a man except for the Thebans , who surrendered .
The population was 1,239 at the 2000 census .
This bugle was highly popular and widely in use until c. 1850 - for example , in works by Richard Willis , later bandmaster of the United States Military Academy Band at West Point .
Haution is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
On January 1 , 2006 Laakdal had a total population of 14,951 .
Electrology is the practice of electrical depilation to permanently remove human hair .
The brand is sold in almost 80 countries around the world , distributed through 15 boutiques that sell no other brand , and over 500 points of sale .
The eunuchs of the Chinese court Medical Testicular cancer is generally treated by surgical removal of the cancerous testicle ( s ) ( orchiectomy ) , often followed by radiation or chemotherapy .
During World War II , Rio Grande do Norte was used as an Allied airbase from which to launch air raids on German-occupied North Africa .
The Seattle SuperSonics ( also commonly referred to as the Sonics ) were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle , Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) from 1967 until 2008 .
The team was almost relegated in the 2003 - 04 season , but rebounded and finished 4th the following season , but missed out on the Champions League after they were held to a draw on the final day by Hannover 96 , which saw Werder Bremen over take them for the spot on the final day .
Early years Although Butterworth was born in London , his family moved to Yorkshire not long after his birth .
Canada ( Montreal , QC ) : Virgin Radio 96
Iepe Rubingh , a Dutch artist , was inspired by Bilal 's book and brought the concept to life in the spring of 2001 , fighting under the name , ` Iepe the Joker ' .
Her 1979 single , '' I Know a Heartache When I See One '' , was a top-twenty single on both the U.S. pop and country charts .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Justin Borucki -- photography
The British Rail Class 10 diesel locomotive was a variation on the Class 08 diesel-electric shunter in which a Blackstone diesel engine was fitted instead of one made by the English Electric company .
Structure Most promotions are self-contained , organized around one or more championship titles and do not acknowledge or recognize the legitimacy of other promotions ' titles .
He follows her into a dressing-room , where he , unseen except by the viewer , overhears her argument with the film 's producer Mukesh Mehra ( Arjun Rampal ) about a recent promise of Mukesh 's to marry a businessman 's daughter in return for funding of a film .
Morocco is a Northern African country , bordering the North Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea , between Algeria and the annexed Western Sahara .
James Hugh Calum Laurie , OBE ( ; born 11 June 1959 ) , best known as Hugh Laurie , is an English actor , voice artist , comedian , writer , musician and director .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
Grabner grew up playing for the local team in Villach , EC VSV . He moved to North America at the age of 17 and joined the Spokane Chiefs of the major junior Western Hockey League ( WHL ) to further his hockey career .
Apollo 17 was the 11th manned space mission in the NASA Apollo program .
Hartford was home to the NHL 's Hartford Whalers from 1979 to 1997 , before the team relocated to Raleigh , North Carolina and became the Carolina Hurricanes .
Paradiso is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The metropolitan counties are a type of county-level administrative division of England .
In 1813 , she married J.G. Svanberg , a violinist at the royal chapel , and in 1826 she married K.F. Bock , who played the flute in the royal chapel .
Martin was raised in Inglewood , California and then later in Garden Grove , California , in a Baptist family .
All real objects occupy a three-dimensional space .
Belloso ( D.M. )
Most Americans refer to the day as '' Nine-Eleven ( 9\/11 ) , '' '' September Eleventh , '' or some variation thereof .
Leonid Hurwicz was 90 when he was awarded the 2007 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science in 2007 .
The name '' Molotov cocktail '' is derived from Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov , who was the Chairman of the Council of People 's Commissars ( i.e. Soviet Prime Minister ) and the People 's Commissar for Foreign Affairs of the Soviet Union during World War II .
Hazaragi ( - Haz rag ) is a language related to Persian spoken by the Hazara people of Afghanistan , Iran and Pakistan .
This isotope has such a long half-life , at , that its radioactivity can be ignored .
Sections 1 - 8 are covering clauses outlining the legal procedures for the establishment of the Commonwealth .
Martha 's Vineyard ( Wampanoag : ) is an island ( including the smaller Chappaquiddick Island ) off the south of Cape Cod in New England , known for being an affluent summer colony . The islands both form a part of the Outer Lands region .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
This was resolved after a South Gauteng High Court decision that owing to a 2007 naming rights agreements with First National Bank , the stadium 's name would revert to '' FNB Stadium '' .
It is the home facility of the Carolina Panthers NFL franchise .
All of the other Rookie leagues are short season leagues as well .
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Jackie Chan Hiu-ki a.k.a. Kellyjackie is a Hong Kong amateur pop singer and a member of a band called the Royals .
Monroe was acclaimed for her performance and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy .
Materpiscis ( Latin for mother fish ) is a genus of ptyctodontid placoderm ( a class of extinct , superficially shark-like armored fishes ) from the Late Devonian ( about 380 million years ago ) located at the Gogo Formation of Western Australia .
The band is named after a boat belonging to Roughton '' Rou '' Reynolds ' uncle , and a character in a play which he wrote before forming the band , both of which are named Shikari . Shikari also means ` Hunter ' , in Marathi , Persian , Hindi , Nepali , Urdu , Punjabi and Bengali .
The Neckar is a major right tributary of the River Rhine .
At any time during a betting round , if one player bets and no opponents choose to call ( match ) the bet and instead fold , the hand ends immediately , the bettor is awarded the pot , no cards are required to be shown , and the next hand begins .
On January 1 , 2006 Comblain-au-Pont had a total population of 5,372 .
Hattem received city rights in 1299 .
However , the waters around the Cape are particularly hazardous , owing to strong winds , large waves , strong currents and icebergs ; these dangers have made it notorious as a sailors ' graveyard .
Dalpe is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
A conjecture is a proposition that is unproven but appears correct and has not been disproven .
Blocked exits and non-functional elevators lead to 118 fatalities , with many victims leaping to their deaths .
George VII succeeds his popular father , Bagrat V , as King of Georgia .
is a Japanese former football player who played for Avispa Fukuoka .
The Red Hot Chili Peppers was formed by Anthony Kiedis , Hillel Slovak , Flea , and Jack Irons while they attended Fairfax High School in Los Angeles , U.S.A. Originally under the moniker of Tony Flow & the Miraculously Majestic Masters of Mayhem , their first performance was at the Rhythm Lounge to a crowd of approximately thirty people , opening for Gary and Neighbor 's Voices .
The following year , the Italian Grand Prix returned to Monza , and Imola hosted the newly-launched San Marino Grand Prix , named after the nearby republic of San Marino .
Subfamily Gerrhonotinae - Alligator lizards
In North America , the sole engine available was the DOHC 1.8 litre , four-cylinder BMW M42 engine for the 1995 model year .
In its most common form , it has narrowboat shaped body , three strings and is played on the arm or under the chin , like a violin .
Gorea attacks and sucks the energy and weapons from the hunters .
Its county town , after which it is named , had been Berwick-upon-Tweed , but the royal burgh changed hands in 1482 , subsequently becoming part of the county of Northumberland , in England .
Magma also contains gases , which expand as the magma rises .
Anthony Lewis Amonte ( born August 2 , 1970 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player .
In the show , Aang is the last surviving Airbender and a monk of the Air Nomads , the only race of people with the unique ability to manipulate the air around them .
Sonya 's original name was Sonya Rizvi but was re-christened with the last name Jehan to honor her grandmother , Noor Jehan , who is a Pakistani legendary singer and Lollywood ( Pakistani cinema actress ) actress .
The pan flute has long been popular as a folk instrument , and is considered the first mouth organ , ancestor of both the pipe organ and the harmonica .
Recently , Volkswagen attempted a revival of the Baja Bug with the Dune concept in 2000 .
Duruflé was born in Louviers , Eure .
However , the train was later re-classified as a diesel-electric multiple unit , and the whole set became Class 252 .
Tattoos on humans are a type of decorative body modification , while tattoos on animals are most commonly used for identification or branding .
Jura , Scotland , Scottish island , in the Inner Hebrides where Isle of Jura Single Malt Whisky is distilled
Crystalline Materials Crystalline solids are found to have energy bands , instead of or in addition to energy levels .
Its lava dome forms the summit of the Saba island stratovolcano .
Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light , with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph ( 71 km\/h ) ; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph ( 82 km\/h ) .
Chitral is also home to the Kalash tribe , who live in Bumburet and two other remote valleys southwest of Chitral town .
Couto has played in a number of top clubs in Portugal , Spain , and Italy and he has won the national league title of each country , as well as the European UEFA Cup and UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup trophies .
Water from these rivers come from the granitic areas and is very pure .
She was commissioned in 1916 and served stateside during World War I. Arizona is best known for her cataclysmic and dramatic sinking , with the loss of 1,177 lives , during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 , the event that brought about US involvement in World War II .
According to Gilbert Burnet , however , Mary convinced her husband that she did not care for political power , and told him '' she would be no more but his wife , and that she would do all that lay in her power to make him King for life '' .
and the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1991 .
An evil leader called Darken Rahl is leading his army against the Midlands .
The typical use pregnancy rate among COCP users varies depending on the population being studied , ranging from 2-8 % per year .
Panon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Naomi Shindou , Japanese seiyuu
The dates for Chinese New Year from 1996 to 2019 ( in the Gregorian calendar ) are at the left , along with the year 's presiding animal zodiac and its earthly branch .
HTTrack is a free and open source Web crawler and offline browser , developed by Xavier Roche and licensed under the GNU General Public License .
During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service , the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were analyzed .
Laconophilia is love or admiration of Sparta and of the Spartan culture or constitution .
He has had several Russian no. 1 hits .
The 1896 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad , was a multi-sport event celebrated in Athens , Greece , from April 6 to April 15 , 1896 .
Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction novel by George R. R. Martin .
They sent a messenger to inform Chinnamalai to accept the British Control of Kongunadu and pay the taxes .
It is mostly known to be used by the New York City Police Department ( NYPD ) , the NYPD Transit Bureau ( was called the New York City Transit Police ) and the NYPD Housing Bureau ( which was called the New York City Housing Authority Police Department ) and other law enforcement agencies when they are at work in New York City .
Alexander overran the Achaemenid Empire in 331 BCE and marched into present-day Afghanistan with an army of 50,000 .
The Tate is an institution that houses the United Kingdom 's national collection of British Art , and International Modern and Contemporary Art .
Meanwhile , Prussia Germanized the entire school system of its Polish subjects , and had no more respect for Polish culture and institutions than the Russian Empire .
The show 's official name was the Mengniu Yoghurt Super Girl Contest , after the company that sponsored the series .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
Adam David Vernon Foote ( born July 10 , 1971 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and captain of the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
February 15 & ndash ; Ferdinand III becomes Holy Roman Emperor .
Each chamber has multiple , variable-tuned brass or bronze reeds , which are secured at one end and loose on the other end , with the loose end vibrating and creating sound .
Fullerton , California , U.S.
Hot Fuzz is a 2007 British action comedy film written by Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright and starring Pegg and Nick Frost .
He has served as music director of the La Scala opera house in Milan , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , music director of the Vienna State Opera , and principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra from 1989 to 2002 , when he retired from the position for health reasons .
Interview with Paul Lyons , Historian and Control and Information Officer at Glasgow Central Station
Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the American grunge band Soundgarden .
The Triassic is a geologic period that extended from about 250 to 200 Mya ( million years ago ) .
It is a broad classification of snakes that includes about two thirds of all snake species on earth .
ISBN 0-679-42389-3 McDowall , David A Modern History of the Kurds , I. B. Tauris , 1996 ( Current revision at May 14 , 2004 ) .
The Colossus of Rhodes was a statue of the Greek god Helios , erected in the city of Rhodes on the Greek island of Rhodes by Chares of Lindos between 292 and 280 BC .
Year 20 ( XX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In the First Epistle of Peter ( c. 90-110 ) , Jesus has ascended to heaven and is at God 's right side .
Sir Charles Villiers Stanford ( 30 September 1852 29 March 1924 ) was an Irish composer , resident in England for much of his life .
Among the most important include the development of science as a formalized practice , increasingly rapid technological progress , and the establishment of secularized civic politics , law courts and the nation state .
The Lady Penrhyn was a First Fleet transport ship of 333 tons , built on the River Thames in 1786 .
The term double star may be used synonymously with binary star , but more generally , a double star may be either a binary star or an optical double star which consists of two stars with no physical connection but which appear close together in the sky as seen from the Earth .
A sold-out Madison Square Garden was filled with more than 20,000 people from 16 countries , 48 states .
However , '' swinging '' in the sense of hip or fashionable , had been used since the early 1960s , including by Norman Vaughan in his '' swinging\/dodgy '' patter on Sunday Night at the London Palladium .
People can be subjected to peer pressure , both to conform to community standards or to flout them .
Hot chocolate ( also known as hot cocoa or just cocoa ) is a heated beverage typically consisting of shaved chocolate , melted chocolate or cocoa powder , heated milk or water , and sugar .
The electronic engine management system is supplied by Motorola , firing a CDI ignition system .
The meaning of the word '' freikorps '' changed over time .
Mallacoota is a small town in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Phetchabun is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , capital of the Phetchabun Province .
They were also erected for other reasons , such as to commemorate a military victory , construction of a church , or as a form of protection from natural disasters .
Fort Worth , Texas
He was Chief Conductor of the Netherlands Radio Orchestra until 1983 .
All Drakens are interceptors with limited air-to-ground capability , with the sole exception of the Danish Drakens , which are strike aircraft capable of carrying AGM-12 Bullpup missiles , advanced '' jammers '' , and increased internal and external fuel stores .
Three days after meeting with Jon Anderson and Chris Squire , White played at the first show of the group 's US Close to the Edge tour .
The Officer Down Memorial Page Accessed January 26 , 2008
It houses a terracotta by Benedetto Buglioni ( 1507 ) and a wodden crucifix by Baccio da Montelupo ( early 16th century ) Parco del Neto ( park ) , at the feet of Monte Morello .
It is also the place where the Geneva Conventions were signed , which chiefly concern the treatment of wartime non-combatants and prisoners of war .
Super OS has received some positive reviews , with Softpedia saying of Super Ubuntu 2008.11 : '' The ` super powers ' of Super Ubuntu can be translated into the inclusion of applications , tools and technologies that are missing from a standard Ubuntu 8.10 ( Intrepid Ibex ) installation .
After the death of their mother , in 1778 , John Wordsworth sent William to Hawkshead Grammar School and Dorothy to live with relatives in Yorkshire ; she and William would not meet again for another nine years .
In 1952 , Shines recorded what is considered his best work for the J.O.B. Records label .
The radian is represented by the symbol '' rad '' or , more rarely , by the superscript c ( for '' circular measure '' ) .
RPG Maker , known in Japan as , is the name of an expansive series of programs for the development of role-playing games ( RPGs ) , first created by the Japanese group ASCII , then succeeded by Enterbrain .
Livingstone was appointed by Hugo Chavez to advise officials and mayoral candidates in Caracas , in order to help transform the city , which journalist Rory Carroll described as suffering from , '' Gridlocked traffic , a crumbling center , hillside slums , horrific murder rates , corrupt police and inept local government '' .
The first mineral discoveries in the Top End were associated with the construction of the Overland Telegraph line between 1870 and 1872 , in the Pine Creek - Adelaide River area .
Cajvana is a town in Suceava County , southern Bukovina , Romania .
After the revision of districts and their borders in the state of Hesse in 1974 the following villages were added to the area of the town of Babenhausen .
Its name originated with Judge Patrick G. Goode , who insisted on the Spanish pronunciation '' Lee-mah '' after the capital city of Peru , but the local vernacular - '' Lye-mah '' - prevailed .
It hosts the Beaminster Festival , an annual nine-day music and art festival .
She lived at the end of the 3rd dynasty and may have been a wife of the last king of that dynasty , Huni .
National Express East Coast is a train operating company in the United Kingdom , running high speed passenger services on the East Coast Main Line between London and Scotland , as part of the East Coast passenger franchise .
Techniques continued to develop which increased counts greatly despite the crotching prohibition , especially the development of a variety of '' '' techniques .
Founded by Bartholomew Columbus in 1496 , it is the oldest continuously inhabited European settlement in the Americas , and was the first seat of Spanish colonial rule in the New World .
A singer known as Prologue tells about a young governess ( who remains unnamed throughout the opera ) he once knew who cared for two children at Bly House .
hybrid control devices have combined features of active and passive control systems .
The current champions are Manchester United , who won their eleventh Premier League title in the 2008 -- 09 season , the most of any Premier League team .
It is officially a neighborhood in the Adalar district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Additional sources of income for the lord included charges for use of his mill , bakery or wine-press , or for the right to hunt or to let pigs feed in his woodland , as well as court revenues and single payments on each change of tenant .
Elections take place every three years , with one-third of the judges retiring ( and possibly standing for re-election ) each time , in order to ensure continuity within the court .
Imhotep was also identified with Thoth , the Egyptian god of writing , education , literacy and scribes through the Greco-Roman Period .
The emperor now changed his name to Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus and , at 29 , took over more of the reins of power , though he continued to rule through a cabal consisting of Marcia , his new chamberlain Eclectus , and the new praetorian prefect Quintus Aemilius Laetus , who about this time also had many Christians freed from working in the mines in Sardinia .
The repression accelerated in June and July 1794 , a period called '' la Grande Terreur '' ( the Great Terror ) , and ended in the coup of 9 Thermidor Year II ( 27 July 1794 ) , the so-called '' Thermidorian Reaction '' , in which several leaders of the Reign of Terror were executed , including Saint-Just and Robespierre .
Mutant or mutants may also refer to :
His film career also includes such films as Marnie , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , The Hunt for Red October , Highlander , Murder on the Orient Express , Dragonheart , and The Rock .
Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Bear worship may have been practiced as far back as the Middle paleolithic period amongst Neanderthal societies .
Amedama Rock ( , February 23 , 2005 )
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and SK Rapid Wien won the championship .
Thomas E. White May 31 , 2001 - May 9 , 2003 George W. Bush
The Scottish Socialist Party ( SSP ) ( ) is a left-wing Scottish political party .
They are dominant in the inner main belt within 2.2 AU , common in the central belt within about 3 AU , but become rare further out .
Robert Remus ( born August 27 , 1948 ) is an American former WWE personality , and semi-retired professional wrestler better known by the ring name Sgt. Slaughter .
Rather , plasmids provide a mechanism for horizontal gene transfer within a population of microbes and typically provide a selective advantage under a given environmental state .
My Generation .
Macrosociology also concerns individuals , families , and other constituent aspects of a society , but always does so in relation to larger social system of which they are a part .
Lollapalooza has featured a diverse range of bands and has helped expose and popularize alternative rock groups such as Thenewno2 , Pearl Jam , Primus , Rage Against the Machine , Nine Inch Nails , Jane 's Addiction , Soundgarden , The Smashing Pumpkins , Alice in Chains , Tool , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Hole , 30 Seconds to Mars , The Strokes , and Green Day .
Some ( albeit certainly not all ) historians think that several important historical figures suffered from learning difficulties ' insidious grasp - for example , Sir Isaac Newton .
The Pyrenees sailed for Western Australia on 2 February 1853 , and arrived in Fremantle on 30 April .
These pieces eventually became the Pawn , Knight , Bishop , and Rook .
While a young man he became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the Irish language .
Rumors ( spread by his enemies ) say thousands of citizens of the town that had sheltered his rival were impaled by Vlad .
Franklins , Franklins Fresh and Franklins Big Fresh also launched their websites that year .
St. Lucas is a city in Fayette County , Iowa , United States .
Transistor -- transistor logic ( TTL ) is a class of digital circuits built from bipolar junction transistors ( BJT ) and resistors .
The Princess Victoria , Princess Royal ( Victoria Adelaide Mary Louisa ; 21 November 1840 5 August 1901 ) was the eldest child and daughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Razakars were a private islamic militia organized by Qasim Razvi to support the rule of Osman Ali Khan , Asaf Jah VII and resist the integration of Hyderabad State in India .
The band 's hit singles , particularly '' Turn Me Loose '' and '' Working for the Weekend '' , have become arena rock staples and are still heard on many classic rock radio stations across the United States and Canada .
David Moore , Robin Beck , and Christopher Rodning , '' In Search of Fort San Juan : Sixteenth Century Spanish and Native Interaction in the North Carolina Piedmont '' , Warren Wilson College Archaeology Home Page , 2004 , accessed 26 Jun 2008 However the following year the Indians killed the Spanish and burned the fort .
Thyme is a basic ingredient in British , French , Greek , Italian , Albanian , Lebanese , Persian , Portuguese , Libyan , Spanish , Syrian , and Turkish cuisines , and in those derived from them .
Summertime , a 1934 cartoon by Ub Iwerks , featured in a 1986 episode of Pee-wee 's Playhouse
However , diodes can have more complicated behavior than this simple on-off action , due to their complex non-linear electrical characteristics , which can be tailored by varying the construction of their P-N junction .
Gothic architecture , in its Catalan or Mediterranean version , is the predominant style of this cathedral , although it also contains Romanesque , French Gothic , Renaissance art , Baroque and Neo-Classical elements .
His performance in that match was dismal and largely blamed on both of the opposition 's goals , leading to him being dropped from the side .
Robb also conversed with producer Lauren Levine before casting even began , and '' their conversation convinced her that , without a doubt , AnnaSophia was meant for this role '' .
Their son , Béla II , was born in 1910 .
The work of Osamu Tezuka drew particular attention : he has been called a '' legend '' and the '' god of manga '' .
Cache is simply very fast memory , memory that can be accessed in a few cycles as opposed to '' many '' needed to talk to main memory .
Oracle bones with ancient Chinese writing from the Shang Dynasty have been radiocarbon dated to as early as 1500 BC .
William Eustis ( June 21 , 1753 -- February 6 , 1825 ) was an early American statesman .
Le Roy is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation ' .
Cold fronts may feature narrow bands of thunderstorms and severe weather , and may on occasion be preceded by squall lines or dry lines .
Shalmaneser regarded it as so menacing to Assyria 's interest that he undertook an expedition in 857 , claimed to have destroyed the capital Arzashkun The Ancient Assyrians - Page 12 by Mark Healy , penetrated as far as Lake Van , and left his inscription on Mount Irritia .
Signing with Regal Recordings , the band released their first single in February 2002 .
In April , they then return to the north through the west , once again crossing the Mara River .
She trained in several camps to improve her wrestling abilities before working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in June 2002 , where she gained national attention .
It appears on Sealandic items , such as stamps , passports , and coins , and is the title of the Sealandic anthem .
The fallen logs continue supporting a rich variety of life for centuries more on the forest floor .
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season gave rise to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
The lake is fed partly by underground springs although its main source is the Jordan River which flows through it from north to south .
Children learn signs for common words , questions , phrases , movements , colors , sports , days of the week , everyday objects , and common activities .
For instance the number of k-permutations of n can be written as
Chantal generated swells of 30 40 ft ( 9 12 m ) along the East Coast of the United States .
Thompson finished the playoff series with 1.23 goals-against average , despite a losing record .
Tretinoin is the acid form of vitamin A and is also known as all-trans retinoic acid or ATRA .
The European plaice , Pleuronectes platessa , is a commercially important flatfish .
As of October 2009 , Windows had approximately 91 % of the market share of the client operating systems for usage on the Internet . The most recent client version of Windows is Windows 7 ; the most recent server version is Windows Server 2008 R2 ; the most recent mobile OS version is Windows Phone 7 .
Children in many UK state primary schools will have a uniform jumper and or polo shirt with the school name and logo .
Freier transferred back to VfL Bochum at the end of the 07 -- 08 season , whom agreed a 5-year contract .
Sound travels faster in liquids and non-porous solids ( 5,120 m\/s in iron ) than it does in air , traveling about 4.3 times faster in water ( 1,484 m\/s ) than in air at 20 degrees Celsius .
Named in honor of Queen Adelaide , the German-born consort of King William IV , the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for a freely settled British province in Australia .
Sensitivity analysis
He earned 14 caps and scored 1 goal for the Brazil national football team .
The BMW 3 Series is a compact executive car manufactured by the German automaker BMW since May 1975 .
Blairlogie , situated at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie was one of central Scotland 's earliest Conservation Villages .
Luca Bucci ( born March 13 , 1969 in Bologna ) is an Italian football goalkeeper .
There are several competing hypotheses about when and where PIE was spoken .
Portugal
He studied law in Munich and took his first juristic state exam in 1957 .
Scotland has Britain 's only publicly funded Air Ambulance service , consisting of two Eurocopter EC 135 Helicopters ( based in Glasgow & Inverness ) and two Beechcraft B200C King Air fixed-wing aircraft ( based at Glasgow & Aberdeen ) .
Tadzio detaches himself from the family and waits for Aschenbach , who turns away when the boy looks directly at him .
Xevious has been ported to multiple other formats , including the Atari 7800 , Atari 8-bit , NEC PC Engine , and Nintendo Entertainment System game consoles , as well as the MSX , ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC , Apple II and Atari ST home computers .
Tetsuya Enomoto is a Japanese football player .
The '' Break the Targets '' minigame as well as the '' Board the Platforms '' minigame are two of the remaining single-player games .
Six were Hendrick family members and\/or Hendrick Motorsports employees : John Hendrick , the owner 's brother and president of Hendrick Motorsports , Jeff Turner , general manager of Hendrick Motorsports , Ricky Hendrick , a Hendrick Motorsports driver and its owner 's son , Kimberly and Jennifer Hendrick , John Hendrick 's twin daughters , and Randy Dorton , chief engine builder .
Sixteen years after appearing in Return of the Jedi , he reprised the role as a younger Senator and Chancellor in the Star Wars prequel films .
Themes in YA stories often focus on the challenges of youth , so much so that the entire age category is sometimes referred to as problem novels or coming of age novels .
Early signs showed the team were , rather disappointingly , delivering similar performances to the previous year , scoring a small tally of points in the opening rounds .
Sodium iodate ( NaIO3 ) is the sodium salt of iodic acid .
Rots is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
His descendants include Ellery Channing , William Ellery Channing , Richard Henry Dana , Sr. , Edie Sedgwick , Kyra Sedgwick , Grace , Emily , Charlotte , and Amy Loring , Daniel Kraus , James Ellery , Gary Ellery , and Jadriene M. Ellery .
The Sorbian languages are classified under the Slavic branch of the Indo-European languages .
Gironde-sur-Dropt is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
A fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes ( usually for royalty or important people ) .
It was released by Capitol Records in 1988 .
Status of Supported File Formats .
Even some Japanese citizens see geisha in that way because of the lower class geisha who do sell their bodies and work as prostitutes . The biggest misconception of geisha is that they have sex with their customers ; the most exclusive modern geisha do not .
It can be expressed as a company 's sales revenue ( from that market ) divided by the total sales revenue available in that market .
Regardless of the exact classification of charophyceans , the consensus among botanists is that they are the organisms most closely related to embryophytes ( land plants ) .
One day he impulsively wrote on a piece of Hotel stationery to his mistress , '' If I die on my trip to India I leave my entire estate to you . ''
Women 's fertility peaks around the age of 19-24 , and often declines after 30 .
They then released their debut single '' She 's Hearing Voices '' on the then fledgling record label Trash Aesthetics .
Hassan concluded that since he was n't scheduled to compete at the event and was therefore denied the opportunity to experience his own WrestleMania '' moment '' , he would have to create a '' moment '' of his own .
Peter Leslie Shilton , OBE ( born Leicester , England , 18 September 1949 ) is a former football goalkeeper who holds the record for playing more games for England than any other player , earning 125 caps .
He published partial research results in a 1994 book .
He was drafted by the Ravens in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft .
Year 19 ( XIX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Reporters later shortened the name to '' Cy '' , which became the nickname Young used for the rest of his life .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
It was named after Russian metropolitan , Saint Dimitry of Rostov , a newly-glorified bishop from the old Northern town Rostov the Great .
His name appears to be connected to a Nubian word for '' cat '' ( besa ) which literally means '' protector '' , and indeed , his first appearances have the suggestion of a cat god .
He earned a high reputation as a writer and teacher , and was later warmly received in the Lhasa region .
Following establishing NATO control over the territory of Kosovo , the Albanian faculty gained control of the campus after the end of the Kosovo War in 1999 , while the Serbian faculty relocated first to central Serbia ( from 1999 to 2001 the seat was in Kru evac ) and two years later to the northern Kosovo ( the seat is currently in Northern Kosovska Mitrovica ) .
In 1996 astronomers Baliunas , Sokoloff , and Soon reported measurements of a sample of stars ' Calcium II H and K spectral lines and thereby measured a rotational period of 37 days for 51 Pegasi .
They released their first full-length album , titled Use Your Fingers .
Solar eclipses are an extreme rarity within the universe at large .
The rings of Saturn are the most extensive planetary ring system of any planet in the Solar System .
Russell is a city in Lucas County , Iowa , United States .
In more recent times , since the germ theory of disease , it has also come to mean an absence of germs and other hazardous materials .
A beating heart cadaver is kept '' alive '' in order to keep its organs from decaying before they can be transplanted .
The town is named after Saint Andrew the Apostle .
This category is for the Metroid video game series and the Metroid fictional universe .
In the video games , Sonic 's original design by Oshima was quite short and round , with short quills , a round body and no visible irises .
Takahiro Endo is a Japanese football player .
Call Types
Saint-Philbert-des-Champs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Arian ideas persist among Unitarians in Transylvania , Hungary , France , and several countries in Africa .
active control devices do have a feedback between the earthquake recording instrumentation and special actuators within the structure ;
Its unity is proper , I have an independent country .
Wassigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is the second film built around one of Baron Cohen 's characters from Da Ali G Show , following Ali G Indahouse , which also featured a cameo by Borat .
She is known for her brash manner and loud , raspy voice with a heavy metropolitan New York accent , and numerous cosmetic surgeries .
Gukansh , p. 252 ; Varley , Paul .
These may have served as the inspiration for the vampire main character in Bram Stoker 's popular Dracula novel .
Estréelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There are three general kinds : curling irons , used to make the hair curly , straightening irons , commonly called straighteners or flat irons , used to straighten the hair , and crimping irons , used to create crimps of the desired size in the hair .
Essjay defended his use of the book by telling fellow Wikipedia editors in a disagreement over the editing of the article Imprimatur : '' This is a text I often require for my students , and I would hang my own Ph. D. on its credibility . ''
The number of search requests on Forestle.org continues to increase significantly : Within two months , it increased more than sixfold from about 4,000 per day on average in December 2008 to more than 24,000 per day in February 2009 . The report about Forestle in a major German newspaper end of February 2009 transiently boosted the number of search events on Forestle.org within a week ( 3rd of March 2009 ) close to its all-time maximum .
Tegna is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Shah Mansur becomes leader of the Timurid occupied Muzaffarid Empire in central Persia .
General information Origin of the name The Old Norse form of the name was probably Arnardalr .
At age 17 , Gaga gained early admission to the New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts and lived in a NYU dorm on 11th Street .
The Common Indian Toad or Common Asiatic\/Asian Toad or Black-spined Toad Duttaphrynus melanostictus is a species of toad that is common in South Asia .
Paul James Hartley ( born 19 October 1976 , in Hamilton ) is a Scottish international professional football player , who plays for Coca Cola Championship side Bristol City .
'' Standard arguments would predict that R&D intensity and productivity should have increased among patenting firms .
On December 12 , Stoneman 's force flanked and forced back Confederate Brig.
Windows CE ( also known officially as Windows Embedded Compact post version 6.0 Microsoft renames Windows CE , sets CE 6.0 launch date Windows Embedded Homepage , and sometimes abbreviated WinCE ) is an operating system developed by Microsoft for minimalistic computers and embedded systems .
The provincial capital is Haarlem and its largest city is Amsterdam .
Tipton , Iowa
Daegu FC
--
External links [ ] Bureau of Public Secrets Rexroth Archives In Fall 2006 , the literary journal Chicago Review published a special issue on Rexroth that includes a large collection of his correspondence , an interview conducted by Bradford Morrow , and several essays and poems in his honor .
However , various later Ibadi leaders are recognized as true imams , including Abdullah ibn Yahya al-Kindi of South Arabia and the imams of the Rustamid dynasty in North Africa .
Larkhall had a population of 15,549 in the 2001 census , and is a typical west of Scotland industrial town .
Its years are designated AP , short for Anno Persico .
As a result , de jure racial segregation was ruled a violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution .
The following parameters allow for substitution where the article name does not use the default .
University of Texas Analysis of human remains suggest migration from sub-Saharan Africa .
It is a sedentary species , breeding in birch and other forests and moorlands in the tundra of Scotland , Scandinavia , Siberia , Alaska , northern Canada and Newfoundland .
Ledger attended Mary 's Mount Primary School , in Gooseberry Hill , and later Guildford Grammar School , where he had his first acting experiences , starring in a school production as Peter Pan at age 10 .
Jerry Hsu ( born December 17 , 1981 , in San Jose , California ) is a professional skateboarder .
Madagascar (/O1994/O) is a Cuban film that marked Fernando Pérez 's change of direction into a more lyrical approach to filmmaking , somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work .
James Henry Hammond ( November 15 , 1807 November 13 , 1864 ) was a politician from South Carolina .
Top of the Town and consists of Broad Street , Castle Wynd , Ballengeich Pass , Lower Castle Hill Road , and St Mary 's Walk .
South Uist is an island of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland .
The right to access the index is still strictly restricted to the ICRC .
However , since most Internet service providers must use BGP to establish routing between one another ( especially if they are multihomed ) , it is one of the most important protocols of the Internet .
VLC includes a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries ; on the Windows platform , this greatly reduces the need for finding/calibrating proprietary plugins .
Middle Chinese can be divided into an early period , generally called Early Middle Chinese , and a later period , Late Middle Chinese .
Christopher George Latore Wallace ( May 21 , 1972 - March 9 , 1997 ) was an American rapper .
DaMarcus Lamont Beasley ( born May 24 , 1982 ) is an American soccer player who plays for Hannover 96 .
Hey baby hey ya mamma he he babobugi
According to Australian rock music historian Ian McFarlane , Rose Tattoo are '' one of the most revered bands of all time .
The Siberian Traps are considered to have erupted via numerous vents over a period of roughly a million years or more , probably east and south of Norilsk in Siberia .
The area was first settled by Europeans in the 1820s , and the town was surveyed in 1839 .
Hartman was born in Highland Park , Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis .
In the presence of water , thallium hydroxide is formed . Sulfuric and nitric acid dissolve thallium rapidly to make the sulfate and nitrate salts , while hydrochloric acid forms a insoluble thallium ( I ) chloride layer .
Year 1391 ( MCCCXCI ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) .
In 1967 , Previn became music director of the Houston Symphony Orchestra .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and FC Tirol Innsbruck won the championship .
In 2007 , The New York Times ran an op-ed piece in which Swarthmore professor Nathaniel Deutsch called for the Bush administration to take immediate action to preserve the community :
From 1898 to 1905 Adolf Hitler lived in Leonding where he attended the local primary school and later a grammar school in nearby Linz .
Web .
Clifton Forge was an independent city during the 2000 census . However , in 2001 , Clifton Forge gave up its city status and reverted to a town .
It is commonly used for the relief of fever , headaches , and other minor aches and pains , and is a major ingredient in numerous cold and flu remedies .
Biography Lei was born in a military hospital in Denver , Colorado to a Panamanian father and a Chinese mother , and was then flown back to Panama , where she was raised and graduated from high school .
The original Spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of Roman mythology , while the English title refers specifically to the faun-like Greek character Pan ( as do the titles used in other languages , including German , Pans Labyrinth and French , Le Labyrinthe de Pan ) .
References Bibliography External links London Transport Museum Photographic Archive .
According to tradition , a Dakini gave a black hat to the third Karmapa , Rangjung Dorje ( 1284 - 1339 ) , when he was three years old . , The Black Crown became the emblem of the oldest reincarnating Tibetan lineage .
Spanish fishing fleets off the Andalusian coast returned to port and weathered the storm on their moorings rather than in the open ocean .
Hiromitsu Isogai ( , born April 19 , 1969 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Jerrycan won the 2008 Jury Prize at the 61st Cannes Film Festival in France for short films , with its portrayal of restless teenagers in rural Victoria .
Hollow Rock is a town in Carroll County , Tennessee , United States .
Named to the NHL Second All-Star Team in 1968 , 1969 and 1970 .
September & ndash ; The Battle of the North Inch takes place in Perth , Scotland .
Richmond is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) and the Greater Richmond area .
History KWord was created as part of the KOffice project in 1998 using several ideas from FrameMaker such as the frames approach .
Edgar Cayce ( March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 ) ( ) was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
Survivor ( UK TV series )
Princess Augusta Frederica ( 31 August 1737 - 23 March 1813 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , a granddaughter of George II and sister of George III .
Young is a town in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia and is the centre of Young Shire .
Beinwil may refer to :
The single was nominated for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 52nd Grammy Awards .
The cashew is a tree in the family Anacardiaceae .
If you believe the information that you added was correct , please cite the references or sources or before making the changes , discuss them on the article 's talk page .
They may contain specialist plant collections such as cacti and succulent plants , herb gardens , plants from particular parts of the world , and so on ; there may be greenhouses , again with special collections such as tropical plants , alpine plants or other exotic plants .
Gonville Hall , the forerunner of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge is founded .
Stoneman ordered Burbridge to bring his division of 4,200 cavalrymen through the Cumberland Gap to join Stoneman and Gillem at Knoxville , Tennessee , where Gillem was refitting his own command into a picked force of 1,500 men .
It was released as the album 's second single in late 2002 and reached number one in several countries .
Two people chosen to represent those gathered were invited into the fortress and slow negotiations began .
There are three main types of fault that may cause an earthquake : normal , reverse ( thrust ) and strike-slip .
The season 's executive producers and co-creators were Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , who worked alongside episode director and co-producer Aaron Ehasz .
Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries , the building was re-established as a cathedral of secular clergy .
The regiments are Guards regiments and form Britain 's Household Division with the five Foot Guards regiments .
Skeleton The calcium carbonate or silica spicules of most sponge genera make them too rough for most uses , but two genera , Hippospongia and Spongia , have soft , entirely fibrous skeletons .
The Duesenberg brothers introduced the first successful straight-8 racing engine in 1920 , when their 3 L engine placed third , fourth and sixth at the Indianapolis 500 .
The Blue Earth River is a tributary of the Minnesota River , 108 miles ( 174 km ) long , in southern Minnesota in the United States , it is also a Minnesota Department of Natural Resources designated Water Trail .
While they explore these areas , they frequently run afoul of the '' Rose Rock Pirates '' , a group led by the bourgeois Captain Rose and crewed by her band of seemingly indestructible Goons .
This is in sharp contrast to the original Extreme Championship Wrestling which ran most of its events in smaller venues .
While there , she twice won the OVW Women 's Championship , although her second reign is not officially recognized .
Mailand 2008 , pp .
White holes appear in the theory of eternal black holes .
The article remains open to editing , but courteous users should leave it alone until you 're done .
Poprad is a city in northern Slovakia at the foot of the High Tatra Mountains famous for its picturesque historic center and as a holiday resort .
Jamie Lee Curtis as Aunt Vivian Ashe
This term had originated from the reported prevalence of these skin tones among the Igbo but eastern Nigerian influences may not be strictly Igbo .
October 22 & ndash ; Pope Benedict XI succeeds Pope Boniface VIII as the 194th pope .
The award is named for Bobby Dodd , longtime head football coach at Georgia Tech and was established in 1976 to honor the values that Dodd exemplified .
Bathgate is a town in West Lothian , Scotland , on the M8 motorway west of Livingston .
Saas-Fee is the main village in the Saastal or the Saas Valley and is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
King David ( c. 1011 -- 971 BC ) was the second king of the United Kingdom of Israel and a major figure in the Bible and the Qur ` an .
Each of the five districts the borough consists of , originally came from one administrative district called '' Landkreis Niederbarnim '' and where incorporated into the city due to the establishment of Greater Berlin in 1920 .
Teach was most likely born in Bristol .
The Jim Crow laws is the name given to a number of laws of the United States .
Dante Daniel '' Danny '' Bonaduce ( born August 13 , 1959 ) is an American radio\/television personality , comedian , professional wrestler , and former child actor who , as an adult , became known for his tumultuous personal life .
May 12 & ndash ; Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter arrives in Cuba for a 5-day visit with Fidel Castro , becoming the first U.S. President , in or out of office , to visit the island since Castro 's 1959 revolution .
The queues for reporting abuse are explained , at each link below , in the following table of Wikipedia policy topics , focused around the active list in the Administrators ' _ noticeboard .
Baron Cohen won the 2007 Golden Globe Award for Best Actor : Musical or Comedy , as Borat , while the film was nominated for Best Motion Picture in the same category .
Conker 's Bad Fur Day is an action-platform video game developed and published by Rare , and distributed by Nintendo . It was exclusively released for the Nintendo 64 in 2001 and is Rare 's last game published for the console .
In most Midwestern and Northeastern states , counties are further subdivided into townships or towns and may contain other independent , self-governing municipalities .
Maroggia is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Vampires Suck is a 2010 American vampire spoof film based on the Twilight film series directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer , starring Jenn Proske , Matt Lanter , Christopher N. Riggi , Ken Jeong , Arielle Kebbel and Anneliese van der Pol .
Gregorian chant is the central tradition of Western plainchant , a form of monophonic liturgical music within Western Christianity that accompanied the celebration of Mass and other ritual services .
A successful mashup mixtape of Arular tracks , Piracy Funds Terrorism , was released in December 2004 via the blogosphere and her live shows .
Jonathan Michael Paul Spector ( born March 1 , 1986 ) is an American soccer player who plays for English Premier League club West Ham United as a defender .
Mombasa is the second largest city in Kenya , lying on the Indian Ocean .
Particularly significant was the Blues Breakers with Eric Clapton ( Beano ) album (/O1966/O) , considered one of the seminal British blues recordings .
Over the past 200 years , countries with Black or African populations have generally not had the same improvements in mortality rates that have been enjoyed by populations of European origin .
In the mid-latitude westerlies , troughs and ridges often alternate , especially when upper-level winds are in a high-amplitude pattern .
Urheimat ( a German compound of ' '' primitive , original '' and ' '' home , homeland '' ; , ) is a linguistic term denoting the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language .
He then fights and defeats Ares by stabbing the god 's heel .
After Ashikaga Yoshimasa , 8th shogun of the Muromachi shogunate lost interest in politics , his wife Hino Tomiko largely ruled in his place .
The related , but separate financial audit comprises internal audit and external audit .
Grand-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Scolasticism gets its start with late ancient figures like ( early church fathers ) St. Ambrose and St. Augustine who attempt to use Philosophy and Philosophical reason to help explain the doctrine and mysteries of the church .
On February 28 , 1929 , the General Assembly added to the description of the flag that the blue and red would be the same color as the flag of the United States .
They find the camp under attack because Thalia 's tree , which protects the camp , has been poisoned by an unknown intruder .
The Romans used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other provinces of the Roman Empire .
The majority , including nearly all Northern Hemisphere species , have mainly dark plumage , but some Southern Hemisphere species are black and white , and a few ( e.g. the Spotted Shag of New Zealand ) are quite colourful .
ICD9 =
All versions of the operating system support the Windows NT filesystem , NTFS 3.0 , the Encrypting File System , as well as basic and dynamic disk storage .
warn-summary : Message re .
The album has sold over 6,000,000 copies worldwide , making it Ozzy 's best-selling album to date .
After 360 years , the 21st of March ( the usual start of spring ) would come in winter , on what would otherwise be the 21st of December .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
Belafonte is perhaps best known for singing the '' Banana Boat Song '' , with its signature lyric '' Day-O . ''
On April 3 , 1933 , the rise of Nazism led to his being dismissed from his position at the Berlin Conservatory because of his Jewish background .
To early observers with low-resolution telescopes , M27 and subsequently discovered planetary nebulae somewhat resembled the giant planets like Uranus , and William Herschel , discoverer of this planet , eventually coined the term ` planetary nebula ' for them , although , as we now know , they are very different from planets .
Dextromethorphan has also found other uses in medicine , ranging from pain relief to psychological applications .
The vast majority of German breweries continue to comply with the Biergesetz , often claiming compliance with the Reinheitsgebot even when it is patently incorrect ( for example , for wheat beers , which were prohibited by the Reinheitsgebot ) , using this compliance as a valuable marketing tool .
New Stuyahok is a city in Dillingham Census Area , Alaska , United States .
It was released as a single on March 14 , 2011 .
Aignerville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The track features Daniel Stern on guitar and was produced by Don Gilmore and written by Lavigne and Ben Moody , former Evanescence guitarist and Lavigne 's then-current good friend .
In early 1992 , radio astronomers Aleksander Wolszczan and Dale Frail announced the discovery of planets around another pulsar , PSR 1257 +12 .
It is the most visited country in the world , receiving 82 million foreign tourists annually .
Chinnamalai 's soldiers battled against the British at MalaValli front and caused severe damage to the British forces .
The current chairman of the party is Marc Abramsson .
The basic arithmetic operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication and division , although this subject also includes more advanced operations , such as manipulations of percentages , square roots , exponentiation , and logarithmic functions . Arithmetic is performed according to an order of operations .
The system tracked west-northwestward , and by August 10 consisted of a broad surface trough with minimal shower activity .
Chanukah ) , also known as the Festival of Lights , is an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem at the time of the Maccabean Revolt of the 2nd century BCE .
While a student at Hiram , she was made the librarian of the Olive Branch Society , and did such an excellent job that she was asked to organized the libraries of the other societies .
He gained fame in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC dramedy , Soap , and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s , appearing in the box office successes When Harry Met Sally ... and City Slickers .
The Key Man (/O2008/O)
To the left God produces the tables of the law , Adam and Eve partake of the forbidden fruit , the brazen serpent is reared aloft , and punishment supervenes in the shape of death and the realm of Satan .
Mont Ventoux ( in classical norm or in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
The traditional power trio has a lineup of guitar , bass and drums , leaving out the rhythm guitar or keyboard that are used in other rock music to fill out the sound with chords .
As of 2010 , the population was 36,299 .
However , many Spitz-type breeds retain wolf-like characteristics such as independence , suspiciousness , and aggression towards unfamiliar humans or other dogs , and can therefore require much training before they become manageable .
Norwood was born into a musically oriented family , his older sister Brandy is a multi-platinum recording artist , and his father Willie Norwood is a well known gospel-singer .
The falafel balls are topped with salads , pickled vegetables and hot sauce , and drizzled with tahini-based sauces .
That is to say , if the weight is 1 kg , an increase of a few grams will not be noticed .
The main industry of Alfreton was coal mining but since the mines closed in the 1960s , it is light industry and warehousing .
In addition , he helped compose some of the music to the video game ' , and composed the theme music in 2003 for the BBC 's Seven Wonders of the Industrial World .
College website - biographical history page
The severity of the sack of Prato led to the surrender of the Florentine Republic , and to the restoration of the Medici rule .
In the Gregorian calendar , it will be the 2017th year of the Common Era , or of Anno Domini ; the 17th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 8th of the 2010s decade .
The Daily Mirror is a British tabloid newspaper founded in 1903 .
Plot About a Girl centers around Amy Ryan , a young college student who moves into a house off-campus when her dorm room turns out to be unacceptable .
Book 2 ( 431-428 BC ) War begins with Thebes ' attempt to subvert Plataea .
The club continued to enjoy success within their division , regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935 , 1937 , and 1944 .
Hubert H. Humphrey was instrumental in this merger .
Well-known examples of permissive licences include the MIT License and the BSD licenses .
Barry Dickins ( born 1949 ) is an Australian author , artist and playwright .
It had its beginnings in the Confraternity Bible , which began to be translated from the original languages in 1948 .
Saint-Pierre-d'Aurillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The figures were carved by 11 different sculptors . French was also the designer of the two allegorical figures Brooklyn and Manhattan currently flanking the museum 's entrance ( created in 1916 for the Brooklyn approach to the Manhattan Bridge , relocated to the museum in 1963 ) .
Though Cayce considered himself a devout Christian and lived before the emergence of the New Age Movement , some believe he was the founder of the movement and influenced its teachings .
For example , a forensic autopsy is carried out when the cause of death may be a criminal matter , while a clinical or academic autopsy is performed to find the medical cause of death and is used in cases of unknown or uncertain death , or for research purposes .
A pornographic actor/actress or a porn star is a person who appears in pornographic films .
Victory dances and victory cries similarly parallel war dances and war cries performed before the outbreak of physical violence .
The most obvious visible difference between the two groups is that porpoises have flattened , spade-shaped teeth distinct from the conical teeth of dolphins , and shorter beaks .
Lipova resort
Austria is unique among Western European countries insofar as it has granted Muslims the status of a recognized religious community .
Joel Thomas Zimmerman ( born January 5 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name deadmau5 ( pronounced '' dead mouse '' ) , is a Canadian progressive , electro , and house producer based in Toronto , Ontario .
A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s ranking the Auburn public school system among the top in the state and nation convinced thousands of new residents to move to Auburn over the past 25 years .
She is working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) on its Raw brand as Eve , as well as her full name .
After their summer vacation , the Winx return to Alfea to begin their second year .
Younger people are turning to electronic text on computers with screen reader software instead , a more portable communication method that they can also use with their friends .
An aneurysm ( or aneurism ) ( ) is a localized , blood-filled dilation ( balloon-like bulge ) of a blood vessel caused by disease or weakening of the vessel wall .
Thus it is 1 volt ( 1 joule per coulomb ) multiplied by the electron charge ( 1 e , or ) .
While there they discovered that tiny amounts of glutathione inhibited protein synthesis in reticulocytes , and that tiny amounts of RNA killed the synthesis all together .
Randolph Stow wrote a humorous children 's book Midnite : The Story of a Wild Colonial Boy in 1967 which told the story of an Australian bushranger based on the life and exploits of Moondyne Joe and a Queensland bushranger Captain Starlight .
Endocrine glands are glands of the endocrine system that secrete their products , hormones , directly into the blood rather than through a duct .
As of December 31 , 2009 , all versions of the Game Boy Advance combined have sold 81.50 million units .
Possession and use of psilocybin mushrooms , including the bluing species of Psilocybe , is therefore prohibited by extension . However , in many national , state , and provincial drug laws , there is a great deal of ambiguity about the legal status of psilocybin mushrooms and the spores of these mushrooms , as well as a strong element of selective enforcement in some places .
Born in a hamlet near the village of Arda , Smolyan Province , Balkanska has been singing Rhodopean folk songs since her early childhood .
A nonpreemptive multitasking system is very similar to the simple control loop scheme , except that the loop is hidden in an API .
At the time of its construction , its height of 64 meters made it the second tallest structure in Asia .
Ascension of Jesus -- Thursday , May 12 ( Ascension Day )
The Cat Who Played Post Office (/O1987/O)
Like White-tailed Hummingbird , it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread Stripe-tailed Hummingbird .
Then , West held several posts in the administration of Jimmy Carter : General Counsel of the Navy ( 1977 - 1979 ) , Special Assistant to the Secretary and to the Deputy Secretary of Defense ( 1979 ) , and General Counsel to the Department of Defense ( 1980 - 1981 ) .
University of Washington Libraries Digital Collections -- Vietnam Era Ephemera This collection contains leaflets and newspapers that were distributed on the University of Washington campus during the decades of the 1960s and 1970s .
Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Each round was a guessing game where the panel tried to determine a contestant 's '' secret '' .
The Governorate of Dhofar is in the far south of the Sultanate and borders on the Wusta Region the east , the Arabian Sea to the south , the Republic of Yemen to the west and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to the north and north-west .
Derrick James Mason ( born January 17 , 1974 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Michael Carrick ( born 28 July 1981 ) is an English footballer who plays for Manchester United as a midfielder .
Mary Wollstonecraft ( ; 27 April 1759 -- 10 September 1797 ) was an eighteenth-century British writer , philosopher , and feminist .
In light of the 2003 failure of the ADEOS II satellite that was meant to succeed the NSCAT , QuikSCAT is currently the only US-owned instrument in orbit that measures surface winds over the oceans .
Hans-Dietrich Genscher ( born March 21 , 1927 ) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
She has received four Grammy Award nominations and has sold over 27 million albums worldwide .
The area of Castletown is made up of 99.3 % white , 0.4 % Asian and 0.2 % mixed-race .
Hodgenville is a city in and the county seat of LaRue County , Kentucky , United States .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
The malleability , lack of tarnishing and use of the metal in jewellery could also indicate a reference to platinum .
Summertime , by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass
It is believed that the bell was rung by Saint Partick to let people know it was time for church .
Ciara 's second studio album , Ciara : The Evolution was released December 5 , 2006 .
John Grisham graduated from the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981 and practiced criminal law for about a decade .
At the end of each quarter , teams change their scoring end .
The most commonly contemplated type of perpetual motion machine in this class is a mechanical system which ( supposedly ) sustains motion indefinitely , despite losing energy to friction and air resistance .
Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
The head office in the U.S. is in Houston , Texas .
The middle 50 % range of ACT scores for the enrolled class was 26-30 , with an average ACT score of 27 .
In 1866 , a national Olympic Games in Great Britain was organized by Dr. William Penny Brookes at London 's Crystal Palace .
The Parliament of Scotland , officially the Estates of Parliament , was the legislature of the Kingdom of Scotland .
Under alkaline conditions , however , some of these reactions reverse ; for example , Mn2 + is oxidized to Mn4 + ( as MnO2 ) .
Charlie White ( born October 24 , 1987 ) is an American ice dancer .
Several detachments make up a company .
They are mostly found in low-density regions and are rare in the centers of galaxy clusters .
The road runs from west to east from Marylebone Road to Pentonville Road .
Early life Saint Margaret was the daughter of the English prince Edward the Exile , son of Edmund Ironside .
Beset with numerous injuries in the 1972 - 73 NHL season , the St. Louis Blues of the NHL bought Madigan 's rights from the Buckaroos , and he suited up for the Blues in January 1973 at the age of 38 , becoming the oldest rookie ever .
Floringhem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Rheine is located on the river Ems , approx .
Statistics Belgium ; Population de droit par commune au 1 janvier 2008 ( excel-file ) Population of all municipalities in Belgium , as of 1 January 2008 .
Following that , the two concluded their storyline at Vengeance where Batista scored the third and final win over his former mentor inside Hell in a Cell .
The sodium bicarbonate ( NaHCO3 ) that precipitates out in reaction ( I ) is filtered out from the hot ammonium chloride ( NH4Cl ) solution , and the solution is then reacted with the quicklime ( calcium oxide ( CaO ) ) left over from heating the limestone in step ( II ) .
Although the idea of a power law had been suggested by 19th-century researchers , Stevens is credited with reviving the law and publishing a body of psychophysical data to support it in 1957 .
A substituted template will not be updated when the master template is updated .
The regional stress from by the 27 February 8.8 earthquake almost two weeks before caused the earthquake which was felt throughout central Chile .
Singing is often done in a group of other musicians , such as in a choir of singers with different voice ranges , or in an ensemble with instrumentalists , such as a rock group or baroque ensemble .
Christopher Columbus named the island after the day of the week on which he spotted it , a Sunday ( dominica in Latin ) , November 3 , 1493 .
More literally however , the word '' Navi '' in Sanskrit means ` boat ' and '' Gathi '' means ` direction ' .
The drive-in was built in 1953 by local resident Juan Delgadillo ( May 17 , 1916 - June 2 , 2004 ) .
On January 1 , 2006 Lummen had a total population of 13,691 .
Mutsuhiko Nomura ( born 10 February 1940 in Hiroshima ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
In computer architecture , register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialization of program operations imposed by the reuse of registers by those operations .
The problem occurs when a Jewish traveller crosses the line and for whom it is Friday but for the city the traveller is visiting , it is Saturday .
For example , the unit of pressure is named after Blaise Pascal , so its symbol is written '' Pa '' , whereas the unit itself is written '' pascal '' .
History Loir-et-Cher is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Separate recordings were made for nearby and distant gunfire to make for a more believable sound experience in the public beta , and the finished game uses Waves Audio plugins to modify dialog and other audio in-game depending on conditions .
The Mormons in Utah tend to have conservative views when it comes to most political issues and the majority of voter-age Utahns are unaffiliated voters ( 60 % ) who vote overwhelmingly Republican .
Nowadays it is the capital city of country district Zwickau .
Pavarotti became even better known throughout the world in 1990 when his rendition of Giacomo Puccini 's aria , '' Nessun Dorma '' from Turandot was taken as the theme song of BBC 's TV coverage of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy .
The following algorithm generates the next permutation lexicographically after a given permutation . It changes the given permutation in-place .
Year 1898 ( MDCCCXCVIII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 12-day-slower Julian calendar ) .
He worked at a number of different jobs , including librarian , businessman , teacher , journalist and editor .
With Schoenberg he studied counterpoint , music theory , and harmony .
The next Rugby World Cup will take place in 2011 in New Zealand .
A kill switch ( also called an e-stop ) is a security measure used to shut off a device in an emergency situation in which it can not be shut down in the usual manner .
In addition , the '' main street '' traversing Aurora , Denver and Lakewood , Colorado , and abutting the Colorado State Capitol is named '' Colfax Avenue '' in the politician 's honor .
The counter has two photomultiplier tubes connected in a coincidence circuit .
Sun was the first provisional president when the Republic of China ( ROC ) was founded in 1912 and later co-founded the Chinese National People 's Party or Kuomintang ( KMT ) where he served as its first leader .
The concept of salad dressing varies across cultures .
Stuart Baxter ( born 16 August 1953 ) is a Scottish football manager and former player .
He is often depicted as an oni with a bag slung over his back .
Times were especially hard when the Netherlands ( then called the Batavian Republic ) was under French Napoleonic rule and all ties with the homeland were severed .
During 1963-66 , he was the first actor to play the lead role of the Doctor in the long-running science fiction television series Doctor Who .
This article is about the ballroom dance style . For other dances that go by the name '' jive '' , see jive .
Origami is the traditional Japanese art of paper folding , which started in the 17th century AD at the latest and was popularized in the mid-1900s .
Rolling Stone placed it at number 13 on their list of '' The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time '' in November 2003 , calling it '' the most prophetic rock album ever made .
Solo project In March 2008 , McLean performed his first two solo shows ( as himself ) at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles .
When his teacher Arrigo Pola moved to Japan , Pavarotti became a student of Ettore Campogalliani , who at that time was also teaching Pavarotti 's childhood friend , Mirella Freni , whose mother worked with Luciano 's mother in the cigar factory .
A high-pressure area ( also called a high or a high-pressure ) is a region where the atmospheric pressure at the surface of the planet is greater than its surrounding environment .
It can also often be complicated by the sufferer 's lack of judgment and insight regarding periods of exacerbation of characteristic states .
HEADING RAID 4 '' Striping with dedicated parity ''
While it later found its audience on home video , Smith has said of the movie '' It was a six million dollar casting call for Chasing Amy ' '' .
More than half the mass of the main belt is contained in the four largest objects : Ceres , 4 Vesta , 2 Pallas , and 10 Hygiea .
Mombasa port is the largest in Kenya .
results from expansion or contraction of rock , caused by temperature changes .
A typical scale for a terrestrial globe is roughly 1:40 million .
He died in Cambridge of abdominal cancer on 5 November 1879 at the age of 48 .
Orville Wright flies an aircraft with a petrol engine at Kitty Hawk , North Carolina in the first documented , successful , controlled , powered , heavier-than-air flight .
The Berlin years Schnabel moved to Berlin in 1898 , making his debut there with a concert at the Bechstein-Saal .
The word has been used in different ways in Mesoamerican studies by different scholars to refer to the ancestors mentioned in the mythical/historical narratives of the Aztecs .
Auschwitz I was the original camp , and it served as the administrative center for the whole complex .
Measurements during Titania 's occultation of a star put an upper limit on the surface pressure of any possible atmosphere at 10 -- 20 nbar .
November 19 & ndash ; Franz Schubert , Austrian composer ( b. 1797 )
Mondrepuis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Canadian Forces Maritime Command ( MARCOM ) , also known as the Canadian Navy , is the maritime force of the Canadian Forces .
In computing , a serial port is a serial communication physical interface through which information transfers in or out one bit at a time ( contrast parallel port ) .
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement on 23 March 1889 and termed it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama ` at ( community ) , envisioning it to be a revitalisation of Islam .
Lawrencium ( , ) is a radioactive synthetic element with the symbol Lr ( formerly Lw ) and atomic number 103 .
Trams are a distinctive part of Melbourne 's character and trams feature heavily in tourism and travel advertising .
Rockin ' the Boat : mass music and mass movements .
Although not mineralized , it is often classified as a gemstone .
No damage or casualties were reported .
On September 29 , Olaf made landfall near Salina Cruz , Oaxaca .
Its normal coloring consists of brown and white stripes or spots .
Her father was in the public service , so her family relocated often .
A peasant named Thurkhill in England claims that Saint Julian took him on a tour of Purgatory .
A sample of the song '' Fieber '' ( German : fever ) , which Fox sings with K.I.Z. , was released on Fox 's MySpace website on the 1st of November 2007 .
These dusters are typically used by rack-jobbers and truck drivers who need to dust store shelves , and like to retract the feathers into the handle to avoid damage .
Wilson started late as a professional player , as his father would not let him sign papers with Manchester United as he thought it was n't a reasonable job whilst he was a youth .
The '' Super 6 '' teams played the three other teams that advanced from the other group .
C.
This is the implement used to mix the powdered tea with the hot water .
He is a four-time NASCAR Winston Cup ( now Sprint Cup ) Series champion , three-time Daytona 500 winner , and driver of the # 24 DuPont/Pepsi/United States National Guard Chevrolet Impala .
December 24 An assault on Napoleon Bonaparte fails in Paris .
In 1896 when William Henry Flower took control of the Department he hired Richard Lydekker to rearrange the exhibitions , The Natural History Museum at South Kensington , William T. Stearn ISBN 0-434-73600-7 allowing Thomas to concentrate on these new specimens .
Silver oxide is commercially available .
Dawkins came to prominence with his 1976 book The Selfish Gene , which popularized the gene-centred view of evolution and introduced the term meme .
Thus , speed over the ground ( SOG ) ( ground speed ( GS ) in aircraft ) and rate of progress towards a distant point ( ` velocity made good ' , VMG ) are also given in knots .
mIRC is an Internet Relay Chat ( IRC ) client for Microsoft Windows , created in 1995 and developed by Khaled Mardam-Bey .
Hurricane Boris was the second of three storms to impact the Pacific coast of Mexico in June and July 1996 . The fourth tropical cyclone and second hurricane of the 1996 Pacific hurricane season , Boris formed out of a tropical wave roughly 250 m south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 27 .
Organic cyanides are generally called nitriles .
John Forbes Kerry ( born December 11 , 1943 ) is the junior United States Senator from Massachusetts and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
By contrast , to dilute a solution , one must add more solvent , or reduce the amount of solute .
The deepest ocean is the Pacific ocean , with the deepest point being 36,200 feet deep .
This field is for professional relationships with other musicians or bands that are significant and notable to this artist 's career .
Slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist Anders Colsefni , guitarists Donnie Steele and Josh '' Gnar '' Brainard , bassist Paul Gray , drummer Joey Jordison and percussionist Shawn Crahan , in Des Moines , Iowa .
January 11 & ndash ; William Herschel discovers Titania and Oberon , 2 moons of Uranus .
, he was ranked 5th in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
Konstantin Freiherr von Neurath ( 2 February 1873 -- 14 August 1956 ) was a German diplomat , Foreign Minister of Germany ( 1932-1938 ) and Reichsprotektor ( Governor ) of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia ( 1939-1941 ) .
Rosberg won the 2005 GP2 Series for the ART team , having raced in Formula Three Euroseries previously for his father 's team .
Most visiting aircraft carry fewer than twenty passengers , such as the Twin Otter , a common sight around Saint Barth and throughout the northern West Indies .
There are many proposals for precise definitionsStanford sophomore students defined RISC as '' a type of microprocessor architecture that utilizes a small , highly-optimized set of instructions , rather than a more specialized set of instructions often found in other types of architectures '' .
The non-software content of Debian began to comply with the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 ( released in April 2007 ) and subsequent releases .
Marcel Desailly ( ; born Odenke Abbey 7 September 1968 in Accra , Ghana ) is a retired French footballer and star of the France national football team squad , with whom he won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 .
The date was chosen because the ship Restauration coming from Stavanger , Norway , arrived in New York Harbor on October 9 , 1825 at the start of the first organized immigration from Norway to the United States .
The Actinopterygii or ray-finned fishes constitute a class or sub-class of the bony fishes .
On the following week 's episode of Raw , Michaels defeated Benoit due to interference by Triple H. Afterwords , Steve Austin appeared and announced that Triple H would be defending his World Championship at WrestleMania against both Michaels and Benoit in a Triple threat match .
