Saint-Maixent is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
This conclusion is supported by numerous exhaustive published scientific studies .
In 1982 , by decision of Pope John Paul II , the Catholic Church made it into a personal prelature- that is , the jurisdiction of its own bishop covers the persons in Opus Dei wherever they are , rather than geographical dioceses .
Senegal is externally bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west , Mauritania to the north , Mali to the east , and Guinea and Guinea-Bissau to the south ; internally it almost completely surrounds The Gambia , namely on the north , east and south , exempting Gambia 's short Atlantic Ocean coastline .
A.K.A , AKA , Aka or aka may refer to : '' Also known as '' , used to describe author pseudonyms , aliases , nicknames , working names , legalized names , pen names , maiden names , etc. .
Following pressure from the Kennedy administration in the United States , a civilian government was restored , with Park narrowly winning the 1963 election as the candidate of the newly-created Democratic Republican Party over Yoon , candidate of the Civil Rule Party .
It is the third-largest moon in the Solar System and the second largest in the Jovian system , after Ganymede .
In film The Beatles ' film Help !
They were replaced with Blanche and Camille .
Shankar 's association with Harrison greatly increased Shankar 's popularity and Ken Hunt of Allmusic would state that Shankar had become '' the most famous Indian musician on the planet '' by 1966 .
Wilson E.B. 1896 ; 1900 ; 1925 .
The 7 July 2005 London bombings ( referred to often as 7\/7 ) were a series of coordinated suicide attacks upon Londoners using the public transport system during the morning '' rush hour '' .
In 1958 he won the international Koussevitsky Competition for conductors , which resulted in a number of operatic conducting engagements in Italy , and in 1963 he won the Dimitri Mitropoulos Prize for conductors , allowing him to work for five months with the New York Philharmonic .
Lowe has performed Space Ghost 's voice more than any other role in his acting career , and he has portrayed the character more often than any other actor .
A bar chart or bar graph is a chart with rectangular bars with lengths proportional to the values that they represent .
The current Abbottabad District was originally a tehsil of Hazara , the Imperial Gazetteer of India described it as follows :
On 24 April 1558 , the fourteen-year-old Dauphin was married to the Queen of Scots in a union that could have given the future kings of France the throne of Scotland and also a claim to the throne of England through Mary 's great-grandfather , King Henry VII of England .
The musical film was a natural development of the stage musical .
The members of the band played for as long as possible and then were forced to postpone or cancel a few dates .
Examples of everyday bureaucracies include governments , armed forces , corporations , non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , intergovernmental organizations ( IGOs ) , hospitals , courts , ministries , social clubs , sports leagues , professional associations and academic institutions .
All three songs have been released as singles in various forms .
Karthikeyan won two feature races in the 2007-2008 season , including the season finale at Brands Hatch starting from pole position .
Hagerstown is also the chief commercial and industrial hub for a greater Tri-State Area that includes much of Western Maryland as well as significant portions of South Central Pennsylvania and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia .
For the '' Government Districts '' ( Regierungsbezirke ) see : Regierungsbezirk
The Wigmore Hall also publishes on its own record label Wigmore Hall Live recordings of concerts by prominent artists that had taken place .
The cremasteric muscle is part of the spermatic cord .
The west side of the wave expanded and was declared as Tropical Depression Six on September 30 .
We 're Not Married ! featured Monroe as a beauty pageant contestant .
From 1982 to 1993 , Botswana was divided into two constituencies , Gaborone North and Gaborone South . A third seat in Parliament was given to a member elected for the whole city of Gaborone .
Fanfares are popular as theme music for television and radio news programs .
Badshah Munir Bukhari and the Director Khowar Academy , Rehmat Aziz Chitrali worked on the language and its family .
The main island is made up of many small towns , which together form one metropolitan area with a population of 368,250 ( majority of the population of the island ) according to Eurostat .
Apart from a high level of proteins , lentils also contain dietary fiber , folate , vitamin B1 , and minerals .
Sandro Cardoso dos Santos ( born March 22 , 1980 ) , simply known as Sandro is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a role of forward .
Yo-yo dieting or Yo-yo effect , also known as weight cycling The term '' yo-yo dieting '' was coined by Kelly D. Brownell , Ph. D. , at Yale University , in reference to the cyclical up-down motion of a yo-yo .
Paulo Antonio de Oliveira ( born 16 July 1982 ) , or simply Paulinho , is a Brazilian football striker who plays for Ventforet Kofu .
The band has had 16 top ten singles on the Billboard rock charts , seven of which peaked at # 1 , and one # 1 album for Purple in 1994 .
At his mother 's request , Milarepa left home and studied sorcery . While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the impending marriage of their son , he took his revenge by summoning a giant hail storm to demolish their house , killing 35 people , although the uncle and aunt are supposed to have survived .
The WWE European Championship was originally known as the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) European Championship .
Hurricane Luis was a very large , very intense and a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane as well as being among the most notable storms of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
The house however died out in 1173 , and the castle was then transferred to emperor Frederick Barbarossa .
No names were retired after the 1971 season .
Some also consider it to be Bad Religion 's finest effort , containing '' Change of Ideas '' , '' No Control '' , '' I Want to Conquer the World '' , '' Big Bang '' and '' You '' , all of which are staples of their live show to this day .
In a career lasting over sixty years , he served as Prime Minister four times ( 1868 -- 1874 , 1880 -- 1885 , February -- July 1886 and 1892 -- 1894 ) , more than any other person .
The 1940 Bald Eagle Protection Act in the U.S. , which protected the Bald Eagle and the Golden Eagle , prohibited commercial trapping and killing of the birds .
The atlas and axis are specialized to allow a greater range of motion than normal vertebrae .
The game features EA Sports Broadcast advertising and new camera angles .
Aschenbach notices that Tadzio , like himself , is not laughing at the skit , and wonders ` Does your innocence keep you aloof , or do you look to me for guidance ?
Borough council , a form of local government
A few months after Spider-Man 's introduction in Amazing Fantasy # 15 ( Aug. 1962 ) , publisher Martin Goodman reviewed the sales figures for that issue and was shocked to find it to have been one of the nascent Marvel 's highest-selling comics . A solo ongoing series followed , beginning with The Amazing Spider-Man # 1 ( March 1963 ) .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
The station opened on 20 December 2005 along with the exhibition centre .
This design philosophy became retroactively termed complex instruction set computing ( CISC ) after the RISC philosophy came onto the scene .
The console was based on VIA 's Glory Personal Gaming Console Platform , and would have included a keyboard , mouse , game controller and a remote control .
Since Pluto was initially classified as a planet , it was not given a number until a 2006 redefinition of '' planet '' that excluded it .
The River Fleet is the largest of London 's subterranean rivers .
A heavy , slow-moving lizard , up to long , the Gila monster is the only venomous lizard native to the United States and one of only two known species of venomous lizards in North America , the other being its close relative , the Mexican beaded lizard ( H. horridum ) .
An emergency telephone number call may be answered by either a telephone operator or an emergency service dispatcher .
Editorial The Jamaat Talks Backin The Bangladesh Observer December 30 , 2005Dr .
Gadsden is a city in and the county seat of Etowah County , northeastern Alabama , United States , approximately 60 miles northeast of Birmingham .
Quietly and privately distressed with developments in the USSR ( The '' Great Purges '' ) , she continued to write for leading periodicals , including The Atlantic Monthly , Harper 's , The Nation and Asia .
Transport or transportation is the movement of people and goods from one location to another .
Hospers is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States , along the Floyd River .
During the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino , Italy , he led the Sweden national men 's ice hockey team to their second Olympic Gold Medal .
The radon equilibrium factor is the ratio between the activity of all short-period radon progenies ( which are responsible for most of radon 's biological effects ) , and the activity that would be at equilibrium with the radon parent .
Michael Andrew Gove ( born 26 August 1967 ) is a Conservative politician , journalist and author in the United Kingdom .
For a brief time in 1970 this line-up shortened its name to Heart ; however , the band went through more personnel changes , and when Ann Wilson joined in late 1970 , the band was named Hocus Pocus .
The lobster 's head bears two pairs of antennae , three pairs of jaws .
Indeed , with only about 2.7 percent of Australia 's land area it produces more run-off than all of Australia south of the Tropic of Capricorn .
Hybrid Theory ( 2000 -- 2002 ) Linkin Park released Hybrid Theory on October 24 , 2000 .
The Saltire is one of the key components of the Union Flag which , since its creation in 1606 , has appeared in various forms following the Flag of Scotland and Flag of England first being merged to mark the Union of the Crowns .
For example , there are finds from the Hallstatt culture , as well as from Roman Raetia , or at least occupation by romanized Celts .
In 1964 , he helped found , with Harlem businessman Dunbar McLaurin , Freedom National Bank - a black-owned and operated commercial bank based in Harlem .
The Greater London Authority , London Assembly and the directly elected Mayor of London were created in 2000 by the Greater London Authority Act 1999 .
The Trumpet Manucode is widely distributed throughout lowland rainforests of northeastern Australia , New Guinea and nearby islands .
Edward F. Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University 's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics .
At the same time , the dark-coloured , or melanic , moths , carbonaria , flourished because of their ability to hide on the darkened trees .
Glamorgan is latterly represented by the three preserved counties of West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan and South Glamorgan .
The Sony Radio Academy Awards : Winners 2004Sony Radio Academy Awards - Winners 2008 Costing # 71.4 million ( 2005/6 ) , BBC Annual Report and Accounts 2005/2006 , page 106 it is the BBC 's most expensive national radio network and is considered by many to be the corporation 's flagship .
land of beaches , hills and valleys ,
Biology Archaeognaths are found in a wide range of habitats , and are unusual among insects in that they can even be found in the Arctic where they live in leaf litter and rock crevices .
Verneil-le-Chétif is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The ghetto 's remaining inhabitants were transferred to another camp .
The European Union , the United States , and Russia are the world 's three largest sugar beet producers , Major Food And Agricultural Commodities And Producers - Countries By Commodity although only the European Union and Ukraine are significant exporters of sugar from beets .
On the west side of the island , Waimea town is located at the mouth of the Waimea River , whose flow formed Waimea Canyon , one of the most scenic canyons in the world , and which is part of Waimea Canyon State Park .
While in Bologna he became a deacon , and by 1428 he was a priest .
There are two music videos for '' Wait and Bleed '' ; the first , directed by Thomas Mignone , features footage of a live performance of the song with the studio track overdubbed .
Thalwil also boasts the oldest wood corporation in the Canton of Zurich , the Bannegg-Waldung .
Eduardo De Filippo ( 24 May 1900 - 31 October 1984 ) was an Italian actor , playwright , screenwriter , author and poet , best known for his Neapolitan works Filumena Marturano and Napoli Milionaria .
Haemophilia ( also spelled hemophilia in North America , from the Greek haima ` blood ' and philia ` love ' ) is a group of hereditary genetic disorders that impair the body 's ability to control blood clotting or coagulation , which is used to stop bleeding when a blood vessel is broken .
While originally consisting of six members , the current group members are Masahiro Nakai , Takuya Kimura , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , Goro Inagaki and Shingo Katori .
When the show debuted , each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning at a time , running through the panel twice , in order .
Elijah Jordan Wood ( born January 28 , 1981 ) is an American actor .
On January 1 , 2006 Mont-Saint-Guibert had a total population of 6,400 .
Linguistically they were believed to be a remnant of the inhabitants of the Indus Valley civilization .
However , the word taupe may often be used to refer to lighter shades of taupe today , and therefore another name for this color is dark taupe .
This interpretation became influential , but some scholars have since argued that while the Grand Council served an important ceremonial role , it was not a government in the sense that Morgan thought .
Montignez is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle can be found using the Pythagorean theorem , which states that the square of the length of the hypotenuse equals the sum of the squares of the lengths of the other two sides .
Kentaro Hayashi ( born August 29 , 1972 in Machida , Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer .
He much preferred playing outdoors , in the woods and creeks , to time spent in the classroom .
The North Stars played their home games at the Met Center in Bloomington , and the team 's colors for most of its history were green , yellow , gold and white .
In 1930 Erich Kleiber conducted premiere of Darius Milhaud 's Christoph Columbus .
Louis XVI and his wife , Marie Antoinette , were executed ( in 1793 ) , along with thousands of other French citizens during the Reign of Terror .
On August 13 , 1943 , Graham married Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell ( 1920 - 2007 ) , whose parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China , where her father , L. Nelson Bell , was a general surgeon .
Ten states have a Hancock County named for him ; other places named after him include Hancock , Massachusetts ; Hancock , Michigan ; Hancock , New York ; and Mount Hancock in New Hampshire .
Early life Kidman was born in Honolulu , Hawaii .
In mathematics , the ( , German for ` decision problem ' ) is a challenge posed by David Hilbert in 1928 . The asks for an algorithm that will take as input a description of a formal language and a mathematical statement in the language and produce as output either '' True '' or '' False '' according to whether the statement is true or false .
It is distinguished from a chanson , which is a folk or popular song .
In Matthew , Pilate washes his hands to show that he was not responsible for the execution of Jesus and reluctantly sends him to his death .
A music video was also produced for the song , which features a teenage boy , wearing a Slayer t-shirt , watching a montage of a live Megadeth performance and war footage on his living room television set .
He returned to Yugoslavia in 1954 and lived in Belgrade , although he still traveled a lot .
Senistrognata / Sinnsreachd In the late 1990s , members of Imbas , a Celtic Reconstructionist organisation based in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , Bonewits , Isaac ( 2006 ) Bonewits 's Essential Guide to Druidism .
The body is translucent making it quite difficult to spot in the turbid waters of its home .
January 21 -- In Belmopan , Belize , unrest over the government 's new taxes erupts into riots .
The NCEP centers to reside in the facility are the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center ( HPC ) , the Climate Prediction Center ( CPC ) , the Ocean Prediction Center ( OPC ) , the Environmental Modeling Center ( EMC ) , and NCEP Central Operations ( NCO ) .
This is a list of notable theatrical feature films produced by Walt Disney Productions and its successor label , Walt Disney Pictures .
Removing a wart with salicylic acid can be done by cleaning the area , applying the acid , and removing the dead skin with a pumice stone or emery board . It may take up to 50 weeks to remove a wart .
In Freud 's psychology , displacement ( from German Verschiebung , literally meaning ` shift ' or ` move ' ) is an unconscious defense mechanism whereby the mind redirects affects from an object felt to be dangerous or unacceptable to an object felt to be safe or acceptable .
The suggestion that the two princesses be evacuated to Canada was rejected by Elizabeth 's mother ; she said , '' The children wo n't go without me .
A pedestrian is a person traveling on foot , whether walking or running .
A July 1 , 2009 estimate placed the population at 238,772 .
Garfield is a comic strip created by Jim Davis .
The BR Standard Class 8 was a class of 4-6-2 Pacific steam locomotive designed by Robert Riddles for use by British Railways .
The series was created by David Milch , who was also executive producer , head writer , and show runner throughout its run .
Gianfranco Leoncini ( born 25 September 1939 ) is a retired Italian footballer .
Ambrief is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Bipolar Disorder : A Clinician 's Guide to Biological Treatments , page 3 .
Pagan 's Vows (/O1995/O)
When iodic acid is carefully heated , it dehydrates to iodine pentoxide .
Scintillation cocktails often contain additives that shift the wavelength of the emitted light to make it more easily detected .
They spanned all classes and included military soldiers and officers , Cossacks , intellectuals of various professions , dispossessed businessmen and landowners , as well as officials of the Russian Imperial Government and various anti-Bolshevik governments of the Russian Civil War period .
The chemical formula is Hg2I2 .
The Mayflower was the ship that transported the English Separatists , better known as the Pilgrims , from a site near the Mayflower Steps in Plymouth , England , to Plymouth , Massachusetts , ( which would become the capital of Plymouth Colony ) , in 1620 .
The last alteration to the current flag occurred in 2004 when the aspect ratio changed from 1:2 to 3:5 .
The chief of the Desilu Productions company , Lucille Ball , reportedly '' single-handedly kept Star Trek from being dumped from the NBC-TV lineup . ''
The total area is 79.97 km which gives a population density of 136 inhabitants per km .
All text that you did not write yourself , except brief excerpts , must be available under terms consistent with Wikipedia 's Terms of Use before you submit it .
The president would later marry Edith Bolling Galt in 1915 .
Lockridge is a city in Jefferson County , Iowa , United States .
For his feats , Johnson was voted as one of the 50 Greatest Players of All Time by the NBA in 1996 , and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2002 .
The '' Hay Copy '' was made either on the morning of the delivery of the Address , or shortly after Lincoln 's return to Washington .
On the island of Sumatra , there are reports of a 1-1 .5 m tall humanoid , the Orang Pendek which might be related to H. floresiensis .
The adaptive immune system is composed of highly specialized , systemic cells and processes that eliminate or prevent pathogenic challenges .
Durability The original standard connectors were designed to be robust and recent ones are even more so ( eg , the micro B connectors used in some mobile equipment like cellular phones ) .
Events include accuracy shooting , fastest skater , Skills Challenge Relay , hardest shot , Breakaway Challenge , and an Elimination Shootout .
Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Also , '' Beasts of England '' , the song that came to Old Major in his dream , was later banned on Animal Farm by Napoleon , at which time it was replaced by '' Comrade Napoleon '' , a hymn composed by Minimus the pig that pledges allegiance to Animal Farm and to work to protect it .
Billy-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The month is spent by Muslims fasting during the daylight hours from dawn to sunset .
June January 25 Moscow University is established on Tatiana Day .
For example , suppose a cup of orange juice has utility of 120 utils , a cup of tea has a utility of 80 utils , and a cup of water has a utility of 40 utils .
He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became full professor in 1980 .
Exchange students from Italy , Brazil and Germany help to enhance student ability in English .
The Hershey Company ( ) , known until April 2005 as the Hershey Foods CorporationPreparedfoods.com URL last accessed June 30 , 2006 .
The Federal Social Court ( Bundessozialgericht ) is the German federal court of appeals for social security cases , mainly cases concerning the public health insurance , long-term care insurance , pension insurance and occupational accident insurance schemes .
Donald Sutherland met his current wife , French-Canadian actress Francine Racette , on the set of the Canadian pioneer drama Alien Thunder .
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth ( Estigmene acrea ) is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
A version of Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended was used for a Prerelease Beta ( known as '' White Rabbit '' ) . A large group of selected Photoshop users were invited to beta test in mid-February 2010 .
Much rarer , a supercentenarian is a person who has lived to the age of 110 or more , something only achieved by about one in a thousand centenarians .
During its run , Fireproof had a domestic gross of $ 33,456,317 , more than tripling the lifetime earnings of its predecessor , Facing the Giants , and moving it into the top 5 Christian films by earnings .
There are over 1300 species in North America .
A reader should be assisted in navigating around the information with ease , by optimal inter-letter , inter-word and particularly inter-line spacing , coupled with appropriate line length and position on the page , careful editorial '' chunking '' and choice of the text architecture of titles , folios , and reference links .
Her favorite brother , Edwin , was killed near Ypres in 1916 .
Schuschnigg desperately sought support for Austrian independence in the hours following the ultimatum , but , realizing that neither France nor the United Kingdom was willing to take steps , he resigned as Chancellor that evening .
The centrosome is thought to have evolved only in the metazoan lineage of eukaryotic cells .
In a recent interview with ESPN Deportes , Sosa said he would '' calmly wait '' for his induction into baseball 's Hall of Fame , for which he will become eligible in 2013 .
This version was capable of a maximum speed of 342 mph , some 25 to 30 mph faster than the Mk I/O. The performance of the Spitfire over Dunkirk came as a surprise to the Jagdwaffe , although the German pilots retained a strong belief that the 109 was the superior fighter .
Richea is a genus of 11 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph ( 100 km\/h ) winds that afternoon .
Iconoclasm is the deliberate destruction of religious icons and other symbols or monuments , usually for religious or political motives .
Robert Lee Castleman , Grammy-winning singer\/songwriter
Native to cold temperate coastal areas of Japan , Korea and China , in recent decades it has also established in France , Great Britain , Spain , Italy , Argentina and Australia .
Mutant ( Marvel Comics ) , a human being who is born with genetic modifications that allow for abilities not possessed by regular humans .
Wilhelm Frick ( 12 March 1877 16 October 1946 ) was a prominent German Nazi official serving as Minister of the Interior of the Third Reich .
One home was destroyed and one injury was reported .
On 25 March 1971 , West Pakistan began a civil war to subdue the democratic victory of East Pakistanis .
Ned Kellys World She is buried in Forbes Cemetery .
Fanagalo , a Zulu-based pidgin language once referred to as Kitchen Kaffir .
The boys were separated from the main convict population and kept on Point Puer , the British Empire 's first boys ' prison .
A geographic coordinate system is a coordinate system that enables every location on the Earth to be specified by a set of numbers .
They are usually raced on scaled-down circuits .
When Burton returned to Drake , his tribe apologized , and were happy to have him back . When Lil returned to Morgan , she was welcomed by her old tribe , however she was n't sure if she could trust them , especially Andrew , who was still visibly resentful toward her .
Eye candy - Fluxbox-wiki Because of its small memory footprint and quick loading time , Fluxbox is popular in many Live CDs such as Knoppix STD and GParted .
The bonfires are lit in memory of the miraculous escape that young Prahlad accomplished when Demoness Holika , sister of Hiranyakashipu , carried him into the fire . Holika was burnt but Prahlad , a staunch devotee of god Vishnu , escaped without any injuries due to his unshakable devotion .
The Prime Meridian and its opposite the 180th meridian ( at 180 longitude ) , which the International Date Line generally follows , form a great circle that divides the Earth into the Eastern and Western Hemispheres .
Voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .
Winds of up to , that changed direction three times throughout the day , produced conditions described by the local CFA incident controller as the worst he had ever seen .
Uruk is eponymous of the Uruk period , the protohistoric Chalcolithic to Early Bronze Age period in the history of Mesopotamia spanning ca .
everytime a player was shot in the head .
Chain store , retail outlets which share a brand and central management
After playing quarterback at the University of Tennessee , he served as an assistant coach under Bill Alexander at Georgia Tech beginning in 1931 .
He married in 1104 : 1 ) Lucienne de Rochefort - the marriage was annulled on 23 May 1107 at the Council of Troyes by Pope Paschal II .
The second was to keep open the supply lines to their own armies in North Africa .
Most archaeologists now connect the Xia to excavations at Erlitou in central Henan province , Bronze Age China at National Gallery of Art where a bronze smelter from around 2000 BC was unearthed .
The Zanzibar national football team is the national team of Zanzibar , and is controlled by the Zanzibar Football Association .
In 1857 , the name '' Fort Des Moines '' was shortened to '' Des Moines '' and the state capital was moved here from Iowa City .
Carme did not receive its present name until 1975 ; IAUC 2846 : Satellites of Jupiter 1974 October 7 ( naming the moon ) before then , it was simply known as .
Dodd also understood the deep-seated rivalry with the University of Georgia .
The series stars Eliza Dushku , who worked with Whedon on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel .
Then he was Director of the British Museum ( Natural History ) ( now the Natural History Museum ) , from 1950 until his retirement in 1960 .
Hattusas , the Hittite capital , was burned and abandoned , and never reoccupied .
Langston University & ndash ; Langston , Oklahoma
The Hungarian name for the language is magyar ( ) .
Tiberius Julius Caesar Augustus , born Tiberius Claudius Nero ( November 16 , 42 BC -- March 16 , AD 37 ) , was the second Roman Emperor , from the death of Augustus in AD 14 until his own death in 37 .
Depictions In post-Renaissance art , Selene is generally depicted as a beautiful woman with a pale face , riding a silver chariot pulled by a yoke of oxen , or a pair of horses , or a pair of serpentine dragons .
The Commonwealth Constitution also provides that the States can agree to refer any of their powers to the Commonwealth .
U.S. Census Factfinder 2006 Population estimate for Laredo , Texas Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with an estimate population of 718,073 .
The server , which stores content , or provides resources , such as HTML files and images , or generates such content on the fly , or performs other functions on behalf of the client , returns a response message to the client .
Males were black with a pale eel stripe or finching down the spine , while females and calves were reddish ( these colours are still found in a few domesticated cattle breeds , such as Jersey cattle ) .
Lingle holds a number of distinctions : first Republican elected governor of Hawaii since the departure of William F. Quinn in 1962 , first county mayor elected governor of Hawaii , first female governor of Hawaii , first Jewish governor of Hawaii ; the first governor of Hawaii not to have any children ; she has been married and divorced twice .
Autogenic Therapy , first published by Grune and Stratton , Inc. , New York , ( 1969 ) .
January 10 & ndash ; The Treaty of Hopewell is signed between the United States of America and the Chickasaw Nation .
The Danube Delta ( ; ) is the second largest delta in Europe , after the Volga Delta , and is the best preserved on the continent Danube Delta - UNESCO World Heritage Centre .
To the south , it is delimited by the Sahel : a belt of semi-arid tropical savanna that comprises the northern region of central and western Sub-Saharan Africa .
Gakuto Kondo is a Japanese football player who plays for Vissel Kobe .
Types of districts The majority of the districts are rural districts ( ) of which there are 313 .
His abilities are more functional than math-related .
The H is not pronounced , and the stress is on the i. is one of the 26 states of Brazil , and is located in the northeastern part of the country on the Atlantic coast .
For college , she first attended the University of Rochester ( from which she was '' asked to leave '' ) before graduating with a BA from Syracuse University in 1940 .
The wildebeest ( plural wildebeest , wildebeests or wildebai ) , also called the gnu ( or Gnu Answers.com ) , is an antelope of the genus Connochaetes .
Growth accelerates in the first half of puberty and stops at the completion of puberty .
It was Meneghini 's love and support that gave Callas the time needed to establish herself in Italy , and throughout the prime of her career , she went by the name Maria Meneghini Callas .
The Chicago Cubs is an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois .
Stadio Olimpico - Rome (/O1960/O)
A second direct-to-video sequel , ' , was released on August 30 , 2005 .
Although he still plays for Spain , he currently resides in Latvia .
The monkey legend is also linked with another of the town 's sports clubs , Hartlepool Rovers RFC , which uses the hanging monkey as the club logo .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
La Pellerine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
However , Peter and his brother Richard decided on Australia , arriving in Victoria in October 1852 .
The Linux kernel is released under the GNU General Public License version 2 ( GPLv2 ) ( plus some firmware images with various non-free licenses ) , and is developed by contributors worldwide .
Oates alleged that there existed an extensive Catholic conspiracy to assassinate Charles II , accusations that led to the execution of at least 15 men and precipitated the Exclusion Bill Crisis .
'' Let Me Know , '' previously titled '' Sunday Driver , '' was the song Paul Stanley played when he was first introduced to Gene Simmons , and it was later recorded by Wicked Lester .
Pannonians revolt with Dalmatians and Illyrian tribes against Roman rule .
Candidiasis is a very common cause of vaginal irritation , or vaginitis , and can also occur on the male genitals .
In December 2006 it was announced that '' Hips Do n't Lie '' was the # 1 song of the year , a first for both Shakira and Wyclef Jean .
In many cases , however , specialization of sex has evolved such that some organisms produce only male or only female gametes .
In 1950 , Skiatron tested its Subscriber-Vision system on WOR in New York City .
The thumb is the first digit of the hand .
It was made at the annual World Water Week 2008 , which was held in Stockholm from August 17 to 23 and initiated the Public Private Partnership for Handwashing ( PPPHW ) .
A live CD based Linux distribution started by Steven Watsky , it was designed to look very simple , in order to be as accessible as possible to new users .
'' Originally referred to as Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks , the concept of RAID was first developed in the late 1980s by Patterson , Gibson , and Katz of the University of California at Berkeley .
The total area is 21.76 km which gives a population density of 409 inhabitants per km .
The school year started with a large demonstration against university complicity in the war in allowing Dow recruiters on campus at the University of Wisconsin in Madison on October 17 .
Malikis say that it is 36 .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali was born in Cairo into a Coptic Christian family ( Boutros being the Arabized form of Petros ) .
Ramasse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
History The district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts Eisenach and Bad Salzungen , and a few municipalities from the district Bad Langensalza .
By the end of April , the north side of the mountain started to bulge .
WrestleMania 21 was the first WrestleMania held at the Staples Center , but the fifth to take place in the Southern California metropolitan area ( following WrestleMania 2 , WrestleMania VII , WrestleMania XII , and WrestleMania 2000 ) .
The measured deposition temperature indicated that hassium ( VIII ) oxide is less volatile than osmium tetroxide , OsO4 , and places hassium firmly in group 8 .
Zest is used to add flavor ( '' zest '' ) to foods .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer ; a device which also records is known as a seismograph .
Proponents of free and open source software use proprietary or non-free to describe software that is not free or open source .
HTML tags normally come in pairs like and . The first tag in a pair is the start tag , the second tag is the end tag ( they are also called opening tags and closing tags ) .
As a result of this , in 1994 -- 2000 Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Slovakia as well as Mexico and the Republic of Korea became members of the organization .
The original batch of trains were the last to be assembled at Alstom 's Washwood Heath plant , in Birmingham , before its closure in 2005 .
NCAA football redirects here .
The Hajj is a demonstration of the solidarity of the Muslim people , and their submission to God ( Allah in the Arabic language ) .
During the period of the last ice age , some of the species that are now extinct included the genus of elephants Mammuthus ( mammoths ) and the elephant relatives the mastodons .
According to the Gospels of Matthew and Luke , Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit and born from the Virgin Mary .
Read more about privacy , confidentiality and discretion on Wikipedia .
This was followed by a post-series film , The X-Files : I Want to Believe , in 2008 .
is a landmark in the city of Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
When the affair was revealed in 2002 , he moved out of the marital home and bought a bachelor pad .
Conurbaciones Las Palmas is the largest city of the European Union outside Europe .
In his activities as an editor , Essjay had spent less time editing the content of articles and more time addressing vandalism and resolving editorial disputes .
They divorced shortly thereafter .
Whether or not they reached the summit before they died remains a subject of speculation and continuing research .
Stetten is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The river was explored in 1806 by William Clark during the return voyage of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , and the Clark 's Fork of the river was named for him .
The names Cleo , Dora , and Hilda were later retired , and were replaced with Candy , Dolly , and Hannah , respectively , in the 1968 season .
Statistics of Japan Football League in the 1993 season .
During the 1970s she was concerned with the problems of emotionally deprived and socially disadvantaged children , and she studied deviations and delays in development .
Elnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The roots of this organization go back to 1934 and the creation of the New York City Housing Authority .
The shape of the administrative area Warwickshire differs considerably from that of the historic county .
Wheelchairs are used by people for whom walking is difficult or impossible due to illness ( physiological or physical ) , injury , or disability .
Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky composed the world 's most famous works of ballet -- Swan Lake , The Nutcracker , and Sleeping Beauty .
It was named after Queen Mab , a fairy queen from English folklore who is mentioned in William Shakespeare 's play Romeo and Juliet .
Condition can refer to : A state of being .
Rancid is an American punk rock band formed in Berkeley , California in 1991 .
Lorenz adopts an ecological model to attempt to grasp the mechanisms behind this contradiction .
Since then , 238 players have been inducted .
Methylphenidate pharmacological effect on the central nervous system is almost identical to that of cocaine .
Complex organisms became gradually more common in the millions of years immediately preceding the Cambrian , but it was n't until this period that mineralised -- hence readily fossilised -- organisms became common .
Another use of the Froot Loops branding by Kellogg 's was for the Froot Loops cereal bar .
The design of Rhino in his plastic ball was based on executive producer John Lasseter 's pet chinchilla , which was brought to an animators ' retreat during the film 's production .
Although the replacement , the Barebones Parliament ( July- December 1653 ) , was nominated by Cromwell and the leaders of the army , it proved just as difficult to control and was in addition a subject of popular ridicule .
The concert was broadcast on radio and television in Europe .
The storm then turned back to the north and was classified as extratropical on December 1 .
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
See main articles : Hebrew braille , Japanese braille , Korean braille , Vietnamese braille , Tibetan braille , and Chinese braille .
A louver ( American English ) or louvre ( British English ) , from the French l'ouvert ; '' the open one '' ) is a window , blind or shutter with horizontal or , less often , vertical slats , that are angled to admit light and air , but to keep out rain , direct sunshine , and noise .
Hesperocallis , sometimes placed in its own family , Hesperocallideaceae , has recently been shown to be closely related and its inclusion in Agavaceae has been recommended .
Lark Rise to Candleford is a British television costume drama series , adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson 's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside , published between 1939 and 1943 .
The Cold War ended after the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , leaving the United States as the dominant military power , and Russia possessing most of the Soviet Union 's nuclear arsenal .
Other countries such as Germany offer a limited amount of common law rights for unregistered marks where to gain protection , the goods or services must occupy a highly significant position in the marketplace -- where this could be 40 % or more market share for sales in the particular class of goods or services .
River 's father abandoned his wife and son when the son is three years old , he goes out to get a pizza and does not come back .
The seat of the district is the town of Echallens .
It is a parliamentary democratic constitutional monarchy .
He also served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990 .
The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team after Houston 's previous franchise , the Houston Oilers , moved to Nashville , Tennessee , where they are now the Tennessee Titans .
Four years later ( in 1925 ) , divorced from his first wife , he married Lyubov ' Belozerskaya .
Lower Hudson River , in New York and New Jersey , U.S.
Her film work includes starring roles in I Know What You Did Last Summer (/O1997/O) , Cruel Intentions (/O1999/O) ; Scooby-Doo (/O2002/O) ; the American remake of Japanese horror film The Grudge (/O2004/O) ; and The Return (/O2006/O) .
Patrick Aloysius Ewing ( born August 5 , 1962 ) is a Jamaican-American retired Hall of Fame basketball player and current assistant coach for the National Basketball Association 's Orlando Magic .
Inhabitants of Melbourne are called Melburnians .
She and her husband are both Jewish and married in 1984 and have two children .
NOTE : This page is NOT for proposing new stub articles .
The Free City was created on 10 January 1920 , against the wishes of the local population page 284 .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The first postage stamp , commonly referred to as the Penny Black , issued in the United Kindom in 1840 , was the result of the effort to bring reform and convenience to the early 19th century postal system in the UK which was in disarray and rife with corruption at the time .
President Yoon remained in office to provide legitimacy to the regime , but resigned on March 22 , 1962 .
For official forecasts see : the NHC 's public advisory archive on Hurricane Jeanne .
iTunes supports copying music to an iPod ; however , only music and videos purchased from the iTunes store can be transferred from the iPod back to iTunes .
The group includes many well-known desert and dry zone types such as the agave , yucca , and Joshua tree .
Early in the 20th century , scholars produced a carefully edited collection of her works- the first for any British novelist- but it was not until the 1940s that Austen was widely accepted in academia as a '' great English novelist '' .
Tornadoes come in many shapes and sizes , but are typically in the form of a visible condensation funnel , whose narrow end touches the earth and is often encircled by a cloud of debris and dust .
Year 1852 ( MDCCCLII ) was a leap year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Tuesday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Grisham then produced at least one work a year , most of them very popular bestsellers .
When he arrives , he finds his uncle seriously wounded . Link 's uncle tells Link to rescue Princess Zelda from her prison , giving him a sword and shield .
A hand axe is a bifacial Stone tool of the Lower and Middle Paleolithic .
You can use to add Wikimedia Sister Projects ' links to your portal ( links to news , images and so on ) .
The Gers is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The Werra has its source near Eisfeld in southern Thuringia .
Nevin was born in 1862 , at Vineacre , on the banks of the Ohio , a few miles from Pittsburgh .
The Russian River , with its mouth at the north end of Goat Rock Beach , is Sonoma County 's largest watercourse both in flow rate and lineal extent .
Nowe Warpno is a town in northwestern Poland , in Police County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
cf .
Denmark has long controlled the approach to the Baltic Sea ; before the digging of the Kiel Canal , water passage to the Baltic Sea was possible only through the three channels known as the '' Danish straits '' .
Hotcow is an experiential marketing agency based in Richmond , London , UK .
It is a community school , which takes children from the age of 11 through to the age of 18 .
Tauriac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Cairo ( ) is the capital of Egypt and the largest city in the Arab World .
Shortly thereafter , it was merged by the cold front , although the remnants persisted until July 23 when they were near the Azores .
It borders the Septentrional mountain range to the north ( which separates it from Laguna Salada ) .
He was educated at Woolverstone Hall School ; the University of Sussex , receiving his degree in English literature in 1970 ; and the University of East Anglia , where he was one of the first graduates of Malcolm Bradbury 's pioneering creative writing course .
Brucourt is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The film was released on May 19 2006 , and stars Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon , Audrey Tautou as Sophie Neveu , and Sir Ian McKellen as Leigh Teabing .
Solar noon is the moment when the sun appears the highest in the sky ( nearest zenith ) , compared to its positions during the rest of the day .
Valery Abisalovich Gergiev ( ; ; born 2 May 1953 ) is a Russian conductor and opera company director .
About 80 people live there and it has 4,34 km .
Gowrie is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Omega has been associated with James Bond movies since 1995 . That year , Pierce Brosnan took over the role of James Bond and began wearing the Omega Seamaster Quartz Professional ( model 2541.80.00 ) in the movie GoldenEye .
In 1984 , the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone .
An official language is a language that is given a special legal status in a particular country , state , or other jurisdiction .
The protein products of Hox genes are the Hox proteins .
In 2009 , it had a population of about 205,000 and it is the capital of the autonomous region Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Trieste province .
Retrieved 10 April 2010 .
Its name means the Great Bear in Latin .
Lemon juice is about 5 % to 6 % ( approximately 0.3 Molar ) citric acid , which gives lemons a sour taste , and a pH of 2 to 3 .
A clown on stilts comes to his rescue and puts him on his shoulders and they locating his parents .
This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Wirral at current basic prices published ( pp . 240 - 253 ) by Office for National Statistics with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling .
Izanagi followed her there and upon his return he washed himself , creating Amaterasu , Susanoo , and Tsukuyomi in the process .
For much of his life he taught at the Gnessin School of Music in Moscow , nurturing many talented young players .
Colleville-Montgomery is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It however lacks the distinctive hatchback acquired during its second generation .
Disk Management : Microsoft Technet The Windows 2000 Server family has additional features , Windows 2000 Server Family including the ability to provide Active Directory services ( a hierarchical framework of resources ) , Distributed File System ( a file system that supports sharing of files ) and fault-redundant storage volumes .
Zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers , normally through heavy subsidy or commercial sponsorship by businesses .
Throughout the region , storm warnings and advisories were issued .
Alan John Carpenter ( born 4 January 1957 ) is a former Australian politician .
A square ( geometry ) is a polygon with four equal sides and angles .
At many private schools , or more traditional state schools , ` school colors ' are awards presented for achievement in a subject or a sport - See Sporting Colours .
Chief Constable is the title given to the chief police officer of every territorial police force in the United Kingdom except for the City of London Police and the Metropolitan Police , as well as the chief officers of the British Transport Police , Ministry of Defence Police , Civil Nuclear Constabulary and Isle of Man Constabulary .
They persuaded Gustav Mahler to be principal conductor .
Hockey 's Book of Firsts , p. 13 , James Duplacey , JG Press , ISBN 978-1-57215-037-9 The Red Wings and Boston Bruins tied for the best overall record with 58 points apiece , but it was Boston that was awarded first overall due to a better head-to-head record .
Marya Roxx ( born Maarja Kivi on 18 January 1986 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is a hard rock\/metal singer\/songwriter residing in Los Angeles .
Points are awarded to drivers and teams exclusively on where they finish in a race .
Named as one of the main defendants following the indictments from Operation Old Bridge , he pleaded guilty to an extortion operation at Staten Island and was in August sentenced to two years in prison .
In 2002 , the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to Sydney Brenner , H. Robert Horvitz and John Sulston for their work on the genetics of organ development and programmed cell death in C. elegans .
England was more than self-sufficient in cereals , dairy products , beef and mutton .
Badmotorfinger : 1991 -- 1993 Bassist Ben Shepherd replaced previous bassist Jason Everman and the new line-up recorded Soundgarden 's third album in 1991 .
The National Flag must always be flown in a position superior to that of any other flag or ensign when flown in Australia or on Australian territory , and it should always be flown aloft and free .
Harding studied trumpet at Chetham 's School of Music and was a member of the National Youth Orchestra at age 13 .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
Following is a list of physicists who are notable for their achievements .
The aria , '' Sorrow has become my lot '' , is also augmented by basset horn .
They were married in Buenos Aires .
It is the second longest running number one on the Hot 100 of 2008 ( tied with '' Whatever You Like '' ) , with only Flo Rida 's '' Low '' topping the chart for longer .
As a pioneer of the American thrash metal movement , Megadeth rose to international fame in the 1980s and are ranked as one of the '' Big Four of Thrash '' , along with Metallica , Slayer , and Anthrax , who were responsible for creating , developing and popularizing the thrash metal sub-genre .
The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state , aristocracy and church .
Andrew Warhola ( August 6 , 1928 - February 22 , 1987 ) , known as Andy Warhol , was an American painter , printmaker , and filmmaker who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Before she can recover it , Penny grabs the bear and runs away .
Habitat and Diet Roborovski hamsters live in the wild around the Gobi Desert , throughout Mongolia 's desert steppe and parts of northern China .
The lowest average attendance at Portman Road was 8,741 in the club 's inaugural league season , the 1936 - 37 season in Division Three ( South ) .
Serches is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
; Water The water that is ejected from a geyser must travel underground through deep , pressurized fissures in the earth 's crust .
Pedro Virgilio Rocha Franchetti ( born 3 December 1942 in Salto ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played 52 games for the Uruguay national team between 1961 and 1974 rsssf : Uruguay record international footballers .
As Prime Minister , he also held the offices of First Lord of the Treasury and the Minister for the Civil Service .
He is famous for his Description of Greece ( ) , a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations , and is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
It is designated as one of nine official languages of Pakistan .
This Life (/O1996/O) ( TV )
Ferdowsi , the son of a wealthy land owner , was born in 940 in a small village named Paj near Tus in Khorasanin North East of Iran .
Alexander Peter '' Fats '' Delvecchio ( born December 4 , 1931 ) is a former ice hockey player and member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Shooting commenced in July 1960 , with most taking place in the hot Northern Nevada desert .
This includes the famous statistic of 10,000 people per day dying in Constantinople ( page 465 ) .
James Christopher Read ( born July 31 , 1953 ) is an American actor .
The northern part of the province is part of territory of South ( Iranian ) Talysh .
The Etruscan Shrew inhabits forests and brush areas between Southern Asia and Southern Europe .
Jerry O'Neil Lawler ( born November 29 , 1949 ) is an American professional wrestler , wrestling commentator , musician , businessman , commercial artist and film actor , known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry '' The King '' Lawler .
Forty-four proposals to amend the Constitution have been voted on at referendums , of which eight have been approved .
The Epistle of St. Paul the Apostle to the Romans is one of the letters of the New Testament canon of the Christian Bible .
Lauri Porra ( born December 13 , 1977 ) is a Finnish bassplayer best known for his work in Stratovarius and Sinergy .
Cole also said that Symantec had done '' extensive testing '' of its products with Windows XP SP3 , but this issue was not encountered .
On the grounds of the Speedway is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Hall of Fame Museum , which opened in 1956 , and the Brickyard Crossing Golf Resort , which originally opened as the Speedway Golf Course in 1929 .
He founded and led the Estado Novo ( New State ) , the authoritarian , right-wing government that presided over and controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
For this method of leavening to work well , it is useful to have flour that has been made of softer wheat .
Osteochondrodysplasia is believed to be caused by or linked to the dominant ( folded-ear ) gene .
Perhaps the largest church in the world , it is used for most of the chief religious ceremonies in which the Popes participate .
Scientists have suggested that this was another H. habilis , but this has not been confirmed .
Any rational number which can not be expressed as a finite decimal fraction has a unique infinite decimal expansion ending with recurring decimals .
Heavy rains from the depression 's remnant low left at least 75 people dead and six missing and forced a further 100,000 people from their homes across Central America .
Romanization may be employed to represent Ukrainian text or pronunciation for non-Ukrainian readers , on computer systems that can not reproduce Cyrillic characters , or for typists who are not familiar with the Ukrainian keyboard layout .
However , tantalum , iridium , osmium , titanium , rhodium and a few other metals are capable of withstanding chemical attack from it .
Her first starring film role was in Lady Jane which had mixed reviews .
The book itself won the Booker Prize for 1983 .
As of 2000 , the population was 77,415 .
Name The word quokka is derived from a Nyungar word , which was probably gwaga .
The film is about Scott Pilgrim ( Michael Cera ) , a young Canadian musician , meeting the girl of his dreams , Ramona Flowers ( Mary Elizabeth Winstead ) , an American delivery girl . In order to win Ramona , Scott learns that he must defeat Ramona 's '' seven evil exes '' , who are coming to kill him .
The name originated from the surname of its early owner Jan z Konina ( Jan Koni ski , John of Konin ) , and the toponym Wola - a type of a village .
In the episode , Lisa enters in an essay contest to write an essay about America 's greatness .
It contains a total of 29 riders , 9 physiotherapists or nurses , 9 mechanics and service persons , and has 22 partners .
Realizing the need for vocal political support in the states , he formed connections with like-minded nationalists and used his network of treasury agents to link together friends of the government , especially merchants and bankers , in the new nation 's dozen major cities .
The album features remix versions with Da Brat , Mase , Fat Joe , Big Pun , Darkchild , DJ Premier and various other artists and producers .
Woodward County was originally known as '' N '' County and was composed of present day Woodward County and portions of Harper , Ellis , and Woods County .
Pears was co-librettist for A Midsummer Night 's Dream , and created one of his few comic roles in it : As Flute the Bellows-mender he performed a drag parody of Joan Sutherland in the mad scene of Lucia di Lammermoor .
Regardless , they are often blamed for oddities in nature , such as strangely large or weird stones .
This was a second marriage for both Rowling and Murray , as Murray had previously been married to Dr. Fiona Duncan in 1996 .
During his club career he played for Hessen Kassel .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Banks Island ( ) is situated in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 14 ' 0N 72 1 ' 0E and has an altitude of 298m ( 980 feet ) .
Most British literature is in the English language .
Eleventh Grade is the eleventh , and for some countries final , grade of secondary schools .
Champagne-en-Valromey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
One of Kingdom Records ' first releases was the 1972 Mojo Hannah single '' Six Days on the Road '' .
William Ray Norwood Jr. ( born January 17 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and actor .
The league was officially renamed the National Women 's Hockey League on Feb. 16 , 1999 with Al Dawson as the league 's first president .
while the original has not been accepted as an open source license and , although it is considered to be a free software license by the FSF , it does not consider it to be compatible with the GPL .
Merelbeke is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
Morley lived for a time in the same parish as Shakespeare , and a connection between the two has been long speculated , though never proven .
It was transferred to the Jubilee line on May 1 , 1979 .
Luke Martin McCormick ( born 15 August 1983 in Coventry , West Midlands ) is a former English football goalkeeper .
Marcus Nathan Bent ( born 19 May 1978 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker .
By convention he is located in the east of the Diamond Realm and is the lord of the Eastern Pure Land Abhirati ( ` The Joyous ' ) , although the Pure Land of Akshobhya 's western counterpart Amitabha is far better known .
He was in Germany at the start of World War I and was interned in Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin .
Tomsk State University is the oldest university in Siberia ( founded in 1878 , opened in 1888 ) .
The Cathedral Prep Events Center is an outdoor muilti-purpose stadium in Erie , Pennsylvania .
In 1990 , Vengerov and his family formally emigrated to Israel , where his father continued his profession as an orchestral oboist .
Usually the sun ( or moon for nocturnal species ) is the only light source and flying that way will result in a practically straight line .
It was first published in 1881 in Canada before its 1882 publication in the United States .
The female form is Edle .
( , from chupar '' to suck '' and cabra '' goat '' , literally '' goat sucker '' ) , is a legendary cryptid rumored to inhabit parts of the Americas .
Headsets typically have only one speaker like a telephone , but also come with speakers for both ears .
The bushland around Mansfield is used for horse riding , trail biking and four wheel driving on the many tracks throughout the region .
The birthstone of April is the diamond , and the birth flower is typically listed as either the Daisy or the Sweet Pea .
Their debut album CexCells was released on August 14 , 2007 and reached # 18 on the Billboard 200 .
Myfanwy Piper wrote the English libretto .
Sainte-Gemme is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
On November 2 , 1984 , UNESCO declared The Royal Site of San Lorenzo of El Escorial a World Heritage Site . It is an extremely popular tourist attraction , often visited by day-trippers from Madrid - more than 500,000 visitors come to El Escorial every year .
The energy spectrum of a system with such discrete energy levels is said to be quantized .
On April 26 , 1986 , Schwarzenegger married television journalist Maria Shriver , niece of President John F. Kennedy , in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
The Canadian Arctic Archipelago , also known as the Arctic Archipelago , is a Canadian archipelago north of the Canadian mainland in the Arctic .
It was bounded by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Delitzsch , the district-free city Leipzig , Muldentalkreis , Mittweida , the district Altenburger Land in Thuringia , and the districts Burgenlandkreis , Saalekreis in Saxony-Anhalt .
Family detective - Telegraph He was educated at the City of London School , and in April 1941 was admitted to St. John 's College , Oxford , where he read English .
His work is often cited as the basis and motive for contemporary patriots and national activists . It has been translated into various Slavic , as well as non-Slavic languages .
Catalan legend states that during the battle , the corpus suddenly and miraculously shifted to the right to avoid being hit by a cannonball , a miraculous sign from God that the Ottomans would be defeated .
The county was named for the Delaware Indians resettled in what was then Indian Territory in the 1830s .
Trio ( Stargate Atlantis ) , an episode of the television series Stargate Atlantis
Its of coastline has one anchorage known as West Lagoon .
The Forbidden City was declared a World Heritage Site in 1987 by UNESCO as the '' Imperial Palace of the Ming and Qing Dynasties '' , The Forbidden City was listed as the '' Imperial Palace of the Ming and Qing Dynasties '' ( Official Document ) .
Moss has been a supporter of the Breakthrough Breast Cancer charity , and in the 1990s featured in one of their target T-shirt campaigns .
Awards Raffles Institution was awarded the School Excellence Award in 2004 , the top MOE award .
Fernando Ruiz Hierro ( ; born March 23 , 1968 ) is a former Spanish footballer .
A lustrous , silvery gray , tetravalent transition metal , hafnium chemically resembles zirconium and is found in zirconium minerals .
They married around 1808 , and according to court records , they had nine children together : Linah , born in 1808 , Mariah Ritty in 1811 , Soph in 1813 , Robert in 1816 , Minty ( Harriet ) in 1822 , Ben in 1823 , Rachel in 1825 , Henry in 1830 , and Moses in 1832 .
Israel is the world 's only predominantly Jewish state , with a population estimated in May 2010 to be 7,602,400 people , of whom 6,051,000 are Jews .
Events By Place Roman Empire October 28 -- Battle of Milvian Bridge : Constantine I defeats Maxentius and becomes the only Roman Emperor in the West .
Zentyal ( formerly eBox Platform ) is an open source unified network server software package ( or an Unified Network Platform ) for SMEs .
The territory of a union council or village council is usually part of a tehsil , ( a tehsil is a district subdivision ) .
Alphabetical List of Plant Families with Insecticidal and Fungicidal Properties
Wilmington is a city in Will County , Illinois , United States .
In these volumes , Darwin coined many of the English names of plants that we use today .
Avon , Maine
On the way , Christian and Hopeful meet a lad named Ignorance , who has the vain hope of entering the Celestial City even though he believes in work 's righteousness .
They primarily consist of realistic images of large animals , most of which are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time .
While under interrogation Rudolf Hoess , commandant of Auschwitz concentration camp from 1940 to 1943 , Wikipedia : Rudolf Hoess said that Adolf Eichmann told him that two and a half million Jews had been killed in gas chambers and about half a million died '' naturally '' .
Legislation can have many purposes : to regulate , to authorize , to proscribe , to provide ( funds ) , to sanction , to grant , to declare or to restrict .
Monte Carasso is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Krumbach was a district in Swabia in the southwest of Bavaria , Germany , before the regional reorganization in 1972 .
Norwood also worked with The Neptunes , Rodney Jerkins and Lil ' Kim , and several other producers and singers for his second studio album This Ai n't A Game .
In 2004 he was appointed Finance Spokesman for National and eventually succeeded Don Brash as the National Party leader in 2006 .
All services are operated by V\/Line , with the exception of the Stony Point line operated by Metro using railcars leased from V\/Line Passenger .
The goal of the Odyssey staff was to create a '' values based '' radio show with production values comparable with or surpassing those of most mainstream audio dramas .
What she wants , it seems , is Cherubino 's hand in marriage .
Avegno was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
There are composers however who , in writing a piece in D minor with B-flat clarinets , will have them change to clarinets in A if the music switches to D major .
GREHN-veel ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Saint-Vivien-de-Monségur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
Nonetheless , the Vampire Squid is able to live and breathe normally in the OMZ at oxygen saturations as low as 3 % ; a feat no other cephalopod , and few other animals , can claim .
Information from Azmi Bishara Knesset Profile in English , Hebrew and Arabic is an Israeli Arab Christian politician .
Manuel Almunia Rivero ( born 19 May 1977 ) is a professional ( association football ) .
Stian Aarstad returned for the recording of 1997 's Enthrone Darkness Triumphant .
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
He studied the violin at the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music , while managing to graduate from Bloomington High School North in 1984 , In 1989 , Bell received an Artist Diploma in Violin Performance from Indiana University .
Galecki secretly dated his ` The Big Bang Theory ' costar Kaley Cuoco for two years , Cuoco revealed to CBS Watch Magazine .
Marke is heart-broken , not only because of his adopted son Tristan 's betrayal but also because Marke , too , has come to love Isolde .
On the morning of 12 March , the 8th Army of the German Wehrmacht crossed the German- Austrian border .
A bed is a large piece of furniture ( or a location ) used as a place to sleep , and as a primary place for relaxation .
On 8 March 2004 , Yudhoyono sent a letter asking for permission to meet the president about his ministerial authority . Megawati did not respond when she received the letter , although she invited Yudhoyono along to a cabinet meeting on 11 March 2004 .
Most of the articles can be edited by anyone with access to the Internet , simply by clicking the edit this page link .
The University of Bonn has 525 professors and 27,800 students .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
However , the technique of crotching , or freezing two balls into the corner where the rails meet- the crotch- vastly increasing counts , resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be driven away .
Smith did not meet Pocahontas , but wrote to Queen Anne , the wife of King James , urging that Pocahontas be treated with respect as a royal visitor .
Featuring most of the original cast from the mini-series , Edward James Olmos returns as Commander William Adama and Mary McDonnell as President Laura Roslin .
Monroe and Miller befriended Montand and his wife , actress Simone Signoret , and filming progressed well until Miller was required to travel to Europe on business .
To grow well , sunflowers need full sun .
Ellington played throughout the Washington , D.C. area and into Virginia for private society balls and embassy parties .
It is commonly referred to in historical literature as '' la fée verte '' ( the Green Fairy ) .
History The motto E Pluribus Unum ( '' out of many , one '' ) was approved for use on the Great Seal of the United States in 1782 .
The statistical analysis of war was pioneered by Lewis Fry Richardson following World War I . More recent databases of wars and armed conflict have been assembled by the Correlates of War Project , Peter Brecke and the Uppsala Department of Peace and Conflict Research .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum p is placeholder text ( filler text ) commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
For highways in Austria , Germany and Switzerland the word Autobahn is used .
Music of the Sun is the debut album of Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released August 26 , 2005 on Def Jam Recordings .
Other misattributions , according to their official website , include '' Cows With Guns '' by Dana Lyons and '' Wayne Gretzky Rocks '' by TPOH .
Muslims further believe that the Qur ' an was memorized , recited and written down by Muhammad 's companions after every revelation dictated by Muhammad .
Year 1393 ( MCCCXCIII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
A record-breaking attendance for the Reliant Astrodome of 67,925 resulted in gross receipts of $ 3.5 million .
Author and critic Leslie Stephen described a mania that started to develop for Austen in the 1880s as '' Austenolatry '' - it was only after the publication of the Memoir that readers developed a personal connection with Austen .
Built around the Mississippi , Minnesota and St. Croix rivers , the area is also nicknamed the Twin Cities for its two largest cities , Minneapolis and Saint Paul , the former the larger and the latter the state capital .
Pausanias , Guide to Greece , 4.32.1 His iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
Now I think we should keep that in front of us as our ideal and you will find that in course of time Hindus would cease to be Hindus and Muslims would cease to be Muslims , not in the religious sense , because that is the personal faith of each individual , but in the political sense as citizens of the State .
Members of Cayce 's organization , the Association for Research and Enlightenment ( A.R.E. ) exist worldwide and Edgar Cayce Centers are found in more than 35 countries .
Eupeodes lapponicus is a common European species of hoverfly .
The Grito de Dolores ( '' Cry of Dolores '' ) also known as El Grito de la Independencia ( '' Cry of Independence '' ) , uttered from the small town of Dolores , near Guanajuato on September 16 , 1810 is the event that marks the beginning of the Mexican War of Independence and is the most important national holiday observed in Mexico .
Around that time he became involved with Kate Allen , now director of Amnesty International in the UK , but the couple separated in November 2001 .
In Hindu scriptures , the lord of death is called Yama , or Yamaraj ( literally '' the lord of death '' ) .
Of particular importance are practices concerning the preservation , archival , destruction and management of documents .
is a province in the Molise region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Campobasso .
It was discovered in March 2000 by Ignacio Ferrin and announced on 24 October 2000 .
They can be divided into :
Daniel Alberto Passarella
Vinton 's official newspaper is the Vinton Messenger , although it is operated from Salem and not actually based in the town of Vinton .
The first division of the protists from other organisms came in the 1830s , when the German biologist Georg A. Goldfuss introduced the word protozoa to refer to organisms such as ciliates and corals .
The station has also been designated as the UK 's national broadcaster in times of national emergency such as a war : if all other radio stations were forced to close , Radio 4 would still carry on broadcasting .
Otters are playful animals and appear to engage in various behaviors for sheer enjoyment .
The Knight motor , developed by Charles Yale Knight in the United States , used double sleeve valves and ran almost silently .
As with radio in general , the birth of amateur radio was strongly associated with various amateur experimenters and hobbyists .
Although lemurs often are confused with ancestral primates , the anthropoid primates ( monkeys , apes , and humans ) did not evolve from them ; instead , lemurs merely share morphological and behavioral traits with basal primates .
March 22 -- The ship Waeckende Boey is wrecked on the coast of Java ; the 4 survivors walk overland to Jepara .
Born Julia Boggs Dent at White Haven plantation west of St. Louis , Missouri , the daughter of Colonel Frederick Dent , a slaveholding planter and merchant , and Ellen Wrenshall-Dent , Julia was rather plain in appearance and squinted through crossed eyes .
The attacking Mongols broke some dikes and flooded the ground behind the caliph 's army , trapping it .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Most of the rest is due to land-use change , particularly deforestation .
In 1683 , after the Battle of Penghu , Zheng Keshuang gave in to Qing demand of surrender , and his kingdom was incorporated into the Qing Dynasty as part of the Fujian Province .
Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Coldplay , released on 11 June 2008 on Parlophone .
A separate scale is used for jazz , classical , and world music albums : sales exceeding 10,000 and 20,000 for Gold and Platinum awards respectively .
D. B. Cooper is the name attributed to a man who hijacked a Boeing 727 aircraft in the United States on 24 November 1971 , received US $ 200,000 Adjusted for inflation , $ 200,000 in 1971 has the buying power of over $ 1,000,000 in 2008 .
Adel Fadel Abbas Tamano ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is a Filipino lawyer and politician .
Roman Catholics , Anglicans , Eastern Christians , and traditional Protestant communities frame worship around a liturgical calendar .
The Storm Prediction Center is part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction ( NCEP ) , operating under the control of the National Weather Service ( NWS ) , which in turn is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) of the United States Department of Commerce ( DoC ) .
Lester Russel Brown ( born March 28 , 1934 in Bridgeton , New Jersey ) is an American environmentalist , founder of the Worldwatch Institute , and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute , a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , D.C. BBC Radio commentator Peter Day calls him '' one of the great pioneer environmentalists . ''
The crust is underlain by the mantle .
Plomion is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) is an amateur Irish and international cultural and sporting organization focused primarily on promoting Gaelic games , which include the traditional Irish sports of hurling , camogie , Gaelic football , handball and rounders .
U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
ISBN 0486228517 -- still in print in paperback .
Le Reculey is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Today , this term also refers to the doctrines and practices of the Reformed churches of which Calvin was an early leader .
Also commanded many of the Einsatzgruppen and several concentration camps .
From the twelfth century the Armenian Khachen principality dominated the region .
There are altogether 111 such lessons in the latest revised American Prayer Book Lectionary books used are : II Esdras , Tobit , Wisdom , Ecclesiasticus , Baruch , Three Holy Children , and I Maccabees . ''
Damien was given '' special thanks '' in the end credits of the Academy Award winning 2007 Irish musical film Once .
The Allies failed to detect the German plan to attack .
'' Calendar & ndash ; Portugal & ndash ; 1294 '' ( Julian calendar ) ,
Many books have been released as tie-ins , including The Official Guide to the Xenaverse by Robert Weisbrot . This includes a detailed episode guide for the first two seasons , a look behind the scenes , the story of the origin of the show , biographies of cast and crew , and trivia about the show .
Jack William Nicklaus ( born January 21 , 1940 ) , also known as '' The Golden Bear '' , is an American professional golfer .
The Metropolitan borough of Bury is a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester , in the northwest of England .
The State Library of Victoria is the central library of the state of Victoria , Australia , located in Melbourne .
Bubonic plague was often used synonymously for plague , but it does in fact refer specifically to an infection that enters through the skin and travels through the lymphatics , as is often seen in flea-borne infections .
Athena wove the scene of her victory over Poseidon that had inspired the people of Athens to name their city for her .
Air Marshal William Avery '' Billy '' Bishop VC , CB , DSO & Bar , MC , DFC , ED ( 8 February 1894 -- 11 September 1956 ) was a Canadian First World War flying ace , officially credited with 72 victories , making him the top Canadian ace , and according to some sources , the top ace of the British Empire .
The visible-wavelength ( 0.435 -0.925 micrometre ) spectra data was gathered between August 1993 and March 1999 .
is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
A refrigerant is pumped into the evaporator coil , located in the compartment to be cooled , where the low pressure causes the refrigerant to evaporate into a vapor , taking heat with it .
However , the wider Falkirk area , which includes nearby towns such as Grangemouth , Larbert and Stenhousemuir , has a population of 97,180 , making it the 5th largest urban area in Scotland , after Glasgow , Edinburgh , Aberdeen and Dundee .
VCs of the First World War : Gallipoli , p. 116 His family moved to Wedderburn , Victoria when he was five years old , where he attended the local school before working with his father as a haulage contractor .
The municipality comprises the towns of Kaprijke proper and Lembeke .
Meagan Good as Prudence Roanoke
Between 1842 and 1863 he traveled to Germany , England , Austria , Russia and elsewhere , w3 .
Magny-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 2008 , the European Ka was replaced with a model developed and produced for Ford by Fiat S.p.A in conjunction with Fiat 's own 500 vehicle . The car is built in Fiat 's Tychy , Poland factory alongside the Fiat 500 .
The Travelcard season ticket for unlimited travel on London Buses and the London Underground was launched on 22 May 1983 by London Transport .
'' China '' , Online Etymology DictionaryWood , Francis , Did Marco Polo go to China (/O1995/O) , p. 61 .
James Bond 007 is a fictional character created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming , who featured him in twelve novels and two short story collections .
There is also a small population of Native Americans who still speak their native languages , but these populations are decreasing , and the languages are almost never widely used outside of reservations .
The domestic station broadcasts from 06:00 to 19:00 each day on Freeview ( where it shares bandwidth with BBC Four , broadcast after 19:00 ) , cable , IPTV and digital satellite .
Cottage pie refers to a British or Irish meat pie made with beef mince and with a crust made from mashed potato .
Matthias Sammer ( born September 5 , 1967 in Dresden ) is a retired German football player and coach who is now working as technical director of the DFB ( German Football Association ) .
In 1774 Phillip joined the Portuguese Navy as a captain , serving in the War against Spain .
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( it has since dropped to seventh ) .
During the 17th and 18th centuries , France colonized much of North America ; during the 19th and early 20th centuries , France built the second largest empire of the time , including large portions of North , West and Central Africa , Southeast Asia , and many Pacific islands .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check Point .
The film was scheduled for a May 2009 release , but the release date was moved to March 27 , 2009 .
In the third season , the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island .
As of autumn 1916 , he was taken to a Turkish military hospital and he moved to Paris in 1919 where he died in a psychiatric clinic Villejuif in 1935 .
For the rest of the country , the rain season is from May to November .
Mary was the fifth child of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York , and the youngest to survive infancy .
until then champion Brock Lesnar took the title to SmackDown ! .
It is also useful in agriculture and horticulture because the adult stages of many predatory insects , as well as hummingbirds and butterflies , feed on nectar .
The edible dormouse or fat dormouse ( Glis glis ) is a small dormouse and the only species in the genus Glis .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
Absinthe ( ) is historically described as a distilled , highly alcoholic ( 45 -- 74 % ABV ) beverage .
The word Velcro is a portmanteau of the two French words velors and crochet , or '' hook '' .
There are many different types of grinding mills and many types of materials processed in them .
Briolette Kah Bic Runga MNZM ( born 13 January 1976 ) is a New Zealand Pop recording artist whose first solo album , Drive , debuted at number one in the New Zealand RIANZ charts .
Right-handed individuals will perform everyday tasks such as writing , cooking and carrying out one 's personal hygiene with the right hand .
The GNU operating system uses GNU GRUB as its boot loader , as do most Linux distributions .
The Quenta Noldorinwa was the last version of The Silmarillion that Tolkien completed .
The Weather Channel .
Open proxies should generally be reported to the WikiProject on open proxies and blocked for the length of time they are likely to remain open on the same IP address , which in most cases is likely to be only a few months .
Bruce George Gamble ( May 24 , 1938 -- December 30 , 1982 ) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 season in the NHL between 1962 and 1972 , with some years in the minor leagues in between .
Originally , in continental Europe , a county ( contea or contado , comté , comtat , condado , Grafschaft , Gau ) was the land under the jurisdiction of a count ( conte , comte , conde , Graf ) .
Familiar kinds of numbers include natural numbers , integers , rational numbers , real numbers , and complex numbers .
February 26 - Annular solar eclipse will be visible from parts of South America and Africa .
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar . Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk .
A history of exposure to drugs such as cocaine , methamphetamine , alcohol leading to cirrhosis , and tobacco leading to emphysema are considered significant .
The band 's eponymous debut album was released on July 29 , 2008 .
The brighter star of a visual binary is the primary star , and the dimmer is considered the secondary .
There is , at present , no official system of promotion and relegation between any of the three leagues .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
The '' East Beach Café '' is a building on Littlehampton Sea Front , West Sussex , UK created by Heatherwick .
Guerrero won the ECW World Television Championship from 2 Cold Scorpio on his debut in ECW , and went on to have a series of acclaimed matches with Dean Malenko before they both signed with World Championship Wrestling later that year .
The official beginning of the season was on June 1 , 2003 , though Subtropical Storm Ana formed on April 20 , well before the start to the season . When Ana transitioned into a tropical cyclone the next day , it became the first Atlantic tropical storm on record in the month of April .
He married the former Miss Kofo Moore , who obtained a BA at Oxford and was daughter of the late Eric Moore , first Lagos member of the United nations committee of experts advising on labor conventions and regulations .
Aqua regia ( Latin : royal water ) or aqua regis is a highly corrosive , fuming yellow or red solution , also called nitro-hydrochloric acid .
The Toyota MR2 is a two-seat , mid-engined , rear wheel drive sports car produced by Central Motors , a part of Toyota , from 1984 until July 2007 when production stopped in Japan .
Compared to her father , her work emphasized the importance of the ego and its ability to be trained socially .
Today one difference between Bulgarian dialects in the country and literary spoken Bulgarian is the significant presence of Old Bulgarian words and even word forms in the latter .
In late April 2010 , the family moved to Foxrock , Dublin .
Yoshiyuki Kobayashi is a Japanese football player who plays for Albirex Niigata .
Licensed to Jackson , Kentucky , United States , the station is currently owned by Intermountain Broadcasting Co. , Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
Roger David Kornberg ( born ) is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
It was during his time at Oxford that Boyle was a Chevalier . The Chevaliers are thought to have been established by royal order a few years before Boyle 's time at Oxford .
Grentheville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Emmaus Nicopolis ( lit .
It has been situated in the Silesian Voivodeship ( administrative division ) since 1999 , and was previously the capital of Cz stochowa Voivodeship ( 1975 -- 1998 ) .
Giovanni Silva de Oliveira ( born February 4 , 1972 in Abaetetuba ) , better known as Giovanni , is a football player from Brazil .
Known in Italy as il Beato Angelico , he was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole ( Brother John from Fiesole ) .
The 2007 Goal of the Year was won by Matthew Lloyd of the Essendon Football Club .
Sean Maher recalls reading for the part and liking the character of Simon Tam , but that it was Whedon 's personality and vision that '' sealed the deal '' for him .
Kornberg was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
Tropical Storm Zeta weakened slightly on January 2 , before intensifying further to its peak strength with 65 mph ( 100 km/h ) winds .
It has rebranded most of the subsidiaries it has acquired to Santander .
One of them wins and the loser walks away .
Left-handedness is the preference for the left hand over the right for everyday activities such as writing .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Lotus is a genus that includes bird 's - foot trefoils and deervetches and contains many dozens of species distributed world-wide .
June 6 & ndash ; William Donn de Burgh , 3rd Earl of Ulster is murdered and the Burke Civil War begins in Ireland .
These different , discrete versions of the same gene are called alleles .
Adolf S. Waley , The Re-making of China , New York : EP Dutton and Company , 1914 .
Main rail junctions in the state include Chennai , Coimbatore , Madurai , Tiruchirapalli ( Trichy ) and Salem .
Audembert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
April 7 , 1995 : LW Gaetan Duchesne traded from San Jose to Florida for Florida 's sixth round pick in 1995 Entry Draft .
The Barbary Falcon ( Falco pelegrinoides ) is a medium-sized falcon about the size of a crow .
His political career developed during the presidency of Anwar El Sadat .
In the United Kingdom '' yoghurt '' and '' yogurt '' are both current , '' yogurt '' being more common on product labels , and '' yoghourt '' is an uncommon alternative .
On 1 May 1707 , under the Acts of Union 1707 , England and Scotland were united as a single sovereign state , the Kingdom of Great Britain .
In general , hemoglobin can be saturated with oxygen molecules ( oxyhemoglobin ) , or desaturated with oxygen molecules ( deoxyhemoglobin ) .
Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
The body of the brush can be made from either bamboo , or rarer materials such as red sandalwood , glass , ivory , silver , and gold .
FutureSex/LoveSounds is the second studio album by American pop and R&B singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake , released September 12 , 2006 on Jive Records .
Currently the Tundra is assembled in San Antonio , Texas where production was consolidated in 2008 .
The band was contracted to Epic Records after playing many Chicago clubs .
Middle Franconia is one of the three administrative regions of Franconia in Bavaria , Germany .
An extremophile ( from Latin meaning '' extreme '' and Greek ( ) meaning '' love '' ) is an organism that thrives in and may even require physically or geochemically extreme conditions that are detrimental to the majority of life on Earth .
Clinton became a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , after being inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic .
They mostly live hidden in the ground , which makes them one of the least known orders of amphibians .
Lopevi lost the first challenge mainly due to Chris , however , the older men of the tribe conspired into an alliance and worked to vote off one of the younger men , Brook .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
Track listing All songs written by Tool unless otherwise noted .
'' 03 Bonnie & Clyde '' is a song by Jay-Z featuring R&B singer Beyoncé .
This reaction is important in the erosion of carbonate rocks , forming caverns , and leads to hard water in many regions .
MkLinux A legacy distribution for PowerPC systems that runs the Linux kernel as a server on top of the Mach microkernel .
Sergei Rachmaninoff was the soloist , and for the occasion Vaughan Williams wrote his Serenade to Music for orchestra and sixteen soloists .
She is a fellow and president of the board of the Transnational Institute in Amsterdam .
the vapor pressure of an ideal solution is dependent on the vapor pressure of each chemical component and the mole fraction of the component present in the solution .
Beneath the mantle , an extremely low viscosity liquid outer core lies above a solid inner core .
Some beetle larvae resemble hardened worms with dark head capsules and minute legs . These are elateriform larvae , and are found in the click beetle ( Elateridae ) and darkling beetle ( Tenebrionidae ) families .
The birds were also kept as pets and could be bred easily in captivity .
Hiroshi Ninomiya ( born February 13 , 1937 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
All of these are Christian religious broadcasters , but Specialized English is not used for religious preaching programs .
August 18 - John White , the governor of the Colony of Roanoke , returned from a supply trip to England , and he found his settlement deserted .
In anatomy , a septum ( Latin for something that encloses ; plural septa ) is a wall , dividing a cavity or structure into smaller ones .
The severity of seasonal change -- the average temperature difference between summer and winter in location -- will also change over time because the Earth 's axial tilt fluctuates between 22.1 and 24.5 degrees .
Although Arabs captured the capital city of Tbilisi in AD 645 , Kartli-Iberia retained considerable independence under local Arab rulers .
It became one of Scotland 's five World Heritage Sites in 1986 and is one of the few in the world to hold joint status for its natural and cultural qualities .
The Mongolian language ( in Mongolian script : , ' ; in Mongolian Cyrillic : , ' ) is the official language of Mongolia and the best-known member of the Mongolic language family . It may have about 5.2 million speakers , including the vast majority of the residents of Mongolia and many of the Mongolian residents of the Inner Mongolia autonomous region of China .
Many objects with sponge-like textures are now made of substances not derived from poriferans .
It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures , and was released on November 7 , 2008 .
Lantages is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Background The white population in Punjab in 1919 feared a plot to overthrow British rule .
Shun Hing Square ( Chinese : \/O/ ) is a 384m ( 1,260 ft ) tall skyscraper in Shenzhen , China .
The shepherd fish seems to avoid the larger , stinging tentacles , but feeds on the smaller tentacles beneath the gas bladder .
Gnathostomata ( ) is the group of vertebrates with jaws .
It is bordered on the north and east by the state of New York , on the southeast and south by the Atlantic Ocean , on the west by Pennsylvania and on the southwest by Delaware .
Economy Banjul is the main urban area of The Gambia and is the country 's economic and administrative centre including the Central Bank of The Gambia .
Hudson is a city in Black Hawk County , Iowa , United States .
Itapema is a city in Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Bonnemaison is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
As of 2007 , the municipality had a population of 3435 .
The Persian reliefs that depicted the important historical events ; and the Greek axons and the Roman Albums , with their decorative designs and announcements , were quite similar to today 's posters .
Oneness Pentecostalism can be compared to Sabellianism as both are Nontrinitarian , but they do not correctly identify each other .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
Subsequently , on January 3 , 1901 Pastor E.T. Carter proposed a new building , and the first service was held on April 14 , 1901 .
A cart is a vehicle or device designed for transport , using two wheels and normally pulled by one or a pair of draught animals .
In the past , some systems have implemented floating point via a coprocessor rather than as an integrated unit ; in the microcomputer era , this was generally a single integrated circuit , while in older systems it could be an entire circuit board or a cabinet .
The MRT system had relied on its two main lines , namely the North South Line and East West Line , for more than a decade until the opening of the North East Line in 2003 .
Official web-page / / / President of the Republic of Abkhazia .
Council may refer to :
English art historian Douglas Cooper describes three phases of Cubism in his seminal book , The Cubist Epoch .
Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Local administration of the district today is overseen by a Stewartry Area Manager , based in the county town of Kirkcudbright .
The Book of Mormon is a sacred text of the Latter Day Saint movement .
March & ndash ; The Synod of Jerusalem brings together bishops and representatives from the whole of Eastern Orthodox Christendom to discuss Orthodox dogma against the challenge of Protestantism .
Arthur Conan Doyle lived on Tennison Road in South Norwood , from 1891 to 1894 , but , contrary to popular belief , did not use the area as the setting for the Sherlock Holmes story The Adventure of the Norwood Builder .
Origins England and Wales In England and Wales and in Ireland , the lord lieutenant was the principal officer of his county .
Marquette is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Marquette County .
The Western Bloc during the Cold War refers to the powers allied with the United States and NATO against the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact .
A subtropical cyclone is a weather system that has some characteristics of a tropical and an extratropical cyclone .
As of 2007 , the United States Census Bureau estimated the population of the city to be 12,846 '' American FactFinder '' .
In most cases , rainfall is the only effect that these cyclones have on California .
Kim set world records for the free skate and the overall score under the ISU Judging System at the competition .
Working as a performer since he was a small child , he was a superstar as a teenager for the films in which he played Andy Hardy , and he has had one of the longest careers of any actor .
Benoit 's father suggests that brain damage may have been the leading cause of the crime .
In the Pescara Grand Prix formed a round of the Formula One World Championship , a race which still holds the record as having the longest circuit length ever used for a Championship event .
The other primary match on the undercard was a Chain match between Kane and Triple H for the WWF Intercontinental Championship , which Kane won to win the championship .
The host city of the Games will be announced at the 121st IOC Session ( which will also be the 13th Olympic Congress ) to be held in Copenhagen , Denmark , on 2 October 2009 .
The album was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year , and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for '' Jesus Walks '' in 2005 .
'' On the day when We ( Allah ) will roll up the sky ( space ) like the rolling up of the scroll for writings , as We ( Allah ) originated the first creation , ( so ) We ( Allah ) shall reproduce it ; a promise ( binding on Us ) ; surely We will bring it about . ''
Vol .
He also appeared in These Girls , a Canadian film in which he played a biker ; the film received a limited theatrical release in Canada in March 2006 , after premiering at the Toronto Film Festival and the Vancouver International Film Festival .
The capital is the city of Belo Horizonte , located near the central area .
For many uses the different cultivars are interchangeable .
The Icelandic Commonwealth enters into a treaty establishing a union with Norway and acknowledges Norwegian King Haakon IV as its ruler .
Vettel passed the second safety car line before the safety car exited the pits while Hamilton just missed making the line by about 0.5 s. Hamilton passed the safety car after the second safety car line instead of decelerating to follow the safety car .
Dorothea Lange ( May 26 , 1895 - October 11 , 1965 ) was an influential American documentary photographer and photojournalist , best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration ( FSA ) .
Frankfurt was one of the most important cities in the following Holy Roman Empire .
During the occupation of Moldavia , Josias met Therese Stroffeck , a commoner .
Medal of Honor citation Citation : For distinguished conduct in battle , engagements of Vera Cruz , 21 and 22 April 1914 .
The city surrendered to British forces under Frederick Roberts on 5 June 1900 and the conflict was ended in Pretoria with the signing of the Peace of Vereeniging on 31 May 1902 .
'' Young nicknamed her '' Lady Day '' , and she , in turn , dubbed him '' Prez '' .
He quickly became the most successful publisher in Germany , eventually owning twenty-four printing-presses and having many offices in Germany and abroad .
Mochitsuki Mochitsuki ` hi ' is the traditional mochi-pounding ceremony in Japan .
Streicher joined the German Army in 1914 .
The park is divided in two by the Serpentine .
The 1980 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in February 13 through February 24 , 1980 in Lake Placid , New York , United States of America .
The Prince and the Pauper is an English-language novel by American author Mark Twain . It was first published in 1881 in Canada before its 1882 publication in the United States .
Velir were mostly hill chieftains , while Kilar were the headmen of settlements ... ' -- During the third century BCE , the Deccan was part of the Mauryan kingdom , and from the middle of the first century BCE to second century CE the same area was ruled by the Satavahana dynasty .
The Jumeirah Emirates Hotel Tower , also known as 'Em irates Tower Two ' is a 56-floor hotel in the city of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
A planned Mercedes collaboration with Sauber to enter their own Formula One team was shelved , although behind closed doors Mercedes continued to fund Sauber 's Formula One project .
For the best-known species in this group , see Resplendent Quetzal .
Dubai Internet City , combined with Dubai Media City as part of TECOM ( Dubai Technology , Electronic Commerce and Media Free Zone Authority ) is one such enclave whose members include IT firms such as EMC Corporation , Oracle Corporation , Microsoft , and IBM , and media organizations such as MBC , CNN , BBC , Reuters , Sky News and AP .
Because of the proximity of this star , its angular diameter can be measured directly , yielding a diameter one-seventh that of the Sun .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
Types of tree lines There are several types of tree lines defined in ecology and geology : Alpine tree line The highest elevation that sustains trees ; higher up , it is too cold or snow cover persists for too much of the year , to sustain trees .
The Yowa era , marked by famine , ends in Japan .
Albert Alexander '' Ox '' Wistert ( born December 28 , 1920 ) is a former All-Pro American football offensive tackle in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Kilmarnock has 1 college and 17 schools ( 13 primary and 4 secondary ) .
Page 44 : '' Lucy Lawless , star of Xena : Warrior Princess , which aired from 1995-2001 , has given her signature costume to the Museum of American History .
Murrurundi , which is 193 km by road from Newcastle and 309 km from Sydney , has a population of 2,162 people ( ABS 2006 ) .
Transient charges exist in covalent bonds of molecules and are referred to as van der Waals forces .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
Also , meats and vegetables prepared in this way are described as '' roasted '' , e.g. , roasted chicken or roasted squash .
It is the first post-season storm since Tropical Storm Zeta in the 2005 season , making the 2007 season one of the few with activity both before and after the official bounds of the hurricane season .
The city of Doha also held the 2006 Asian Games , which was the largest Asian Games ever held .
Its diet consists of about two-thirds bamboo , but they also eat berries , fruit , mushrooms , roots , acorns , lichen , grasses , and they are known to supplement their diet with young birds , fish , eggs , small rodents , and insects on occasion .
Nagano Shinkansen
Vengeance took over Fully Loaded 's pay-per-view spot during 2002 and in 2005 was moved once again , this time switching positions with The Great American Bash .
Further , they noted that a yellow-green fluorescence in each extract promoted rat growth , and that the intensity of fluorescence was proportional to the effect on growth .
This organisation accords no distinct legal status on these councils over any other city council in England but appears to be organically moving towards some kind of recognition of their role as regional capitals outside of London .
The film was released to theaters by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on November 2 , 2001 , in Australia on December 26 , 2001 , and in the United Kingdom on February 8 , 2002 .
Tired of being the only boy in his class to have never kissed a girl , Butters purchases his first kiss from Sally , who gives away kisses for $ 5 .
A historian is an individual who studies and writes about history , and is regarded as an authority on it .
Students can choose to attend a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school tuition .
Through services across London began on 10 April 1908 , running from Highbury station through Holborn and then east to Tower Bridge or south to Kennington Gate .
The article remains open to editing , but courteous users should leave it alone until you 're done .
Ireland ( , ; , ; Ulster Scots : Airlann ) is the third-largest island in Europe and the twentieth-largest island in the world .
The Islanders ( Haku and Tama ) and their manager Bobby Heenan took on British Bulldogs ( Davey Boy Smith and Dynamite Kid ) and Koko B. Ware .
The film was a financial success , and with a budget of around $ 20 million , it had a worldwide gross of US$ 137 million .
Pakistan gave up its claim to the tract under a border agreement with China in 1963 with the proviso that the settlement was subject to the final solution of the Kashmir dispute .
An antidepressant is a psychiatric medication used to alleviate mood disorders , such as major depression and dysthymia and anxiety disorders such as social anxiety disorder .
In the prize announcement The Norwegian Nobel Committee mentioned : Muhammad Yunus was the first Bangladeshi and third Bengali to ever get a Nobel Prize .
The confrontation that led to the people of Paris storming the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , following several days of disturbances , resulted from the fact that gunpowder and arms had been stored there , and the people ( whose fears had been raised by a number of rumors ) demanded access to these .
Sherrill is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
The channel grew in the late 1990s .
The traditional conch version uses the egg whites and has a meringue topping .
These are compounds that include rubidium , most possibly in +1 ion form .
Louis Feinberg ( October 5 , 1902 -- January 24 , 1975 ) , known professionally as Larry Fine , was an American comedian and actor , who is best known as a member of the comedy act The Three Stooges .
Whewell was born in Lancaster .
Dragon Ball Z manga , volume 11 , chapter 131 Mecha Frieza Physically ruined while caught in Planet Namek 's explosion after Goku defeats him , what remained of the still-living Frieza was salvaged and rebuilt with cybernetic enhancements by scientists under the order of King Cold .
Fordsville is a city in Ohio County , Kentucky , United States .
Cinderella III : A Twist in Time is the second direct-to-video sequel to the 1950 Walt Disney Pictures animated classic Cinderella .
Roche-d ` Or is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The middlegame in chess refers to the portion of the game that happens after the opening .
Some sausages were made a very long time ago , and are some of the oldest foods .
On 4 April 1959 , French Sudan was joined with Senegal to form the Mali Federation , which became fully independent within the French Community on June 20 1960 .
North Melbourne Football Club , nicknamed Kangaroos , is an Australian rules football club in the AFL and is one of the oldest sporting clubs in Australia and the world .
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
The Rock followed this with a Rock Bottom and a pin on Austin , to which the referee woke up and counted the three count .
Found guilty in the Ministries Trial in 1949 , Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment , but was released during an amnesty in 1951 .
Takeo Wakabayashi ( born 29 August 1907 ) is a former Japanese football player .
When Clayton was five years old , his family moved from Oxfordshire to Malahide , County Dublin , where Clayton 's brother Sebastian was born .
Amblypygids are also known as whip spiders and tailless whip scorpions ( not to be confused with whip scorpions that belong to the Arachnid order Thelyphonida ) .
Rawson , E. : '' Cicero , a portrait '' (/O1975/O) p. 8 Cicero used his knowledge of Greek to translate many of the theoretical concepts of Greek philosophy into Latin , thus translating Greek philosophical works for a larger audience .
Noyelles-Godault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1865 he married Eliza Lakin ( 1837 - 1900 ) , becoming a part-time farmer and raising four children at Walnut farm in Barrow upon Trent .
In 1900 it had 15,846 inhabitants .
This is a strong reason farmers prefer to cultivate khat over coffee and fruits .
'' Dilemma '' ( Jason Nevins remix edit ) -- 4:30
In moist conditions mats are usually held together by slimy substances secreted by the micro-organisms , and in many cases some of the micro-organisms form tangled webs of filaments which make the mat tougher .
Maynard is a city in Fayette County , Iowa , United States .
Only animals like the jackal , mongoose , jungle cat , civet cat , scaly anteater , desert cat and the wild hare occur in these areas .
On 24 February 2010 Yar ` Adua returned to Nigeria , but Jonathan continued as acting president .
A book discussion club is a group of people who meet to discuss a book or books that they have read and express their opinions , likes , dislikes , etc. .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
This is because the pronunciation of the combination of Greek letters has changed from ancient to modern times from one of to either or , depending on what follows ( see Greek orthography ) .
The first RAC concert was in Leeds , England in 1978 , featuring the Nazi punk bands The Dentists and The Ventz .
In audio engineering , a fade is a gradual increase or decrease in the level of an audio signal .
'' Operating environment '' is not the totality of the functionality and appearance of an operating system .
Bongo : The story of a circus bear cub , who ran away from the circus to the wild and the adventures there that followed .
The up-tempo tracks on U Do n't Know Me saw minor success with a peak position of # 79 on the U.S. Hot 100 , 50 in Canada and 25 in the UK .
The subdivision of the country is then referred to with one number .
When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution , he appointed Knox to continue serving .
Electric power transmission is the bulk transfer of electrical energy , a process in the delivery of electricity to consumers .
Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam , ; born October 15 , 1931 , Tamil Nadu , India , usually referred to as Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam ^ , was the eleventh President of India , serving from 2002 to 2007 .
Events In the Roman Catholic Church , cardinals are given the right to elect the Pope .
Riviera Beach is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida , U.S.A. which was incorporated September 29 , 1922 .
The district covers an area of 1,969 km with the city of Abbottabad being the principal town of this district .
If the fluid density is greater than the average density of the object , the object floats ; if less , the object sinks .
Though the entire subterranean network of Paris ' mines is not a burial place as such , the term ` Catacombs ' is commonly used to refer to the whole .
Nearby Gatton saw voluntary evacuations as the Lockyer Creek rose to a record height of 18.92 m , exceeding the previous record set in the 1893 Queensland floods .
Other pages Continental circuits The 2006-2007 UCI Oceania Tour is the third season of the UCI Oceania Tour of professional road bicycle racing held in various countries throughout the Oceania region .
The initial strengthening was delayed as a result .
The company name is derived from the name of one of the company 's founders , Lionel Martin , and from the Aston Hill speed hillclimb near Aston Clinton in Buckinghamshire .
Lisa Anne Loeb ( born March 11 , 1968 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
There may be medical , legal or other information that is normally also the subject of professional opinions ; Wikipedia is not a substitute for seeking the help of a professional .
Listed General , City of Sydney Library , accessed July 2009 He was a warlord with a sphere of influence centred around Guangxi Province , commanding his own troops and governing Guangxi with autonomy , though part of the Republic of China .
Normally the lama would be reincarnated as a human , and of the same sex as his ( or her ) predecessor .
Some high-end slide rules have magnifier cursors that make the markings easier to see .
Once he took a loan of two-and-a-half rupees to buy some clothes and had to struggle for three years to pay it back .
Handler graduated from Wesleyan University in 1992 .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Heal 's ( '' Heal and Son Ltd '' ) is a British department store chain comprising six stores , selling a range of furniture , lighting , accessories , home and garden wares .
The peninsula was named after William H. Seward , the United States Secretary of State who negotiated the Purchase of Alaska from Russia in 1867 .
She described it as Lowood School in Jane Eyre .
Robert Kelly Slater ( born February 11 , 1972 , Cocoa Beach , FL , USA ) , known as Kelly Slater , is an American professional surfer known for his competitive prowess and style .
The alternative name '' Kamptozoa '' , meaning '' bent '' or '' curved '' animals , was assigned in 1929 .
, reaching # 2 in the UK Singles Chart .
Haka are not exclusively war dances or performed only by men . Some are performed by women , others by mixed groups , and some simple haka are performed by children .
The band 's debut album , Out of Ashes was released on October 13 , 2009 .
In psychology and psychiatry , anhedonia (
Although the only charge which could be proved against him was that he had been seen wearing the club 's colours , he was condemned to death for high treason .
Zottegem is a municipality located in Belgium and more particularly in Flanders , in the province of East Flanders .
These tables give the total number of chromosomes ( including sex chromosomes ) in a cell nucleus .
Lutherstadt Eisleben Burgsdorf Eisleben1 , 2 Hedersleben 6 .
Arthez-d ` Asson ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It is possible that Dromaeosaurus was more of a scavenger than other small theropods , or it may be that Dromaeosaurus relied more heavily on its jaws to dispatch its prey .
It was the official timekeeper for the 2006 Winter Olympics and for the 2008 Summer Olympics , and will do the same for the 2010 Winter Olympics .
On December 19 , 2010 , Betancourt was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers along with teammate Zack Greinke and USD$ 2,000,000 , reportedly to offset the buyout of Betancourt 's club option in 2012 , for Alcides Escobar , Lorenzo Cain , Jeremy Jeffress , and Jake Odorizzi .
Some Protestant denominations such as Lutherans also make use of the prayer .
The discovery of the nearby Chandraketugarh , an archaeological site , provides evidence that the area has been inhabited for over two millennia .
The title remained the primary championship within the Mid-Atlantic territory until 1986 when Crockett gained control of the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
If a man and a woman want to make sure they wo n't make a baby they may use a form of contraception ( any activity that prevents a baby being made ) .
Cork Oaks are sometimes planted as individual trees , providing a minor income to their owners .
The pronghorn antelope of North America is not a member of the family Bovidae , but the family Antilocapridae and not a true antelope .
Named after its founder , Tom McCall , it is situated on the southern shore of Payette Lake , near the center of the Payette National Forest .
Slidell ( ) is a city situated on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana , United States .
This Grade One listed building was built in 1897 and designed by William Frame .
In December 2010 Group Lotus ( Proton ) announced the creation of ` Lotus Renault GP ' , the successor to the Renault F1 Team that will contest the 2011 FIA Formula One World Championship , having purchased a title sponsorship deal with the team with the option to buy shares in the future .
Steven Patrick Morrissey ( born 22 May 1959 ) , known primarily as Morrissey , is an English lyricist and singer .
The film was directed by Billy Wilder and co-starred Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
At the beginning of the 19th century , the Spanish possessions in America began a series of independence movements , which culminated in Spain 's loss of all of its colonies on the mainland of North , Central and South America by 1825 .
Mario is most often plumbing during the animated series .
Jeremy John Durham Ashdown , Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon , GCMG , KBE , PC ( born 27 February 1941 ) , usually known as Paddy Ashdown , is a British politician and diplomat .
However , the term pre-Sokratic was in use as early as George Grote 's Plato and the Other Companions of Sokrates in 1865 .
The album produced two singles , '' Capricorn ( A Brand New Name ) '' and '' Edge of the Earth '' . The former peaked at # 31 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart .
One of the guards , Petar Brzica , boasted cutting the throats of about 1,360 new arrivals .
Yasushi Endo is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashima Antlers .
The Invasion was a professional wrestling storyline in the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) that began shortly after the WWF 's purchase of World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) .
She has released one album to date , Spirit , in 2007 .
The 1938 -- 39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
e4 e6 , the game usually continues 2 .
Tsarskoye Selo ( ; '' Tsar 's Village '' ) is a former Russian residence of the imperial family and visiting nobility , located 24 k south from the center of St. Petersburg .
Acherontia styx is a Sphingid moth found in Asia , one of the three species of Death 's - head Hawkmoth , also known as the Bee Robber .
She has written novels , poetry , children 's books , essays , and short stories , most notably in the genres of fantasy and science fiction .
JPG The Cathedral garden
The Outback is the vast , remote , arid area of Australia , although the term colloquially can refer to any lands outside the main urban areas .
Most of the territories are directly administered by the Commonwealth government , while three ( the Northern Territory , the Australian Capital Territory and Norfolk Island ) administer themselves .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , the son of Mary Lee Martin and Glenn Vernon Martin , a real estate salesman and an aspiring actor .
It is noted in western history as the foe of the Greek city states in the Greco-Persian Wars , for freeing the Jews from their Babylonian captivity , and for instituting Aramaic as the empire 's official language .
He founded and led the Estado Novo ( New State ) , the authoritarian , right-wing government that presided over and controlled Portugal from 1932 to 1974 .
It currently has one councillor in local government , and participated in the 2010 general election as part of the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition .
Messiah , often incorrectly called The Messiah , is one of Handel 's most famous works .
Mission San Luis Obispo de Tolosa was founded 1772 on the Central Coast of California on a site located halfway between Santa Barbara and Monterey .
By 1990 , the Soviet Union broke apart into many smaller countries , like Russia .
In her columns , Roosevelt had attacked proposals for federal funding of certain nonreligious activities at parochial schools , such as bus transportation for students .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 8 .
Both texts mention the word '' yoghurt '' in different sections and describe its use by nomadic Turks .
During it , economic assets ( or capital ) were represented by bullion ( gold , silver , and trade value ) , which was best increased through a positive and healthy balance of trade with other states ( exports minus imports ) .
As of the United States 2000 Census , the town population was 45,768 .
Yvette Fielding ( born 23 September 1968 ) is a British broadcaster , producer and actress .
Jacopo Peri ( 20 August 1561 -- 12 August 1633 ) was an Italian composer and singer of the transitional period between the Renaissance and Baroque styles , and is often called the inventor of opera .
LaSalle was named in honor of the early French explorer , Robert de LaSalle . In presettlement times the Illinois River was navigable upstream only to LaSalle ; beyond LaSalle were a series of portages , in which boats had to be carried around rapids .
While still an amateur , he also became a member of the United States Marine Corps .
Special types of undergarments have religious significance .
Many desert areas have limestone hills or mountains within them or close to them that can be exploited as groundwater resources .
At its basic level , MT performs simple substitution of words in one natural language for words in another .
Laboratory studies show that they do so deliberately and over extended periods , and periodically clean themselves while feeding .
Acanthomyops colei Wing , 1968
Other notably popular characters through the years have been The Little Twin Stars ( created by Mr. Tsuji himself ) , My Melody , Keroppi , Tuxedo Sam , Badtz-Maru , Kuromi , Charmmy Kitty , Pochacco , Chococat , and Cinnamoroll .
The nearest tube station is also called Oval , but the ground can also be easily reached from Vauxhall .
The lake lies in the extreme north of the Kaghan Valley at N35 .0185 E74 .0895 and is about a four hour drive from the chief town Naran .
They are commonly used in comparison tables .
After holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to John Cena and Batista on the August 4 episode of Raw .
Masahiko Kimura was a Japanese judoka ( Judo practitioner ) who is widely considered one of the greatest judoka of all time .
Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan , it has a population of 23,613 .
Mainly active in the 1980s and early 1990s , the band achieved double platinum status with their # 8 hit '' Wait '' and # 3 hit '' When the Children Cry '' from their second album Pride .
ISSN : 0204-8701 In compliance with these phonemic principles , Basic Roman explicates the vowel alternations in stressed syllables originating in the Great Vowel Shift of Early Modern English , offering a wider international perspective that transcends Chomsky 's defense of traditional spelling .
Jeff agreed , and also discovered Rotu 's boat was n't brought back close enough to their chain , while Maraamu 's boat was okay .
Nilo Murtinho Braga , best known as Nilo ( April 3 , 1903 -- February 7 , 1975 ) was a Brazilian footballer in forward striker role .
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall in 1963 and won the prestigious Leventritt Competition in 1964 .
The strongest Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico since Hurricane Kenna of 2002 , Lane developed on September 13 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico .
In the past , the term non-vascular plant included not only all the algae , but also the fungi as well .
Through levying enormous customs duties , Prussia accelerated the collapse of the Commonwealth .
The population in 1960 was only 70,000 .
Rage are a German heavy metal band , formed in 1984 .
The project leader is Dr. Robert S. McMillan .
Metallica ( also known as The Black Album ) is the eponymous fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
They became enemies because of each others ' backgrounds and attitudes .
It was invented by Reginald J. G. Dutton ( 1886-1970 ) in 1922 .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake ( , ) , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km ( 33 miles ) in circumference , about 21 km ( 13 miles ) long , and 13 km ( 8 miles ) wide .
United States Geological Survey Hydrological Unit Code : 07-14-01-01 - Cahokia-Joachim Watershed The Missouri likely originates at Brower 's Spring at the upper reaches of the Jefferson River , before joining the confluence of the Madison , Jefferson , and Gallatin rivers in Montana .
The discus throw is an event in track and field competition , in which an athlete throws a heavy disc -- called a discus -- in an attempt to mark a farther distance than his or her competitors .
He served in only two high offices during his lifetime ( Prime Minister and Leader of the House of Lords ) , but was nonetheless very influential during his one and a half years of service .
In consequence , mortality among young female Leadbeater 's Possums is high -- average female lifespan is little more than 27 months , as opposed to about 10 years in captivity .
Roger Charles Louis Guillemin ( born January 11 , 1924 in Dijon , Bourgogne , France ) received the National Medal of Science in 1976 , and the Nobel prize for medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones , sharing the prize that year with Andrew Schally and Rosalyn Sussman Yalow .
His major projects are SARLA -- a chain of Sewing centres in New Delhi , Uttar Pradesh , Haryana , Jharkhand and other states for self employment of poor women in India and LuRC -- ( Land use by Religious Criminals ) to counter the land mafias who occupy the land in the name of religion .
These markets will quickly respond to changes in supply and demand to find an equilibrium price and quantity .
Methods of dress , preparation of food , application of cosmetics or other hygienic practices are all considered liturgical activities .
Scotland Yard 's files on the case were initially closed to the public for 75 years , until 2033 .
Bengt Ankarloo and Stuart Clarke , 1-90 .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
Grabowski was a longstanding president of the Warsaw Esperanto Society , founded in 1904 , and of the Polish Esperanto Society , founded in 1908 .
Hersin-Coupigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The series was staged as the Formula 3000 European Championship in 1985 , as the Formula 3000 Intercontinental Championship in 1986 and 1987 and then as the Formula 3000 International Championship from 1988 to 2004 .
Of greatest importance are 90Sr with a half-life of 28.78 years and 89Sr with a half-life of 50.5 days .
She saves Wilbur by writing messages in her web , hence the title .
A second production method involves reacting sodium chloride ( salt ) and sulfuric acid at elevated temperatures to produce sodium bisulfate and hydrogen chloride gas .
The city shares its borders with the cities of Palo Alto , Los Altos , and Sunnyvale , as well as Moffett Federal Airfield and the San Francisco Bay .
Washington Capitals All-Star left winger Alexander Ovechkin was confirmed as the cover athlete of NHL 2K10 .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
Autofellatio is the act of oral stimulation of one 's own penis as a form of masturbation .
Stephen Arthur Stills ( born January 3 , 1945 , Dallas , Texas ) is an American guitarist and singer/songwriter best known for his work with Buffalo Springfield and Crosby , Stills & Nash ( and Young ) .
The Coscoroba Swan ( Coscoroba coscoroba ) is a species of waterfowl inhabiting southern South America .
George Stoneman , Jr. ( August 8 , 1822 - September 5 , 1894 ) was a career United States Army officer , a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War , and the 15th Governor of California between 1883 and 1887 .
Tibor Sekelj ( in Hungarian : Székely Tibor ) ( 14 February 1912 -- 23 September 1988 ) was an explorer , esperantist , writer and lawyer of Jewish descent .
His maternal grandparents were Furugh Afnan and Cecil Fadlo Hourani , who was an advisor to the late Tunisian president Habib Bourguiba , as well as an author ; Cecil Hourani is also the brother of Albert Hourani , a major historian of the Middle East .
It came equipped with productivity tools such as OpenOffice.org 1.1.2 , Mozilla Firefox ( version 1.0 ) web browser , Gaim ( version 1.0 ) , etc./O.
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back .
Donald Adamson ( born 30 March 1939 at Culcheth , Lancashire , now Cheshire ) is a historian , biographer , philosophical writer , textual scholar , literary critic , and translator of French literature .
Local officials urged them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation .
The newspaper 's circulation grew from around 1m to just under 2m during his time in charge .
Cyclist Lance Armstrong had a resting HR around 32 bpm , and it is not unusual for people doing regular exercise to get below 50 bpm . Other cyclists like Miguel Indurain also have a very low heart rate at rest ( 29 bpm ) .
Antonio da Sangallo the Younger ( April 12 , 1484 - August 3 , 1546 ) , born Antonio Cordiani , was an Italian architect active during the Italian Renaissance .
In his final words , Coby was convinced that he was voted out because he was a threat to Ian and Tom , not as mouthy as his tribemates accuses him .
Prior to decimalisation , the pound was divided into 20 shillings and each shilling into 12 pence , making 240 pence to the pound .
San Francisco : Pre-Columbian Art Research Institute .
Flavors include tangerine , raspberry , and mango . Citrus , Apple and Tangerine have been discontinued .
If Germany had gained air superiority , Adolf Hitler might have launched Operation Sea Lion , an amphibious and airborne invasion of Britain .
Japanese cuisine has developed over the centuries as a result of many political and social changes .
He was born Samuel Coleridge Taylor .
Tassillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Vibraphone mallets usually consist of a rubber ball core wrapped in yarn or cord and attached to a narrow dowel , most commonly made of rattan or birch ( other materials , such as nylon , are sometimes used ) .
Lee Hyo-ri ( , also romanized as Lee Hyori ) ( born May 10 , 1979 ) is a South Korean singer and actress .
Helots also traveled with the Spartan army as non-combatant serfs .
Madison 's suburb , Middleton , was also ranked the '' Best Place to Live in America '' in 2007 by Money Magazine .
This was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population , with manorial lords beginning the process of enclosure .
The color of the day is a signal used by undercover officers of some big city police s in the USA .
Normal concentration in clean air is about 0.0001 -- 0.0002 ppm .
Cambligneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Tirana ( ) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Albania .
The River Orwell flows through the county of Suffolk in England .
