Suttungr ( ) , or Saturn XXIII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
A '' muffin '' can also refer to a different baked good : the smaller , disk-shaped English muffin , although this usage is uncommon outside of the Commonwealth of Nations .
A rip current , commonly miscalled a rip tide , is a strong channel of water flowing seaward from near the shore , typically through the surf line .
Though monumental architecture at the site dates back as far as the 4th century BC , Tikal reached its apogee during the Classic Period , ca .
The associated royal palace will be the birth place of King Charles I.
Scream ( 1996 ) is a horror film directed by Wes Craven from a screenplay by Kevin Williamson , and the first of the Scream series .
Originating in a part of Italian cuisine , the dish has become popular in many different parts of the world .
Because mandrake contains deliriant hallucinogenic tropane alkaloids such as atropine , scopolamine , apoatropine , hyoscyamine and the roots sometimes contain bifurcations causing them to resemble human figures , their roots have long been used in magic rituals , today also in neopagan religions such as Wicca and Germanic revivalism religions such as Odinism .
It made landfall on August 5 on the upper Texas coast about 40 miles southwest of Port Arthur and moved west-northwest into the interior of Texas .
The word ` poblacht ' was a new word , coined by the writers of the Easter Proclamation in 1916 .
Music of the Sun is the debut album of Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released August 26 , 2005 on Def Jam Recordings .
In 2003 , Paramount Pictures optioned the song for adaptation into a feature film .
On 25 December 2009 , Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to eleven years ' imprisonment and two years ' deprivation of political rights by the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate Court on charges of '' inciting subversion of state power . ''
Mary Boleyn ( c. 1499\/1500 -- 19 July 1543 ) was the sister of English queen consort Anne Boleyn and a member of the Boleyn family , which enjoyed considerable influence during the reign of King Henry VIII of England .
For more information , see the main article Leaf vegetable , and the list of plants with edible leaves .
The caterpillar will reach a length of 5 cm ( 2 in ) .
Ripuarian languages thus are part of the west middle continental Germanic language group .
The Maya collapse For reasons that are still debated , the Maya centers of the southern lowlands went into decline during the 8th and 9th centuries and were abandoned shortly thereafter .
Due to its ease of measurement and calculation , it is the most widely used diagnostic tool to identify weight problems within a population , usually whether individuals are underweight , overweight or obese .
Viking raiding expeditions were separate from and coexisted with regular trading expeditions .
In Internet terminology , a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space , following the standards set by RFC 1918 and RFC 4193 .
During this time it had moved east , then northeast , and then northwest .
Game balance , a concept in game design describing the fairness or balance of power in a game
Owls are the order Strigiformes , comprising 200 bird of prey species .
Nevertheless , in Cézanne 's mature work we see the development of a solidified , almost architectural style of painting .
Bayon-sur-Gironde ( Baion in Occitan ) is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
History Nord was one of the original 83 departments that were created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
He has been awarded a number of honorary doctorates , at various institutions .
At the same time , a CD\/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart .
Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , is the largest recent order of reptiles , including lizards and snakes .
However , tantalum , iridium , osmium , titanium , rhodium and a few other metals are capable of withstanding chemical attack from it .
As the IAHD is a non-profit foundation , all the people on the board are volunteers .
Also Ed Begley , Jr. , Josh Duhamel , Gilbert Gottfried , Tim Gunn , and Carson Palmer playing themselves .
In 1895 , William Randolph Hearst purchased the rival New York Journal from Pulitzer 's brother , Albert , which led to a circulation war .
They resided in Los Angeles and London , but in 2007 , the couple settled in Los Angeles .
Two generations of fans of American League teams have grown up with the Designated Hitter rule being in place , and for many of them the designated hitter is as much a traditional part of baseball as the pitcher taking his turn at bat is for fans of National League teams .
Comano may refer to :
To the northeast , M ` Clure Strait separates the island from Prince Patrick Island and Melville Island .
Construction of London 's Crossrail project is expected to be completed , with the first passenger trains running this year .
Homolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid from pyruvate ; alcoholic fermentation is the conversion of pyruvate into ethanol and carbon dioxide ; and heterolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid as well as other acids and alcohols .
Commonly used abbreviations for the county are Warks or Warwicks .
Gardenia is a genus of 142 species of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , native to the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa , southern Asia , Australasia and Oceania .
The website was originally created in the late 1990s under the name The Jewish Student Online Research Center ( JSOURCE ) .
He became favorite in the 1997 Tour de France .
Severe flooding and hailstorms also resulted .
Sudafed is a trademark for a common brand that contains pseudoephedrine , although Sudafed PE does not contain it .
The nearest airport is on Kiritimati ( Christmas Island ) , to the northwest .
She received a Master 's degree from the Presbyterian School of Christian Education ( Richmond , VA ) , where she studied Bible and Christian education .
Politics Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university chair under the Nazi regime .
The Epping Ongar Railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old Great Eastern Railway and London Underground Central Line branch line between Epping and Ongar , with an intermediate station at North Weald .
Latex , nitrile rubber or vinyl disposable gloves are often worn by health care professionals as hygiene and contamination protection measures .
The United States Champion , Edge , defeated the Intercontinental Champion , Test , becoming the new Intercontinental Champion while causing the United States Championship to become inactive .
The metropolitan counties are a type of county-level administrative division of England .
Machair was written in English and translated into Gaelic , then given English subtitles and broadcast at peak viewing time .
In 1990 , the Plain English Campaign created the Crystal Mark , its seal of approval .
Preceded by the UK and US Top 10 hit '' Tumbling Dice '' , Exile on Main St. was released in May 1972 .
Rock art is a term used in archaeology for any human-made markings made on natural stone .
The quartet have scored four number one singles and have released three number one albums in their native country , selling nearly 5 million CDs and DVDs there .
One evening , Om views the premiere of Shanti Priya 's film Dreamy Girl , claiming he is the actor Manoj Kumar .
The student life at Langston University garnered the attention of BET and the second season of the reality television show College Hill was filmed there .
In 1988 , he co-starred in the comedy film Coming to America with Murphy .
Eight species are native to Central and South America , from Belize southward to Brazil and Peru , growing mainly in swamps and floodplains .
Power is usually transmitted as alternating current through overhead power lines .
People associate certain colors with certain flavors , and the color of food can influence the perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine .
Artificial turf , Astroturf , or synthetic turf , is a man-made surface manufactured from synthetic made to look like natural grass .
Ministry of Education Language Centre ( MOELC ) is also located in Bishan , the other campus being located in Ghim Moh .
The first type of languages ( often called '' simplified '' or '' technical '' languages ) , for example ASD Simplified Technical English , Caterpillar Technical English , IBM 's Easy English , are used in the industry to increase the quality of technical documentation , and possibly simplify the ( semi - ) automatic translation of the documentation .
Russellville is a city in and the county seat of Logan County , Kentucky , United States .
Pass Christian ( pronounced '' kris-CHAN '' or '' kris-chee-ANN '' ( rather than '' KRIS-chin '' as in an adherent to Christianity ) ) , nicknamed The Pass , is a city in Harrison County , Mississippi , United States , along the Gulf of Mexico .
In 1912 , Spring-Rice was appointed as Ambassador to the United States of America where he influenced the administration of Woodrow Wilson to abandon neutrality and join Britain in the war against Germany .
The proposal for this international year originated in FAO at a joint meeting of the Intergovernmental Group on Hard Fibres and the Intergovernmental Group on Jute in 2004 , and was endorsed by FAO Conference in 2005 .
Lilly Pulitzer is also sold at Lilly Pulitzer Specialty Stores .
It is the second-largest city park in California , after Mission Trails Preserve in San Diego , and the tenth largest municipally owned park in the United States .
Evil Genius is a novel written by Catherine Jinks and published in 2005 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
It is separated from the Pomeranian Bay of the Baltic Sea by the islands of Usedom and Wolin .
Tokyo is not a single incorporated city - see Tokyo for more information on the definition and makeup of Tokyo .
Escaping to a subway station , Morpheus and Trinity use a payphone to exit the Matrix , but before Neo can leave he is ambushed by Agent Smith . Neo stands his ground and Smith is run over by a subway train , but quickly flees when the Agent possesses another body .
Manage is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
'' Great Plains '' , where the Fen River leaves the mountains ) is a prefecture-level city and the capital of Shanxi province , China .
Zoophilia , from the Greek ( z ion , '' animal '' ) and ( philia , '' friendship '' or '' love '' ) , also known as zoosexuality , is the practice of sex between humans and animals ( bestiality ) , or a preference or fixation on such practice .
Because these samples are nowadays usually stored in digital memory the information can be quickly accessed .
Mark A. Driscoll ( born October 11 , 1970 ) is an American pastor and author .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 ) is a regional city in Far North Queensland , Australia .
There are , however , several Antarctic research centers from various nations that are inhabited by teams of scientists that rotate on a seasonal basis .
The most common case of an event horizon is that surrounding a black hole . Light emitted from beyond the horizon can never reach the observer .
Women 's NCAA college basketball uses a 30 second shot clock .
Dipsacus fullonum , syn . Dipsacus sylvestris , is a species of flowering plant known by the common names Fuller 's teasel and wild teasel .
Degas had considerable influence on Cassatt .
A number of other visiting diesel and steam locomotives have also seen service on the line .
In addition to the Central Europe countries , the drainage basin includes parts of nine more countries : Italy ( 0.15 % ) , Poland ( 0.09 % ) , Switzerland ( 0.32 % ) , the Czech Republic ( 2.5 % ) , Slovenia ( 2.2 % ) , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 4.8 % ) , the Republic of Macedonia , and Albania ( 0.03 % ) .
Stallman argues that not using GNU in the name of the operating system unfairly disparages the value of the GNU project and harms the sustainability of the free software movement by breaking the link between the software and the free software philosophy of the GNU project .
In 1973 he was appointed Ireland 's first European Commissioner , serving until 1976 when he became President .
Colour was almost non-existent except for the use of a monochromatic scheme that often included gray , blue and ochre .
For Wikipedia 's policy on page protection , see .
August 27 , 1937 ) was an American banker , industrialist , philanthropist , art collector and Secretary of the Treasury from March 4 1921 until February 12 1932 .
The 1924 Dawes Plan modified Germany 's reparation payments .
From 2001 to 2007 , the Royal Rumble match winner had gone on to win a World Championship title at WrestleMania .
Appenzell Ausserrhoden ( German : ; in English sometimes Appenzell Outer Rhodes ) is a canton of Switzerland .
Their album fared much better , which was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
The movement can be distinguished into Catholic and Protestant movements , with the latter characterised by a redefined ecclesiology of '' denominationalism '' ( which the Catholic Church , among others , rejects ) .
Edmond Halley FRS ( 8 November 1656 - 14 January 1742 ) was an English astronomer , geophysicist , mathematician , meteorologist , and physicist who is best known for computing the orbit of the eponymous Halley 's comet . He was the second Astronomer Royal in Britain , following in the footsteps of John Flamsteed .
He advocates immigration restrictions , the death penalty , raising incentives for homemakers , and euroscepticism .
Communication and synchronization between the different subtasks are typically one of the greatest obstacles to getting good parallel program performance .
Many sports analysts , tennis critics , and former and current players consider Federer to be the greatest tennis player of all time .
Murcia ( ) , a city in south-eastern Spain , is the capital and most populous city of the Autonomous Community of the Region of Murcia , and the seventh largest city in the country , with a population of 436,870 inhabitants in 2009 ( about one third of the total population of the Region ) .
They are always being fixed , but threatened because the desert is spreading .
Post-it notes were invented by 3M 's Art Fry , using an adhesive developed by a colleague , Spencer Silver .
Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland , abbreviated to THAW , is a video game that was released for the PS2 , Xbox , Xbox 360 , Nintendo GameCube and PC on October 18 , 2005 .
A Thatcherite , he currently serves as Shadow Defence Minister .
She was invited by Andrew Lloyd Webber to perform Phantom of the Opera in China .
C. albicans biofilms readily form on the surface of implantable medical devices .
December 21 -- Pope Honorius II succeeds Pope Calixtus II as the 163rd pope .
Automotive-grade liquid nitrous oxide differs slightly from medical-grade nitrous oxide .
Denny Domingoes Landzaat ( born May 6 1976 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Dutch Eredivisie club FC Twente .
The Fairly OddParents ceased production in 2006 , but it was announced on Hartman 's website on February 2 , 2007 that 20 more episodes will be produced .
The demise of the Alouettes , leaving only three teams in the East Division compared to five teams in the West Division , forced the League to alter its playoff structure by moving the easternmost Western team , the Winnipeg Blue Bombers , into the East Division , upsetting the long-standing tradition of '' East vs. West '' , as Winnipeg is not considered part of eastern Canada .
Ellen Axson Wilson ( May 15 , 1860 -- August 6 , 1914 ) , first wife of Woodrow Wilson , was First Lady of the United States from 1913 until her death .
Dundee has two universities -- the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
Comrades whom Red Front and reaction shot dead March in spirit within our ranks .
The Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team is the national team of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and is controlled by the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Football Federation .
River was a child prodigy , whose brain was subjected to experiments .
A marionette 's puppeteer is called a manipulator .
The Jubilee line is colored silver\/grey on the Tube map .
Tropical Storm Bertha was a minimal tropical storm that made landfall twice along the Gulf Coast of the United States in August 2002 . The second tropical storm of the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season , Bertha developed in the northern Gulf of Mexico out of a trough of low pressure that extended into the Atlantic on August 4 .
Many well-known plants of the Ericaceae live in temperate climates , such as cranberry , blueberry , various heaths and heathers ( Erica , Cassiope , Daboecia , Calluna vulgaris etc ) , huckleberry , azalea and rhododendron .
Seaborgium is a synthetic element whose most stable isotope 271Sg has a half-life of 1.9 minutes .
Upon emerging into the Gulf of Mexico , the hurricane slowed considerably .
The Great Natchez Tornado : A massive tornado strikes Natchez , Mississippi during the early afternoon hours .
McCartney later said of recording the track , '' When we were recording ` Oh !
The comet 's periodicity was first determined in 1705 by English astronomer Edmond Halley , after whom it is now named .
Pan 's Labyrinth has won numerous international awards , including three Academy Awards , the Ariel Award for Best Picture and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form .
He was investigated by the West German government in the 1960s , but was not tried .
During his absence , the government of England was headed by Henry IV 's youngest son , Humphrey , Duke of Gloucester , who was appointed Protector and Defender of the Realm .
The game revolves around the player tending a farm .
The present building was complete by about 1400 , and has several notable features including an early set of misericords , an astronomical clock and the longest uninterrupted vaulted ceiling in England .
The city of Buenos Aires is not a part of the Buenos Aires Province , nor is it its capital ; rather , it is an autonomous district .
They have long claws which are used for digging burrows and sifting sandy substrates for seeds .
Both sexes build the nest and rear the young , though only the female broods them .
Abbottabad ( ) is a city located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Roads and Traffic Authority of NSW has the Western Regional Office located in Parkes .
Despite being called an arena , it is technically an outdoor stadium .
An idiom is a phrase whose meaning can not be determined by the literal definition of the phrase itself , but refers instead to a figurative meaning that is known only through common use .
Biliteracy and Trilingualism English Exchange students from Italy , Brazil and Germany help to enhance student ability in English .
The band has released four albums : It 's About Time , Jonas Brothers , A Little Bit Longer , and Lines , Vines and Trying Times .
Simone 's mother , Mary Kate Waymon ( who lived into her late 90s ) , was a strict Methodist minister and a housemaid .
A child prodigy , he gave his first organ recital at the age of ten .
She writes him a letter , and he shares his obsession with cellmates Jalil ( Lil Bow Wow ) and Pockets ( Jermaine Dupri ) .
Classical ciphers are typically vulnerable to known-plaintext attack .
It is located near the Usumacinta River in the Mexican state of Chiapas , located about 130 km south of Ciudad del Carmen ( see map ) about 150 meters above sea-level .
The Order of Preachers ( ) , after the 15th century more commonly known as the Dominican Order or Dominicans , is a Catholic religious order founded by Saint Dominic in the early 13th century in France .
Models reveal that when an impactor this size struck the proto-Earth at a low angle and relatively low speed ( 8 - 20 km\/sec ) , much material from the mantles and crusts of the proto-Earth and the impactor was ejected into space , where much of it stayed in orbit around the Earth .
History First appearance On May 26 , 1828 , a teenage boy appeared in the streets of Nuremberg , Germany .
The list of names in Country and Region Codes for Statistical Use of the UN Statistics Division is based on the bulletin Country Names and other UN sources .
They are known for their roles as twins Janice ( Milly ) and Jessica Ellis ( Becky ) on The Suite Life of Zack and Cody ( 2006 -- 2008 ) .
Robert Anthony Eden , 1st Earl of Avon , KG , MC , PC ( 12 June 1897 - 14 January 1977 ) was a British Conservative politician , who was Prime Minister from 1955 to 1957 .
The Gaeltacht Quarter in Belfast , Northern Ireland , is an area surrounding the Falls Road in the west of the city .
Southeast Europe 1260 - King Otakar II of Bohemia captures Styria from King Bela IV of Hungary in the Battle of Kressenbrunn .
Egypt is annexed to the Roman Republic , and Octavianus becomes the undisputed ruler of Rome and her subjects .
Eras and population estimates The era of the tosafot ( medieval commentators on the Talmud ) ends ( began 1100 ) .
Ponticelli worked at digging burial pits and trenches .
Following the election , the Conservative Party formed a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats . Due to the Liberal Democrats larger number of seats in Scotland , the post of Scottish secretary was appointed to a the Liberal Democrat MP 's Danny Alexander and then Michael Moore .
, which preferred to remain with Germany , but conceded in accordance with the terms of Part III , Section XI of the Treaty of Versailles of 1919 .
He is a retired professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago , formerly holding the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar .
It also consists of the three colors : red , yellow , and blue , which represent the colors of the National Flag .
Manures contribute to the fertility of the soil by adding organic matter and nutrients , such as nitrogen that is trapped by bacteria in the soil .
Puzhavar Kulandai could write about Chinnamalai only after independence from colonial British .
There is a County Museum of History in Resita , displaying archeological artifacts , and , in the town of Ocna de Fier , the Constantin Gruiescu Mineralogical Collection .
One of the original collections of Frost materials , to which he himself contributed , is found in the Special Collections department of the Jones Library in Amherst , Massachusetts .
The remiges are dark blue , and the tail is long and tapering .
Power metal is a style of heavy metal music combining characteristics of traditional metal with thrash metal or speed metal , often within symphonic context .
Per capita , more people in Scotland watch their domestic top level league than any other nation in Europe .
The National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) , located at Florida International University in Miami , Florida , is the division of National Weather Service 's Tropical Prediction Center responsible for tracking and predicting the likely behavior of tropical depressions , tropical storms and hurricanes .
The event was created in 1999 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 12 , 1999 at the National Car Rental Center in Sunrise , Florida .
Squaw Valley won the bid in 1955 .
Two notable examples are Mahler 's Symphony No. 5 ( though only the first movement is in C-sharp minor , and the finale is actually in D major ) and Prokofiev 's Symphony No. 7 .
As the nautilus matures it creates new , larger camerae , and moves its growing body into the larger space , sealing the vacated chamber with a new septum .
Parennes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The PlayStation 3 version of the game ( ported by 2K Studios ) was released on March 20 , 2007 , in North America and on April 27 , 2007 , in Europe .
Carbonation is the process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water .
During winter , the lake freezes completely , despite being saline water .
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jeong Yak-yong ( 1762 -- 1836 , styled Dasan ) was a leading Korean philosopher in the late Joseon Dynasty .
Protestant translations using '' murder '' include the New International Version ( American , 1978 ) , New American Standard Bible ( American , 1971 ) , New English Bible ( British Protestant , 1970 ) , and the New King James ( American , 1982 ) , New Revised Standard ( American , 1989 ) and English Standard ( American Protestant , 2001 ) Versions .
A book is a set or collection of written , printed , illustrated , or blank sheets , made of paper , parchment , or other various material , usually fastened together to hinge at one side .
Drafted in 1950 by the then newly formed Council of Europe , The Council of Europe should not be confused with the Council of the European Union or the European Council .
History Spurgeons was founded in 1867 by Charles Haddon Spurgeon , to care for fatherless boys ( the first girls were accepted in 1879 ) .
Anthrax recorded their debut album , Fistful of Metal , in late 1983 .
Unfortunately , none of the actual works survive .
Signing to Reprise caused many punk rock fans to regard Green Day as sellouts .
South Dakota ( ) is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States of America .
The name and logo of the company are an allusion to the cathode ray tube , a display device used since the early days of electronic television .
Renée O'Connor as Deianeira
Besides work on Cuba , other countries Giuliano covered in his journalistic work include East Timor and Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Family of Friends ( Tsunami Records , 1993 )
Lead ( II ) oxide occurs in two polymorphs , red , having a tetragonal crystal structure and yellow , having an orthorhombic crystal structure .
'' If we succeed in establishing the text of ( the archetype ) , the constitutio ( reconstruction of the original ) is considerably advanced .
Insurance , in law and economics , is a form of risk management primarily used to hedge against the risk of a contingent loss .
Even in countries like the UK where most police officers do not carry guns , more are being trained to do so .
As of November 2008 , there are 9074 registered voters , the Democratic Party 5529 ( 61 % ) holds a large advantage over the Republican Party 2853 ( 31 % ) .
It is a brood parasite , which lays its eggs in the nests of other bird species , particularly of Dunnocks , Meadow Pipits , and Eurasian Reed Warblers .
He suffered serious head injuries and was sidelined for the rest of the season , replaced by Andrea de Cesaris and a returning Lehto who had been replaced at Benetton after injury complications .
Winning the contest in 1927 , the design of Benny Benson , a 13-year-old Alaska Native residing at the Jesse Lee Home for Children in Seward , was chosen to represent the future of the Alaska Territory .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
The Authorized King James Version is an English translation by the Church of England of the Christian Bible begun in 1604 and completed in 1611 .
Though convection remained focused near the outer periphery of the system , the overall organized continued to steadily increase , and it is estimated the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Florence on September 5 while located about 1,120 miles ( 1,800 km ) east-northeast of Anguilla .
Similarly , a form of mate is sold in Uruguay , Argentina and Paraguay in tea bags to be drunk in a similar way to tea .
Promethium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Pm and atomic number 61 .
In 2007 , the band released their second German album Zimmer 483 and their first English album Scream which have combined album sales of over one million copies worldwide and helped win the band their first MTV Europe Music Award for Best InterAct .
Guerrero would also capitalize on his '' Lie , Cheat , and Steal '' tweener image by brazenly using illegal tactics behind the referee 's back to win matches on occasion .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
Most Chinese living in northern and south-western China are native speakers of a dialect of Mandarin .
Tracey Ullman ( born on December 30 , 1959 ) is an award winning English stage and television actress , comedienne , singer with Top 10 hits , dancer , screenwriter and author .
In spite of their enormous size , baleen whales are able to leap completely out of the water .
At home in Haworth Parsonage , Charlotte and the other living children namely Branwell , Emily and Anne began writing the lives and struggles of the dwellers of their imaginary kingdoms .
In a severe chordee , the urethra can develop between the penis and the scrotum .
The state 's capital is Lincoln and its largest city is Omaha .
Elbridge Thomas Gerry ( ; July 17 , 1744 - November 23 , 1814 ) was an American statesman and diplomat . As a Democratic-Republican he was selected as the fifth Vice President of the United States ( 1813-1814 ) , serving under James Madison , until his death a year and a half into his term .
The 154 megawatt ( MW ) , A$ 420 million , project will generate 270,000 MWh per year , enough for more than 45,000 homes .
History In 1222 , Cordes received its charter to become a '' bastide '' ( fortified town ) from the Count of Toulouse .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
President Rafael Trujillo reconstructed the city and named it Ciudad Trujillo after himself .
The first European to visit Melville Island was the British explorer Sir William Parry in 1819 .
In 1999 , Monroe was ranked as the sixth greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute .
An area of low pressure became stationary in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for several days at the beginning of November .
The Royal Opera House is an opera house and major performing arts venue in Covent Garden , central London .
Ariel Winter ( born May 4 , 1998 ) is an American child actress .
Marsimik La is 4 k west of the sharp 6000 t ridgeline forming the line of actual control .
The Vice Principal is Phor Hoay Guan .
An early improvement was the development of a movable carriage , also water powered , to move the log steadily through the saw blade .
It is called a pseudocereal to emphasize that it is not related to wheat .
He was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment by Mr Justice Potts .
The main point of attraction is the castle belonging to the Count Solms-Laubach family .
In 1994 , the two districts of Burg and Genthin were merged , and re-adopted the historical name of Jerichow .
The northern part of the continent , covering much of Siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra .
Charles Miles created the first permanent settlement in what came to be called the Marshall Township . In 1859 , it was split into six towns , Champlin and Dayton .
In 1948 , BR inherited a variety of locomotives and multiple units from the ` Big Four ' railway companies and some smaller concerns .
Grammar Each word in the Ido vocabulary is built from a root word .
Later on , Finlay tossed JBL through a table that he had set up earlier on the turnbuckle .
XVI Japanese master ringtone sales exceeding 500,000 , 750,000 , and 1 million are given the '' Double Platinum '' , '' Triple Platinum '' , and '' 1 million '' awards respectively , not '' Gold '' , '' Platinum '' , or '' Diamond '' .
Those that did , have had to present their accounts as fiction or discover a new means of communication - via weird art , symbols , hieroglyphics , signs which fellow pilgrims alone might recognize .
Several of these musicians were continually employed by her .
Most commonly , heat pumps draw heat from the air or from the ground .
In astronomy , declination ( abbrev .
Omaha 's Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium is home to the Omaha Storm Chasers ( most recently known as the Omaha Royals ) minor-league baseball team ( the AAA affiliate of the Kansas City Royals ) .
Bleach was highly influenced by the Melvins , by the heavy dirge-rock of Mudhoney , 1980s punk rock , the Pixies , and by the 1970s heavy metal of Black Sabbath .
Blake Hall first served September 25 , 1949 ; closed : October 31 , 1981 .
The band released its only album , the self-titled Temple of the Dog , in April 1991 through A&M Records .
The hind legs of some beetles , such as flea beetles ( within Chrysomelidae ) and flea weevils ( within Curculionidae ) , are enlarged and designed for jumping .
First Appearance of Ann Guilbert as Grandma Yetta Rosenberg November 10 , 1993 03 My Fair Nanny Maxwell decides to throw a party to woo a wealthy woman to produce his play .
Bathing is the washing or cleansing of the body in a fluid , usually water or an aqueous solution .
Charles VI , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1711 - 1740 ) .
Life Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr. , the future Attorney General of the United States .
Born into a musical family , he was a child prodigy .
'' Biographical Sketches of the Secretaries of Transportation '' , U.S. Department of Transportation , Office of the Historian .
Raillimont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In 1969 the band went through line-up changes ( Gary Ziegelman on lead vocals , Roger on guitar , Steve on bass , James Cirrello on guitar , Ron Rudge on drums , Ken Hansen on percussion , and Debi Cuidon on vocals ) and a new name , White Heart ( from Tales from the White Hart , a collection of short stories by Arthur C. Clarke ) .
Haileyville is a city in Pittsburg County , Oklahoma , United States .
In the third book , Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban , Rowling uses a time travel premise .
The Eastern Orthodox , Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches may have minor differences in their lists of accepted books .
Abu Nuwas has entered the folkloric tradition , and he appears several times in The Book of One Thousand and One Nights .
Aquamarine is a color that is a pale bright tint of spring green toned toward cyan .
Since the NWS is a government agency , most of its products are in the public domain and available free of charge .
Sled dogs have become a popular winter recreation and sport in North America and Europe ; sled dogs are now found even in such unlikely places as Germany and Japan .
Since 1994 , the Blackhawks have played their home games at the United Center after having spent 65 years playing at Chicago Stadium .
Punch Brothers are a bluegrass band consisting of Chris Thile ( mandolin ) , Gabe Witcher ( fiddle/violin ) , Noam Pikelny ( banjo ) , Chris Eldridge ( guitar ) , and Paul Kowert ( bass ) .
However the two defeat several highwaymen and all is okay .
While opera performances were also held in the Prinzregententheater ( completed in 1901 ) , the company 's home base is the National Theatre Munich on Max-Joseph-Platz .
In Ontario and Nova Scotia , these are local government units , whereas in New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island they are now only geographical divisions .
Another event was the public funeral of Church of Satan member and Naval Officer Edward Olson , at the request of his wife .
A century leap year in the Gregorian calendar is a year that is exactly divisible by 400 ( and , thus , as with every other leap year , qualifies for the intercalation of February 29 ) : other century years ( with number divisible by 100 but not by 400 ) are common years .
The Confederacy of Independent Systems ( also known as the CIS or Seperatists ) was an organization that appeared in the Star Wars movies .
This is the highest population density of any municipality in the Flemish Region ( Flanders ) , and second-highest ( to Saint-Nicolas ) outside the Brussels-Capital Region .
Attin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
Towards the end of 1997 , Glory to the Brave was released in Japan and the United States .
The name Pidgin was chosen in reference to the term '' pidgin '' , which describes communication between people who do not share a common language .
Source Mage GNU/Linux A source code-based distribution , descended from Sorcerer .
Northwest or north west is the ordinal direction halfway between north and west on a compass .
The website was awarded Online Magazine Of The Year in 1999 and 2001 ; Anthony Thornton was awarded Website Editor Of The Year on three occasions - 2001 and 2002 ( British Society Of Magazine Editors ) and 2002 ( Periodical Publishers Association ) .
Their 1st studio album , Disorder , was released on October 13 and made it to the top 5 of the indies Oricon Daily Charts .
After the fall of Saipan , the Japanese high command predicted that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines , which were strategically important because of their location between the oilfields of Southeast Asia and Japan .
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter , often with slightly nippled ends , and is usually sold quite green , although it yellows as it reaches full ripeness .
Pete Geren March 9 , 2007 - September 21 , 2009 George W. Bush , Barack Obama
HRH Prince William of WalesB ( b 1982 ) son of The Prince of Wales
The escalators in Underground stations include some of the longest in Europe and all are custom-built .
He writes in French , and his works have been translated into many languages .
The class were originally built in 2008 for operation on the Stourbridge Town Branch Line following an extensive trial with a prototype registered as a Class 999 unit .
Destiny Fulfilled has sold over three million copies in the US , and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on January 14 , 2005 .
Once in office , these individuals maintain direct contact with the Queen , wherever she may be at the time .
That morning , the increased shear combined with cooler sea surface temperatures weakened Melissa to a tropical depression with a poorly-defined surface center , as it continued to move west-northwest at a slightly faster pace .
These were the Umbrians , living in small fortified settlements on high ground .
In 1995 , at the invitation of Cardinal Basil Hume , the cathedral was visited by HM The Queen , the first visit of a reigning monarch of the United Kingdom to a Catholic liturgy for several hundred years .
'' slapping Kama Sutra
He is currently the Executive Adviser to Ken Holland , the general manager of the Detroit Red Wings .
Laureano Bisan-Etame Mayer ( born 19 January 1977 in Kribi ) , commonly known as Lauren , is a retired Cameroonian footballer of Equatoguinean origin , who formely played for the Cameroonian national team .
Dean was rehearsing a new band in a warehouse with a friend of Reno 's and Mike had stopped by to jam .
Netbooks ( sometimes also called mini notebooks or ultraportables ) are a branch of subnotebooks , a rapidly evolving category of small , lightweight , and inexpensive laptop computers suited for general computing and accessing Web-based applications ; they are often marketed as '' companion devices '' , i.e. , to augment a user 's other computer access .
It is also used of a split within a non-religious organization or movement or , more broadly , of a separation between two or more people , be it brothers , friends , lovers , etc./O.
Execution by electrocution ( usually referred to as the electric chair or simply the Chair after its method of implementation ) is an execution method originating in the United States in which the person being killed is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body .
Gordon Chisholm ( born 8 April 1960 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional football former player and manager .
The remaining track was lifted by June 1936 , and in September , surviving loco Lew was shipped to Brazil .
Another was Lothar Meyer , who published a paper in 1864 describing 28 elements .
Steven James '' Steve '' Sidwell ( born 14 December 1982 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aston Villa in the Premier League .
Usually each character in the keystream is either added , subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext , using modular arithmetic .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
Between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the Slovenian Democratic Party 's internal Committee for Education Policies . He resigned in 2008 because of disagreements over the Government 's policy favoring private universities .
She later would play televised '' Battle of the Sexes '' matches with Rudolph Wanderone a\/k\/a Minnesota Fats in 1977 , Ray Martin in 1979 and with Steve Mizerak in 1986 .
April 7 & ndash ; Frederick I , Duke of Lorraine
Roger Milla ( born Albert Roger Mooh Miller , May 20 , 1952 ) is a Cameroonian former football forward .
Tabor contributed one song to Ashley Hutchings ' project Street Cries ( 2001 ) and one to a collection of folk musicians singing songs by the Beatles - Rubber Folk ( 2006 ) .
NBA Live 10 is the 2009 installment in the NBA Live series , developed and published by Electronic Arts .
Estimated to cost $ 5 million to produce , Dreams Come True was Disney 's top selling animated sequel that year , grossing approximately $ 120 million in direct-to-DVD sales , but the film itself was met with a mainly mixed to negative response from fans and critics alike .
Super Smash Bros. was released for the Virtual Console in Japan on January 20 , 2009 , and in Europe on June 12 , 2009 .
Ice-nine is a fictional material appearing in Kurt Vonnegut 's novel Cat 's Cradle .
It derives its resonance from sympathetic strings , a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber .
It was formed when the Eurasian Plate slid under an ancient chain of volcanic islands on the neighboring Philippine Sea Plate .
Soon after Purcell 's marriage , in 1682 , on the death of Edward Lowe , he was appointed organist of the Chapel Royal , an office which he was able to hold simultaneously with his position at Westminster Abbey .
December 22 -- Vitellius is captured and murdered by the Gemonian stairs .
Katie Liu Leung ( ; born 8 August 1987 ) is a Scottish actress , best known for playing Cho Chang in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince .
This is due to the pronunciation of the village 's name being .
He soon embarked on his second opera : Ruslan and Lyudmila .
Stratford , Warwick , and Kenilworth all house 20,000-25 ,000 inhabitants , while the smaller towns of Atherstone , Alcester , Coleshill , Southam , Bulkington , Polesworth , Kingsbury , Henley-in-Arden , Studley , Shipston .
Notable parody versions include '' Weird Al '' Yankovic 's , who recorded a parody of '' Bad '' , entitling his version '' Fat '' in 1988 for his album Even Worse .
It is a member of Australia 's '' Group of Eight '' lobby group , the Universitas 21 and Association of Pacific Rim Universities networks , and is colloquially known as a sandstone university .
Here young Bitzius grew up , receiving his early education and consorting with the boys of the village , as well as helping his father to cultivate his glebe .
The target audience are sysops and higher , ambassadors , board members of the chapters
With no NFL teams willing to give him a chance , Warner turned to the Arena Football League in 1995 and signed with the Iowa Barnstormers .
Elective monarchy can practically function as a hereditary monarchy , for example in case of eligibility being limited to members of one family ( or even further , if allowed by the rules of precedence in the election ) . This has happened historically , usually slowly , in many past elective monarchies .
She started off from the age of 13 by singing other singers ' songs .
In spite of a shower of bullets and spears , the three made it to Forbes , but the battle raging there was just as intense as the one they had left , and there was no hope of anyone reaching Wilson in time .
Established in 1945 by the UN Charter , the Court began work in 1946 as the successor to the Permanent Court of International Justice .
The 2006 Hengchun earthquake occurred on Tuesday December 26 , 2006 at 12:25 UTC ( 20:25 local time ) , with an epicenter off the southwest coast of Taiwan , approximately 22.8 km west southwest of Hengchun , Pingtung County , Taiwan , with an exact hypocenter 21.9 km deep in the Luzon Strait , which connects the South China Sea with the Philippine Sea .
Often , gum chewing can be bad for you , because it can rot your teeth .
In 2006 , the Supreme Court of India in a judgment in the Prakash Singh vs. Union of India case , ordered central and state governments with seven directives to begin the process of police reform .
Thin wafers are of particular importance since there has been a silicon shortage in recent years .
Mary tries out anyway , and when she goes to sign up , a stereotypical cheerleader , Evian Carrie Graham ( Elaine Hendrix ) , gets in a fight with her .
Alexander '' Killer '' Kaleta ( November 29 , 1919 -- July 9 , 1987 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player . He played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers and is best known for his part in originating hockey 's hat trick tradition .
ICDO =
Giro di Romagna , ( 1946 , 1947 , 1949 )
, Canons and Canonic Techniques , 14th-16th Centuries : Theory , Practice , and Reception History .
In the English language , the question mark ( ? )
In total , Camille killed 259 people and caused $ 1.42 billion ( 1969 USD , $ USD ) in damages .
History Marne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The authors ' say that nuclear power and clean coal are not clean technologies .
It lures unwary travellers into the desert wastes to slay and devour them .
Tai chi chuan ( literal translation '' Supreme Ultimate Fist '' ) is an internal Chinese martial art practiced for both its defense training and its health benefits .
People from Eastern Canada , England , and Europe first settled Benito around the turn of the century . In 1905 , the Canadian National Railway went through and the hamlet of Benito slowly grew and was incorporated as a village in 1941 .
The joker of the group , Sokka describes himself as '' meat-loving '' and '' sarcastic '' .
Yohei Kurakawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kashiwa Reysol .
All races were sanctioned by the AAA ( as were the Indianapolis 500 races up through 1955 ) .
Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
The 1903 Works of Henry Fielding , edited by G. H. Maynadier , included only the first two acts .
James Monroe ( April 28 , 1758 - July 4 , 1831 ) was the fifth President of the United States ( 1817 - 1825 ) .
Ocelli ( pit-type eyes of arthropods ) blur the image across the whole retina , and are consequently excellent at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field -- this fast response is further accelerated by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain .
For over 40 years , he has recorded over 1200 songs for Japanese film , television , video and video games .
One fifth of the population in the eastern part of Switzerland lived from the textile industry .
png
February 26 & ndash ; Battle of Benevento : The army of Charles , Count of Anjou , defeats a combined German and Sicilian force led by King Manfred of Sicily .
In football , R Charleroi SC and ROC Charleroi have finished once second in the Belgian First Division .
They have released two albums so far , Colour It In , with a follow-up , Wall of Arms , released on 4th May 2009 .
Glennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Literature written by citizens of other nations such as Belgium , Switzerland , Canada , Senegal , Algeria , Morocco , etc. is referred to as Francophone literature .
The entry of the pit lane , which begins at the penultimate corner of the 23-turn layout , was deemed to be '' difficult and incredibly dangerous '' by several drivers due to the fast nature of the corners where they were situated .
It is not determined by area , but is created by relationships that involve a high level of personal commitment to , involvement with , or dependence upon a person , subject , idea , tradition , or organization .
His nephew , Roberto Abbado , ( the son of his brother Marcello , born 1926 , who is a composer and pianist ) is also a conductor .
The members were Jesse F. Keeler on bass , synths , backing vocals and Sebastien Grainger on vocals , drums .
Small pieces , normally roughly cubic , of stone or glass of different colors , known as tesserae , ( diminutive tessellae ) , are used to create a pattern or picture .
British Malaya loosely described a set of states on the Malay Peninsula and the Island of Singapore that were brought under British control between the 18th and the 20th centuries . Unlike the term '' British India '' , which excludes the Indian princely states , British Malaya is often used to refer to the Malay States under indirect British rule as well as the Straits Settlements that were under the sovereignty of the British Crown .
Kyocera Arena at Atlético paranaense 's official website The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense .
While more stringent measures were being organized , Major Battye and Captain Urmston and some sepoys of the Fifth Gurkhas were surprised and killed by Gujar dependants of the Akazai .
For more meanings , see Drumstick ( disambiguation ) .
The cytosol consists mostly of water , dissolved ions , small molecules , and large water-soluble molecules ( such as proteins ) .
Occupying the northern third of the island of Great Britain , it shares a border with England to the south and is bounded by the North Sea to the east , the Atlantic Ocean to the north and west , and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the southwest .
The name '' allspice '' was coined as early as 1621 by the English , who thought it combined the flavor of cinnamon , nutmeg and cloves .
Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami ( , Bangladesh Islamic Assembly ) , previously known as Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh ( a.k.a ` Jamaat ' ) , is a far-right Islamist political party in Bangladesh .
As Paka moved westward , dry air and wind shear disrupted its development until it crossed the dateline on December 6 .
The Fly ( George Langelaan ) , a 1957 short story by George Langelaan , the basis of The Fly films
Bruno Mora ( born March 29 , 1937 in Parma ; died December 10 , 1986 in Parma ) was an Italian football player and coach .
Although not typically built with strong fortifications as castles were , many manor-houses were partly fortified : they were enclosed within walls or ditches that often included the farm buildings as well .
Their hats were especially distinctive ; made of cloth , they were floppy with three points ( liliripes ) , each of which had a jingle bell at the end .
Houlle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Leonard Albert '' Lenny '' Kravitz ( born May 26 , 1964 ) is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , and arranger whose '' retro '' style incorporates elements of rock , soul , funk , reggae , hard rock , psychedelic , folk and ballads .
Shunsuke Iwanuma is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
Overview It was contested by 13 teams , and SK Rapid Wien won the championship .
The parish contains a wildlife park , a nature reserve , Shepreth L-Moor , and one of the UK 's only insect research laboratories .
The origin of the Indonesian name Krakatau is uncertain .
Enrico Fermi ( 29 September 1901 - 28 November 1954 ) was an Italian-American physicist particularly known for his work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , Chicago Pile-1 , and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory , nuclear and particle physics , and statistical mechanics .
Consequently Zilog has made less than 50 % of the Z80s since its conception .
Talence is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
However , they do have several characters in common .
The Secretary of the Army is nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate , the Secretary of the Army is a non-Cabinet position serving under the Secretary of Defense .
While tracheostomy may have possibly been portrayed on ancient Egyptian tablets , '' Tracheostomy : Evolution of an Airway , '' Steven E. Sittig and James E. Pringnitz , AARC Times , February 2001 .
'' Boulevard of Broken Dreams '' is a song by American punk rock band Green Day . It was released as the second single from their seventh album , American Idiot .
There are fewer other expatriates than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai .
Muhammad returned to God and several times asked for , and was granted a reduction of five prayers , until the number was reduced to five in total , with the blessing that if they were properly performed , the performers would be credited with fifty prayers instead of five .
Too smart to kill .
Lactic acid was refined for the first time by the Swedish chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1780 from sour milk .
Queens is connected to the Bronx by the Bronx Whitestone Bridge , the Throgs Neck Bridge , the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Bridge and the Hell Gate Bridge .
They are usually nocturnal seed-eaters .
Direct parody of Oddjob in the Bond movie Goldfinger but throws a shoe instead of a steel-brimmed bowler hat ; the ineffectuality of this is addressed directly by Austin .
Under the Wells family , The American Optical Company ( '' AO '' ) became the world 's largest manufacturer of ophthalmic products , and at its height employed more than 6,000 people around the world .
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died , while a man whose spouse has died is a widower .
In 2004 , Kellogg 's introduced a recipe containing a third less sugar .
Maratha , Santalaris and Aloda massacre , refers to the massacre of Turkish Cypriots by EOKA B on 14 August 1974 in the villages of Maratha , Santalaris and Aloda .
The first digital issue of the magazine 's weekly companion publication , EGMi , was released on April 27 , 2010 and featured a Final Fantasy cover story .
A touchdown is the primary method of scoring in American and Canadian football .
Although it is more complicated and not as smooth as the inline 6 , the V6 is more compact , more rigid , and less prone to torsional vibrations in the crankshaft .
From 1998 to 2005 , Herbert Blomstedt held the same position , and they in turn made several recordings for the Decca label .
Using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly ( for example , by blocking a part of a microbe that is essential for its invasion and survival ) .
The United Arab Emirates is divided into seven emirates . Abu Dhabi is the most populated Emirate with 38 % of the UAE population .
In mathematical numeral systems , the base or radix is usually the number of unique digits , including zero , that a positional numeral system uses to represent numbers .
Cape Town is the second-most populous city in South Africa , and the largest in land area , forming part of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality . It is the provincial capital and primate city of the Western Cape , as well as the legislative capital of South Africa , where the National Parliament and many government offices are located .
The resulting creatures are a powerful race bent on universal conquest and domination , utterly without pity , compassion or remorse .
Avenel was the hometown of Ned Kelly in his younger years , where he saved a boy from drowning in the local Hughes Creek .
The foundations of the Set and Nephthys temples at Sepermeru finally were discovered and identified in the 1980s , and the Nephthys temple was no mere chapel -- rather , it was a notable , self-sustaining temple complex within the Set enclosure ` Les Deesses de l'Egypte Pharaonique ' , R. LaChaud , 1992 , Durocher-Champollion .
The LRTA publishes the monthly magazine Tramways & Urban Transit ( formerly Modern Tramway ) , and is based in the United Kingdom but with an international membership and remit .
Shyok River , a tributary of the Indus River , originates from the Rimo Glacier , one of the tongues of Siachen Glacier .
Non-waivable Compulsory License Schemes .
He was married three times : 1st to Black Buffalo Woman , 2nd to Black Shawl , and 3rd to Nellie Larrabee ( Laravie ) .
The Appomattox Courthouse is the current courthouse in Appomattox , Virginia built in 1892 . It is located in the middle of the state about three miles ( 5 km ) northwest of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park , once known as Clover Hill - home of the original Old Appomattox Court House .
To this end a program named '' CNR '' was developed : based on Debian 's Advanced Packaging Tool , it provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee .
A live version of '' Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger '' was released as a single from the album Alive 2007 on 15 October 2007 .
Tibor Sekelj collaborated on a dictionary in 20 languages about museology , Dictionarium Museologicum , appearing in 1986 .
Tim Staffell Biography May also performed several other songs that night .
The blood is pumped by three separate hearts : two branchial hearts pump blood to the cuttlefish 's pair of gills ( one heart for each ) , and the third pumps blood around the rest of the body .
Ebbe Sand ( born July 19 , 1972 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who most notably played as a striker for FC Schalke 04 in Germany .
She was chosen at the end of a five month search throughout the United States for the lead role of Alice , playing with Juliette Lewis in the film That Night .
'' Nobody 's Home '' is a '' rock ballad '' with post-grunge oriented sounds and is generally slower paced than her previous singles from Under My Skin .
The site started as an extension of the already existing eHow website , and has evolved to host over 80,000 how-to articles .
The Scottish Tramway and Transport Society was founded on 27 June 1951 .
It is therefore a more specific form of the term reflectivity .
Eastern wanted a third engine for its overwater flights to the Caribbean , since at that time twin-engined commercial flights were limited by regulations to routes with 60-minute maximum flying time to an airport ( see ETOPS\/LROPS ) .
Extreme , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Living Colour , Jane 's Addiction , Prince , Primus , Fishbone , Faith No More , Infectious Grooves , Incubus and Rage Against the Machine spread the approach and styles garnered from funk pioneers to new audiences in the mid-to-late 1980s and the 1990s .
Movia trains are on order for the London Underground ( designated S Stock ) , Toronto Subway ( designated Toronto Rocket ) , and Delhi Metro .
Some destinations include : Bandar Seri Begawan , Shenzhen , Seoul , Shanghai , Guangzhou , Hong Kong , Macau , Manila , Cebu , Singapore , Taipei , Kaohsiung , and other cities , both within and outside of Malaysia .
Fray is an eight-issue comic book limited series , a futuristic spin-off of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
After these compulsory elements , the next host nation briefly introduces itself with artistic displays of dance and theater representative of its culture .
Odori grew out of Kabuki drama and is more oriented toward male sentiments .
The current series editor for The O. Henry Prize Stories is Laura Furman .
Central Plateau The Central Plateau runs from north to south , bordered by the Skeleton Coast to the northwest , the Namib Desert and its coastal plains to the southwest , the Orange River to the south , and the Kalahari Desert to the east .
Vehicles from Dunearn Road that travel via Scotts Road can also turn left into Orchard Road at the Marriott Hotel junction .
This album contains some of the band 's best-known songs , including the title track , '' It 's a Long Way to the Top ( If You Wan/Ona Rock 'n' Roll ) '' , '' The Jack '' , '' Rocker '' , and '' High Voltage '' .
The history of Europe describes the passage of time from humans inhabiting the European continent to the present day .
Thammasat University ( ; ) is Thailand 's second oldest university .
A sonatina is literally a small sonata .
February 11 - Penumbral lunar eclipse
July 15 -- James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth , illegitimate son of Charles II of England ( beheaded ) ( b. 1649 )
On December 3 , 2006 , Iran temporarily blocked access to YouTube , along with several other sites , after declaring them as violating social and moral codes of conduct .
Coaffee (/O2004/O) , p. 201 ( pdf p. 2 ) first paragraph .
Ayette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Because of their reckless behavior , Charizard are also known to unintentionally cause wildfires .
When the two teams meet it is known as the ` East Anglian derby ' , or , informally , as the ` Old Farm derby ' , a comic reference to the ` Old Firm Derby ' played between Scottish teams Celtic and Rangers .
Gameplay Wii Sports Resort is set in a beach resort on an island called Wuhu Island , which is also featured in Wii Fit , where twelve different sports are available to play .
Forms of bigotry may have a related ideology or world views .
It is about 326 km across , 1/5 of Titania 's diameter .
First-generation technologies , which are already mature and economically competitive , include biomass , hydroelectricity , geothermal power and heat . Second-generation technologies are market-ready and are being deployed at the present time ; they include solar heating , photovoltaics , wind power , solar thermal power stations , and modern forms of bioenergy .
William Jay '' Bill '' Bowerman ( February 19 , 1911 -- December 24 , 1999 ) was an American track and field coach and co-founder of Nike , Inc. .
Overview It was contested by 16 teams , and Monrovia Black Star Football Club won the championship .
Unlike the Hilda asteroids whose eccentricity is fairly typical of main belt asteroids , Thule has a very low eccentricity -- actually much lower than that of Jupiter itself and only slightly higher than that of Earth .
His novels and poetry are still read , and many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature .
The key concept of OoO processing is to allow the processor to avoid a class of stalls that occur when the data needed to perform an operation are unavailable .
While FSF was never a party to the lawsuit , FSF was subpoenaed on November 5 , 2003 .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
It has been shown that snake venom evolved via a process by which a gene encoding for a normal body protein , typically one involved in key regulatory processes or bioactivity , is duplicated , and the copy is selectively expressed in the venom gland .
On January 1 , 2006 Duffel had a total population of 16,019 .
He was born at Murrumburrah near Yass , New South Wales .
Theories which are very well supported by data and have never failed any competent empirical test are often called scientific laws , or natural laws .
The ball can be advanced by carrying it ( a running play ) or by throwing it to a teammate ( a passing play ) .
Its widely watched series finale was broadcast on May 20 , 1993 .
President Washington appointed Lee the Attorney General after William Bradford died in office .
Parti Québécois and national unity In 1977 , the newly elected Parti Québécois government of René Lévesque introduced the Charter of the French Language .
Some of his work still survives today , more so than in the case of any other Presocratic philosopher .
It covers Northumberland , County Durham , Tyne and Wear , and Tees Valley ( including parts of North Yorkshire ) .
The opera received its premiere at the Covent Garden Theatre , London on 14 May 1923 .
Due to the severe damage and loss of life caused by Luis in the Lesser Antilles , the name was retired in the spring of 1996 , and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
This is a non-exhaustive list of football clubs in Argentina with the current 20 first division teams , and those of the following 6 divisions .
One specific example is the change from wearing traditional Chinese garb to a distinct clothing style that combined the simple clothing of the common people .
Since the 8th century Empoli consolidated as a town around the castle , known as Emporium or Empolis .
Before this time larger houses were more often than not fortified , reflecting the position of their owners as feudal lords , de facto overlords of their manor .
Caesars is located on the west side of the Strip , between the Bellagio and the Mirage .
Almond ( color ) , a color that is a creamy off-white brown .
Instead they are soaked with baking soda , then ground together with various ingredients including onion , parsley , sesame seeds , and spices such as cumin and coriander .
Magnetic tape is a medium for magnetic recording , made of a thin magnetizable coating on a long , narrow strip of plastic . It was developed in Germany , based on magnetic wire recording .
The first recorded use of the word ` purple ' in English was in the year AD 975 .
In response , the Western Allies organized the Berlin Airlift to carry supplies to the people in West Berlin .
O'Connor was born in Katy , Texas , to Walter and Sandra O'Connor .
The iridophores reflect blue and green light .
The municipality key consists of five digits in Austria , which are generated as follows : The first digit designates the number of the Austrian state , the second and third digits designate the district , and the fourth and fifth digits designate the municipality .
The tool is by default included in all releases after Ubuntu 8.04 , and can be installed on Ubuntu 8.04 .
Amaterasu heard them , and peered out to see what all the fuss was about .
History The first Reformed churches were established in Europe in the 1500s , in the wake of the Protestant Reformation .
Ringsurf.com , Linkin Park Awards Retrieved on April 4 , 2007 Linkin Park also received significant recognition during the 2004 Radio Music Awards , winning the Artist of the Year and Song of the Year ( '' Numb '' ) awards .
His last Chicago session was in 1951 , his 1952-54 recording sessions for Victor were held at radio station WGST in Atlanta , Georgia .
Eintracht Braunschweig is a German football club based in Braunschweig , Lower Saxony .
Joule 's second law states that the internal energy of an ideal gas is independent of its volume and pressure , depending only on its temperature .
Some modern reference works of history call Keitai just as King Ohoto of Koshi .
The largest linguistic groups in South India include the Telugus , Tamils , Kannadigas , Malayalis , Tuluvas , Kodavas and Konkanis .
The night before the priest died , he said in a soft voice ; '' O death ... , O holy death ... , come ... , do come !
He likes his black and white furry top hat , which he once lost and later found .
Normally , the Archbishop of Canterbury performs coronations , but the incumbent Archbishop , William Sancroft , although an Anglican , refused to recognize the validity of James II 's removal .
One , the Venus of Berekhat Ram , was discovered on the Golan Heights ; the other , the Venus of Tan-Tan , in Morocco .
It was founded in 1842 by Methodist leaders and Central Ohio residents as a nonsectarian institution , and is a member of the Ohio Five -- a consortium of Ohio liberal arts colleges .
After Hargreaves 's death in 1988 , his son Adam Hargreaves began writing and illustrating new stories , including four characters that R. Hargreaves had developed before his death .
The second use integrated microchips into all French Carte Bleue debit cards in 1992 .
John Sidney McCain III ( born August 29 , 1936 ) is the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
The season officially started on May 15 , 2003 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 , 2003 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 2003 .
Villepail is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is a lively and uninhibited variation of the Jitterbug , a form of Swing dance .
A theoretician in communication theory and radical constructivism , he has commented in the fields of family therapy and general psychotherapy .
Medicine development and safety testing Development of medication is a vital concern to medicine , but also has strong economical and political implications .
Sandford Fleming , a Canadian , proposed Standard Time at a meeting of the Royal Canadian Institute on February 8 , 1879 .
Gino Severini ( 7 April 1883 -- 26 February 1966 ) , was an Italian painter and a leading member of the Futurist movement .
The desired output is mechanical work , W _ { out } , , or heat , Q _ { out } , , or possibly both .
Thus it will dissolve readily in a dilute solution of a strong acid , such as HCl , and also in a solution of an alkali such as sodium hydroxide .
He also argued for stronger action to be used against China .
They tend to be found in arid habitats where they feed on seeds , vegetation , and insects ( Nowak , 1999 ) .
Note that during the act of writing an object , a RAID storage device will usually be writing all redundant copies of the object in parallel , although overlapped or staggered writes are more common when a single RAID processor is responsible for multiple drives .
Receiving a scholarship to study conducting with famous Austrian conductor , Herbert von Karajan , Ozawa moved to West Berlin .
Hancock is a city in Pottawattamie County , Iowa , United States , along the West Nishnabotna River .
He is the son of the Titan Iapetus and Clymene ( or Asia ) , and brother of Prometheus .
In addition to mood disorders , individuals may exhibit manic behavior as a result of drug intoxication ( notably stimulants such as cocaine or methamphetamine ) , medication side effects ( notably steroids ) , or malignancy .
the price of a Big Mac was # 2.29 in the United Kingdom ( Britain ) ( Varies by region )
The name Rada ( ) means '' council '' .
Numerous species have an operculum , which in many species acts as a trapdoor to close the shell .
Several important export crops faced similar losses , including 85 % of banana , 60 % of sugar cane , 29 % of melons , 28 % of African palms , and 18 % of coffee .
The main advantage of Zero Install over more popular packaging systems is that no root password is needed to install software ; packages can be installed in system locations writable by that user .
Lee was born in Daegu , the hub of Korea 's main conservative party . He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu , where he spent much of his time in the theater , writing and directing plays .
The SM-65 Atlas was a missile designed by the Air Force Ballistic Missile Division and built by the Convair Division of General Dynamics .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Cerezo Osaka .
July is the seventh month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
In 1885 , he married Ellen Louise Axson , the daughter of a minister from Rome , Georgia .
He was one of Walt Disney 's team of animators known as the Nine Old Men .
The album 's lead single , '' SexyBack '' , was performed by Timberlake at the opening of the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards and reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 , where it remained for seven consecutive weeks .
Also hadith literature prohibits beasts having sharp canine teeth , birds having claws and talons in their feet , Jallalah ( animals whose meat carries a stink in it because they feed on filth ) , tamed donkeys , and any piece cut from a living animal .
Stanislav Varga ( born 8 October 1972 in Lipany ) is a former football player from Slovakia .
As of 2009 , over 145,000 people live within the city 's area .
Lafontaine was the SPD 's candidate for Chancellor in the German federal election of 1990 following the reunification of Germany .
The Castle was Eric Bana 's first film .
Players on one team ( the batting team ) take turns hitting against the pitcher of the other team ( the fielding team ) , which tries to stop them from scoring runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways .
Parmigiana is also used as an adjective in the names of other unrelated dishes from Parma cuisine , such as Trippa alla Parmigiana ( Parma-style tripe ) .
In Chinese , the region is known as '' Inner Mongolia '' , where the terms of '' Inner\/Outer '' are derived from Manchu dorgi\/tulergi .
Intel Core is a brand name used for various mid-range to high-end consumer and business microprocessors .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Robert Wilson ( born on February 27 , 1980 ) , better known by his stage name Bobby Valentino , or Bobby V is an American R&B singer ( his nickname being '' Valentino '' because he was due to be born on Valentine 's day ) .
Rodney Yoder Page Moreover , while a criminal imprisonment has a predetermined time of end that could be anticipated , patients are typically committed to psychiatric hospitals for indefinite durations .
This book was originally the second half of Xenocide , before that book was split into two novels .
The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 revolved around 4 Core Concepts or Axis .
Participants would dance under the brightest full moon of the year in order to bring about a good harvest .
An alcoholic beverage is a drink that contains ethanol ( commonly called alcohol ) .
There has been only one update to the Mark I seen on screen so far , the Mark II played by Andy Dick in the episode '' '' , which supposedly had a '' better '' bedside manner than the Mark I , as well as possibly some updated medical information .
History In the first century BC , present-day Martigny was an oppidum or vicus of a Celtic tribe , the Veragri .
The city also houses India 's Hindi ( Bollywood ) and Marathi film and television industry .
Mithril is a fictional metal from J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth fantasy writings .
Similar to the Medieval recorders , and unlike the Baroque style recorders typically used today , Renaissance recorders have a wide , more or less cylindrical bore . They have powerful low notes ( much more so than the Baroque recorders ) .
One of the best-known tracks on the album is '' Heroin '' , a song that details an individual 's use of the drug and the experience of feeling its effects .
Provinces table The table below shows all provinces with their capitals and the region in which they are located .
Ayyavazhi 's rapid growth throughout its first century of existence was noted by Christian missionary reports from the mid-19th century .
Eugene O'Keefe ( 10 December 1827 -- 1 October 1913 ) , baptized Owen Keeffe , was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist .
Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel ( February 16 , 1834 - August 9 , 1919 ) , also written von Haeckel , was an eminent German biologist , naturalist , philosopher , physician , professor and artist who discovered , described and named thousands of new species , mapped a genealogical tree relating all life forms , and coined many terms in biology , including anthropogeny , ecology , phylum , phylogeny , and the kingdom Protista .
In The Romanov Prophecy , a 2004 novel by Steve Berry , the wounded Anastasia and Alexei are rescued by guards and spirited away to the United States , where they live under assumed names with a family of loyalists paid by Felix Yusupov .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale : Circular Reasoning or Reliable Tools ?
William Parry Murphy ( Stoughton , Wisconsin , February 6 , 1892 -- October 9 , 1987 ) was an American physician who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1934 with George Richards Minot and George Hoyt Whipple for their combined work in devising and treating macrocytic anemia ( specifically , pernicious anemia ) .
The link between one amino acid residue and the next is called an amide bond or a peptide bond .
Patuakhali ( ) is a district in South-western Bangladesh .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger ( , ; born July 30 , 1947 ) is an Austrian American bodybuilder , actor , businessman , and politician , currently serving as the 38th Governor of the state of California .
This commission will also visit the candidate cities , interviewing local officials and inspecting prospective venue sites , and submit a report on its findings one month prior to the IOC 's final decision .
She released her second album , ' , two years later in 2006 ; and it spawned the hit '' Like a Boy '' and US hits '' Get Up '' and '' Promise '' .
Wildenfels is a municipality in Germany , Landkreis Zwickau in the administrative region of Chemnitz , the Free State of Saxony .
An ordinary astronomical black hole does not have a convenient holographic description , because it has a Hawking temperature .
In this Progressive mode , she was 30 years old when she returned to Seattle to live with her father , then pastor of Queen Anne Congregational Church .
The monarch must be a Protestant at the time of accession , and enter into communion with the Church of England after accession .
Multiple unit classes are treated differently , because an attempt has been made to give units working within the same region or sector unique identifiers ( for more information see British Rail Regional Multiple Unit Numbering ) .
It is analogous to the area moment of inertia , which characterizes an object 's ability to resist bending and is required to calculate displacement .
There is not yet a consensus as to which of these groups should count as separate species and which as subspecies .
In some varieties , the pouch may be fitted with a pocket to hold an impact-resistant cup to protect the genitals from injury .
He has frequently collaborated with his writing partner Al Jean as a writer for The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson , and as writers/producers for many episodes of The Simpsons .
Adam Birch ( born July 18 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler .
An emission nebula is a cloud of ionized gas emitting light of various colors .
The city is controlled by the Army , and the tourists feel fully secured .
It was a polytheistic religion , worshipping a number of different deities .
When Eliza won the reward challenge , she received her own car , and the castaways who finished second and third in the challenge were able to join her at a spa retreat .
The cosmic rays that arise in extrasolar astrophysical sources are primary cosmic rays ; these primary cosmic rays can interact with interstellar matter to create secondary cosmic rays . The Sun also emits low energy cosmic rays associated with solar flares .
Rutland Boughton ( Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire January 23 , 1878 & ndash ; London , January 25 , 1960 ) was an English composer who became well known in the early 20th century as a composer of opera and choral music .
Divorced in 1978 , he remarried in 1979 .
Firestone was originally based in Akron , Ohio , also the hometown of its archrival , Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company .
He is not related to Ivan Leko .
Alternative culture , a variety of subcultures existing along the fringes of mainstream culture
Child sexual abuse occurs in the production of child pornography when sexual acts are photographed , and the effects of the abuse on the child ( and continuing into maturity ) are compounded by the wide distribution and lasting availability of the photographs of the abuse .
The population of the city according to the 2006 census was 87,549 inhabitants , down from a peak of 94,145 inhabitants in 1975 .
Although an individual coin toss or the roll of a die is a random event , if repeated many times the sequence of random events will exhibit certain statistical patterns , which can be studied and predicted .
In 1987 , the office of Alabama Attorney General Don Siegelman issued an opinion in which the Battle Flag derivation is repeated , but concluded that the proper shape is rectangular , as it had been depicted numerous times in official publications and reproductions ; despite this , the flag is still depicted as being square , even in official publications of the U.S. federal government .
He was first elected to parliament as a member of his father 's own Liberal Unionist Party in 1892 , sitting for the seat of East Worcestershire .
Vader loses ground as Luke lands blow after blow ; Luke knocks Vader to the ground and severs his father 's mechanical right hand . With the Emperor ordering Luke to strike Vader down and take his place , Luke glances at his own bionic hand and realizes he 's on the verge of following the same path to the dark side as his father .
In most interpretations of Sharia , conversion by Muslims to other religions or becoming non-religious , is strictly forbidden and is termed apostasy .
Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon .
Twitter stated that the move to OAuth will mean '' increased security and a better experience . ''
The Gallery is situated in the High Street , in a 17th century Grade I Listed Town House and is run by Guildford Borough Council . Its own art collection includes works of Guildford and the surrounding area , and work by Guildford Artists , most notably John Russell R.A. Also run by the borough Council is Guildford Museum .
When she was 30 years old , she began writing for newspapers , documentaries , magazines , and did screen writing .
Ashley Force Hood ( born November 29 , 1982 ) is a funny car drag racer .
Film career After moving to Los Angeles , Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials .
Although Messiah deals with the New Testament story of Christ 's life , a majority of the texts used to tell the story were selected from the Old Testament prophetic books of Isaiah , Haggai , Malachi , and others .
Major record labels caught onto the popularity of '' Galang , '' and M.I.A. eventually signed to XL Recordings .
The Pan American Health Organization 's Award for Excellence in International Health Reporting
Theeran Chinnamalai and his brothers was hanged on English month of July 31 , 1805 .
As a result of the firing , hundreds of people were killed and thousands were injured .
Betulaceae , or the Birch Family , includes six genera of deciduous nut-bearing trees and shrubs , including the birches , alders , hazels , hornbeams and hop-hornbeams , numbering about 130 species .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
colspan = '' 3 '' Leeds United Total
B , R , and S Types B , R , and S thermocouples use platinum or a platinum -- rhodium alloy for each conductor .
Huntsville is named after Revolutionary War veteran John Hunt , the first settler of the land around the Big Spring .
Aberdeen is represented in the Parliament of the United Kingdom by three constituencies : Aberdeen North , Aberdeen South and Gordon , of which the first two are wholly within the Aberdeen City council area while the latter also encompasses a large swathe of Aberdeenshire .
Dark City - 1996-1997
In Giessen , where Kellner worked as district auditor from 1948 to 1950 , the Holocaust Literature Research Unit of the Justus Liebig University of Giessen has established the Kellner Project .
The name potassium comes from the word '' potash '' , Davy (/O1808/O) , p. 32 .
According to this belief , dense materials sank deeper into the ball to form a core ( center ) of dense hot rock .
Suzuka and Fuji were to alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix from 2009 .
The district consists of hilly countryside between the rivers of the Danube and the Iller .
He was also the Chief Demolition Officer on the western side of the Australian continent .
In 1859 , he was called by the Spanish government to depict the campaigns of the Spanish-Moroccan War .
The gray wolf or gray wolf ( Canis lupus ) , often known simply as the wolf , is the largest wild member of the Canidae family .
After the elephant at the Jardin d'acclimatation graced the Christmas table , the two elephants ( Castor and Pollux ) at the Paris ' jardin zoologique were consumed on December 31 , 1870 at Voisin .
However , the more widely known Atlas is a figure from Greek mythology .
Flatbreads such as roti , naan , lavash , sangak , yufka , matzo or matzah , lafa , and tortilla are used in many parts of the world .
Moderato Wisintainer , also known as Moderato ( July 14 , 1902 -- January 31 , 1986 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player ( playing as a striker ) .
Hornswoggle also got involved during the match by hitting JBL with a kendo stick , while later on JBL threw a trash can at him .
They include 298 Baptistina , 422 Berolina , 2093 Genichesk , 2259 Sofievka ( the largest , with a 21 km diameter ) , 2952 Liliputia , 3533 Toyota , 3850 Peltier , 3875 Staehle , 4278 Harvey , 4396 Gressmann , and 4750 Mukai .
In England the most famous examples are the West Window of York Minster with its design based on the Sacred Heart , the extraordinarily rich seven-light East Window at Carlisle Cathedral and the exquisite East window of Selby Abbey .
Veronica Guerin ( 5 July 1959 - 26 June 1996 ) was an Irish crime reporter who was murdered on 26 June 1996 by drug dealers , an event , which alongside the murder of Detective Garda Jerry McCabe three weeks earlier , helped establish the Criminal Assets Bureau .
The film teamed Monroe with Betty Grable and Lauren Bacall , and was directed by Jean Negulesco .
Manga author Toshihiro Ono cited Ash as one of his favorite characters to draw for the series , stating , '' I want to go on a trip with Misty just like him !
During Ramadan , falafel balls are sometimes eaten as part of the iftar , the meal that breaks the daily fast after sunset .
A series of fires in the 1860s and 1870s gutted the downtown area .
In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Harry , Ron , and Hermione leave Hogwarts to complete Dumbledore 's task : to search for and destroy Voldemort 's remaining four Horcruxes , then find and kill the Dark Lord .
CSI : Crime Scene Investigation ( also known as CSI : Las Vegas ) is an American crime drama television series , which premiered on CBS on October 6 , 2000 .
XIII Le cygne ( The Swan )
The others lament Titus in a slow , mournful conclusion to Act I. Act 2 Begins with Annius telling Sextus that Emperor Titus is in fact alive and has just been seen ; in the smoke and chaos , Sextus mistook another for Titus .
Initial predictions by the National Hurricane Center also forecast a motion to the northwest based on consistent model predictions , though , as quoted by forecaster James Franklin , '' The models have also been excellently wrong thus far '' .
Xabier '' Xabi '' Alonso Olano ( ; born 25 November 1981 in Tolosa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish World Cup-winning footballer who currently plays for La Liga club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
While working on the concept for the next Metroid game after Metroid Fusion was released in 2002 , one of the developers for Metroid Fusion suggested that Super Metroid be ported to the Game Boy Advance ; however , Sakamoto decided to port Metroid instead .
Pterosaurs ( , from the Greek , pterosauros , meaning '' winged lizard '' , often referred to as pterodactyls , from the Greek , pterodaktulos , meaning '' winged finger '' ) were flying reptiles of the clade or order Pterosauria .
Conakry was originally settled on tiny Tombo Island and later spread to the neighboring Kaloum Peninsula , a long stretch of land wide .
Moacir Barbosa Nascimento ( 27 March 1921 & ndash ; 8 April 2000 ) was a Brazilian international football goalkeeper whose career spanned 22 years .
It owns two taxable for-profit subsidiaries : the Mozilla Corporation , which employs several Mozilla developers and coordinates releases of the Mozilla Firefox web browser , and Mozilla Messaging , Inc. , which primarily develops the Mozilla Thunderbird email client .
Under the Employment Equity Act , First Nations are a '' designated group '' , along with women , visible minorities , and persons with physical or mental disabilities .
It is a major port city on the Atlantic Ocean located in the Western Area of the country and with a population of 1,070,200 , the city is the economic , financial , and cultural center of Sierra Leone .
John D. Carmack II ( born August 20 , 1970 ) is an American game programmer , and the co-founder of id Software .
D. B. Cooper is the name attributed to a man who hijacked a Boeing 727 aircraft in the United States on November 24 , 1971 , received US$ 200,000 Adjusted for inflation , $ 200,000 in 1971 has the buying power of over $ 1,000,000 in 2008 .
The rotten-to-gathered ratio is ( 1 apple ) \/O/ ( 10 apples ) = 0.1 = 10 % , which is a dimensionless quantity .
If created by a human source , then a source with direct personal knowledge of the events being described .
An owl 's sharp beak and powerful talons allow it to kill its prey before swallowing it whole ( if it is not too big ) .
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
It was there that Takamoto received basic illustration training from a couple of friendly co-internees .
He was a member of the Academy of Esperanto and an honorary member of the World Esperanto Association , writing several books ( essays and novels ) in that language .
The dead bodies of vertebrate animals , insects and humans are sometimes called carcasses .
The Nazko Cone , which last erupted only 7,200 years ago , is the youngest Anahim volcano .
RNA is transcribed from DNA by enzymes called RNA polymerases and is generally further processed by other enzymes .
Though founded in 1887 , under Jack Hyles ' leadership from 1959 & ndash ; 2001 it became one of the megachurches in the United States and during the 1970s had the highest Sunday school attendance of any church in the world .
The Maya civilization participated in long distance trade with many of the other Mesoamerican cultures , including Teotihuacan , the Zapotec and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico , as well as with more distant , non-Mesoamerican groups , for example the Tainos in the Caribbean .
Michif , Mechif or Métchif is a phonetic spelling of the Métis pronunciation of Métif , a variant of Métis .
Xena : Warrior Princess has been credited by many , including Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator Joss Whedon , with blazing the trail for a new generation of female action heroes such as Buffy , Max of Dark Angel , Nikita of La Femme Nikita , Sydney Bristow of Alias , the Charmed Ones of Charmed and the Bride in Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill .
Axial compressors are almost always multi-staged , with the cross-sectional area of the gas passage diminishing along the compressor to maintain an optimum axial Mach number .
On February 10 , 1858 , five years after her death , her husband married Mrs. Caroline Carmichael McIntosh , a wealthy Buffalo widow .
Pogona vitticeps , the Central ( or Inland ) Bearded Dragon , is a species of agamid lizard occurring in a wide range of arid to semi-arid regions of Australia .
McAleese was born in Belfast , becoming the first President to come from Northern Ireland .
In his first works Husserl tries to combine mathematics , psychology and philosophy with a main goal to provide a sound foundation for mathematics .
The award was first presented in 1919 , and is funded by the Society of Arts and Sciences .
Each vehicle has seven different parameters for characteristics : speed , weight , acceleration , handling , drift , off-road , and mini-turbo .
Late on July 18 , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) remarked that a tropical depression was developing , with its convection becoming more concentrated around a circulation ; at 11 p.m. EST on July 18 ( 0300 UTC July 19 ) , it was classified as Tropical Depression Three , about 65 miles ( 105 km ) southeast of Charleston , South Carolina .
Despite his success , Macbeth remains uneasy about the prophecy about Banquo , so Macbeth invites him to a royal banquet where he discovers that Banquo and his young son , Fleance , will be riding out that night .
At the 2006 census , Port Arthur and the surrounding area had a population of 499 .
The wars were important for other reasons , such as the emergence of the longbow as a key weapon in mediaeval warfare .
Arctic Monkeys - '' Love Machine '' ( originally by Girls Aloud )
At mosques that do not have minarets , the adhan is called instead from inside the mosque or somewhere else on the ground .
They have been cited as an influence on many heavy metal musicians and bands .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale TalkOrigins Archive Among the best-known techniques are radiocarbon dating , potassium-argon dating and uranium-lead dating .
The most important process of the funeral ceremony in ancient Egypt was the mummification of the body , which , after prayers and consecration , was put into a sarcophagus enameled and decorated with gold and gems .
He also enjoyed a distinguished career at club level with several major European clubs .
It is also used as food for bees in the production of honey .
Stuyvesant Town- Peter Cooper Village is a large private residential development on the East Side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City , and one of the most iconic and successful post-World War II private housing communities .
Mortally wounded in the fight , V returns to Evey to thank her .
This claw shaped anchor was designed by Peter Bruce from the Isle of Man in the 1970s .
Most notably , alternative metal bands are characterized by heavy guitar riffs ; typically , these riffs have a pronounced experimental edge , including unconventional lyrics , odd time signatures , more syncopation than typical metal , unusual technique , a resistance to conventional approaches to heavy music and an incorporation of a wide range of influences outside of the metal music scene .
It is most often recognized as the place where Germany 's first democratic constitution was signed after the First World War , giving its name to the Weimar Republic period in German politics , of 1918 -- 1933 .
In DNA , thymine ( T ) binds to adenine ( A ) via two hydrogen bonds , thus stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .
For the league 's last season , it would officially change its name to NFL Europa .
The techniques are completed with various throws or joint locks .
Jobs is currently a member of Walt Disney Company 's Board of Directors .
The number of inhabitants increased to 11,600 when , in 1973 , it merged with the former municipalities of Glis and Brigerbad .
The phrase '' dead as a dodo '' means undoubtedly and unquestionably dead , whilst the phrase '' to go the way of the dodo '' means to become extinct or obsolete , to fall out of common usage or practice , or to become a thing of the past .
Located in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains along the banks of the James River , Lynchburg is known as the '' City of Seven Hills '' , '' The Hill City '' and sometimes described as '' A City Unto Itself '' , because of its status as an independent city not located in any county and in reference to the city 's historical avoidance of State and Federal entanglements .
April 18 -- Boleslaw I Chrobry is crowned as the first king of Poland .
In 1897 Father John Gerard of Stonyhurst College , namesake of John Gerard ( who , following the plot 's discovery , had evaded capture ) , wrote an account called What was the Gunpowder Plot ?
An interview is a conversation between two or more people ( the interviewer and the interviewee ) where questions are asked by the interviewer to obtain information from the interviewee .
Stand-up performances are usually short , where the comedian recites a fast-paced succession of humorous stories , short jokes ( called '' bits '' ) , and one-liners , which constitute what is typically called a monologue , routine or act .
( Adrian Randolph , '' The Bastides of southwest France '' The Art Bulletin 77.2 ( June 1995 , pp .
'' Usually considered to be an extreme left-wing ideology , anarchism has always included a significant strain of radical individualism ... and communism .
When a cell expresses a gene , it copies ( transcribes ) that gene 's DNA sequence onto a messenger RNA ( mRNA ) sequence .
The client submits an HTTP request message to the server .
Ciudad Real is a province of central Spain , in the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
Napoleon finally invaded Holland on 1 July 1810 , forcing Louis to abdicate the same day , and annexed the entire Kingdom of Holland on 9 July .
Daily Turmeric market rate is updated in the website www.agmarknet.nic.in Erode is well known for marketing of textile products of Handloom , Powerloom and Readymade Garments .
The storm downed trees , washed out recently repaired roads , and disrupted communications in some small population centers .
_ Lang
Biography Early years Born in Munich , as the second child of a butcher , Strauss studied German letters , history and economics at the University of Munich from 1935 to 1939 .
According to Christian mythology , the Holy Grail was the dish , plate , or cup used by Jesus at the Last Supper , said to possess miraculous powers .
A peasant named Thurkhill in England claims that Saint Julian took him on a tour of Purgatory .
They would later appear in the two-part story '' Daleks in Manhattan '' / '' Evolution of the Daleks '' , in which whilst stranded in 1930 's New York , they set up a base in the partially built Empire State Building and attempt to rebuild the Dalek race .
It was a financial center for much of the Arab world ; and it was a major commercial and tourist center until 1975 when the violent Lebanese Civil War broke out in Lebanon .
Percy , refusing godhood for himself , forces the gods to swear on the River Styx that they will recognize all of their children by the time they turn 13 , honor the minor gods , and free innocent titans ( most of which are the enemies of the major gods ) .
In Catholic folklore , Mary , the sister of Lazarus , is seen as the same as Mary Magdalene .
Alonsa ( 2006 Population 1,641 ) is a community located in north central Manitoba in the Rural Municipality of Alonsa .
Soft water the term used to describe types of water that contain few or no calcium or magnesium metal cations .
Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in territories which span roughly the northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 900 to 1300 .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series created by Shonda Rhimes .
Young was born in Gilmore , a tiny farming community located in Washington Township , Tuscarawas County , Ohio .
Interestingly enough , Ptolemy XIII sent Pompey 's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor , but Caesar was not pleased about receiving the head of his son-in-law in a box .
The church was finished in 1861 and dedicated on March 18 .
Kalliope 's rotation is then slightly retrograde .
He first met them when he delivered milk there as a truck driver .
Susan , Lucy and Aslan then go to free all the Narnians that were turned to stone .
It killed four people and was one of the most powerful hurricanes to ever strike the western coast of Mexico , hitting with winds of 140 mph ( the strongest since Hurricane Madeline in 1976 ) .
See also Blum 's speedup theorem Savitch 's theorem External links Philippe Oechslin : Making a Faster Cryptanalytic Time-Memory Trade-Off .
Agreements with Pennsylvania and New York extinguished the land claims by Connecticut within its neighbors , and the Western Reserve lands were relinquished to the federal government , which brought the state to its present boundaries .
Many resorts have developed around mineral springs and are known as spa towns .
Ririe is a city in Bonneville and Jefferson counties ( mostly Jefferson ) in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Idaho .
Following the flight , Gagarin told the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev that during reentry he had whistled the tune '' The Motherland Hears , The Motherland Knows '' .
Ickenham , opened March 1 , 1910 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line October 23 , 1933 .
Finally , Saint-Denis is also served by two stations on Paris RER line D : Stade de France - Saint-Denis and Saint-Denis .
The game was re-released exclusively to Japan under the name Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix on January 20 , 2011 , with the content from the English versions as well as brand new features , such as a playable Secret Episode and a hint at a possible Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep - Volume Two - .
Balignicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Places in Berwickshire include Ayton , Coldingham , Coldstream , Duns , Earlston , Eyemouth , Foulden , Greenlaw , Lauder ( former seat of the county Commissariat ) , Mordington , St. Abbs , and Swinton .
Graphic design may consist of the deliberate selection , creation , or arrangement of typography alone , as in a brochure , flier , poster , web site , or book without any other element .
Interstate 91 ( abbreviated I-91 ) is an Interstate Highway in the New England region of the United States .
The first football club in Chesterfield was formed as Chesterfield Town F.C. in the late 1860s .
The World of Robert Jordan 's the Wheel of Time ( 6 November 1997 , reference book , written in collaboration with Teresa Patterson )
Franco Tancredi ( born 10 January 1955 in Giulianova ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for AS Roma and Italy .
Peter Gorb , a Life Fellow of the Design Management Institute and a long time Fellow of the RSA , has led the Design Management department for over 20 years and is seen as a godfather for design management . He defined his design reclassification in 1976 , and published his book Design and its Use by Managers two years later .
death_date =
Marcenais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
David Silverman ( born on 15 March 1957 in New York City , New York ) is an animator best known for directing numerous episodes of the animated TV series The Simpsons , as well as The Simpsons Movie .
A VIPoma ( also known as Verner Morrison syndrome , after the physicians who first described it ) is a rare ( 1 per 10,000,000 per year ) endocrine tumor , usually ( about 90 % ) originating in the pancreas , that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide ( VIP ) .
Guillaumes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In the field of electromagnetism and mathematics , flux is usually the integral of a vector quantity , flux density , over a finite surface .
After several years of solitary struggle , Sorcha is saved from drowning by a British lord , Hugh of Harrowfield ( a.k.a. '' Red '' ) .
Vancouver is a city on the north bank of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Clark County .
Applications General Its chemical inertness makes it well suited for industrial applications such as gaskets , hoses , and corrosion-resistant coatings .
The Languages of Arda are artificial languages created by J. R. R. Tolkien and used in his legendarium , including The Hobbit , The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion .
Newcastle , New South Wales , the second most populated area in the state of New South Wales
Sorai attracted a large following with his teachings and created the Sorai school , which would become an influential force in further Confucian scholarship in Japan .
Blonville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is the island 's second smallest village in both area and population .
He is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades , but he has also done a wide range of philanthropric work as volunteer charity fundraiser , pioneer and campaigner for people with autism and other disabiliies .
Spectroscopic studies suggest that Eunomia has regions with differing composition .
John William Snow ( born August 2 , 1939 , in Toledo , Ohio ) served as the 73rd United States Secretary of the Treasury under U.S. President George W. Bush .
'' Distribute '' means to make available to the public the original and copies of the Work or Adaptation , as appropriate , through sale or other transfer of ownership .
The novelty is that bees are specialized as pollination agents , with behavioral and physical modifications that specifically enhance pollination , and are generally more efficient at the task than any other pollinating insect such as beetles , flies , butterflies and pollen wasps .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
When on any user namespace page , or on Special : Contributions\/USER , click this button to report them to administrators for several possible infractions :
He is also a collaborator in the design of the Supernova/Acceleration Probe ( SNAP ) , a satellite which is proposed to measure the properties of dark energy .
In 1967 , former Searchers drummer Chris Curtis contacted London businessman Tony Edwards in the hope that he would manage a new group he was putting together , to be called Roundabout : so-called because the members would get on and off the band , like a musical roundabout .
The Afghan Hound is one of the oldest sighthound dog breeds .
Observation is either an activity of a living being ( such as a human ) , consisting of receiving knowledge of the outside world through the senses , or the recording of data using scientific instrument .
The Plovercrest ( Stephanoxis lalandi ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Timo P. Nieminen was elected as the first mayor of Tampere for the years 2007 -- 2009 .
Amélie is lighter and more romantic than his previous films , a fact sometimes attributed to Caro 's minimal participation .
Post-disco ( club music or dance ) is the significant period in popular music history that followed the commercial '' death '' of disco music that emerged during late 1970s and early 1980s .
New London is a city in Henry County , Iowa , United States .
The LG KE850 , also known as the LG Prada , is a touchscreen mobile phone made by LG Electronics .
The longtime leader of East Germany , Erich Honecker , resigned on October 18 , 1989 , and was replaced by Egon Krenz a few days later .
Zoe Washburne , from Firefly
The city grew after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 and its designation as the capital of the then French colony in 1933 .
Takuya Kokeguchi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kataller Toyama .
In subsequent years the motorway was extended piecemeal in both directions and is now long .
The novel was well received by critics , it was noted in The New York Times 100 Most Notable Books of the Year , as well as its Orange Prize claim .
Elizabeth Kocanski Carolan ( born November 24 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix .
Vitality-The higher this number , the more Hit Points you have ; and the longer you can run .
King Alphonso III of Portugal eliminates the last Moorish community in Portugal at Faro .
At London , the water is slightly brackish with sea salt , being a mix of sea and fresh water .
The moon is located midway between the Galilean moons and the first group of prograde irregular moons , called the Himalia group .
Rapid changes in the political situation of the rest of India due to incursions of Muslim armies from the northwest marked a turning point in the history of Tamil Nadu .
Released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public Licence , Impress is free software .
Matches are best-of-five sets and the fifth set ( if necessary ) is usually played to 15 points .
Mammalian stem cells differentiate into several kinds of blood cell within the bone marrow .
The re-published version was released on August 26 , 2003 .
The Spanish Republican government in exile was a continuation of the government of the Second Spanish Republic , which was established in exile after the victory of Francisco Franco 's forces in the Spanish Civil War in April 1939 .
Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease .
For certain periods of time between the 17th century and 1959 , the Dalai Lamas sometimes directed the Tibetan Government , which administered portions of Tibet from Lhasa .
For the first time since 12 February 1934 ( the time of the Austrian Civil War ) , Socialists and Communists could legally appear in public again .
Bonner recommends against nudity in the home where children are exhibiting sexual behaviour considered problematic .
Melee , and , in another updated version of the original , Dr. Mario Virus Buster , for WiiWare .
With the Examiners success established by the early 1890s , Hearst began looking for a New York newspaper to purchase , and acquired the New York Journal in 1895 , a penny paper which Pulitzer 's brother Albert had sold to a Cincinnati publisher the year before .
In OVW , he formed a tag team with Mark Jindrak , and they were promoted to the Raw brand in June 2003 .
The Order of the Golden Fleece is founded by Philip III , Duke of Burgundy to celebrate his marriage .
Turnhout is located at about 51.3 North and 4.9 East , 42 km from the center of Antwerp , 30 km from Breda and Tilburg , 40 km from Eindhoven .
The single was released as the fourth and final single from the album early in 2004 .
In the British Isles , '' shire '' is the original term for what is usually known as a county ; the word county having been introduced at the Norman Conquest of England .
Energy-The higher this number , the more mana you have .
In September 1943 , with the Italian collapse and the surrender of Italian fleet , naval actions in Mediterranean became restricted to actions against U-boats and by small craft in the Adriatic and Aegean seas .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
Transportation hubs Ports Johor has three ports , the Pasir Gudang Port , the Port of Tanjung Pelepas and the Tanjung Langsat Port .
His next published work was a contribution to a symposium in which various authors wrote about their school days .
As of 2000 , the population was 12,623 .
Big feet and fused leg bones give them a physique for long-distance running , capable of maintaining speeds of for extended periods of time .
Additionally , a table may include metadata , annotations , header , see e.g. , Page header or Header ( information technology ) footer or other ancillary features .
'' Gert Fram '' is a short story by Orson Scott Card .
Khomeini , having been exiled from Iran in 1964 , took up residence in Iraq , at the Shi'ite holy city of An Najaf .
He then began the Fatty Arbuckle 's chain of restaurants , which were later sold for an undisclosed sum .
The Salvation Army sent in 37 mobile food storage faculties , that served 40,000 meals , to help those who could get little or no food .
Sacred Heart is still a widely used name for many Roman Catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world .
Brideshead Revisited was brought to the screen in 1981 in the ITV drama serialisation , produced by Granada Television .
Michael Shawn Hettinga ( born on July 17 , 1978 ) is an American professional wrestler , currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment and wrestling on its SmackDown brand under the ring name Mike Knox .
Its average elevation is 250 m above sea level .
Many of the paintings were drawn with red and yellow ochre , hematite , manganese oxide and charcoal .
When an inferior planet is visible before sunrise , it is near its greatest western elongation .
In 1879 he bought the St. Louis Dispatch , and the St. Louis Post and merged the two papers as the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , which remains St. Louis 's daily newspaper .
Atahualpa , Atahuallpa , Atabalipa , or Atawallpa ( born March 20 , 1497 Quito -- died Cajamarca , August 29 , 1533 ) , was the last sovereign emperor of the Tahuantinsuyu , or the Inca Empire .
His father , Ghulamali Chagla was the third elected president of the municipality of Karachi , serving from 1921 to 1922 .
It is also appropriate for guitar music , with drop D tuning making two Ds available as open strings .
The Chola dynasty ( , ) was a Tamil dynasty which was one of the longest-ruling in some parts of southern India .
As used in modern English , the Latin alphabet consists of the following characters
William Tell ( ; ; ; ) is a folk hero of Switzerland .
The departments are listed below , with the departmental capital cities in parentheses .
However , you can see that there is a constant , C , added when you integrate .
Uniform numbers are placed behind baseball uniforms and sometimes on the both the backs and fronts of uniforms .
The Concert For Diana is held at Wembley Stadium to commemorate Diana , Princess of Wales .
In 2006 , there were approximately 116,011,000 households in the United States .
As a result , the major kinds of causes come under the following divisions : The material cause is that '' raw material '' from which a thing is produced as from its parts , constituents , substratum , or materials .
Children often receive red envelopes emblazoned with the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year .
A limited part of the network ( 1.7 km ) has been used as an underground ossuary , known as the catacombs of Paris .
Nothing is known of his parents .
Mason City 's '' favorite son '' Meredith Willson grew up in Mason City , having played in the Mason City Symphonic Band as a student at Mason City High School .
However , Arizona still can expect experiencing the effects of tropical cyclones once every five years , in average .
November 29 & ndash ; Andrés Bello , Venezuelan poet , lawmaker , teacher , philosopher and sociologist ( d. 1865 )
Umatilla ( ) is a city in Umatilla County , Oregon , United States .
This category collects all articles about education in Pakistan .
The bodies of Gagarin and Seryogin were cremated and the ashes were buried in the walls of the Kremlin on Red Square .
There are over 400 family mausoleums located on the cemetery grounds .
Sun Microsystems released the first public implementation as Java 1.0 in 1995 .
Hershey and Chase conducted their experiments on the T2 phage , a virus whose structure had recently been shown by electron microscopy .
Originally started as an independent service in 1996 , it became part of the MSN family in 1997 .
On December 30 , 2006 , Saddam was hanged .
History Aberdeen was founded in 1816 on the north shore of the Ohio River , at the site where a ferry had sprung up at the terminus of Zane 's Trace .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
Stated in interview at Inside the Actors Studio Moreau studied at the Conservatoire de Paris .
August 22 -- Battle of the Standard : David I of Scotland is defeated by the English .
Daniel Wroughton Craig ( born 2 March 1968 ) is an English actor and film producer .
Other primary matches on the card were a Battle royal for the vacant Intercontinental Championship and a Tag team ladder match for the WWE Tag Team Championship between Eddie Guerrero and Tajiri facing Team Angle ( Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin ) .
It was released in 2000 , after Rage singer Zack de la Rocha had already left the band , but featured his vocals .
He eventually lost the title ( and his mask ) back to Liger , forcing him to reinvent himself as Wild Pegasus .
By the start of the 18th century , a lighter version of the musket had edged out the arquebus , and the addition of the bayonet edged out the pike , and almost all infantry became musketeers .
It is hypothesised that with the arrival of humans ( around 48,000-60 ,000 years ago ) , hunting and the use of fire to manage their environment may have contributed to the extinction of the megafauna .
Its preferred habitats are alpine meadow and humid montane forests .
Her close family called her '' Lilibet '' .
It is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
His uncle was Carlo Borromeo , later Saint Charles Borromeo .
Clarence Leonidas '' Leo '' Fender ( August 10 , 1909 -- March 21 , 1991 ) was an American inventor who founded Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company , now known as Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , and later founded MusicMan and G&L Musical Products ( G&L Guitars ) .
The Velvet Underground & Nico is the debut album by American rock band The Velvet Underground and vocal collaborator Nico .
She and her husband Ferdinand II of Aragon brought stability to both kingdoms that became the basis for the unification of Spain .
The debut of the Royal Rumble in January 1988 was actually shown on the USA Network , where it drew the highest rating to that time in the network 's history .
Green tea originates from China and has become associated with many cultures in Asia from Japan and South Korea to the Middle East .
The English Common law as received by the law of the United States included the offence of being a common scold .
He has played for Japan national team .
The Asian Games , also called the Asiad , is a multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over Asia .
The Sunshine Coast ( population 312,908 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers ) is a coastal region located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .
A beating heart cadaver is a body that has been hooked to a medical ventilator .
Hysterotomy abortion is a form of abortion in which the uterus is opened through an abdominal incision and the fetus is removed , similar to a caesarean section , but requiring a smaller incision .
The word '' taupe '' derives from the Latin name for the European Mole , Talpa europaea .
Throughout most of the Arab and Muslim worlds , Hezbollah is referred to as a resistance movement , engaged in national defense . Even within Lebanon , Hezbollah 's status is contentious .
The band has consisted of Aaron Cometbus ( drums , lyrics ) , Bill Schneider ( bass ) , Billie Joe Armstrong ( guitar , vocals ) and Jason White ( guitar , vocals ) for the majority of its existence .
Alternatively , in some other orders , the highest grade may be called the '' grand cordon '' , '' grand collar '' etc. .
In 2009 , Norwood starred in his own VH1 reality dating show , For the Love of Ray J/PERSON. The show premiered on February 2 , 2009 .
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
Each major town also has a Lutheran primary school .
The Bobcats play their home games at Time Warner Cable Arena in uptown Charlotte .
Saint-Denis-d'Orques is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Strontium ( , , or ) is a chemical element with the symbol Sr and the atomic number 38 .
Later that year , the band released their next album , Splinter , to moderate sales and fairly warm reviews .
Nason remains incorporated as a city .
Each week the theme of these shows change offering four hours of each genre once every 5 weeks in the same timeslot on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra . Every week this is followed by My Top 10 and 1Xtra 's Best of the Week at 5am and 6am before daytime programs resume on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra .
Higher Diploma in International Hotel Management ( Dip .
July & ndash ; Revolt of the Ciompi & ndash ; discontent wool carders briefly take over the government of Florence .
The GHI is updated once a year .
Chemiré - en-Charnie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The Central Office of the Church of Satan has also moved from San Francisco to New York City 's Hell 's Kitchen neighborhood , where the couple resides .
With further transistor size reductions made available with semiconductor technology advances , multicore CPUs have appeared where multiple CPUs are implemented on the same silicon chip .
Un medico in famiglia ( English : A doctor in the family ) is an Italian television TV series .
In a 2006 interview with Terrorizer magazine , current guitarist Paul Allender said '' We were never a black metal band .
He taught her words by writing them with a stick in the dirt .
But his career at club level was shortly to take an interesting and unexpected turn .
Bimont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Editions of Windows Media Player were also released for Mac OS , Mac OS X and Solaris but development of these has since been discontinued .
After decades of protests , the Navy ended live-fire training on Kahoolawe in 1990 , and the island was transferred to the State of Hawaii in 1994 .
; By genre : Some blogs focus on a particular subject , such as political blogs , travel blogs ( also known as travelogs ) , house blogs , fashion blogs , project blogs , education blogs , niche blogs , classical music blogs , quizzing blogs and legal blogs ( often referred to as a blawgs ) or dreamlogs .
Piranshahr is the seat of Piranshahr County and its inhabitants are sometimes referred to as Piranshahris , but this term is also applied to those people who live in the neighburing communities .
De Valera was appointed President of the Executive Council ( Prime Minister ) by Governor-General James McNeill on 7 March .
Outflow continued to improve , and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl gradually intensified to attain peak winds of 60 mph ( 95 km/h ) early on July 20 while located about 120 miles ( 190 km ) east of Nags Head , North Carolina .
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
Wilson was sent bankrupt due to a drought in the late 1830s and the subsequent depression .
Agostino Carracci ( or Caracci ) ( August 16 , 1557 -- March 22 , 1602 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker .
Created by the Department of Education Organization Act ( Public Law 96-88 ) and signed into law by President Jimmy Carter on October 17 , 1979 , it began operating on May 16 , 1980 .
Die (/O1997/O) and Helldorado (/O1999/O) .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Working from the Kent block , Cosworth created a 1601 c for homologation purposes .
Given the person 's name and location , he said he could diagnose the physical and\/or mental conditions and provide a remedy .
A variety of rock types resulted from this collision , including pillow basalt , chert , and marine sandstone .
Paul Nicklen , Canada National Geographic Magazine
He also denied the fact that F1-hopefuls Stefan GP had taken the Campos ' car stating that '' we 've got a contract and as long as we 're paying the contract is valid '' .
Gargoyles can be found on many churches and other buildings .
At 16 she was married off to Karl Otto Georg von Meck , a 28-year-old engineer and son of major Otto Adam von Meck and Wilhelmine Hafferberg - a Baltic German family from Riga .
Grahame won a National Television Award for most popular TV contender in 2006 , and featured in a series of advertisements for Domino 's Pizza .
It is on the east side of the island New Guinea ; which is made up of Western New Guinea , Papua , previously called Irian-jaya , and Papua New Guinea , with some more near by islands .
Many collectors buy preprinted albums and pages , which are produced by several manufacturers .
This work helped further the big-bang theory of the universe using the Cosmic Background Explorer Satellite ( COBE ) .
by metonymy , Chelsea F.C. , football club based in the stadium
Early life Born on a dairy farm near Charlotte , North Carolina , Billy Graham was raised in the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church by his parents , Morrow Coffey and William Franklin Graham .
In a late story , a giant named Atlas tried to drive a wandering Perseus from the place where the Atlas mountains now stand .
It began on September 29 , 2007 , with the regular season ending April 6 , 2008 .
There follows a regionalised list of the noted teams in the Brazilian football league .
The final was played at the City of Manchester Stadium , Manchester , England on 14 May 2008 between Rangers of Scotland and Zenit St. Petersburg of Russia .
Moulle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Xenon is used in flash lamps and arc lamps , and as a general anesthetic .
Most noodles are made from four basic ingredients : wheat flour , salt , water , and kansui , which is essentially a type of alkaline mineral water , containing sodium carbonate and usually potassium carbonate , as well as sometimes a small amount of phosphoric acid .
In January 2011 , however , he announced that he has signed to drive for the Hispania Racing team in the 2011 Formula One season .
Saburo Sakai , an IJN ace said : '' A kamikaze is a surprise attack , according to our ancient war tactics .
New York City Police Museum site Accessed January 26 , 2008 The Housing Police , along with the New York City Transit Police , was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau .
For Mt. Taurus outside Cold Spring , New York , see Bull Hill .
On her debut album for Philips , Nina Simone In Concert ( live recording , 1964 ) , however , Simone for the first time openly addressed the racial inequality that was prevalent in the United States with the song '' Mississippi Goddam '' .
A charge is a maneuver in battle in which soldiers advance towards their enemy at their best speed to engage in close combat .
According to Church tradition , it was under Nero 's persecution that Saints Peter and Paul were each martyred in Rome .
This rare , very soft , malleable and easily fusible post-transition metal is chemically similar to aluminium .
He trains at the Toyota Sports Center in El Segundo , California .
Finnish morphology ( particularly its rich system of inflection ) in part gave rise to Quenya .
Bertrand-Jean Redon , better known as Odilon Redon ( April 20 , 1840July 6 , 1916 ) was a French Symbolist painter , printmaker , draughtsman and pastellist .
Mahler 's thematic motif '' der kleine Appell '' ( '' call to order '' ) from his Fourth and Fifth Symphonies is similarly notated . In his Symphony No. 4 ( first movement ) it is in D minor , but in his Symphony No. 5 it is in C minor .
In the style of previous games of the series , the game requires the player to develop a European , Asian or North American nation 's colony from a basic settlement to an empire , progressing through '' Ages '' -- stages of technological development -- and destroying the enemy 's colony .
Along with the guitar , vibraphone , and other keyboard instruments , the piano is one of the instruments in a jazz combo that can play both single notes and chords rather than only single notes as does the saxophone or trumpet .
The puppeteers for Nev and Crazy Keith are Ross Mullan and Simon Buckley .
In these genera , a number of species are each confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean .
Per Mertesacker ( born 29 September 1984 in Hannover ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Werder Bremen and Germany .
Gravy is commonly served with roasts , meatloaf , rice , Real Cajun Recipes : : Rice and Gravy and mashed potatoes .
Cash was found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging , and Kavanagh , guilty of robbing a mail coach , was also sentenced to death , however , a last minute reprieve saw the men sent to Norfolk Island .
For the re-consecration of Great Pyramid of Tenochtitlan in 1487 , the Aztecs reported that they killed about 80,400 prisoners over the course of four days .
The IndyCar Series is not an open formula , with chassis and engine manufacturers provided exclusively to the league in three-year cycles .
Singles match 05:06 1 Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch ( c ) defeated The Hardys ( Matt and Jeff ) .
The entire island group now belongs to Comhairle nan Eilean Siar , the Western Isles Council .
The strongest Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico since Hurricane Kenna of 2002 , Lane developed on September 13 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico .
Locomotion on land raises different problems than that on water , with reduced friction being replaced by the effects of gravity .
The band is now one of the biggest modern acts from Germany and the biggest in 20 years .
This an early accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon .
Gergiev has also been a consistent supporter of peace in the Caucasus , particularly in the conflict between the Georgian central government and South Ossetia .
The National Gallery of Art is a national art museum , located on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. Open to the public free of charge , the museum was established in 1937 for the people of the United States of America by a joint resolution of the United States Congress , with funds for construction and a substantial art collection donated by Andrew W. Mellon .
Cabell 's eighth ( and best-known ) book , Jurgen , A Comedy of Justice ( 1919 ) , was the subject of a celebrated obscenity case shortly after its publication .
Her Majesty 's Loyal Opposition , or the Official Opposition , in the United Kingdom is led by the Leader of the Opposition .
Lenzburg is a town in Switzerland .
Ambassador of Arebast Development The game is directed by Tsuyoshi Yamazaki , who directed the porting of the GBA Phoenix Wright games to the Nintendo DS .
Its compounds are used in photographic film and dilute silver nitrate solutions and other silver compounds are used as disinfectants and microbiocides .
The process of gaining or losing electrons from a neutral atom or molecule is called ionization .
He had been demoted to ninth on the grid , from fourth , for impeding Heidfeld 's flying lap .
During the podium celebrations of the 1997 race , Jerez 's Mayor Pedro Pacheco disrupted the podium celebrations by presenting a trophy that was supposed to be presented by a dignitary from Daimler-Benz .
He studied the violin at the Royal College of Music then composition under Charles Villiers Stanford who conducted the first performance of Hiawatha 's Wedding Feast in 1898 , and he also taught and conducted the orchestra at the Croydon Conservatoire .
On February 23 , 1998 , Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to co-ordinate the development of the Mozilla Application Suite .
Nico sang lead on three of the album 's tracks -- '' Femme Fatale '' , '' All Tomorrow 's Parties '' and '' I 'll Be Your Mirror '' -- and back-up on '' Sunday Morning '' .
In 1948 , BR inherited a variety of locomotives and multiple units from the ` Big Four ' railway companies and some smaller concerns .
The Wave is a British independent local radio station that serves the Swansea , Llanelli , Neath and Port Talbot areas of South Wales .
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea ( ) is a classic science fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne published in 1870 .
Some focus on translating games from one language to another .
Tandil can also be a spider genus , and a German detergent .
He has been nominated for three BAFTA ( British Academy of Film and Television Arts ) Awards , won two Academy Awards , and two Golden Globe Awards .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
Harding has been music director of the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra ( 1997 - 2000 ) , the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen ( 1999 - 2003 ) and the Mahler Chamber Orchestra ( since 2003 ) .
Norah Piehl of Kidsreads.com lauded the style of the book , and noted similarities with its prequel .
In 2004 the band got a record deal with Roadrunner Records in Europe ( Abacus Recordings in the US ) and started to record their fourth Album The Opposite from Within alongside producer Anders Fridén , who is known for fronting In Flames .
It is heavily influenced by the elegance and sophistication of the manners often associated with the Imperial Court in Kyoto .
Every Shrove Tuesday since 1950 the towns of OlneyOlney Pancake Race 2007 Video and Liberal , Kansas have competed in the International Pancake Race .
It is the sequel to the game Dark Cloud , and features some of the same world-building mechanics .
A nationwide census , known as Census 2001 , was conducted in the United Kingdom on Sunday , 29 April 2001 .
A few bands are also known to rely on keyboards to simulate the sound of folk instruments .
The book is chosen by a panel of judges from the British Science Fiction Association , the Science Fiction Foundation and a third organization , currently SF Crowsnest .
This period of history was marked by turmoil in much of the world , as Europe struggled to recover from the devastation of the First World War .
Email to George Dyson .
It aired its first color television broadcast in 1960 .
Bottrop ( ) is a city in west central Germany , on the Rhine-Herne Canal , in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Jonathan Zebina ( born July 19 , 1978 in Paris ) is a French professional football player , currently playing for Juventus in the Italian Serie A . He plays as a right back and occasionally as a centre back , though he started out as a striker .
Giberville is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 10 , 1991 .
Also , the city of Baltimore had its first Super Bowl title in 30 years .
The Maronites reestablish their affiliation with the Roman Catholic Church .
No other animals are thought to produce tears in response to emotional states , Why do we Cry , Walter , Chip , Source : Scientific American Mind ; Dec2006 , Vol .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself , replication occurs quickly .
The four cardinal directions or cardinal points are the directions of north , south , east , and west , commonly denoted by their initials : N , S , E , W. East and west are at right angles to north and south , with east being in the direction of rotation and west being directly opposite .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres to allow for the ventilation of the pitch .
Retford has an established football team called Retford United F.C. which plays at Cannon Park on the outskirts of Retford . Retford is also home to Retford Town F.C. , a smaller football club , and East Retford R.U.F.C. , who play Rugby Union .
The packaging -- designed by Storm Thorgerson -- resembles a cloth-covered book , along with a twelve page reproduction of a Syd Barrett notebook .
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
The Green-celled Cattleheart ( Parides childrenae ) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family .
Types of pan flutes Antara ( Andes ) Paixiao ( China ) Nai ( Romania ) .
