He was also a first Team All-Star , a starter in the NHL All-Star Game , and a finalist for the Hart Trophy again .
The Nicene Creed ( Latin : ) is the creed or profession of faith ( Greek : ) that is most widely used in Christian liturgy . It is called Nicene because , in its original form , it was adopted in the city of Nicaea by the first ecumenical council , which met there in the year 325 .
Public Class Form1 Private Sub Button1_Click ( ByVal sender As System .
Poitier directed several films , the most successful being the Richard Pryor-Gene Wilder comedy Stir Crazy which for years was the highest grossing film directed by a person of African descent .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
The airport serves as a base for EasyJet , Monarch Airlines , Thomson Airways , Ryanair and Wizz Air .
Adelina Patti ( 19 February 1843 - 27 September 1919 ) was a highly acclaimed 19th century opera diva , earning huge fees at the height of her career in the music capitals of Europe and America .
André George Previn KBE ( born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 ) is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
It is also used for sails , bellows , skin boats , banners , and other items shaped out of flexible materials such as canvas and leather .
A scythe ( Oxford English Dictionary , Oxford University Press , 1933 : Scythe ) is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass , reaping crops , or reaping people ( i.e. the Grim Reaper ) .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
During the 1990s , President Bill Clinton maintained sanctions and ordered air strikes in the '' Iraqi no-fly zones '' ( Operation Desert Fox ) , in the hope that Saddam would be overthrown by political enemies inside Iraq .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
The Bush family moved 30 times over the years .
Kingston is a Canadian city located in the eastern portion of Southern Ontario , where Lake Ontario runs into the St. Lawrence River and the Thousand Islands begin .
It was founded in 1974 and stretches over 3087 km , being the second largest National Park of Pakistan after Hingol National Park .
January 1 -- Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) countries to establish and introduce monetary union .
Schnottwil is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg , in the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
The southern coast has one of Cuba 's most distinctive features : an enormous marsh , Ciénaga de Zapata that covers both the southern part of the province and the Zapata Peninsula .
At the following event , Judgment Day , Matt and Jeff defeated Cade and Murdoch once again to retain the title .
Albert '' Chapi '' Ferrer i Llopis ( ; born 6 June 1970 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a right defender , and the current coach of Vitesse in the Netherlands .
History Uncyclopedia was launched on January 5 , 2005 by Jonathan Huang , known online as '' Chronarion '' , and a pseudonymous partner called Stillwaters .
Mataram Indonesian : Kota Mataram is an independent city carved out of Lombok Barat Regency on the west side of the island of Lombok , Indonesia .
Laigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It focused on team gameplay through new game modes and new weapons , items , and player models .
Adelphi University \* (/O2000/O)
The Philadelphia 76ers are a professional basketball team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Gustav Theodor Fechner ( 1801 -- 1887 ) later offered an elaborate theoretical interpretation of Weber 's findings , which he called simply Weber 's law .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III ( born October 17 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Eminem , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
It was the eleventh tropical cyclone , ninth named storm , fifth hurricane , and third major hurricane of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season .
Spiritual movements
Especially in churches , some large barrel organs were built as '' barrel and finger '' organs .
O'Reilly 's MacDevCentre Article by Daniel H. Steinberg ; Jan 10 , 2003 The program was first sold publicly as Keynote 1.0 in 2003 , competing against existing presentation software , most notably Microsoft PowerPoint .
Spitz-type dogs ( the correct German plural is Spitze , though Spitzen is commonly used in the United States ) are a type of dog , characterized by long , thick , and often white fur , and pointed ears and muzzles .
Dudley was one of the first students to enroll .
An island ( ) or isle ( ) is any piece of land that is surrounded by water .
Moe steals the recipe from Homer , renames the drink the '' Flaming Moe '' and begins selling it at his tavern .
Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District ( page 1 ) Aftermath The controversial statement by the school board triggered the court case Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District in late 2005 .
The incidence of twinning among cattle is about 1 -- 4 % , and research is under way to improve the odds of twinning , which can be more profitable for the breeder if complications can be sidestepped or managed .
The band released their fifth album called The Undying Darkness in February 2006 and toured with All Shall Perish , Bleeding Through and I Killed The Prom Queen for the '' Darkness over Europe '' tour .
Gau a region is a former-state in India , which was combined with another state called Banga upon Indian independence in 1947 in order to form the modern state of West Bengal .
If the music was written after 1800 then the trill is usually played by starting on the note written and going up to the note above .
Anti-tobacco sentiment existed in Germany in the early 20th century .
James attended Redruth School , located in Redruth , Cornwall .
Municipalities Due to reorganisations in the 1990s , the number of municipalities in Drenthe has been reduced to twelve .
On April 13 , 1997 , the Whalers played their last game and Dineen scored the team 's final goal ever in a 2 - 1 victory against the Tampa Bay Lightning .
The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium ( Cr ( VI ) ) .
Meanwhile , Chinnamalai and his brothers stayed during the day time in the Karumalai area and returned in the night to a house at the foot of the hills for dinner and little nap .
As a youth , Nelsons studied piano , and took up the trumpet at age 12 .
Many of his former teammates and other famous black baseball players served as pallbearers , and the Rev. Jesse Jackson gave the eulogy .
The building officially opened on 4 January 2010 , and is part of the new 2 k flagship development called Downtown Dubai at the ` First Interchange ' along Sheikh Zayed Road , near Dubai 's main business district .
Amaranthus , collectively known as amaranth , is a cosmopolitan genus of herbs .
Adventures in Odyssey ( AIO ) , or simply Odyssey , is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama\/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987 .
Miller has remained a constant presence in the Scotland team under the management of Berti Vogts , Walter Smith and Alex McLeish , often playing as part of a two-man attack or as a lone striker .
Host city selection Helsinki was chosen as the host city over bids from Amsterdam and five American cities : Chicago , Detroit , Los Angeles , Minneapolis and Philadelphia , at the 40th IOC Session on June 21 , 1947 , in Stockholm , Sweden .
It is listed in Article VI of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England .
Rio Gavin Ferdinand ( born 7 November 1978 ) is an English footballer .
Nadezhda von Meck died from tuberculosis on January 13 , 1894 in Nice , France .
The Anglican Communion is an international association of national Anglican churches .
I Vow to Thee , My Country is a British patriotic song created in 1921 when a poem by Sir Cecil Spring-Rice was set to music by Gustav Holst .
In Hinduism , Kurma was the second Avatar of Vishnu .
Science fiction is largely based on writing rationally about alternative possibilities .
Other examples include Idaho County , Idaho , and Malheur County , Oregon , having parts in both Mountain and Pacific time zones as well as Cherry County , Nebraska which is in both the Mountain and Central Time Zones .
Security was bolstered by a deep ditch on the north side .
Actinium is a radioactive chemical element with the symbol Ac and atomic number 89 , which was discovered in 1899 .
It is not available via analogue radio .
Arizona State University , Spread across four campuses in Tempe , Phoenix , and Mesa
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics , which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games ( due to the cancellation of 1940 's V Olympic Winter Games ) , were to be celebrated in February 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Many of the genera currently placed in Murinae or Dendromurinae have never been included in a molecular phylogenetic analysis .
Heinz Wewers ( born 27 July 1927 - 29 August 2008 ) was a German footballer .
Zeta functions , in mathematics
Inducted members , known as Arrowmen or Brothers , number more than 180,000 youth and adults .
Chinese lore claims the bat is a symbol of longevity and happiness , and is similarly lucky in Poland and geographical Macedonia and among the Kwakiutl and Arabs .
A port on the Chari River , near the confluence with the Logone River , it directly faces the Cameroonian town of Kousséri , to which the city is connected by a bridge .
There are numerous abandoned gold , silver , and manganese mine sites .
Islam also has its own school of Evolutionary creation\/Theistic evolutionism , which holds that mainstream scientific analysis of the origin of the universe is supported by the Qur ` an .
This concession had been granted to assist less well funded teams by avoiding the cost of sourcing a new supply of V8 engines as required by the 2006 regulations .
The western section ( also known as Princes Freeway West or Geelong Road ) starts from Altona at the West Gate Interchange , where the Western Ring Road and the old Geelong Road can be accessed by off ramps , and ends at Geelong .
The assembly is not an elected body , but is made up of members appointed from local councils across the region , and members from regional interest groups such as business and environmental groups and trade unions , known as a quango .
Onett and Fourside appear as battle arenas in the Melee , while only Onett appears in Brawl .
Ms. Ewing has two children , Jonathan , a molecular biologist , and Amber , an international lawyer .
Jemeppe-sur-Sambre is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Hampshire College is a private liberal arts college located in Amherst , Massachusetts .
June 14 -- Joris Veseler prints the first Dutch newspaper Courante uyt Italien , Duytslandt , & c. in Amsterdam ( approximate date ) .
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole ( Brother John from Fiesole ) and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico ( Brother Giovanni the Angelic One ) .
The primary process in physical weathering is abrasion ( the process by which clasts and other particles are reduced in size ) .
The river is subject to heavy flooding .
With the help of Balthier and Fran , the party then travels to Bhujerba , where Penelo is kidnapped by Ba ` Gamnan , a bounty hunter trying to catch Balthier .
Eros ( ) , in Greek mythology , was the primordial god of lust , beauty , love , and intercourse ; he was also worshipped as a fertility deity .
The use of multisets in mathematics predates the name '' multiset '' by nearly 90 years .
The Children 's Crusade , led by 12-year-old Stephen of Cloyes , sets out for the Holy Land from France .
A mechanical bull , also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that replicates the sensation of riding a bucking animal such as a rodeo bull or horse .
Coaffee (/O2004/O) , p. 201 ( pdf p. 2 ) first paragraph .
Similar words for squash exist in related languages of the Algonquian family such as Massachusett .
Ancinnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The modern Rumble matches are much longer , with the longest match , at the 2002 event , lasting over one hour and nine minutes of an approximately three-hour pay-per-view .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1948 .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
This 3.4 meter ( 11 ft ) long dinosaur lived during the early Cretaceous Period , about 115-108 million years ago ( from the mid-Aptian to early Albian stages ) .
Paul Michael Levesque ( born July 27 , 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Triple H , an abbreviation of his former ring name , Hunter Hearst Helmsley .
The Ernestines also retained the title of Elector .
After 1925 the Board of Directors of the German Reich Railway ( Deutsche Reichsbahn Gesellschaft ) created a position entitled Permanent Representative of the General Manager ( Head of the Railway ) , as General Manager Rudolf Oeser was seriously ill ; Dorpmueller was appointed to this post on 3 July 1925 .
Patty Schnyder ( born 14 December 1978 in Basel ) is a Swiss professional tennis player .
Le Rouret is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It is one of the language that is spoken by a lot of people .
For example , in Thai Theravadin Buddhism there are two groups ( Mahanikaya and Dhammayut ) , of which the Dhammayut has its origin partly in the Mahanikaya , and is the new and schismatic group .
Heathrow is a primary hub for BMI and British Airways , and is a base for Virgin Atlantic Airways .
Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay , the first in his series about serial killer Dexter Morgan . It has formed the basis of the Showtime television series Dexter and won the 2005 Dilys Award .
Hebdige 1981 They also live out particular relations to places ; Ken Gelder talks about '' subcultural geographies '' along these lines .
Franchising , a business method that involves licensing of trademarks and methods of doing business , such as :
Indonesia shares land borders with Malaysia on the islands of Borneo and Sebatik , Papua New Guinea on the island of New Guinea , and East Timor on the island of Timor .
'' Once Upon a Time in New York City '' - Narrator
This exposure led the Fox network to make her the co-star of the television sitcom , Ned & Stacey .
Hurricane Dog was the most intense hurricane in the 1950 Atlantic hurricane season .
In some cases it may state '' D.N. '' , which strictly refers to the city proper , i.e. , excluding the surrounding province of Santo Domingo .
The city motto Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia ( '' Waterford remains the untaken city '' ) was granted by King Henry VII of England in 1497 after Waterford refused to recognize the claims of the pretenders Lambert Simnel and Perkin Warbeck to the English throne .
Though the main prize for PepsiCo was Gatorade noncarbonated sports drink , Quaker 's cereal and snack food division serves as seemingly healthier complement to the existing Frito-Lay salty-snacks division .
An important part of the Cyclassics are the Jedermann-Rennen amateur\/cyclosportif event run around the time that the race is held .
At school , Freak has a seizure after eating American chop suey .
Olavo Rodrigues Barbosa , best known as Nena , ( born July 11 , 1923 ) is a Brazilian former football player .
Before the name Johor was adopted , the area south of the Muar River to Singapore island was known as Ujong Tanah or ` land 's end ' in Malay , due to its location at the end of the Malay Peninsula .
While at Trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams .
Johnny Gilbert was an Australian bushranger shot dead by the police at the age of 25 near Binalong , New South Wales in 1865 .
Marquette is a city in the US state of Michigan and the county seat of Marquette County .
The Cambodia national football team is the national team of Cambodia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Cambodia ( FFC ) .
His most important publication was Variation and Evolution in Plants , which combined genetics and Darwin 's theory of natural selection to describe plant speciation .
Windows Media Player prior to version 9 and Quicktime player do not support playing VCD directly , though they can play the DAT files ( stored under MPEGAV for video and audio data ) reliably .
China saw the flourishing of many art forms : jade carving , bronzework , pottery ( including the stunning terracotta army of Emperor Qin ) , poetry , calligraphy , music , painting , drama , fiction , etc. .
Reid won the PFA Scotland Manager of the Year in 2008 after leading Hamilton into the Scottish Premier League .
Among many other restrictions the laws force Jews to wear distinctive clothes and denies them administrative positions .
Gunnedah 's primary exports are cotton , coal , beef , lamb and pork , and cereal and oilseed grains .
The object is to clear a minefield from mines .
In 1992 , he also released the EPs Xylem Tube EP and Digeridoo ( first played by DJ Colin Faver on London 's Kiss FM ) as Aphex Twin , as Power-Pill the Pac-Man EP based on the arcade game Pac-Man , and two of his four Caustic Window EPs .
There have only been 4 recorded overtakes since the race was first held in 2008 , with none of them in 2009 .
A second marriage was arranged for Lionel with Violante ( c. 1353 - November 1386 ) , daughter of Galeazzo Visconti , lord of Pavia ( d. 1378 ) ; the enormous dowry which Galeazzo promised with his daughter being exaggerated by the rumor of the time . Journeying to fetch his bride , Lionel was received in great state both in France and Italy , and was married to Violante at Milan on 28 May 1368 .
It lies in the east of Ireland and comprises the counties of Carlow , Dublin , Kildare , Kilkenny , Laois , Longford , Louth , Meath , Offaly , Westmeath , Wexford and Wicklow .
A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field .
The Chevrolet Silverado ( along with its GMC counterpart , the GMC Sierra ) , is the latest line of full-size pickup trucks from General Motors .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , high-throughput protein characterization , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
Orson Scott Card ( born August 24 , 1951 ) is an American author , critic , public speaker and political activist .
Kanda University of International Studies or KUIS is a private university located in Makuhari , Chiba City , Japan .
Other than fried chicken , many KFC restaurants serve side dishes like coleslaw , various potato-based items ( including potato wedges , french fries and mashed potatoes with gravy ) , biscuits , baked beans , macaroni and cheese , macaroni salad , rice , steamed vegetables and corn on the cob .
James , William , The Will to Believe , 1895 ; and earlier in 1895 , as cited in OED 's new 2003 entry for '' multiverse '' : '' 1895 W. JAMES in Internat .
The Pax Ecclesiae , an edict by the church in southern France attempting to outlaw acts of war against non-combatants and the clergy , is promulgated .
Wimbledon Football Club was an English professional football club from Wimbledon , south west London .
High speed services are operated by HST trains ( British Rail class 43 Locomotives ) with Mk3 coaches .
Foo Fighters is an American rock band formed by singer/guitarist/drummer Dave Grohl in 1995 .
Lapugnoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Her body remained at Burhanpur for 23 years until the Taj was completed .
An example of Gothic Revival architecture , the Currituck Beach Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 15 , 1973 .
According to the 2001 census the civil parish of South Molton had a population of 4,093 .
It is named for General William Russell , a Revolutionary War soldier and frontier leader .
Kengen is also a town in the Jomoro district in the Western Region of Ghana .
In 1943 he resumed his operatic career singing in Johann Strauss II 's Die Fledermaus in Geneva .
The title of the movie was later used for newer editions of the book .
Williamstown is a city in Grant county in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Bruckner 's compositions helped to define contemporary musical radicalism , owing to their dissonances , unprepared modulations , and roving harmonies .
Distorted buildings and playing cards may appear at the bottom of the paintings as well as Cyrillic letters .
The name of the album is based on a lyric appearing on the track , '' Crystal Ball '' which reads '' I 've lost my heart , I buried it too deep , under the Iron Sea '' .
The Baltistan toad , Bufo latastii , is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family .
His record was unusual , since he is one of only four British Prime Ministers to have three or more separate periods in office .
Wii Sports , a major factor in the Wii 's worldwide success , was the first release among a number of core Wii games being developed at the same , with the same philosophy ; others were released as Wii Play , Wii Fit , and Wii Music . A direct sequel to Wii Sports , titled Wii Sports Resort , was released in 2009 .
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1929 -- 30 ( listed with their last team ) :
Harutaka Ono is a Japanese football player who most recently played for Tokyo Verdy .
Rekingen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Aspects of Ahmadi Religious Thought and Its Medieval Background .
Official sheet music for this song is available in the Wise Publication book of Hopes and Fears .
Doha is home to the Education City , an area devoted to research and education .
He is the only member aside from founder and guitarist Oscar Dronjak to appear on all of the band 's albums .
In antiquity , the river was viewed as the border between Europe and Asia .
The marching band is also a longstanding tradition at Ohio State .
Adam Birch ( born July 18 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler .
Leeds ' stadium Elland Road is an all-seater football stadium situated in the Beeston area of the city of Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Blackletter is sometimes called Old English , but it is not to be confused with the Old English language , despite the popular , though mistaken , belief that it was written with Blackletter .
Not until during the World War I did the US Army purchase 100 headsets for their pilots .
The population was 428 at the 2000 census .
Editors are therefore encouraged to upload their own images , releasing them under the GFDL , CC-BY-SA , or other free licenses .
The third highest elevation is Mount Bird , with Shell Glacier and Endeavour Piedmont Glacier on its slopes .
He lived at the Lake Claire Apartments while attending school .
Most accounts agree that she found the barren floating island of Delos , still bearing its archaic name of Asterios , which was neither mainland nor a real island , and gave birth there , promising the island wealth from the worshippers who would flock to the obscure birthplace of the splendid god who was to come .
This is not necessarily a tool of political control but much more a way of protecting the economy from fraud .
In 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce Saturday afternoon and Sunday shifts .
These spiders also prefer sugar solutions to plain water , which indicates that they are seeking nutrients .
Bancroft planned to include this copy in Autograph Leaves of Our Country 's Authors , which he planned to sell at a Soldiers ' and Sailors ' Sanitary Fair in Baltimore .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Flat : For spreading paint quickly and evenly over a surface .
The Pilgrimage of Grace was a popular rising in York , Yorkshire during 1536 , in protest against England 's break with Rome and the Dissolution of the Monasteries , as well as other specific political , social and economic grievances .
See Kadikoi for the village on the Crimean peninsula , in Ukraine .
The Johannes Passion ( ) is a musical composition by Johann Sebastian Bach .
Paralympians strive for equal treatment with non-disabled Olympic athletes , but there is a large funding gap between Olympic and Paralympic athletes .
She regularly performed with conductors such as Barbirolli , Sargent , Sir Adrian Boult , Daniel Barenboim , Zubin Mehta , and Leonard Bernstein .
His pet tarantula has not eaten since the family moved .
The Secretary of the Air Force states the OTV program will focus on '' risk reduction , experimentation , and operational concept development for reusable space vehicle technologies , in support of long-term developmental space objectives . ''
Charizard first appears as a non-playable character in Super Smash Bros. and Super Smash Bros. .
Colombes is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
King now lives in Corona , California in the gated community The Retreat , where he also belongs to their golf club .
Zack and Wiki give chase and join forces with the Rose Rock Pirates to trail Barbaros to Treasure Island , which seemingly floats in a gap at the center of the earth .
Pont-d'Ouilly is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Ian Stevenson has never claimed that he had proved the existence of reincarnation , and cautiously referred to his cases as being '' of the reincarnation type '' or '' suggestive of reincarnation '' .
Charity Rice is known for his charity work .
The Need for Speed ( occasionally referred to in full as Road & Track Presents : The Need for Speed ) is a 1994 racing video game first released on the 3DO and ported to other systems , developed by Electronic Arts Canada and published by Electronic Arts .
Marvell Wynne ( born May 8 , 1986 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer .
New York City and Philadelphia were host to Guided by Voices ' return to the live stage ( and first shows outside of Ohio ) in 1993 .
Similarly , hyphens may be used to indicate a word is being or should be spelled , such as '' W-O-R-D spells word '' .
The opposing positions within that debate are metaphysical libertarianism , the claim that determinism is false and thus that free will exists ( or is at least possible ) ; and hard determinism , the claim that determinism is true and thus that free will does not exist .
Precedent is central to legal analysis and rulings in countries that follow common law like the United Kingdom ( except Scotland which retains its own legal system ) and Canada .
The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $ 30,544 ( This figure is not accurate , as it is lower than the next group ) .
Couture has competed in 15 title fights , a record .
Electronegativity , symbol ( the Greek letter chi ) , is a chemical property that describes the ability of an atom ( or , more rarely , a functional group ) to attract electrons ( or electron density ) towards itself .
Pure starch is a white , tasteless and odorless powder that is insoluble in cold water or alcohol .
After being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2009 , he declared resignation from federal political functions in January 2010 , citing health reasons .
Its sister paper , The Mail on Sunday was launched in 1982 .
She suggests a series of things which he could do , just as long as he does n't '' say the two words , which mean it 's over '' ( the two words being '' Goodbye , darling '' - '' Zbogom ljubavi '' in Bosnian ) .
It is likely that there was already much skepticism about the gods in Plautus ' era .
Consistent with our model , however , these increases did not occur . ''
Tokio Hotel :
Tikal ( or Tik ' al according to the modern Mayan orthography ) is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centres of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization .
She is the mother of the 43rd President George W. Bush and 43rd Governor of Florida Jeb Bush .
It lies in front or on top of the brainstem and in humans is the largest and most well-developed of the five major divisions of the brain .
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
There are many active games from which users can earn Neopoints and awards .
George Herbert Walker Bush ( born June 12 , 1924 ) was the 41st President of the United States ( 1989 -- 1993 ) .
Milton was founded in 1789 , three years before Kentucky became a state . Milton is one of the oldest towns in Kentucky .
Nausea ( Latin : Nausea , from Greek : , '' sea-sickness '' , also called wamble ) is the sensation of unease and discomfort in the stomach with an urge to vomit .
The majority of popular MMORPGs are based on traditional fantasy themes , often occurring in an in-game universe comparable to that of Dungeons & Dragons .
The concept of decorum is also applied to prescribed limits of appropriate social behavior within set situations .
Charizard is voiced by Shin-ichiro Miki in Japanese and English .
There was a large wen under her chin , and therefore to hide its ugliness she wore a high dress covering her throat ... She was handsome to look at , with a pretty mouth '' .
Gifhorn is a town and capital of the district Gifhorn , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
From May 4 , 1910 to August 29 , 1911 the navy was known as the Naval Service of Canada and operationally as Canadian Naval Forces .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
Seismometers are instruments that measure motions of the ground , including those of seismic waves generated by earthquakes , nuclear explosions , and other seismic sources .
Xena flys on Gabrielle to the gods ' home while Hercules climbs up .
Up to the 5th century BC , the head was depicted as particularly ugly , with a protruding tongue , boar tusks , puffy cheeks , her eyeballs staring fixedly on the viewer and the snakes twisting all around her .
ICEX Spanish Companies Info It is registered in Spain and Delaware .
The third Gewandhaus on Augustusplatz opened on 8 October 1981 .
The raging Count draws his sword , promising to kill Cherubino on the spot , but when the door is opened , they both find to their astonishment only Susanna .
Lawtey is located at .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , high-throughput protein characterization , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
Her first book made its appearance in 2002 and was published by Arovell Verlag .
Technical school is a general term used for two-year college which provide mostly employment-preparation skills for trained labor , such as welding , culinary arts and office management .
These regulations introduced three new Morse code sequences , including the SOS distress signal .
In Egyptian history , there was no word for a '' queen regnant '' and by the time of her reign , pharaoh had become the name for the ruler .
On June 7 , 2008 , Nicol David was honored with the Order of Merit ( Darjah Bakti ) or D.B. in conjunction with the birthday of the His Majesty Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin .
When Kullervo is three months old , he is heard uttering vows of revenge and destruction on Untamo 's tribe . Untamo tries three times to have Kullervo killed ( by drowning , fire and hanging ) .
Ike was blamed for at least 195 deaths .
Philippeville is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Viridiplantae ( literally '' green plants '' ) are a clade comprising the green algae and land plants .
Jabal ad Dukhan is the highest point in Bahrain with hills up to above sea level .
PlotArea = left :0 bottom :0 top :0 right :0
The second tropical cyclone , second hurricane , and second intense hurricane of the season marked the most intense Atlantic hurricane of the United States ; and it was the first of three Category 5 hurricanes the United States endured during the 20th century .
Anything that can hold the reed on the mouthpiece may serve as a ligature .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
Their office or position is the priesthood , a term which may also apply to such persons collectively .
Events By Place Africa Al-Azhar University is founded in Cairo , Egypt ( the second oldest university in the world ) .
Augusta ( also known as Augusta-Richmond County ) is a consolidated city in the U.S. state of Georgia .
tv and on the BBC 's parliamentary channel BBC Parliament .
A refrigerator works in much the same way , as it pumps the heat out of the interior and into the room in which it stands .
; Brown , Delmer et al .
In return , all Dutch officials , soldiers and civilians left with their personal belongings and supplies back to Batavia ( present-day Jakarta , Indonesia ) , ending the 38 years of Dutch colonial rule on Taiwan .
The Ohio State law school is ranked by US News as the top law school in Ohio and 31st overall in America .
Manama ( ' ) is the capital and largest city of Bahrain , with an approximate population of 155,000 people .
Damien Anthony Duff ( born 2 March 1979 ) is an Irish footballer .
Pinnacle Point is a golf course complex near Mossel Bay , a town on the Southern coast of South Africa .
After the Olympic introduction to male athletes in 1936 , women 's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Three Pieces for Orchestra , Op .
Tangled Up was mostly praised by contemporary music critics upon its release .
czek financed the paving of most of the town 's streets .
But because of the difficult classification of the families it is not entirely certain when they evolved .
Mae Whitman as Tinker Bell , a tinker fairy born of a baby 's first laugh .
The city is home to many companies within the maritime sector , some of them are amongst the world 's largest shipping companies , shipbrokers and maritime insurance brokers .
Wolf wrote hundreds of lieder , three operas , incidental music , choral music , as well as some rarely heard orchestral , chamber and piano music .
Version 3 of PHP used a dual license - PHP 3 's source is available under either the PHP License or the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money , he had a great success with the play .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
Her father , John Stewart , is a stage manager and television producer who has worked for Fox .
Through the use of abstraction and logical reasoning , mathematics evolved from counting , calculation , measurement , and the systematic study of the shapes and motions of physical objects .
Myfanwy Piper wrote the English libretto .
Hino Hideshi , born April 19,1946 ) is a manga artist who specializes in horror stories .
Originally , this showed thumbnails of the nine most visited web sites , along with frequent searches , recent bookmarks , and recently closed tabs ; similar to Internet Explorer and Firefox with Google Toolbar 6 , or Opera 's Speed Dial .
In 1964 , Gothard was ordained and commissioned for youth work by LaGrange Bible Church in suburban Chicago .
By agreement , the family retained ownership of Oceania House , their home on the island .
The Romanian War of Independence was fought in 1877 against the Ottoman Empire .
Nectar contains amino acids , lipids , vitamins and minerals in addition to sugars , and studies have shown that other spider species live longer when nectar is available .
Mount Auburn is a city in Benton County , Iowa , United States .
Luis Miguel Segura
The average height of an adult human is about 1.5 to 1.8 m ( 5 to 6 feet ) tall , although this varies significantly from place to place .
After Sanger 's departure , Nupedia increasingly became an afterthought to Wikipedia ; of the Nupedia articles that completed the review process , only two did so after 2001 .
It is a subregion of Oceania extending from the western side of the West Pacific to the Arafura Sea , north and northeast of Australia .
It is the second game in the Ape Escape series , and is also used as the basis for the upcoming cartoon series by Frederator .
The Oxford Dictionary of Science defines adaptation as '' Any change in the structure or functioning of an organism that makes it better suited to its environment '' .
This article discusses the Green Day album .
Leather-bound books attract various other consumers , such as Dermestes lardarius and the larvae of Attagenus unicolor and Stegobium paniceum .
The New York City Police Department ( NYPD ) , established in 1845 , is currently the largest police force in the United States , US DOJ Statistics 2000 with primary responsibilities in law enforcement and investigation within the five boroughs of New York City .
Oklahoma State University - Tulsa & ndash ; Tulsa , Oklahoma
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany .
The strongest hurricane of the season was Hurricane Ioke , which formed on August 20 far to the south of Hawaii .
The GIA adopted violent tactics in 1992 after the military government voided the victory of the Islamic Salvation Front , the largest Islamic opposition party , in the first round of legislative elections held in December 1991 .
Location of Bakhshali -- Falling Rain Genomics History The village is notable for being the location of what is now known as the Bakhshali manuscript ; this is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics .
In 1896 , Herzl published Der Judenstaat ( The State of the Jews ) , offering his vision of a future state ; the following year he presided over the first World Zionist Congress .
The preface , Notes on Names , says '' Ralph 's name was pronounced Rayf , any other pronunciation used to infuriate him . ''
Since 1975 , it is located in the old city orphanage between Kalverstraat and Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal .
Edwards lives with his wife Alison in Cromford , Derbyshire , and also has two sons , Nathan and Sam .
Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Some modern scholars now make a distinction between the League and the Confederacy .
Batista accepted an open challenge from The Great Khali at The Great American Bash . Edge relinquished the title due to an injury the week before the pay-per-view , and Khali became the new World Heavyweight Champion , winning a Battle Royal and eliminating Batista .
The B&O Roundhouse and Station Complex was first constructed in 1849 .
Gameplay revolves around harvesting needed materials to build , defend oneself against enemies , and ultimately achieving one of the game 's endings .
The first European porcelain was manufactured in Meissen in 1710 , when the Royal Porcelain Factory was opened in the Albrechtsburg .
Studios , limited in the annual number of films to which they grant cinematic releases , may choose to pull the completed film from the theaters , or never exhibit it in theaters at all .
Designed by the architect Marta Rudzka , the building is 264 meters high and has 72 constructed floors ( but lists 90 stories on elevator panels ) with curtain wall facades of dark , bronze-tinted glass .
Finntroll is an extreme metal & folk metal band from Finland .
The heartland of the Cholas was the fertile valley of the Kaveri River , but they ruled a significantly larger area at the height of their power from the later half of the 9th century till the beginning of the 13th century .
Nassau County is a suburban county in the New York Metropolitan Area east of New York City in the U.S. state of New York .
It tells the story of Sutty , a Terran sent to be an Ekumen observer , on the planet Aka , and her experiences with the conflict there between the Corporation , a repressive State capitalist ( or corporatist ) government and the indigenous resistance , which is centered on the traditions of the Telling ( for which the book is named ) .
The first movement ( Prelude ) of that suite , later retitled after the composer 's death as Asturias ( Leyenda ) , is probably most famous today as part of the classical guitar repertoire , even though it was originally composed for piano and only later transcribed .
Christchurch International Airport was closed to all but military and emergency traffic .
March 12 -- George Berkeley , English philosopher ( d. 1753 )
The Union Territory is divided into three districts , North and Middle Andaman district , South Andaman district and Nicobar district .
The area round Mansfield named as Banbury was also the location of the novel The Far Country by Nevil Shute .
A set of 1982 speckle interferometry observations led to a simple preliminary model of Herculina as a three-axis object , perhaps 260 by 220 by 215 km .
The town has around 23 primary schools ( see below ) .
Zizhongosaurus ( meaning '' Zizhong lizard '' ) is a genus of primitive herbivorous sauropod dinosaur which lived in the Early Jurassic Period of China .
New Castle is a city in New Castle County , Delaware , six miles ( 10 km ) south of Wilmington , situated on the Delaware River , at the head of Delaware Bay .
In 3D geometry , an improper rotation , also called rotoreflection or rotary reflection is , depending on context , a linear transformation or affine transformation which is the combination of a rotation about an axis and a reflection in a plane perpendicular to the axis .
SLS was not well maintained , so Patrick Volkerding released a distribution based on SLS , which he called Slackware , released in 1993 .
Her father , Benjamin Mayson , died when she was young and her mother , Elizabeth Jerram later married again Henry Dorling , who was a widower and had four children of his own .
It is in the genus Asclepias , making it a type of milkweed .
Within the story , it is the home of the characters Princess Leia , Bail Organa and also , in 4000 BBY , Ulic Qel Droma who fought in the Great Sith War .
Le Verguier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The per capita income for the village was $ 9,460 .
Kotka ( literally eagle ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
Overall , the United States followed the trend of other developed nations with a relatively large population of relatively affluent households outnumbering the poor .
Sydney Cricket Ground Trust The Sydney Cricket and Sports Ground Trust ( popularly known as the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust ) is an organisation that operates several sporting facilities in Sydney , Australia .
Because steam locomotives included one or more steam engines , they are sometimes referred to as '' steam engines '' .
While two songs from the sessions were released as singles before the album 's release , '' Get Back '' and '' Let It Be , '' the songs were remixed by Spector for this album .
One of Bear 's favorite themes is reality as a function of observers .
Breadalbane ( ) is a small village located on the Lachlan River headwaters and not far from Goulburn in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire .
The science of human behavior is used to eliminate poverty , sexual oppression , government as we know it , create a lifestyle without that such as war .
Andrew Ladd ( born December 12 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger and captain of the Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
His first job was assisting his brother Nick in preparing saloon and rally cars near the Brands Hatch racing circuit in England .
The Zealand River which flows North out of the notch
The famous Adelong Falls , with its rich gold-mining past , is an ideal spot to have a leisurely picnic or to explore the unique surrounding area .
Daisuke Tonoike ( born January 29 , 1975 in Yokohama , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
March 22 -- The ship Waeckende Boey is wrecked on the coast of Java ; the 4 survivors walk overland to Jepara .
Caroline Alice Spelman MP , ( born 4 May 1958 , Bishop 's Stortford , Hertfordshire as Caroline Alice Cormack ) is a Conservative politician in the United Kingdom who has served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Meriden in the West Midlands since 1997 .
During age from middle 16th century until 1910 Italian professional players of pallone col bracciale were the richest and top paid athletes in all the world .
Bex sits on the east side of the Rhone River in a wide valley surrounded on the east by the Bernese Alps and west by the Chablais Alps .
The boundaries of the city of Evanston are coterminous with those of Evanston Township , according to state and municipal charters . Evanston is the home of Northwestern University .
The light-independent reactions of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose .
Consumer groups have also attacked Scholastic for selling too many toys and video games to children , rather than focusing on just books .
The King of Denmark and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein , Frederick I of Denmark , took possession of the monastery during the Protestant Reformation .
Messancy is a municipality of Belgium .
In geometry a henagon ( or monogon ) is a polygon with one edge and one vertex .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
A few sea slugs are herbivores and some are carnivores .
The battle started when Minamoto no Yukiie attempted a sneak attack against his enemies during the night . He found Taira no Tomomori and his army directly opposite from his , along the Sunomata River , near the borders of Owari and Mino provinces .
The Calder Freeway bypasses Kyneton to the north and east .
In the northwest the Iller-Lech Plateau borders on the Swabian Jura ( unit D60 on the map ) and , in the extreme northeast , on the Franconian Jura ( unit D61 on the map ) . The boundary with these two natural regions is roughly formed by the course of the river Danube .
As Mut then was said to be infertile , it was believed that she , and thus Amun , had adopted Montu instead of giving birth to him .
We wish him all the best with that .
However Dostoevsky , having carried on quite bruising polemics with Katkov in early 1860s , had never published anything in its pages .
Marina believes that Goth and Throbb should not be trusted , but Shade trusts them because they saved them from the owl .
Newly built factories needed workers and these were brought from all over the world .
Kupang is the provincial capital of East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
In the royal garden , Ilia asks the breezes to carry her love to Idamante , who appears , explaining that he must go to fight the serpent .
Twelve pages long and a quarter of an inch thick , this board edition book had dimensions of 7.25 x 6.00 inches .
In 1954 , the Soviet Union suggested that it should join NATO to preserve peace in Europe .
This page is a virtual sandbox on Wikipedia .
The northern boundary of the state with Massachusetts is marked by the distinctive Southwick Jog or Granby Notch , an approximately 2.5 mile ( 4.0 km ) square detour into Connecticut .
The station is also a terminus for services via the Hainault loop .
Arcachon ( Arcaishon in Occitan ) is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The port city of Bunbury is the third largest city in Western Australia after Mandurah and Perth the state capital .
It is bordered by the cities of Seattle on the west , Bellevue and Kirkland on the east , Renton on the south and Kenmore on the north , and surrounds Mercer Island .
Allen Park , Michigan , U.S.
The piece was written in 1943 , the score being inscribed '' 15 August - 8 October 1943 '' , and it premiered on December 1 , 1944 in Boston Symphony Hall by the Boston Symphony Orchestra conducted by Serge Koussevitzky .
However , one member will be voted out from the winning tribe before the reward is distributed .
Despite only playing in his natural position on few occasions , Miller still ended the season as top scorer , with 12 goals - the third time in Wolves ' last three Championship campaigns .
Celebrity milestones this week .
Bridgestone is supplying three slick tyre compounds for racing on dry ( soft , medium and hard ) , as well as a wet specification .
Pizarro was born in the town of Trujillo , in modern day Extremadura , Spain .
During his service , he won the IDF football championship in 1965 .
August 13 & ndash ; King Alfonso XI of Castile ( d. 1350 )
News Corporation 's Digital Media Group ( NDM ) , also known as News Corp. . Digital Media and formerly Fox Interactive Media , oversees the Internet business operations of media giant News Corporation , and was formed to oversee News Corporation 's new media acquisitions , including IGN Entertainment , MySpace and Photobucket .
Harrisburg is the capital of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , in the United States of America .
For new proposals , see .
The park provides one of the last natural habitats at the Little River Gorge for the endangered Brush-tailed Rock Wallaby .
even if one of the signs below is not present .
A goldsmith is a metalworker who specializes in working with gold and other precious metals .
Lake Wales is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .
The following templates are '' subroutines '' of .
The architecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing .
Cultivation and trade then spread to Nuremberg , where epidemic levels of saffron adulteration brought on the Safranschou code , under which saffron adulterators were fined , imprisoned , and executed .
The current statistics for the Estonian wikipedia is here .
Fright Night is the debut album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius .
Sexual arousal , or sexual excitement , is the arousal of sexual desire , during or in anticipation of sexual activity .
Economy The Plainisphare record label is based in Vich .
Written by Bill Kelly and directed by Kevin Lima , the film stars Amy Adams , Patrick Dempsey , James Marsden , Timothy Spall , Idina Menzel , Rachel Covey , and Susan Sarandon .
There are six quarks ( up , down , charm , strange , top , bottom ) , and six leptons ( electron , electron neutrino , muon , muon neutrino , tauon , tauon neutrino ) .
A motor ship or motor vessel is a ship propelled by an engine , usually a diesel engine .
It was instantly successful , winning the Pulitzer Prize , and has become a classic of modern American literature .
History and origin of the coat of arms This version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907 but differs only slightly from the version that was adopted in 1815 .
Carlo Tresca ( 1879 Sulmona , Italy - january 11 , 1943 New York City ) was an Italian-born American anarchist , newspaper editor , and labor agitator .
The province as of June 20 , 2006 is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
IGN heaped praise on the game , giving it a 9.7 \/O/ 10 and saying '' what is most impressive about this sandbox is how fun it is to simply hop on a horse and take off across the prairie . ''
The Leafs have not won the Stanley Cup since .
Increasing the pressure always increases the density of a material . Increasing the temperature generally decreases the density , but there are notable exceptions to this generalization .
This collapse involved an estimated 290 km length of coastal shelf , with a total volume of 3,500 km3 of debris .
Malaya ( now Malaysia ) was later to become the biggest producer of rubber .
Historian Jesse Lemisch ( himself a former member of SDS ) contrasted Ayers ' recollections with those of other former members of Weatherman and has alleged serious factual errors .
In the Records of the Grand Historian , he was listed by Sima Qian as the second Shang king , succeeding his father King Tang ( Chinese : ) , following the earlier death of his elder brother Tai Ding ( Chinese : ) .
During this period , Andorra also developed as a tax haven , resulting in the construction of modern banking offices in Andorra La Vella .
Prisoners received a shave and a haircut , if necessary , every Monday , Wednesday and Friday ; they did their own laundry every Monday .
Books After her retirement , Albright published her memoir , Madam Secretary ( 2003 ) , The Mighty and the Almighty : Reflections on America , God , and World Affairs ( 2006 ) and Memo to the President Elect : How We Can Restore America 's Reputation and Leadership ( 2008 ) .
He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Carolina Hurricanes , and older brother of Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Jared Staal , who plays in the Hurricanes organization .
The longest-lived and heaviest isotope known is 281aDs with a half-life of ~ 10 s although a possible nuclear isomer , 281bDs has an unconfirmed half-life of about 4 minutes .
Lochner was awarded the 1939 Pulitzer Prize for correspondence for his reporting from Nazi Germany in Berlin .
The Allied Powers were presented with a communist fait accompli at the Potsdam conference that the former Free State was now part of Poland .
Morina is a genus of the angiosperm family Morinaceae .
The name Peru saltpetre or Chile saltpetre ( American Peru saltpeter or Chile saltpeter ) refers not to potassium nitrate but to a similar chemical sodium nitrate .
Other members of the Nevin family showed musical inclinations as well ; Nevin 's younger brother , Arthur , also achieved some renown as a composer , as did his cousins George and Gordon Balch Nevin .
In 2006 , the Russian government merged 100 % of Mikoyan shares with Ilyushin , Irkut , Sukhoi , Tupolev , and Yakovlev as a new company named United Aircraft Corporation .
The geyser , as well as the nearby Old Faithful Inn , is part of the Old Faithful Historic District .
Canadian skater Vern Taylor was the first to land a triple Axel in competition at the 1978 World Figure Skating Championships .
Tour-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He is a member of the Republican Party and served as the mayor of Indianapolis from 1968 to 1976 and was elected to the United States Senate in 1976 where he has been the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations from 1985 to 1987 and 2003 to 2007 .
Its center is the city of Banja Luka and it 's located in the northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The storm featured relatively deep convection around an eye-like feature .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Ulan-Ude ( ; ) is the capital city of the Buryat Republic , Russia , is located about 100 km south-east of Lake Baikal on the Uda River at its confluence with the Selenga .
In quantum mechanics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle states by precise inequalities that certain pairs of physical properties , such as position and momentum , can not be simultaneously known to arbitrarily high precision .
Jobing.com Arena ( formerly Glendale Arena ) is adjacent to University of Phoenix Stadium , and is the home of the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In 2004 , she began working for Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) , and signed a developmental contract with WWE in October 2005 .
The Jalpa was a development of the earlier Silhouette . The Jalpa was intended to fill a role as a more '' affordable '' Lamborghini , being much less expensive than the Countach .
Benson was born in Birmingham , Alabama to Edward Benson , a psychiatrist , and Diane Benson .
The city of Jhang is the capital of the district .
Then the word '' Lac '' become Lakki therefore , it is called Lakki Marwat .
Colin Luther Powell ( ; born April 5 , 1937 ) is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army .
International distribution : Nordisk Film
It has been designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the U.S. Department of State , and similarly classed as a terrorist organization by the European Union .
Conficker , also known as Downup , Downadup and Kido , is a computer worm targeting the Microsoft Windows operating system that was first detected in November 2008 .
Homer Simpson is the bumbling husband of Marge and father of Bart , Lisa and Maggie Simpson .
Interrogative pronouns ask which person or thing is meant .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 , and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 2 .
Camilla '' Milly '' Rosso and Rebecca '' Becky '' Rosso ( born July 6 , 1994 in England ) are English identical twin actresses .
The Wilhelm scream 's revival came from motion picture sound designer Benjamin Burtt Jr. , who discovered the original recording ( which he found as a studio reel labeled '' Man being eaten by alligator '' ) and incorporated it into a scene in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Falkirk , playing in the Scottish Football League .
Arthur David Waley CH , CBE ( 19 August 1889 -- 27 June 1966 ) was an English orientalist and sinologist .
A midshipman is an officer cadet , or a commissioned officer of the lowest rank , in the Royal Navy , United States Navy , and many Commonwealth navies .
In Bangladesh , 21 February is observed as Language Movement Day , a national holiday .
He was created Duke of Edinburgh , Earl of Kent and Earl of Ulster in the peerage of the United Kingdom on 24 May 1866 .
In humans malaria is caused by P. falciparum , P. malariae , P. ovale , P. vivax and P. knowlesi .
From 1760 to 1765 he worked in Breslau ( now Wroclaw ) as secretary to General Tauentzien .
In more recent years , the term has become generally applied to any sort of three-person band .
Nudity in the privacy of a person 's home or private grounds or facilities is not public nudity , nor is nudity at fitness facilities , swimming pools , saunas , or gymnasia , nudist or naturist clubs or resorts , since they take place on private grounds .
It is a perennial herb , growing to 20-80 cm tall , with opposite leaves 1-4 cm long .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
It is the least specific of these terms and may be treated as a broad category which includes satellite state , associated state , puppet state , neo-colony , protectorate , vassal state and tributary state .
Until the early 2000s ( by which the AC '97 audio standard became more widespread and eventually usurped the SoundBlaster as a standard due to its low cost and integration into many motherboards ) , Sound Blaster compatibility is a standard that many other sound cards still support to maintain compatibility with many games and applications released .
Laura Elizabeth Dern ( born February 10 , 1967 ) is an American actress , film director and producer .
Charles II of France purchases peace with Vikings and Rollo of Normandy , then lifts his siege of Paris .
The programming is broken into four sections and features classic shows , matches , and highlighting past wrestlers .
Cassiopeia is the name of several figures in Greek mythology .
It is not to be confused with the trumpet-like instrument cornet .
The second period of the war lasted from January to November 1919 .
If the data show a statistically significant change in the people receiving the drug , the null hypothesis is rejected .
In photography and cinematography , a telephoto lens is a specific construction of a long focal length photographic lens in which the physical length of the lens is shorter than the focal length .
The bikini or two piece is a women 's swimsuit with two parts , one covering the breasts , the other the groin and , optionally , part or all of the buttocks , leaving an uncovered area between the two .
Career During the 1930s , his career as a conductor took off with his appointment with the Vic-Wells ballet ( later the Royal Ballet ) , but his career as a composer stagnated .
Tents There are currently fourteen main tents at the Oktoberfest .
Zeta ( magazine ) , a Baja California investigative journalism newsweekly
Shimbashi is the original terminus of Japan 's first stretch of railway , the T kaid Main Line , and is one of Japan 's oldest stations ( the oldest station being Shinagawa , a few kilometres down the line ) .
and Blue
For the band , see One Minute Silence .
Cracking is the breakdown of a large alkane into smaller , more useful alkanes and an alkene .
pp .
In British English , it is known as a hair clip . It is a small pin or clip , usually of metal or plastic , used in coiffure to hold hair in place .
Survivor : Africa is the third season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Since Mercury is normally lost in the glare of the Sun , unless there is a solar eclipse , Mercury can only be viewed in morning or evening twilight .
Abbottabad ( ) is a city located in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan and is the third-largest city in the province after Peshawar and Mardan .
He was a member of the Gardiner-Hall gang and shot by police in 1865 .
The Province of Ravenna is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
When Ibn al-Haytham began experimenting with the camera obscura , he himself stated , Et nos non inventimus ita , '' we did not invent this '' .
The magnetic flux is thus the integral of the magnetic vector field B over a surface , and the electric flux is defined similarly .
The club competes in the Premier League , the highest level of English football .
With Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft dividing the Republican Party vote , Wilson was elected President as a Democrat in 1912 .
Solar balloons are hot air balloons that use just solar energy captured by a dark envelope to heat the air inside .
Twenty-two amino acids are naturally incorporated into polypeptides and are called proteinogenic or standard amino acids . Of these , 20 are encoded by the universal genetic code .
The ship and her crew also were featured in a 1935 James Cagney film for Warner Brothers , Here Comes the Navy , which made extensive use of both exterior footage as well as on-board location shots .
The London Convention , which prevents sea dumping , expires .
His other command responsibilities in the China Burma India Theater were divided up and allocated to other officers .
Meximieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Jorge Alberto Francisco Valdano Castellanos ( born October 4 , 1955 in Las Parejas , Santa Fe Province ) is an Argentine former football player and the current General Manager of Real Madrid CF .
It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich ( 1861-1920 ) , a German astronomer .
The discovery of gold in 1851 at Ballarat and Warrandyte transformed it into a leading industrial and commercial center .
__ NOTOC __
Eldest is the second book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini and the sequel to Eragon .
They won 2002 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , completing their set of medals from that event .
The character is introduced in the thriller novel Red Dragon (/O1981/O) as a psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer .
Makiskan was beheaded in the battle and it is said that this head was paraded in the villages of Kongu .
The Airport Express also offers flight check-in facilities at Kowloon Station and Hong Kong Station - the in-town check-ins offers a more convenient and time-saving routine ; a free shuttle bus service transports travellers from these stations to their respective hotels as well .
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg , known universally as Paul von Hindenburg ( ; 2 October 1847 - 2 August 1934 ) was a German field marshal , statesman , and politician , and served as the second President of Germany from 1925 to 1934 .
Fishkill is an upscale village within the much larger town , Town of Fishkill , one of the fastest growing towns in the region , in Dutchess County , New York , USA .
A bicycle , also known as a bike , pushbike or cycle , is a pedal-driven , human-powered , single-track vehicle , having two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other .
The mall receives 28.2 million visitors per year ; it also attracts between 60,000 and 150,000 shoppers daily , depending on the day and season .
Oxford School Shakespeare - Othello
The local secondary school is Alfreton Grange Arts College ( ages 11 - 18 ) on Grange Street .
It reached # 8 on the US charts in 1974 , and was the band 's second hit single .
Inspired by Richmond Palace , he also included a recreation center with a bowling green , tennis courts , a pit for cock fighting ( now the site of the Cabinet Office , 70 Whitehall ) and a tiltyard for jousting .
The gestation period for cats is between 64 - 67 days , with an average length of 66 days .
Several mites are parasites , some of which are carriers of disease .
In parts of the United States erotic dancers wear pasties in strip clubs to comply with laws against full toplessness ; these range from pasties which cover the areola , to band-aids which are wrapped only around the nipples .
The European Union Youth Orchestra ( EUYO ) is a training orchestra for young people in the European Union .
The Orchestre de Paris is a French orchestra based in Paris .
The dark nature of 1994 's The Holy Bible reflected the culmination of Edwards ' instability .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
However , a masked marauder , the '' Blue Spirit '' , helps Aang escape from his imprisonment .
A turbocharger has the compressor powered by a turbine which is driven by the engine 's own exhaust gases rather than direct mechanical drive .
However he was persuaded by Denis Goodwin to change his mind , as he became a symbol of World War I to remind people of the sacrifices made during the conflict .
In his inscriptions , he styles himself as a new man , rarely referring to his predecessors ; however he took the name Sharru-kinu ( '' true king '' ) , after Sargon of Akkad - who had founded the first Semitic Empire in the region some 16 centuries earlier .
The band subsequently began work on its first album for a major label .
It then started weakening as it curved towards Japan .
Middleton began guitar in high school , influenced by Twisted Sister and AC\/DC , and began playing in clubs around his hometown of Brisbane as part of his first band , Sonic Tapestry .
Mahoney is perhaps best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling in the late 1990s and early 2000s , as well as working for World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its ECW brand .
Previously the Red-shouldered Macaw was included in the genus Ara with the other macaws .
Lamniformes Seven families are found within this order .
The Erfurt massacre was a school massacre that occurred on April 26 , 2002 at the Gutenberg-Gymnasium in Erfurt , Germany .
It is a few miles south of its sister town municipality of Aigle .
While Guelph and Ghibelline parties struggled for control of that city , Umberto and Aldobrandino Aldobrandeschi tried to regain Grossetto for their family .
At the Royal Rumble pay-per-view event in January , Cena returned from an injury and won the Royal Rumble match , where thirty wrestlers competed in a ring and were eliminated by being thrown over the top rope .
All rights reserved .
Optical and other types of telescopes are mounted on different types of mounts .
'' Philosophical views are typically classed as skeptical when they involve advancing some degree of doubt regarding claims that are elsewhere taken for granted . ''
Kofi Atta Annan , GCMG ( born 8 April 1938 ) is a Ghanaian diplomat who served as the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1 January 1997 to 1 January 2007 .
Mechanical metronomes One common type of metronome is the mechanical metronome which uses an adjustable weight on the end of an inverted pendulum rod to control the tempo : The weight is slid up the pendulum rod to decrease tempo , or down to increase tempo .
'' Making a Memory '' - 2:49
Grades Matcha is generally expensive compared to other forms of tea , although its price depends on its quality .
At this time , the Countess sees Cherubino 's commission , and notes that the Count was obviously in such a hurry that he forgot to seal it with his signet ring ( which was necessary to make it an official document ) .
McClane dispatches all but one of Gabriel 's henchmen , but Gabriel still holds Lucy and Farrell hostage . Gabriel 's henchman , Emerson , shoots McClane in his shoulder and Gabriel makes McClane watch as he prepares to kill Lucy and Farrell .
More plainly , when cutting an object into slices one gets many parallel cross-sections .
In addition , Arovell publishes a magazine about literature , music and art , which contains information about new books and public events .
I told the sisters about it so many times yesterday that they got quite fed up , but I could go on telling it masses of times ... What weather we 've had ! One could simply shout with joy . ''
Los Angeles Times link
The smaller component , measuring 112 km , is now named Menoetius , after the legendary Patroclus 's father .
In much of the earlier astronomical literature , Ganymede is referred to instead by its Roman numeral designation ( a system introduced by Galileo ) as or as the '' third satellite of Jupiter '' .
It was founded in 1842 by Methodist leaders and Central Ohio residents as a nonsectarian institution , and is a member of the Ohio Five -- a consortium of Ohio liberal arts colleges .
Most of the 1,400 or so species are marine , with a few living in fresh water and a small number of terrestrial forms ; they are found in all marine habits , and throughout the world 's oceans .
Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Upon Louis 's return to France , he was involved in Napoleon 's plot to overthrow the Directory .
Someone who practices satyagraha is a satyagrahi .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 39 .
September 10 & ndash ; John the Fearless , Duke of Burgundy is assassinated by adherents of the Dauphin .
This family was once considered part of the order Insectivora , but that polyphyletic order is now considered defunct .
When the aircraft started its second leg to Jeddah , a fire developed .
As a cyclist he joined Harworth and District cycling clubHarworth & District Cycling Club and later Rotherham 's Scala Wheelers .
\/O/ \/O/ can delete this stub later if no one is using it importScript ( '' User : GregU\/dashes .
The importance of this part of document life cycle management can be seen in the impact of historical events such as the destruction of books in ancient China and the burning of the library at Alexandria .
To is to take an oath , to make a solemn vow .
Interior design The original Amber Room in the Catherine Palace of Tsarskoye Selo near Saint Petersburg was a complete chamber decoration of amber panels backed with gold leaf and mirrors .
For the mathematical form of proof by contradiction , see Proof by contradiction .
Andrew Soltis , Chess Lists Second Edition , 2002 , McFarland & Company , Jefferson , North Carolina and London , pp .
The 1984 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1984 , and lasted until November 30 , 1984 .
Verne J. Troyer ( born January 1 , 1969 ) , also known as Mini-V or Mini-Me , is an American stand-up comedian , actor , stuntman and performer , best known for playing Mini-Me in the Austin Powers series .
Career Virtue and Moir began skating together in 1997 .
Josue Souza Santos , or simply Josue ( born July 10 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Fontaine-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
They also picked up the Headliner award at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 held in Liverpool on 6 November 2008 and the Award for Best Group on 5 November 2009 at the MTV Europe Music Award held in Berlin .
The Baptist Union of Great Britain , despite its name , is the association of Baptist churches in England and Wales .
The M4 flame fuel thickening compound ( MIL-T-50009A ) , hydroxyl aluminium bis ( 2-ethylhexanoate ) with anti-caking agent , is a fine white powder .
Overview Jiwani is located at the eastern end of Gwadar Bay , which is shared between Iran and Pakistan .
Trailing by one run in the bottom half of the 11th inning , with Joey Cora on third base and Ken Griffey , Jr. on first , Martinez 's hit drove in Cora and Griffey , giving the Mariners a 6 -- 5 victory over the New York Yankees to clinch the series , 3 -- 2 .
Dyes dissolve in water , but are not soluble in oil .
It is a branch of the German House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( ) , which adopted the English name Windsor by a royal proclamation on the 17 July 1917 .
Baldry collaborates with Kate Cary , Tui T. Sutherland and Victoria Holmes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
Geri Say m ( Squawk Box Europe )
It is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic center .
The area that surrounds I-4 is often referred to as the I-4 Corridor .
Marburg-Biedenkopf is a Kreis ( district ) in the west of Hesse , Germany .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 26 ' 0N 72 3 ' 0E and has an altitude of 406 metres ( 1335 feet ) .
Ficheux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
-- )
Once the crow had beautiful silver or snowy white feathers and could speak to humans , but that all changed .
After a fifteen-year relationship with the McLaren team , Mercedes-Benz ( through parent Daimler AG ) , in partnership with Aabar Investments , reached an agreement to purchase a 75.1 % stake ( Daimler : 45.1 % ; Aabar : 30 % ) , in the Brawn GP team , pending corporate and regulatory approval .
TO THE GALLERY AT THE END OF THE PAGE , NOT IN THE BODY OF THE ARTICLE .
The last four notes of the row , ascending whole tones , are also the first four notes of the chorale melody , Es ist genug ( It Is Enough ) .
Pinocchio is a happy wooden puppet made by Geppetto and turned into a living puppet by the Blue Fairy .
Haiti 's capital city , Port-au-Prince , is located on the coast of the gulf .
Mu ` tazilites also believe in the use of logic to deduct the true meanings of the Qur ` an .
Argenteuil is a sub-prefecture of the Val-d'Oise department , the seat of the arrondissement of Argenteuil .
The current mayor of Lancaster is Republican David S. Smith , who took office in January 2004 .
The color FF007F is at a hue angle of 330 degrees , precisely half way between red and magenta , on the HSL and HSV color wheel .
For the bass guitar , Lord suggested his old friend Nick Simper , with whom he had played in a band called The Flower Pot Men and their Garden ( formerly known as The Ivy League ) back in 1967 .
A central government that develops policy and implements it for the people at large is not the Iroquois model of government .
March 19 & ndash ; The House of Commons passes an act abolishing the House of Lords , declaring that it is '' useless and dangerous to the people of England '' .
One of the wettest spots on earth , with an annual average rainfall of , is located on the east side of Mount Waialeale .
In general , article statements should not rely on unclear or inconsistent passages , or on passing comments .
There can be little doubt that a cult of Nephthys existed in the temple and great town of Herakleopolis , north of Sepermeru .
Saint-Urbain , Vendée is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Once a stem produces flowers , foliage production stops on that stem , the stem becomes woody , and essential oil production declines .
Stern ( magazine )
Saint-Gervais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Over the centuries , Sunderland grew as a port , trading coal and salt .
The Labutta Township alone was reported to have 80,000 dead , with about 10,000 more deaths in Bogale .
RSA involves a public key and a private key .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
Its usefulness was limited by attacks on 17 April 1945Air Force Historical Studies Office : HISTORICAL ANALYSIS OF THE 14 -- 15 FEBRUARY 1945 BOMBINGS OF DRESDEN including a list of all bombings on the railway network ( especially towards Bohemia ) .
Mortimer , Edward , Faith and Power , Vintage ( 1982 ) , p. 42 Doctrinal differences with Sunni Islam Ibadis also have several doctrinal differences with orthodox Sunni Islam , chief among them : Muslims will not see God on the Day of Judgement .
The kiss prints , which are featured in the window of Newcastle 's famous Fenwick store , will now be auctioned off for charity .
The film features an ensemble cast starring Leonardo DiCaprio , Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom Hardy , Cillian Murphy , Dileep Rao , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
Their survival is immediately threatened by a number of mysterious entities , including polar bears , an unseen creature that roams the jungle ( the '' Monster '' ) , and the island 's malevolent , and largely unseen , inhabitants , known as '' the Others '' , occurring throughout the whole first season .
In theory , one would have to observe a human living forever to falsify that claim .
Within Portugal , the Sporting Clube de Portugal is often referred to simply as '' Sporting '' .
Charles IV married his first cousin Maria Louisa , the daughter of Philip , Duke of Parma , in 1765 .
The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples , believing that thyme was a source of courage .
In 2008 , Tanzanian president Jakaya Kikwete tried to silence the matter when he addressed the nation in a live conference by saying that Zanzibar is a state internal but semi-state international .
Tarsiers also have very long hind limbs .
Icon ( s ) also may refer to :
Proclaimed on May 26 , 1918 , on the break-up of the Transcaucasian Federation , it was led by the Social Democratic Menshevik party .
After the extinction of the Ottonian dynasty with the death of Henry II , Holy Roman Emperor in 1024 the crown passed to the Salian dynasty .
McDiarmid has appeared in 47 films since 1976 .
He has one sister , who was born in 1930 .
The Fourth Ecumenical Council , known as the Council of Chalcedon , was convened in 451 .
Year 1683 ( MDCLXXXIII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Monday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The area surrounding the Grand Coulee is shrub-steppe habitat , with an average annual rainfall of less than twelve inches .
Thus Bxf3 means '' bishop captures on f3 '' .
Meilen District is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Pommier ( literally meaning '' apple tree '' ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Other usage The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings , but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition .
During the Holocene , when the regional climate was less dry , streams running from nearby mountains gradually filled Death Valley to a depth of almost 3 f , and together with Cotton Bail Marsh and Middle Basin , made up the 80 m long , Lake Manly .
It follows the Yayoi period .
Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said , a novel about a celebrity who awakens in a parallel universe where he is unknown , won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for best novel in 1975 .
Clark Kent , Superman 's secret identity , was based partly on Harold Lloyd and named after Clark Gable and Kent Taylor .
This is a redirect from a Wikipedia shortcut .
Charles Rudolph Boysen ( July 14 , 1895 - November 25 , 1950 ) was the California horticulturist who created the boysenberry , a hybrid between several varieties of blackberries , raspberries , and loganberries .
The Brigantes were a Celtic tribe who in pre-Roman times controlled the largest section of Northern England and a significant part of the Midlands .
In this respect , Osho has much in common with other counter-culture gurus , as well as postmodern and deconstructional thinkers .
The object of the game is to score the most points by rolling five dice to make certain combinations .
Mario Haas ( born 16 September 1974 in Graz ) is an Austrian football forward , who currently plays for SK Sturm Graz .
Coates was born in Saint Petersburg , Russian Empire , the youngest of seven sons of an English father and a Russian mother .
Collins proposed that the envisaged Free State would have a republican constitution , with no mention of the British king , without repudiating the Treaty , a compromise acceptable to all but the most intransigent republicans .
References in Film Marais and his music were featured in the film Tous les matins du monde ( 1991 ) , an atmospheric , meticulously imagined life of Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe .
Crowe portrays Richie Roberts , a detective attempting to bring down Lucas ' drug empire .
Discontinuing the old account means it will not be used again ; it should note on its user page that it is inactive -- for example , with the tag -- to prevent the switch being seen as an attempt to sock puppet .
It is known throughout the world as an iconic home of football and celebrated its centenary on 31 October 2003 .
According to a study by Enigma Research Corporation of Toronto , the Citrus Bowl 's record-breaking attendance pumped an estimated $ 51.5 million -- surpassing the projected $ 25 million -- into the local economy and generated $ 1.8 million in local tax revenue .
Lyman Hall ( April 12 , 1724 - October 19 , 1790 ) , physician , clergyman , and statesman , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia .
Postage stamps One of the functions of the confederation was to handle mail and issue postage stamps ; for details , see postage stamps and postal history of the North German Confederation .
Derendingen , Switzerland , in the Canton of Solothurn
The lowest possible energy for the particle ( its zero-point energy ) is found in state 1 , which is given by
Foster was the 35th Governor of Ohio , and later went on to serve as Secretary of the Treasury under Benjamin Harrison .
The House of Gucci belongs to the French conglomerate company Pinault-Printemps-Redoute ( PPR ) .
Dustin Patrick RunnelsTexas Births ( born April 11 , 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler .
These first bones became the holotype of Stegosaurus armatus .
Polar lows can be difficult to detect using conventional weather reports and are a hazard to high-latitude operations , such as shipping and gas and oil platforms .
Iron pigments are also widely used in the cosmetic field .
Venus of Willendorf is part of the collection of the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna .
Paulo Autuori de Mello ( born on August 25 , 1956 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian football manager .
Thomson Plaza is located on Upper Thomson Road .
The World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) Hardcore Championship was a hardcore wrestling championship defended in World Wrestling Entertainment , ( formerly the World Wrestling Federation ) under hardcore rules .
The province as of June 20 2006 is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
A triangle with vertices A , B , and C is denoted .
All 's Well That Ends Well is a play by William Shakespeare .
The Arkansas River is the second longest tributary of the Mississippi River .
Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
Berkeley was born at his family home , Dysart Castle , near Thomastown , County Kilkenny , Ireland , the eldest son of William Berkeley , a cadet of the noble family of Berkeley .
'' Machine and I '' ( The Queen and I Remix ) ( featuring Keith Buckley of Every Time I Die ) & ndash ; 4:22
In the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .
In 2006 , Hamlin ran his first full season in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series , and during the year he drove in both the Nextel Cup and Busch Series full-time .
Construction of the present City Hall started in 1268 .
It stars Logan Lerman as Percy Jackson alongside an ensemble cast that includes Brandon T. Jackson , Alexandra Daddario , Jake Abel , Rosario Dawson , Steve Coogan , Uma Thurman , Catherine Keener , Kevin McKidd , Sean Bean and Pierce Brosnan .
Enfranchised in , the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
Winning the Oil Endgame : Innovation for Profits , Jobs and Security is a 2005 book by Amory B. Lovins , E. Kyle Datta , Odd-Even Bustnes , Jonathan G. Koomey , and Nathan J. Glasgow , published by the Rocky Mountain Institute .
As its main producer , singer , songwriter , and instrumentalist , Reznor is the only official member of Nine Inch Nails and remains solely responsible for its direction .
The others are Bart Starr , Joe Namath , Terry Bradshaw , Joe Montana , Emmitt Smith , and Steve Young .
By June 4 water outflow from the lake had increased to 3700 c.
A U.S. state is any one of 50 federated states of the United States of America that share sovereignty with the federal government .
Military historians use Historiographical analysis in an effort to allow an unbiased , contemporary view of records as the participants would have perceived the events .
Hans-Dietrich Genscher ( born March 21 , 1927 ) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
L.C. Green cited the recognition of the unborn Polish and Czech states in World War I and explained that '' recognition of statehood is a matter of discretion , it is open to any existing state to accept as a state any entity it wishes , regardless of the existence of territory or an established government . ''
A prism can be used to break light up into its constituent spectral colors ( the colors of the rainbow ) .
For his 1995 release , ... I Care Because You Do , James used an image of his face for the album cover , a motif that would continue on many of his later records .
The name influenza comes from the Italian influenza , meaning '' influence '' ( ) .
Grubbs was a three-year starter at Auburn University . Following completion of his collegiate eligibility , the Baltimore Ravens drafted Grubbs with their first round pick in the 2007 NFL Draft .
Balance may refer to :
Historically , however , only the east front of the building was intended for the arrival of visitors and dignitaries .
He often trades places with Stan as the protagonist of the show , customarily in opposition to Cartman 's antagonist .
It is a state function of a system , and is an extensive quantity .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
When a variable can take continuous values instead of discrete values or when the number of possible values is too large , the table construction is cumbersome , if it is not impossible .
Besides being one of France 's most popular and enduring singers , he is also one of the most well-known singers in the world .
A ship will float even though it may be made of steel ( which is much denser than water ) , because it encloses a volume of air ( which is much less dense than water ) , and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water .
The terms protagonist , main character and hero are variously defined and , depending on the source , may denote different concepts . In fiction , the story of the protagonist may be told from the perspective of a different character ( who may also , but not necessarily , be the narrator ) .
He is fifth all-time in goals-against average , allowing on average only 2.08 per a 60-minute span .
The model was a successor to McDonnell Douglas 's DC-8 for long-range operations , and competed in the same markets as the Lockheed L-1011 Tristar , which has a similar layout to the DC-10 .
In AD 31 Sejanus was summoned to a meeting of the Senate , where a letter from Tiberius was read condemning Sejanus and ordering his immediate execution .
Andre Kim ( August 24 , 1935 - August 12 , 2010 ) was a South Korean fashion designer based in Seoul , South Korea .
Pronunciation refers to the way a word or a language is spoken , or the manner in which someone utters a word .
Jien records that Suizei was one of the sons of Emperor Jimmu , and that he ruled from the palace of Takaoka-no-miya at Katsuragi in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
Energy conservation facilitates the replacement of non-renewable resources with renewable energy .
The Miserere By far the most celebrated composition of Allegri is the Miserere mei , Deus , a setting of Vulgate Psalm 50 .
Hildesheim , one of the oldest cities in the North of Germany , became the seat of the Bishopric of Hildesheim in 815 and may have been founded when the bishop moved from Elze to the Innerste ford , where it was an important market on the Hellweg trade route .
Georg-Christof Bertsch ( \* 30 May 1959 in Seeheim-Jugenheim ) is a German design consultant and university lecturer .
icculus.org/duke3d -- port to BeOS\/FreeBSD\/Linux \/O/ Mac OS X\/Solaris\/Windows \/O/ Other (/O2005/O)
Olsztyn has been the capital of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship since 1999 .
Peter Dennis Blandford '' Pete '' Townshend ( ; born 19 May 1945 ) is an English rock guitarist , vocalist , songwriter and author , known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for The Who , as well as for his own solo career .
Beginning with Sonic Adventure , in 1998 , Sonic was redesigned by Yuji Uekawa as a taller character with longer legs and a less spherical body , longer and more drooping quills , the addition of shoe buckles , and green-colored irises .
In a poll of British business leaders published in 2006 , Manchester was regarded as the best place in the UK to locate a business .
Some new features were announced at the '' Back to the Mac '' keynote in October 2010 , and the Apple website was updated in February 2011 with more details . More features are expected to be revealed as the release date nears .
IAUC 3539 : 1980 S 28 November 13 , 1980 ( discovery ) In 1983 it was officially named after Atlas of Greek mythology , because it '' holds the rings on its shoulders '' like the Titan Atlas held the sky up above the Earth .
Safety was the first public release by English band Coldplay .
This is in contrast to classical particles , which can have any energy .
West Peoria is a city in Peoria County , Illinois , USA .
At the event , Abyss lost when Joe pinned Raven .
Camblain-l'Abbé is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In France , for the purposes of the census , the INSEE has defined several population indicators that allow people who live in more than one place to be counted in each place , to study and keep count of population movement .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Some teams in the NHL have no captain , either by choice or due to injury .
Nevertheless , there are many other Labor MPs who are Co-operative Party members but are not directly sponsored .
Lyric derives from the Greek word lyrikos , meaning '' singing to the lyre '' .
It is the county seat of Bay County and is located just east of the vacation destination Panama City Beach .
Hideki Maeda ( born May 13 , 1954 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Defense tactics were planned using telescopes and plotters mounted in the middle of the second gun pit .
Gandalf travels with them to rouse Théoden , King of Rohan , and the Rohirrim to take a stand against Saruman 's armies .
If a cell is placed in a hypertonic solution , there will be a net movement of water out of the cell until the concentration of impermeable solutes in the cell equals that of the hypertonic solution .
Siegmund '' Sigi '' Nissel was born in Munich to a Jewish family from Vienna .
She also became no longer able to be given a college athletic scholarship .
Gaedel is one of only five major-league players who drew a walk in their only plate appearance and never played the field .
Developed in the 1970s by the Mikoyan design bureau , it entered service with the Soviet Air Force in 1983 , and remains in use by the Russian Air Force as well as in many other nations .
The superfamily Geomyoidea is among the few superfamilial relationships in rodents that is not subject to much controversy .
The standard server implementations and many clients are also free and open source software .
External links Marine Biological Laboratory Library -- An exhibition of material on Haeckel , including background on many Kunstformen der Natur plates University of California , Berkeley -- Ernst Haeckel biography Ernst Haeckel -- Evolution 's controversial artist .
The important Trang River flows through the province from its origin in the Khao Luang mountain range and the Palian River from the Banthat mountain range .
It is a dual-purpose facility that uses multi-stage flash distillation and is capable of producing 300 million cubic metres of water per year .
Mario Bertini ( born 7 January 1944 ) is a former Italian footballer defender / midfielder .
Sport Florence is represented by ACF Fiorentina , who plays in Serie A , the top league of Italian football .
Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Aisne départment in Picardie in northern France .
Paramount Pictures can trace its beginning to the creation in May 1912 of the Famous Players Film Company .
Goscinny website on Lucky Luke Jesse James is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny and illustrated by Morris .
It was , under the Mexica culture , the furthest region of trade , providing jaguar pelts , cacao , and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan .
Princeton is a city in Patoka Township , Gibson County , Indiana , United States .
To do this , add & bot = 1 to the end of the url used to access a user 's contributions .
Infraorder Gekkota -- ( the geckos )
'' My Happy Ending '' is a song written and produced by Avril Lavigne and Butch Walker , and engineered by Russ T. Cobb for Lavigne 's second album , Under My Skin ( 2004 ) .
This is a list of circuits which have hosted a FIA World Championship race from 1950 to 2010 , or which will host one in .
Jute is one of the most affordable natural fibers and is second only to cotton in amount produced and variety of uses of vegetable fibers . Jute fibers are composed primarily of the plant materials cellulose ( major component of plant fiber ) and lignin ( major components of wood fiber ) .
Also , a plugin is available for iPhoto to upload to the Picasa Web Albums hosting service .
Although the remaining 5566 members confirmed that Peng was still part of the group , Peng would eventually leave the group , forming his own management company , Wingman Entertainment .
They are called crab spiders because they resemble crabs , with two front pairs of legs angled outward and bodies that are flattened and often angular .
Pit is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Kid Icarus series , first appearing in Kid Icarus for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986 and later appearing in Kid Icarus : Of Myths and Monsters for the Game Boy in 1991 .
Cambridge is a city in Washington County , Idaho , United States .
Aloysius Paulus Maria '' Louis '' van Gaal ( born 8 August 1951 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch football manager currently in charge of the German club Bayern Munich .
While the Praetorian Guard was formally established under Emperor Augustus , Sejanus introduced a number of reforms which saw the unit evolve beyond a mere bodyguard into a powerful and influential branch of the government involved in public security , civil administration , and ultimately political intercession ; changes which would have a lasting impact on the course of the Principate .
The Harvard University Library System is centered in Widener Library in Harvard Yard and comprises over 80 individual libraries and over 15 million volumes .
For the cartoon supervillain , see Faker ( character ) .
Notable residents Jack Bodell , heavyweight boxer , was born here .
Thayngen is a village and a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 9,557 , but by 2009 , the population was estimated at 16,143 .
Geographical position The city is located from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river ( where it meets the Inhul River ) .
ISBN 0-7866-5213-6 .
The entire population was evacuated from Hirta ( the only inhabited island ) in 1930 .
It is named after its Russian inventor , Professor Léon Theremin , who patented the device in 1928 .
In fact I is a module over the completed group ring Zp [ [ & Gamma ;] ] .
The only person who has the authority to commute Zamani 's death sentence is Iranian Head of the Judiciary Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi .
Poker games differ in how the cards are dealt , how hands may be formed , whether the high or low hand wins the pot in a showdown ( in some games , the pot is split between the high and low hands ) , limits on bets and how many rounds of betting are allowed .
Trade is the voluntary , often asymmetric , exchange of goods , services , or money .
Ehr-ehn ) is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
He also raised money for the then little-known charity Oxfam , obtaining the support of The Beatles in a charity fundraising drive .
Bancigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
They may be designed to burn with colored flames and sparks including red , orange , yellow , green , blue , purple , and silver .
A woman choosing to divorce a shiftless or otherwise unsatisfactory husband was able to ask him to leave the dwelling , taking any of his possessions with him .
The name of Estonia 's national epic Kalevipoeg means '' son of Kalevi '' ( or '' son of Kalev '' ) and the name of Finnish national epic Kalevala means '' Land of Kaleva '' .
The term Communion is derived from Latin communio ( sharing in common ) .
Also used as a metaphor for young people at the peak of their beauty or health .
Cell populations go through a particular type of exponential growth called doubling .
The governor of Cordoba , Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi , is killed during the battle .
Hernan degenerated into a remnant low on September 6 .
It was discovered by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
In 2007 , he shared the Nobel Peace Prize with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
The Union came to an agreement in December 2009 with the Reading Rage youth soccer organization for it to become the team 's official minor league affiliate in the USL Premier Development League .
Warne is an unincorporated community in Clay County , North Carolina , United States .
Situated on the isthmus connecting North and South America , it is bordered by Costa Rica to the northwest , Colombia to the southeast , the Caribbean Sea to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the south .
Year 25 ( XXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Khali won the match via pinfall .
The great albatrosses ( like the Wandering Albatross ) take over a year to raise a chick from laying to fledging .
St. Mary Major , also called the Liberian basilica , because the original building ( not the present one ) was attributed to Pope Liberius , is the largest church in Rome dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary , whence its name of Saint Mary Major , i.e. the Greater .
Karyala is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan . It is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
The east wall of the antechamber is interrupted by a large opening flanked by representation of Osiris at left and Anubis at right ; this in turn leads to the side chamber , decorated with offering scenes , preceded by a vestibule in which the paintings portray Nefertari being presented to the gods who welcome her .
Laurens is a city in Pocahontas County , Iowa , United States .
Debian 5.0 ( lenny ) was released February 14 , 2009 after 22 months of development .
Surrounding the whole castle are large earthworks , designed by the Italian Federigo Gianibelli , and begun in the year before the Spanish Armada .
Virginia is a city in Cass County , Illinois , United States .
Common land types include hot springs , fumaroles and geysers .
Membership of RIANZ is open to any record label operating in New Zealand , and is dominated by the American and UK owned '' Big Four '' ( EMI , Sony , Universal and Warner Music ) who have four of the five full memberships to the RIANZ .
The android pubic bone is the ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis .
The Ancient Greeks covered their bread with oils , herbs and cheese .
Works believed incomplete or of doubtful authenticity at the time of cataloguing were listed in the BWV Anhang ( BWV appendix ) , and are identified by BWV Anh number .
Dereham , also known historically as East Dereham , is a town and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk .
Germ-X products are manufactured by Vi-Jon Laboratories , based in St. Louis , Missouri .
After playing in youth teams , Drogba made his professional debut aged 18 for Ligue 2 club Le Mans .
Johansson rose to fame with her roles in 1998 's The Horse Whisperer and 2001 's Ghost World .
Elmer Keiser Bolton ( June 23 , 1886 - July 30 , 1968 ) was an American chemist and research director for DuPont , notable for his role in developing neoprene and directing the research that led to the discovery of nylon .
Peter Tork ( b. February 13 , 1942 ) is an American musician and actor , best known as a member of The Monkees .
These could include the contrast of a word or phrase with its primary , namely Mallory Mackenzie literal meaning ( known as a denotation ) , with what that word or phrase specifically denotes .
Opeth is a Swedish progressive death metal band from Stockholm , formed in 1990 .
One of its hotels , the Lion of Waterloo , established by Nicolas Hyeronimus in 1842 , is the oldest operating west of the Blue Mountains , and is near the venue of the last recorded duel fought on Australian soil in 1854 .
Along with a website , they also produce a monthly subscription magazine titled '' TechNet Magazine '' .
The word '' Grameen '' , derived from the word '' gram '' or '' village '' , means '' of the village '' .
The typical male orgasm can last up to 17 seconds but may vary from a few seconds up to about a minute .
Here , after taking part in the Siege of Saragossa , he was named commander of the army of Aragon and governor of that region , which he by wise , unlike that of most of the French generals , and adriot administration no less than by his brilliant valor , in two years brought into complete submission .
The incident sparked some heat between the two , later involving Sony Pictures ' Amy Pascal urging Taymor to agree to the shorter version .
He was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir .
The largest mud volcano structures are 10 k in diameter and reach 700 m in height .
They also approve of the first part of Ali 's caliphate , and , like Shi'as , disapprove of Aisha 's rebellion against him and also disapprove of Muawiya 's revolt .
It 's proper name is Rigil Kentaurus ( often shortened to Rigil Kent ) , which comes from the Arabic phrase Al Rijl al Kentaurus , meaning '' foot of the centaur , '' but is nusually referred to by its Bayer designation Alpha Centauri .
Tetrapods ( Greek tetrapod , equivalent to Latin quadruped , '' four-footed '' ) are vertebrate animals having four limbs .
A coil forming the shape of a straight tube ( a helix ) is called a solenoid ; a solenoid that is bent into a donut shape so that the ends meet is called a toroid .
In 1988 , after falling sales , the new owners , Chrysler , decided to end Jalpa production .
The states of Washington and Oregon are to the west , Nevada and Utah are to the south , and Montana and Wyoming are to the east .
The school itself was established in 1886 .
April 3 & ndash ; Shipwrecked steward Poon Lim is rescued by Brazilian fishermen after being adrift for 130 days .
Godwinson was subsequently defeated within a month by another Viking descendant , William , Duke of Normandy ( Normandy had been conquered by Vikings ( Normans ) in 911 ) .
The entire fleet was operated by South West Trains up until February 2007 , when the Class 442 services were replaced by Class 444 and Class 450 Desiros .
Their aforementioned bioluminescent '' fireworks '' are combined with the writhing of glowing arms , erratic movements and escape trajectories , making it difficult for a predator to home in .
In the Household Cavalry , the equivalent appointment is Lance-Corporal of Horse .
He has played for Nissan Motors and Japan national Team .
They have later appeared in various merchandise , spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise .
See Sovereignty in cases of Mandated Territories , in '' International law and the protection of Namibia 's territorial integrity '' , By S. Akweenda , Martinus Nijhoff Publishers , 1997 , ISBN 9041104127 , page 40
The weave pattern determines which harness controls which warp yarns , and the number of harnesses used depends on the complexity of the weave .
-- b State name in Serbo-Croatian and Macedonian languages ( the name is identical in both ) , spelled in the Cyrillic alphabet .
The old Cobb and Co inn dates from that time as a staging post for Cobb and Co coaches .
The heterokonts or stramenopiles are a major line of eukaryotes currently containing more than 100,000 known species , most of them diatoms .
The song was written for and sung by The Beatles ' drummer Ringo Starr as the character '' Billy Shears '' ; it is ranked # 304 on Rolling Stone 's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .
Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six : Vegas 2 is an installment in the Rainbow Six series .
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Becoming an employee Most individuals attain the status of employee after a job interview with a company .
The author described these circumstances as unique to MissingNo . , and called its popularity an unusual case .
The Speech of the Athenian envoys .
It is bounded in the west by the east coast of Queensland , thereby including the Great Barrier Reef , in the east by Vanuatu ( formerly the New Hebrides ) and by New Caledonia , and in the north approximately by the southern extremity of the Solomon Islands .
Honors The State of Israel honored Ten Boom by naming her Righteous Among the Nations .
Events and Trends King George III was crowned upon the British throne in 1760 .
Sir Redmond Barry died of the effects of a carbuncle on his neck on 23 November 1880 , twelve days after Kelly .
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hamas 's 1988 charter calls for replacing the State of Israel with a Palestinian Islamic state in the area that is now Israel , the West Bank , and the Gaza Strip .
Against these expectations , however , Titus proved to be an effective emperor and was well-loved by the population , who praised him highly when they found that he possessed the greatest virtues instead of vices .
The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart .
Durnan was the recipient of the Vezina Trophy as top goaltender in each of his first four seasons , from 1944 to 1947 , becoming the first to capture the award in four successive seasons .
When the Reichstag convened in September 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in Papen 's government .
San Ignacio de Sabaneta is the capital and a municipality of Santiago Rodriguez in the northwestern part of the Dominican Republic .
Schama 2004 , p. 505 France declared war on Austria ( 20 April 1792 ) and Prussia joined on the Austrian side a few weeks later .
Dana Fuchs ( January 10 , 1976 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and voice over talent most famous for her role as Sadie in the 2007 film Across the Universe .
These were supplemented by a 2-4-2T , Lyn , built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia , USA , as the Company realized that three locos would be insufficient .
Christopher I of Denmark is crowned King of Denmark in Lund Cathedral The first European gold coins are minted in the Italian city of Florence , and are known as florins .
North Dakota sits essentially in the middle of North America , and in fact a stone marker in Rugby , North Dakota , identifies itself as being the '' Geographic Center of the North American Continent '' . With 70762 s , North Dakota is the 19th largest state .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire with Georges Caussade , and under the composer Vincent d'Indy at the Schola Cantorum .
It is part of Konami 's Castlevania video game series , and the third installment of the series on the Game Boy Advance .
Nuclear Free Zone Another well-known nuclear-free community is Berkeley , California , whose citizens passed the Nuclear Free Berkeley Act in 1986 which allows the city to levy fines for nuclear weapons-related activity and to boycott companies involved in the United States nuclear infrastructure .
The name was replaced with Franklin in the 2005 season .
Families indigenous to the Caucasus Three of these families have no current members outside the Caucasus , and are considered indigenous to the area .
Additionally taking into account the magnetic momentum arising from the electron spin into account .
The current definition of rookie status for the award is based only on Major League experience , but some feel that past NPB players are not true rookies because of their past professional experience .
Level 7 : Carnival : Enjoy the rides at a carnival .
Because brackish water is hostile to the growth of most terrestrial plant species , without appropriate management it is damaging to the environment ( see article on shrimp farms ) .
The term neurobiology is usually used interchangeably with the term neuroscience , although the former refers specifically to the biology of the nervous system , whereas the latter refers to the entire science of the nervous system .
Italians predominate in the capital , Curitiba and in the coast .
Sebastian Vettel ( born July 3 , 1987 in Heppenheim , West Germany ) is a German race car driver , and the 2009 Formula One World Drivers ' Championship Runner-up .
Blackpool ( ) is a seaside town in Lancashire , England .
The police then entered the Freetown on a massive scale and were this time met by violent protesters who threw stones and shot fireworks at the police vehicles , and built barricades in the street outside the Christiania gate .
The studios were then known as EMI Studios until EMI formally changed their name to Abbey Road Studios in 1970 .
Hassan is a successful '' kite runner '' for Amir , knowing where the kite will land without even watching it .
In the Cayman Islands , in the Caribbean , there is an annual Cinco de Mayo air guitar competition .
Rather than selling products individually , a subscription sells periodic ( monthly or yearly or seasonal ) use or access to a product or service , or , in the case of such non-profit organizations as opera companies or symphony orchestras , it sells tickets to the entire run of five to fifteen scheduled performances for an entire season .
Castillon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Thyroid neoplasm or thyroid cancer usually refers to any of four kinds of malignant tumors of the thyroid gland : papillary , follicular , medullary or anaplastic .
There is a network of tunnels which are evidence of chalk-workings , though there is no evidence of an extensive tunnels under the town centre .
official_name = Dolhasca
The skull is very solidly built , with that of adults having no trace of an independent bone structure .
The combination of his scientific background and an interest in the development of college land in Cambridge led to a visit in 1984 to universities and science parks in the USA , including an innovation center in Salt Lake City , Utah .
The disease has an incubation period of 2 to 3 weeks .
Originally known as Mosman - the name was changed to avoid confusion with the Sydney suburb of Mosman - it is located on the Captain Cook Highway 75 km north of the regional city of Cairns , and 15 km east of the Mount Carbine Tableland .
Today the television is still a major source of recipe information , with international cooks and chefs such as Jamie Oliver , Gordon Ramsey , Nigella Lawson and Rachael Ray having prime time shows and backing them up with Internet websites giving the details of all their recipes .
Derry BT48 LONDONDERRY Derry , Cityside , Ballynagard , Coshquin , Rosemount , The Collon , Culmore .
She subsequently appeared in a controversial television commercial for Burger King , in which her character criticized McDonald 's and claimed to eat only at Burger King .
According to the MIPT website , there had been 84 incidents involving ASALA leaving 46 dead and 299 injured , including the following : Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ( ASALA ) , MIPT Terrorism Knowledge Base
The blood cells are mainly red blood cells ( also called RBCs or erythrocytes ) and white blood cells , including leukocytes and platelets .
Its area is , of which about three quarters are considered productive .
It is situated south south-west of Charing Cross .
This program earned the bank the 2004 Petersburg Prize worth of EUR 100,000 / - , for its contribution of Technology to Development .
Celtic Park is a football stadium in the Parkhead area of Glasgow in Scotland .
It is a striking and fielding team game , which involves hitting a small , hard , leather-cased ball with a round wooden , plastic or metal bat and then running around four bases in order to score .
On Census day ( 29 April 2001 ) there were 8,372 people living in Magherafelt .
Founded in 1889 to serve as a winter pursuit for the Brentford Rowing Club , the club spent its early years in the lower divisions of the Football League and achieved little of note , save for a move to its present day home ground , Griffin Park , in 1904 .
The viola d'amore shares many features of the viol family .
It was discovered on 18 July 1999 by John J. Kavelaars et al . and provisionally designated S\/1999 U 1 .
Vich is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Before removing a whole criticism section or article and distributing its parts over other sections of the article , which may be the best way ahead , consult other editors on the talk page .
Interpretation is difficult due to a limited supply of evidence , based mainly on an incomplete fossil record and chemical signatures left in Cambrian rocks .
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
Northwest also operated flights from its Asian hub at Narita International Airport ( Tokyo ) . Transatlantic flights were operated from its European hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in cooperation with its partner airline KLM .
Therefore stars will rise in the east , culminate on the north-south line ( meridian ) and set in the west , ( unless a star is circumpolar ) .
Tablets were also used for love spells and , when used in this manner they were placed inside the home of the desired target .
Microsoft 's Professional Developers Conference ( or PDC ) is a conference for software developers , normally Windows developers .
He left a few recordings of his playing as well as a number of piano rolls .
Its rotation period is typical for large asteroids , but nothing is known of its axial tilt .
-- November 16 , 1831 ) was a Prussian soldier and German military theorist who stressed the moral and political aspects of war .
Between January 23 , 2007 and September 11 , 2007 , Nickelodeon released five DVD sets for the season : four sets containing five episodes each , and a fifth DVD collection of all twenty episodes .
It sold a record 2.4 million in its first week of release .
Aargau ( German ; rarely anglicized Argovia ) is one of the more northerly cantons of Switzerland .
Such sentiments are also prevalent in Azerbaijan as well , and stem from the loss of the Nagorno-Karabakh War , the Khojaly Massacre , and also for domestic political reasons .
The parameter is at the same time the mean , the median and the mode of the normal distribution .
Sir Ian Murray McKellen , CH , CBE ( born 25 May 1939 ) is an English actor .
Reforms of Oxford University after two Royal Commissions in the latter half of the 19th century led to removal of many of the restrictions placed on the college 's fellowships and scholarships , such that the college ceased to be predominantly full of Welsh students and academics .
Since the exit of General Motors from rear-drive full-size cars with the Chevrolet Caprice , it held a near-monopoly as a pursuit vehicle in North America , despite front-wheel-drive offerings such as the Chevrolet Impala .
On June 24 , 1922 , the organization changed its title a final time to the National Football League .
Angel Road railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield at Edmonton in north east London , and is in Travelcard Zone 4 , on the Tottenham Hale branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
History The London Borough of Croydon was formed in 1965 from the Coulsdon and Purley Urban District and the County Borough of Croydon .
Many television shows aimed at a younger audience frequently use innuendos as a way of attracting older viewers without offending their network 's censorship .
During Aeschylus 's lifetime , dramatic competitions became part of the City Dionysia in the spring .
, Yoshi 's Safari , Hotel Mario , Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga , where they played the role of minibosses , and New Super Mario Bros. .
His experimental technique , using nuclear physics , was able to remove protons and neutrons from the bismuth atoms .
They can change colour rapidly and the primary purpose of colour change is for communication with other chameleons and for controlling body temperature by changing to dark colours to absorb heat .
The most common are red- green hereditary photoreceptor disorders , but it is also possible to acquire color blindness through damage to the retina , optic nerve , or higher brain areas .
To the west are Enarson Hall , the Kuhn Honors House , Browning Amphitheatre ( a traditional stone Greek theatre ) and Mirror Lake .
Titanian maria ( large hydrocarbon seas ) are named after sea monsters in world mythology .
Fibulae replaced straight pins that were used to fasten clothing in the Neolithic period and Bronze Age .
Nihilism is often associated with the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche , who provided a detailed diagnosis of nihilism as a widespread phenomenon of western culture .
For example , a data set containing all the real-estate transactions in a town can be grouped by the year each transaction occurred , the sale price , a buyer 's last name and so on .
The PlayStation 3 was first released on November 11 , 2006 in Japan , November 17 , 2006 in North America , and March 23 , 2007 in Europe and Oceania .
He is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the Moon .
Spain is a democracy organised in the form of a parliamentary government under a constitutional monarchy .
Also , a tornado does not necessarily need to have an associated condensation funnel -- if strong cyclonic winds are occurring at the surface ( and connected to a cloud base , regardless of condensation ) , then the feature is a tornado .
In 1854 , the town was elevated to the category of Military Post and in 1858 it was incorporated into a municipality of the Santiago province .
The Christian Right has promoted the teaching of creationism and intelligent design in addition to the teaching of evolution .
As of 2010 , a maximum of four players can be inducted in one year but the greatest number of players ever inducted in a year was 27 , in 1962 .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
As a result of this , in 1994 -- 2000 Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Slovakia as well as Mexico and the Republic of Korea became members of the organization .
Hodgkin 's lymphoma , also known as Hodgkin 's disease , is a type of lymphoma ( cancer originating from a type of white blood cells called lymphocytes ) .
Two months after formation , the club name was officially changed to Shimizu S-Pulse .
The author has recently stated that a movie is in the works .
Serial ports are still used in applications such as industrial automation systems , scientific instruments , shop till systems and some industrial and consumer products .
Callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period , so the same face is always turned toward Jupiter .
Rimons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Gordon Gray April 28 , 1949 - April 12 , 1950 Harry S. Truman
Yvon of the Yukon is a cartoon television show developed by Studio B Productions and Corus Entertainment .
Sidecar-Cross racing , also known as Sidecar Motocross , is very similar to regular , '' solo '' motocross but with a different type of motorcycle chassis , and with a team of two people riding together instead of one , a '' driver '' and a '' passenger '' .
The Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria has raised some .
Heinrich and Ekaterina married on October 12 , 1852 . The marriage was troubled from the start .
The Benelux region has a total population of about 27,725,734 and occupies an area of approximately .
Lars Ulrich ( born December 26 1963 ) is a Danish drummer best known as one of the founders of American heavy metal band Metallica .
Phagocytes of humans and other animals are called '' professional '' or '' non-professional '' depending on how effective they are at phagocytosis .
Pyroclastic fall could also have a deleterious effect on the ice fields to the east of Mount Garibaldi , causing more melting and spring flooding .
Cowley is a town in Big Horn County , Wyoming , United States .
The boiling point can not be increased beyond the critical point . Likewise , the boiling point decreases with decreasing pressure until the triple point is reached .
RPM International Inc , a chemical sealant company
Tar kilns are dry distillation ovens , historically used in Scandinavia for producing tar from wood .
Popularly known as Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , it was a guide to running a Victorian household , with advice on fashion , childcare , animal husbandry , poisons , the management of servants , science , religion , and industrialism .
The first batch ( BR numbers 15201-15203 ) were built by the SR in 1937 and were later classified D3/12 .
info on 24.08.2008 From 1934 to 1961 , the city was named Staliniri ( ) , after Joseph Stalin .
It is of interest as being perhaps the first surviving text in the Leonese dialect , but more probably it represents an Iberian Romance predating any useful distinction between Leonese and Castilian .
F major key is the home key of the English horn , the basset horn , the horn in F , the trumpet in F and the bass Wagner tuba .
Notes discovered in Heidelberg University library by Agostino Vespucciin a Florentine city official reinforced Vasaril 's earlier indentification of the model .
All of the prefecture-level cities except Longyan , Sanming , and Nanping are found along the coast .
It can also be used to refer to :
Marcus is a city in Cherokee County , Iowa , United States .
Founded in 1948 , its headquarters is located in the Lake Geneva area in Gland , Switzerland .
But a better-known , more widely-used formulation of the time-energy uncertainty principle was given only in 1945 by L. I. Mandelshtam and I. E. Tamm , as follows .
The Library 's considerable collections of general overseas and rare book materials , as well as world-class Asian and Pacific collections which augment the Australiana collections .
Some publishers wanted a shorter book , others a longer one .
Iodine pentafluoride , IF5 , is a fluoride of iodine .
Delta is composed of three distinct communities : Ladner , Tsawwassen and North Delta .
Stephen Gerald Breyer ( born August 15 , 1938 ) is an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court .
Dorian meets Lord Henry Wotton , a friend of Basil 's , and becomes enthralled by Lord Henry 's world view .
The Olive Ridley ( Lepidochelys olivacea ) , also known as the Pacific Ridley , is a species of sea turtle .
Currently an alleged acting boss along with the Corozzo brothers .
Vivid crimson coloring , slight moistness , elasticity , and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron .
Vouchsafe , O Lord : to keep us this day without sin .
The consensus of ancient historians was that Claudius was murdered by poison - possibly contained in mushrooms or on a feather - and died in the early hours of 13 October 54 .
Antioch on the Orontes ( ; ; ; Arabic : , Antakya ; also Great Antioch or Syrian Antioch ) was an ancient city on the eastern side of the Orontes River .
Kelendria Trene Rowland ( born February 11 , 1981 ) commonly known as Kelly Rowland , is an American recording artist , actress , dancer and model who rose to fame as one of the founding members of the American girl group Destiny 's Child .
P ( ; named pee ) is the sixteenth letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet .
Following the November Uprising in 1831 , Vilnius University was closed and Russian repressions halted the further development of the city .
Paul Revere incorporated bees , a beehive , and the sun into his design of the school 's seal , which is masonic in nature .
Moca is the capital of Espaillat province in the Dominican Republic .
When Eisenstein arrived at the American border , a customs search of his trunk revealed sketches and drawings of Jesus caricatures amongst other material of a lewd pornographic nature .
The essential oil of the flavedo ( the outermost , pigmented layer of rind ) was also regarded as an antibioticNatural healing Website .
Broomstick redirects here .
Polish Prisoners of War ( POWs ) in the Woldenberg ( Dobiegniew ) Oflag II-C POW camp were granted permission by their German captors to stage an unofficial POW Olympics during July 23 to August 13 , 1944 and an Olympic Flag made with a bed sheet and pieces of colored scarves was raised .
Many Major League alumni have called Northern League teams home in an effort get back to the Majors .
Another count of murder was withdrawn by the prosecution in what was later described as '' an abuse of process '' by the presiding judge Patrick Devlin , causing questions to be asked in Parliament about the prosecution 's handling of events .
Animators can work in a variety of fields including film , television , video games , and the internet .
Furthermore , the wreck is slowly collapsing ; the top of the wreck is now at , and many of the passageways have begun to collapse .
Linwood G. Dunn expanded the concept in the 1930s , and the development continued well into the 1980s , when the printers were controlled with minicomputers .
Sometimes Stroma is included , which is part of Caithness , and so falls under Highland council area for local government purposes , not Orkney .
This enabled Roh to differentiate himself from Chun , and helped by a divided opposition , he was elected as the next president of South Korea .
Common alternative spellings are provided with cross-references such as '' Color : see Colour . ''
The war broke out due to political and ethnic struggles , partly caused by the numerous attempts of the southeastern provinces of Nigeria to secede and form the Republic of Biafra .
Unlike the 1967 Tube Stock , the trains are built 40 m wider to take advantage of the Victoria line 's slightly larger than normal loading gauge compared with the other deep-level tube lines .
The trio was composed of Peter Yarrow , Paul Stookey , and Mary Travers .
In PVC , an appropriately sized rubber stopper with a hole cut into it is equally acceptable , or to finely sand and buff the end of the pipe to create a comfortable mouthpiece .
