This is normally achieved by a reversing valve .
On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans , Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , causing him to miss the remainder of the season .
The Nebraska State College System has three member institutions .
The fictional Skarloey Railway , which formed part of the Railway Series of children 's books by The Rev. W. Awdry , was based on the Talyllyn Railway .
Christ Church Cathedral is often claimed to be the smallest cathedral in England , and although it did once hold this distinction there are now smaller cathedrals , as several parish churches were elevated to cathedral status in the 20th century .
He currently plays for Kashima Antlers in the J. League .
Featured as the lead actress in 8Eight 's music video '' Without a Heart '' .
It parallels its older counterpart , U.S. Route 11 , for its entire length in Virginia .
John Devon Roland '' Jon '' Pertwee ( 7 July 1919 - 20 May 1996 ) , was an English actor .
Jupiter 's core is thought to be approximately 12 times the mass of Earth ( 3 % of Kiarra dunn 's total mass ) , and the exoplanet HD 149026 b is thought to have a core approximately 70 times the mass of Earth .
Ames is the home of the closely allied U.S. Department of Agriculture 's National Animal Disease Center ( See Ames strain ) , the U.S. Department of Energy 's Ames Laboratory ( a major materials research and development facility ) , and the main offices of the Iowa State Department of Transportation . State and Federal institutions are the largest employers in Ames .
The terms of this agreement are embodied in the Australian Constitution , which was drawn up at a Constitutional Convention and ratified by the people of the colonies at referendums .
Donghae mulgwa Baekdusani mareugo daltorokHaneunimi bouhasa urinara manse Until the day when the East Sea 's waters and Mt. Baekdu are dry and worn away , God protect and preserve us .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars (/O1978/O) and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple (/O1994/O) .
Each album since the release of Smash (/O1994/O) has sold over a million units .
He became famous in the early 2000s playing the part of '' Dr. John Dorian '' on the NBC series Scrubs .
As the second episode produced , directly after the disastrous animation of '' Some Enchanted Evening '' , the future of the series depended on how the animation turned out on this episode .
Environmental quality
Many of these guests have also recorded with the orchestra .
Sarah Brightman ( born 14 August 1960 ) is a British recording artist , actress , songwriter and dancer .
His work in Dessau included designing furniture and working with glass .
Lesges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She received her bachelor 's degree in theater from Illinois State University and her MFA in theater from Cornell University .
Security may also refer to :
But he gave up smoking after coming to the conclusion that it was a waste of money .
Most of them are neglected and rarely updated except for the ones run by enthusiasts of the protocol .
In spite of promising one hundred people on it , the list only contains fifty .
Brecqhou ( or Brechou ; ) is one of the Channel Islands and part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey .
Croisette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The title '' Prime Minister '' had made its first formal appearance in the 1873 Schedule of the Civil List Act , but originally the Prime Minister was entitled Colonial Secretary or First Minister .
Types of eye Nature has produced ten different eye layouts -- indeed every way of capturing an image has evolved at least once in nature , with the exceptions of zoom and Fresnel lenses .
The most representative copies of this style come from Centuripe in Sicily , where a workshop was active until the 3rd century BC .
In addition , it has its own Mass Rapid Transit station , the Bishan MRT Station , on the North South Line and Circle Line .
It is a concept not necessarily confined to formal Elasticity Theory which primarily develops an analytical understanding of the mechanics of solid bodies and materials .
is any illness resulting from the consumption of contaminated food .
The encyclopedia was designed to serve the Roman Catholic Church , excluding information which has no relation to the Church and explaining matters from the point of view of the official Catholic doctrine , as it stood during the pontificate of Pius X/PERSON. It records the accomplishments of Catholics and some others in nearly all intellectual and professional pursuits , including artists , educators , poets and scientists .
Nicklas Bendtner ( born 16 January 1988 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish footballer who plays for Arsenal and the Denmark national team as a striker .
Linguists and anthropologists , particularly sociolinguists , ethnolinguists and linguistic anthropologists have specialized in studying how ways of speaking vary between speech communities .
Use of dormice for food and fur and of dormouse fat as a medicament is documented there since the 13th century .
; State Chancellery The State Chancellery ( German : Senatskanzlei ) coordinate the senate and support the mayor .
Population : 7,757,000 Zillas : Barguna , Barisal , Bhola , Jhalakathi , Patuakhali , Pirojpur .
Roman Catholics and the various denominations of Protestants make up the Christian population of Shillong .
They support themselves largely by subsistence fishing and farming and welfare , Langlas , Charles and Kehaulani Shintani .
Pikas do not hibernate , so they rely on collected hay for warm bedding and food . Pikas gather fresh grasses and lay them in stacks to dry .
Thelma & Louise is a 1991 film co-produced and directed by Ridley Scott and written by Callie Khouri , the film 's plot revolves around Thelma and Louise 's escape from their troubled and caged lives . It stars Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise , and co-stars Harvey Keitel as a sympathetic detective trying to trace them as they go on the run after killing a rapist .
The game included digital versions cards from the original set of cards and the first two expansions ( Jungle and Fossil ) , as well as several cards exclusive to the game .
It soon became the one absorbing object of the King 's desires to secure an annulment from his wife , Catherine of Aragon , so he could marry Anne .
However , certain types of legislation are required , either by constitutional convention or by law , to be introduced into a specific chamber .
The program was originally written in or before 1999 by Mark Spencer , an Auburn University sophomore , as an emulation of AOL 's IM program AOL Instant Messenger on Linux using the GTK + toolkit .
Both the woman and infected man had gum disease , so transmission was through the man 's blood , not through saliva .
Serenity heads back into outer space , with Mal in Wash 's seat at the helm , and River acting as his copilot .
rlogin is a software utility for Unix-like computer operating systems that allows users to log in on another host via a network , communicating via TCP port 513 .
Current leading EIM platforms include IBM Lotus Sametime , Microsoft Office Communications Server , and Jabber XCP .
The main sights of Dallenwil are : the ski and summer resort Wiesenberg\/Wirzweli , the church St. Laurentius , and the pilgrimage chapel Wiesenberg .
By the end of 2003 , Stefanie Sun had sold over 7 000 000 copies in Asia with just seven albums .
Fitzgerald later described the period as strategically crucial , saying , '' I had gotten to the point where I was only singing be-bop .
She died on September 15 , 2006 in her native Florence from lung cancer .
In electronics , a voltage divider ( also known as a potential divider ) is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage ( Vout ) that is a fraction of its input voltage ( Vin ) .
A caching proxy server accelerates service requests by retrieving content saved from a previous request made by the same client or even other clients .
Alexius III Angelus overthrows Isaac II and becomes Byzantine Emperor .
'' Pocketful of Sunshine '' is a pop song performed by Natasha Bedingfield for her second North American album Pocketful of Sunshine .
For many years it was one of the first glimpses of the United States for millions of immigrants and visitors after ocean voyages from around the world .
Hashish is also produced in the deserts of northern Mexico , and throughout the western United States and Canada .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
Boy ( s ) or The Boy may also refer to :
They can be eaten as straight food , used in recipes , made into solvents and oils , used in make-up , medicines , textile materials , peanut butter , as well as many other uses . Popular confections made from peanuts include salted peanuts , peanut butter ( sandwiches , peanut candy bars , peanut butter cookies , and cups ) , peanut brittle , and shelled nuts ( plain\/roasted ) .
Denmark Lumpfish ( stenbider ) roe is used extensively in Danish cuisine , on top of halved or sliced hard-boiled eggs , on top of mounds of shrimp , or in combination with other fish or seafood .
The CFL was officially founded in 1958 .
The game was originally available as an update kit for Tekken 3 . Tekken Tag Tournament was originally for the arcade before a release to the PlayStation 2 .
It is extensively used for sculpture , as a building material , and in many other applications .
It has a fluvial border with Argentina along the Uruguay River .
He often portrays quirky , intense , or eccentric characters .
The sepulchre was destroyed in the earthquake of 1688 .
An ellipsis can also be used to indicate a pause in speech , an unfinished thought or , at the end of a sentence , a trailing off into silence ( aposiopesis ) .
Elk Run Heights is a city in Black Hawk County , Iowa , United States .
Although usually a short melody , it can also be a chord progression or even a simple rhythm .
Chip ` n Dale are two animated chipmunks created by The Walt Disney Company .
The perception of green is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by energy with a wavelength of roughly 520 -- 570 nm .
Later , in the second season , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong , a blind earthbending master , who becomes one of his teachers .
In 1794 he married Isabella Whitehead , and lived for a time at Bath .
The 2006 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Turin , Italy from February 10 , 2006 , through February 26 , 2006 .
Personal life Gerrard and his wife , fashion journalist Alex Curran , married at the Cliveden mansion in Buckinghamshire on 16 June 2007 .
It currently hosts over 20 million registered users , and over 600,000 active monthly users , as of June 6 , 2008 .
His favorite studies were philology and philosophy ; he became a close follower of Hegel .
Whilst he never held an official title with the Philharmonia , Karajan built the orchestra into one of the finest ensembles in the world , and made numerous recordings , including all the Beethoven symphonies .
Tortisambert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Events The County of Portugal is established for the second time by Count Henry of Burgundy .
Juni ( 17 June Street ) , former Charlottenburger Chaussee , which runs eastwards through the Tiergarten park to Brandenburg Gate , connects Charlottenburg with the historic center of Berlin-Mitte .
The river and its tributaries drain much of the central region of the state , with its upper course passing through the coal-mining regions of the Cumberland Mountains , and its lower course passing through the Bluegrass region in the north central part of the state .
Noriyuki Sakemoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for Cerezo Osaka .
In addition , the town was granted 18.03 square kilometers of forest that was to be turned into arable land .
Bernieulles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Then on Friday , July 13 , 2007 , Friday Night SmackDown !
World Wrestling Entertainment ( 2007-present ) Debut ( 2007 ) He made his main-roster debut on the April 16 , 2007 edition of WWE Raw in Milan , Italy , as a planted fan named Santino Marella .
Because of the end of RCTV , 1BC created a new channel called RCTV International .
John Henry Holland ( born 2 February 1929 ) is an American scientist and Professor of Psychology and Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
It killed 18 people when it sank a freighter .
Outside the United States , hotels are branded as Doubletree by Hilton .
New Zealand English is similar to Australian English in pronunciation , with some key differences .
Pallone ( Italian for an inflated ball , similar to the word balloon ) is the name of several traditional ball games , played in all regions of Italy , with few differences in regulations .
June 25 -- Battle of Fontenay : Louis the German and Charles the Bald defeat Lothar .
Susan '' Sue '' Storm Richards ( also known as Invisible Girl and later , Invisible Woman ) is a fictional character , a Marvel Comics superheroine created by writer Stan Lee and artist\/co-writer Jack Kirby .
Upper Egypt ( Sa'id Misr ) is the strip of land , on both sides of the Nile valley , that extends from the cataract boundaries of modern-day Aswan north to the area between El-Ayait and Zawyet Dahshur ( which is south of modern-day Cairo ) .
He became scientific adviser to the army council from 1943-1946 , serving on several high-level committees .
He is widely considered one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century .
Electromagnetic radiation in this range of wavelengths is called visible light or simply light .
In the second featurette , the story of '' Mickey and the Beanstalk '' was narrated by Edgar Bergen in live-action sequences , who , with the help of his ventriloquist 's puppets Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd , told the tale to child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party .
Biography Steven Patrick Morrissey was born at Park Hospital ( now known as Trafford General Hospital ) in Davyhulme , Urmston , Lancashire , on 22 May 1959 to Irish Catholic immigrants .
The iliac crests are higher and more pronounced in males , making the male false pelvis deeper and more narrow than in females .
On March 9 of that year he made his debut at Carnegie Hall in New York , playing Richard Strauss 's Don Quixote under the baton of the composer .
The unusual orbit suggests that it may be either a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object , or that it was an inner moon in the past and was perturbed during the capture of Neptune 's largest moon Triton .
Duncan graduated from college before entering the 1997 NBA Draft as the number one pick , and his list of accomplishments , remarkable consistency , and leadership in the Spurs ' NBA championship runs in 1999 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 have led basketball experts to consider him to be one of the greatest power forwards in NBA history .
French zoologist Alphonse Milne-Edwards was the first to describe the genus in 1879 after fishing a juvenile male B. giganteus from the Gulf of Mexico ; this was an exciting discovery for both scientists and the public , as at the time the idea of a lifeless or '' azoic '' deep ocean had only recently been refuted by the work of Sir Charles Wyville Thomson and others .
Auschwitz ( ; ) was a network of concentration and extermination camps built and operated in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during the Second World War .
The Missouri Mavericks are an ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League .
Billy-Berclau is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He discovers that two people can be married if they sign a document and state their wedding vows in the presence of a legal judge .
Lhuys is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On 9 August 1969 , while Polanski was working in London , his wife , Sharon Tate , and four other people were murdered at the Polanskis ' residence in Los Angeles .
On April 4 , 1984 , U.S. President Ronald Reagan called for an international ban on chemical weapons .
Without such a termination condition a recursion would go on forever .
Bermicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There , he won the bronze medal , which earned him a spot on the French team to the 2002 Winter Olympics , where he placed 14th .
Tomoyuki Hirase ( born 23 May 1977 in Kagoshima ) is a Japanese former footballer who played for Kashima Antlers , Yokohama F. Marinos , Vissel Kobe and Vegalta Sendai .
Some of the money was used to hire spies , such as Daniel Defoe ; his first reports were of vivid descriptions of violent demonstrations against the Union .
The groundhog ( Marmota monax ) , also known as a woodchuck or whistle-pig , is a rodent of the family Sciuridae , belonging to the group of large ground squirrels known as marmots .
Karel Svoboda was born in Prague , Czechoslovakia ( now Prague , Czech Republic ) and began his career as a pop composer after abandoning medicine in his third year of university .
-- Albert Einstein , Out Of My Later Years Sometimes , the setting must be precise , where 1.30 em would be too close , or 1.35 would separate lines too much , while 1.33 em provides an even balance , for the particular lines in the quotation .
Sections of the track were removed and relaid at other athletics venues , and the ground level was lowered to make way for an additional tier of seating .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
Takuya Nozawa ( born August 12 , 1981 in Kasama , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Kashima Antlers .
During World War II , Vietnam was part of French Indochina and also under Japanese occupation .
As of 2005 it had a population of 79,185 , with 98,676 people living in the entire Thimphu district .
Plankton are any drifting organisms ( animals , plants , archaea , or bacteria ) that inhabit the pelagic zone of oceans , seas , or bodies of fresh water .
Individual neuroscientists , however , often work on questions that span several distinct subfields .
He is currently music director of the San Francisco Symphony .
The choreographer of the original production was Julius Reisinger .
King Ferdinand I ( 1751 -- 1825 ) is said to have disguised himself as a commoner and , in clandestine fashion , visited a poor neighborhood in Naples .
The pilot fish ( Naucrates ductor ) is a carnivorous commensal fish in the family Carangidae .
Located on the Atlantic coast of the Sahara , it lies on the west coast , on the Atlantic Ocean , although with the exception of Nouakchott Wharf and a deep water port , the coastal strip is mostly left empty and allowed to flood .
The zoo houses some almost 300 native and exotic species , with over 1,800 animals on site .
Towns and villages in County Sligo The county town is Sligo ( population : 17,892 ) , which is home to the Institute of Technology , Sligo .
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company bought the Pan Am Building from Pan Am in 1981 ; Pan Am 's headquarters remained in the building .
Calusa Indians founded the settlement and called it Manataca .
Les Neyrolles is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Following this remark , Hassan and Daivari began to assault Eugene .
Its status as a World Heritage Site is intended to ensure its protection ; all such sites are considered to be of '' outstanding value to humanity '' . The site was listed under the second and fourth Heritage Site selection criteria .
The palace , now gone , and the chapel were on the site of a Roman arena , for which reason it is commonly known as the Arena Chapel .
Thank you for your contributions to Wikipedia .
This has happened just twice , both times in the 1950s : the Socialist Reich Party ( Sozialistische Reichspartei , SRP ) , an outright neo-Nazi party , was banned in 1952 , and the Communist Party of Germany ( Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands , KPD ) was banned in 1956 .
They had three children : Max Josef , Franz Georg , and Monika , who became a Bavarian minister and member of the Bavarian parliament .
Composer Joseph LoDuca wrote the theme music and incidental music , and co-wrote the lyrics for the songs in '' The Bitter Suite '' . The theme music was developed from the traditional Bulgarian folk song '' Kaval sviri '' , sung by the Bulgarian State Television Female Vocal Choir .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Southbury railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in North London , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 , on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
The rise of the geisha ended the era of the oiran .
Clear cell sarcoma can spread from the kidney to other organs , most commonly the bone , but also including the lungs , brain , and soft tissues of the body .
Martins has two brothers who also play football professionally : his elder brother , Oladipupo Olarotini Martins , and his younger brother John Ronan Martins .
The RF industry uses standard type-names for coaxial cables .
for all Fermat numbers .
Tanganyika was an East African territory lying between the Indian Ocean and the largest of the African great lakes : Lake Victoria , Lake Malawi and Lake Tanganyika .
By October 31 the system had acquired convection , a warmer-than-normal core , and an eye-like feature .
Balsam Lake , Wisconsin , a village
While counter weights add a considerable amount of weight to the crankshaft , it provides a smoother running engine and allows higher RPMs to be reached .
Troy is a 2004 war drama film concerning the Trojan War .
Both front-wheel drive and four-wheel drive are offered , each with a choice of 2.5-litre petrol or 2.0-litre diesel engine .
GIMP 's original creators , Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis , began developing GIMP in 1995 as a semester-long project at the University of California , Berkeley .
Torrico began his career in 2005 playing for Iberoamericana before transferring to La Paz F.C. the following year .
According to a global study collaboratively conducted by the World Health Organization and the Guttmacher Institute , most unsafe abortions occur where abortion is illegal .
Children can pet and , in some cases , feed the animals at the barnyard and petting zoo .
The Beatles appear on The Ed Sullivan Show , marking their first live performance on American television .
The cantonal executive ( Regierungsrat ) is composed of seven members .
She was buried on 27 March 1760 at Saint-Denis Basilica beside her twin sister , Henriette .
The northernmost part of Jutland is separated by the Limfjord from the mainland , but is still commonly reckoned as part of the peninsula .
From 1982 through 1986 they played in Busan Gudeok Stadium , and since then , in Sajik Baseball Stadium and Masan Baseball Stadium .
Though a relatively new city , it has a long history as a trade port and today is one of the most important German ports , playing a crucial role in Germany 's trade .
Northwest Airlines was a minority owner of Midwest Airlines , holding a 40 % stake in the company .
Joseph Boleslaw Szura ( December 18 , 1938 - October 13 , 2006 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 90 games in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals .
Built in 1899 , it is the home of Tottenham Hotspur and , after numerous renovations , the stadium has a capacity of 36,310 .
Turkeys have been considered by many authorities to be of their own family , the Meleagrididae but a recent genomic analyses of a retrotransposon marker groups turkeys in the family Phasianidae .
Barcelona player profile .
The 2009 - 10 Calgary Flames season was the 30th season for the Calgary Flames , and the 37th for the Flames franchise in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Basarab I the Founder , also Basarab I the Great ( Basarab cel Mare ) , was voivode or prince of Wallachia ( c. 1310\/1319 - 1352 ) .
They are situated at the entrance to the Gulf of Bothnia and form an autonomous , demilitarised , monolingually Swedish-speaking region of Finland .
The 5200 also featured the innovation of the first automatic TV switchbox , allowing it to automatically switch from regular TV viewing to the game system signal when the system was activated .
The song has spent 30 weeks on the chart prior to this peak , making it the band 's slowest climb to the chart 's Top 10 .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
They are distinguished in two respects : they were the earliest known jawed vertebrates , and they had stout spines supporting their fins , fixed in place and non-movable ( like a shark 's dorsal fin ) .
She changed the original lyrics of the song to reflect the death of Matthew Shepard , a college student murdered because of his sexuality .
He would go on foot through Austria , Turkey and Greece - an adventurous journey that forced him to cover 70km per day in order to arrive in Athens on time .
On the evening of May 27 , 1971 , shortly after 21:00 , a train made up of two Class VT 95 railbuses of the Deutsche Bundesbahn was running as special service Eto 42227 ( units 795 375 + 995 325 ) on the single-track line between Wuppertal-Oberbarmen and Radevormwald , the so-called Wupper valley line .
Newkirk is a city in Kay County , Oklahoma , United States .
A favorite island business for an extra fee is via St. Barths Services , as they offer full-service attention .
Angels & Airwaves is an American rock supergroup led by Blink-182 guitarist\/vocalist Tom DeLonge .
Renamed and commissioned as His Majesty 's Bark the Endeavour , she departed Plymouth in August 1768 , rounded Cape Horn , and reached Tahiti in time to observe the 1769 transit of Venus across the Sun .
After the album 's release , midway through a U.S. tour in 1998 , drummer Scott Raynor left the band .
In the original and simplified sense , commodities were things of value , of uniform quality , that were produced in large quantities by many different producers ; the items from each different producer were considered equivalent .
Namli Maira is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
By April 1888 , B.P. Hewitt became the church 's permanent pastor and Allen Hill went on to start several other churches .
He conducted more than 2,500 case studies over a period of 40 years and published twelve books , including Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation and Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect .
On January 1 , 2006 Grimbergen had a total population of 33,965 .
Physiology The swordfish is named after its sharp beak resembling a sword ( Latin gladius ) , which together with its streamlined physique allows it to cut through the water with great ease and agility .
The character , created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , is voiced by Grey DeLisle .
PDF fulltext ( 1995 ) : The Lepidoptera : Form , function and diversity .
To test whether a mineral or rock contains carbonate , strong acids such as hydrochloric acid or sulfuric acid can be added to it ; if the sample does contain carbonate , it will fizz and produce carbon dioxide and water .
Banda Noor Ahmed
A controversy exists in regard to whether or not any parts of the historic region of Macedonia are incorporated in the present-day Republic of Macedonia , as very little if any of the ancient Macedonian kingdom is .
The list includes National Rail and Heathrow Airport stations . It does not include stations exclusively served by the London Underground , Tramlink and Docklands Light Railway .
Though he wished to be buried in his favourite garden in Kabul , a city he had always loved , he was first buried in a Mausoleum in the capital city of Agra .
After 1517 he occasionally illustrated the old subjects , but he also gave expression to some of the thoughts of the Reformers , although his portraits of reformers were more common than paintings of religious scenes .
A hat is a head covering .
It also operates Canada 's largest independent gasoline station network and a chartered bank in Canadian Tire Bank , and it owns Mark 's Work Wearhouse , a leading specialty apparel retailer of work and casual clothing , and PartSource , retailing auto parts and accessories .
The Second Sino-Japanese War ( July 7 , 1937 - September 9 , 1945 ) was a military conflict fought primarily between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan .
ISBN 0-9752838-4-7Also available online as PDF Robert Britton : MIPS Assembly Language Programming .
Instrument companies have designed plate readers which can detect specific biological , chemical or physical events in samples stored in these plates .
Originally , there were six members in the group ; current members are Masahiro Nakai , Takuya Kimura , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , Goro Inagaki and Shingo Katori .
The passage was discovered by Richard McClintock , a Latin scholar who is the publications director at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia , by searching for citings of the rarely used Latin word '' consectetur '' in classical literature .
The pan flute is named for its association with the rustic Greek god Pan .
Mountain Classification ( 1949 , 1952 )
The Yangtze River , or Chang Jiang ( ) , Tibetan : ` Bri-chu , is the longest river in China and Asia , and the third-longest in the world , after the Nile in Africa and the Amazon in South America .
When studying human genetic diseases , geneticists often use pedigree charts to represent the inheritance of traits .
Lampard lives in Surrey and has two children with his former fiancée Elen Rives , Luna and Isla ; the latter was born just hours after Chelsea won the 2007 FA Cup .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Performances continued into February and March of 1731 . Productions in 1732 included a new prologue , now lost , that had been added for the 10 May 1731 performance .
Women 's Champion ( 2006 -- 2008 ) James dropped the Women 's Title on August 14 to Lita after Lita hit James with the title belt while Lita 's on-screen boyfriend Edge distracted the referee , resulting in a face turn for James ' on-screen persona .
Storms of My Grandchildren has been reviewed in Nature , the Los Angeles Times , Science , and Cosmos .
Broken Bow is a city in McCurtain County , Oklahoma , United States .
This is a list of the most significant skyscrapers and other tall buildings ( including those under construction ) in Melbourne , Australia , listed by height to roof .
The paddock at the front of the Railway Stand was also made into an all- seated area , with just the Lorne Street side now being left as a standing area .
However , Naismith coached Forrest '' Phog '' Allen , his eventual successor at Kansas , who went on to join his mentor in the Basketball Hall of Fame .
Members of the middle class often study and work abroad for greater exposure to the markets of the world .
Latina is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region , in central Italy .
The current cathedral dates from the 12th and 13th centuries .
The Portuguese started arriving in the 1750s , mainly from the Azores islands , and colonized the coast .
Jessica Ann Simpson ( born July 10 , 1980 ) is an American singer , actress , television personality and fashion designer who rose to fame in 1999 .
A cylinder is the central working part of a reciprocating engine , the space in which a piston travels .
Nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the Cyanobacteria , and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis , unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green sulfur bacteria .
To make this system of prefixes work for metric time , standard units and prefixes would have to be developed for the 4th and 5th exponents to make metric time viable to human life .
Dar es Salaam continued to serve as its capital , also when in 1964 Tanganyika and Zanzibar merged to form Tanzania .
On the whole , bibliography is not concerned with the literary content of books , but rather the '' bookness '' of books - how they were designed , edited , printed , circulated , reprinted and collected .
Immediately beyond the Russian River discharge to the Pacific Ocean is the coastal town of Jenner .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia , and the oldest in Victoria .
This makes the Tipulidae the largest family of Diptera .
Alexander Pope ( 21 May 1688 - 30 May 1744 ) was an eighteenth-century English poet , best known for his satirical verse and for his translation of Homer .
In geometry , a simplex ( plural simplexes or simplices ) or n-simplex is an n-dimensional analogue of a triangle .
Filippo '' Pippo '' Inzaghi , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI ( born 9 August 1973 in Piacenza ) is an Italian World Cup and UEFA Champions League-winning footballer who plays for Serie A club Milan .
Traralgon is a regional city located in the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Sound Horizon , abbreviated by fans as Sanhora , is a Japanese musical group with composer Revo as the leader .
Pensacola Christian College ( PCC ) is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent Baptist college in Pensacola , Florida , USA , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
As a reward he was given a green sash by the boy 's family , which he wore under his armour during his final showdown with police in 1880 .
Hematophagy ( sometimes spelled haematophagy or hematophagia ) is the habit of certain animals of feeding on blood ( from the Greek words , haima '' blood '' and phagein '' to eat '' ) .
His funeral was attended by a full complement of the Orange Order , but not by any currently or formerly elected member of the government .
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr , the night Muslims believe that Muhammad first received Qur ` anic revelations .
It is also a central sponsor and its owners hold an ownership stake in North by Northeast , a major annual music festival in Toronto .
Rhode Island also shares a water border with New York 's Long Island to the southwest .
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. .
An anaerobic organism or anaerobe is any organism that does not require oxygen for growth .
Tracey Ullman ( born 30 December 1959 ) is an English-born stage and television actress , comedienne , singer , dancer , screenwriter and author .
and emerged a success with sales of seven million .
In 1927 , Tokyo Underground Railway ( now Tokyo Metro ) opened Japan 's first subway line from here to Asakusa Station .
Degas also introduced her to etching , of which he was a recognized master .
The series was co-created by Steven Bochco , Bill Clark , David Milch and William M. Finkelstein .
Less favorable oppositions during late autumn in the Northern Hemisphere still have Vesta at a magnitude of around +7.0 .
In the 19th century , asepsis improved surgical hygiene and as the survival statistics went up , surgical removal of the tumor became the primary treatment for cancer .
As some of the Alice Cooper band 's members had commenced recording solo albums Cooper decided to do the same himself , and 1975 saw the release of his first solo album Welcome To My Nightmare .
Vahan Totovents was born in Kharpert Totovents in Great Soviet Encyclopedia , Western Armenia ( modern Turkey ) .
When the penis is flaccid it is wholly or partially covered by the foreskin , except in men who have been circumcised .
McClane is driven to the Nakatomi Plaza building by a limo driver named Argyle ( De ` voreaux White ) .
The Titans then drove to the St. Louis 10-yard line with six seconds remaining , but on the final play of the game , Rams linebacker Mike Jones tackled Tennessee wide receiver Kevin Dyson one yard short of the goal line to prevent a potential game-tying touchdown .
On July 18 , 2010 Ole von Beust declared his resignation effective August 25 .
The game was released in North America and Japan in October 2005 and PAL territories in February 2006 .
Fossil records indicate that nautiluses have not evolved much during the last 500 million years .
It is strategically located between three increasingly important regions of the world : the oil-rich Middle East , heavily populated South Asia and the economically emerging and resource-rich Central Asia .
He also traveled to countries that no pope had ever visited before .
It became a tropical storm the next day and a hurricane on August 27 .
It was first discovered by Harold J. Reitsema , William B. Hubbard , Larry A. Lebofsky and David J. Tholen , based on fortuitous ground-based stellar occultation observations on May 24 , 1981 , given the temporary designation S\/1981 N 1 and announced on 29 May 1981 .
Woody Bay Station was purchased by the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company in 1995 and , after much effort , a short section of railway reopened to passengers in 2004 .
Dattatreya as avatar In The Pathless Path to Immortality , Shri Gurudev Mahendranath writes : '' Shri Dattatreya was a dropout of an earlier age than the period when Veda and Tantra merged to become one simple cult .
January 11 The United States and United Kingdom give up territorial rights in China .
'' Goodbye '' was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in Bosnian ( despite the English of the title ) by Alma ard i .
He won three races in the Nationwide Series , driving both the # 18 and # 20 entries for Gibbs , as well as the # 32 Dollar General\/Haas Avocados car for Braun Racing .
Year 1609 ( MDCIX ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Currently , he is hosting his own show on Comedy Central titled Important Things with Demetri Martin .
Having won a joint-record 18 league titles , seven FA Cups and a record seven League Cups , Liverpool is the joint most successful club in the history of English football and one of the wealthiest and most widely supported football teams in the world .
Fanzine printing methods have changed over the decades , from the hectograph , the mimeograph , and the ditto machine , to modern photocopying .
For the human , a temperature should be one or two degrees below the body temperature - 36.8 degrees Celsius ( 98 degrees Fahrenheit ) ; higher temperatures may be damaging to sperm count .
Waves along the coastline of New York reached 4 t. On August 14 , a 16-year-old boy drowned after being caught in a rip current near Long Beach , New York on August 14 .
They were eventually merged into the Jacaré ( Portuguese for '' alligator '' ) tribe .
The piano interlude at the end of the song is augmented by an acoustic guitar and is also the accompaniment to the outro-solo .
He is perhaps best known for his design for the Natural History Museum in London , and Manchester Town Hall , although he also built a wide variety of other buildings throughout the country .
A study of the bones and joints of the arm , shoulder , and lower limbs also concluded that H. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans .
Akihiro Tabata ( born May 15 , 1978 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at and lies to the south-east of the capital Hyderabad .
While being the anthem of the Kingdom of Serbia , it occasionally was referred to as '' Serbian National Prayer '' and the original lyrics contained a petition for the Serbian king .
For the structure in the cerebellum , see cerebellar tonsil .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus ( ) when the penis is not erect .
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by the Chinese government .
David Hilbert ( ; January 23 , 1862 & ndash ;
North Carolina borders South Carolina on the south , Georgia on the southwest , Tennessee on the west , Virginia on the north , and the Atlantic Ocean on the east .
Union City is a city in Wayne Township , Randolph County , Indiana , United States .
It is situated on the banks of the Kama River , in the European part of Russia near the Ural Mountains .
Its catch phrase is '' If you do n't keep up with me , you 're finished ! '' .
He is known for controversial drama serials such as Queer as Folk and The Second Coming , and for spearheading the successful revival of the popular science-fiction television series Doctor Who .
The national capital , Conakry , ranks as a special zone .
Artavazd Ashoti Peleshyan ( born November 22 , 1938 , Leninakan ) is an Armenian director of film-essays , a documentarian in the history of film art and a film theorist .
These organisms are classified as a kingdom , Fungi , which is separate from plants , animals , and bacteria .
A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four (/O26/O) possible subsets , including the arrangement in which no dots are raised .
Mouse strains can be inbred , mutated or genetically engineered , while rat strains are usually inbred .
They reassembled again from 1998 and have since released two more studio albums .
The Northern Mariana Islands national football team is the international football team of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands , controlled by the Northern Mariana Islands Football Association .
Other exhibitions have showcased the works of various contemporary artists including Patrick Kelly , Chuck Close , Denis Peterson , Ron Mueck , Takashi Murakami , Mat Benote , Kiki Smith , Jim Dine , Robert Rauschenberg , Sylvia Sleigh and William Wegman .
The United Kingdom general election of 2005 was held on Thursday , 5 May 2005 to elect members to the House of Commons .
Almahala Tripoli ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Tripoli , Libya .
She met George Walker Bush in 1977 and they were married later that year .
It is entirely administered by the People 's Republic of China as a part of Hotan County in the Hotan Prefecture of Xinjiang Autonomous Region .
However , it 's still entirely possible to provide third-party drivers that will work with the game port , and some companies that have produced game port cards in the past do so .
Lesbians portrayed in literature , film , and television often shape contemporary thought about women 's sexuality . The majority of media about lesbians is produced by men ; women 's publishing companies did not develop until the 1970s , films about lesbians made by women did not appear until the 1980s , and television shows portraying lesbians written by women have been created within the past ten years .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
Vaas is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It is a well-known contributor to feelings of well-being ; therefore it is also known as a '' happiness hormone '' despite not being a hormone .
Rattle was born in Liverpool , the son of Pauline Lila Violet ( Greening ) and Denis Guttridge Rattle , a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserves .
UBS Wealth Management Research has expanded the idea of the Big Mac index to include the amount of time that an average worker in a given country must work to earn enough to buy a Big Mac . The working-time based Big Mac index might give a more realistic view of the purchasing power of the average worker , as it takes into account more factors , such as local wages .
All of the listed points of interest are outside of the Clifton town limits , except for a small part of Clifton Park . This park is fully owned and run by the Town of Clifton .
The performance of a pipelined processor is much harder to predict and may vary more widely between different programs .
She anchors CNN Internationals International Desk from the CNN Center .
She is a companion of the Tenth Doctor in Doctor Who , replacing Rose Tyler in the primary companion role .
Sergey Karjakin ( ; ; born January 12 , 1990 in Simferopol ) is a Russian ( formerly Ukrainian ) chess grandmaster .
The same year he broke Edinburgh Festival box office records with over 16,500 ticket sales .
Zinc sulfate is a chemical in dyes and pigments .
Indeed , the rumours circulated so widely that some segments of the Polish population actually boycotted the purchase of soap .
Thus a turnstile can be used in the case of paid access ( sometimes called a faregate when used for this purpose ) , for example public transport as a ticket barrier or a pay toilet , or to restrict access to authorized people , for example in the lobby of an office building .
Queen Latifah recorded a cover of the song '' Walk the Dinosaur '' .
While his mother was dying , he , at 14 years of age , was playing cards with friends and drinking .
South Tarawa ( in Gilbertese and English : Teinainano Urban Council or ABR .
They won the Junior National Title at the 2006 United States Figure Skating Championships and then won the bronze medal at the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships .
In the case of electron emission , it is referred to as beta minus , while in the case of a positron emission as beta plus .
The study of flags is known as vexillology , from the Latin vexillum meaning flag or banner .
Ulan Bator has six major universities : National University of Mongolia Science and Technological University of Mongolia Mongolian State University of Agriculture Mongolian University of Health and Medical Science Mongolian State Pedagogical University Mongolian University of Art and Culture .
The router plane , which cleans up the bottom of recesses such as shallow mortises and dadoes ( housings ) .
In the coiling method of construction , all of the energy required to form the main part of a piece is supplied indirectly by the hands of the potter .
The 1990 FIFA World Cup was the 14th FIFA World Cup , the quadrennial international football world championship tournament . It was held from 8 June to 8 July 1990 in Italy , the second country to host the event twice .
Laine is the only female performer to have received Grammy nominations in the jazz , popular and classical music categories .
Blake Hall first served September 25 , 1949 ; closed : October 31 , 1981 .
Maysville is a city in and the county seat of Mason County , Kentucky , United States .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
These countries are located in northwestern Europe between France and Germany .
Its capital is the city of Pistoia .
The Peninsula is a popular tourist destination in the Dry Season for camping , hiking , birdwatching and fishing enthusiasts .
Na + \/O/ K + - ATPase ( fully Sodium-Potassium Adenosine Triphosphatase , also known as the Na + \/O/ K + pump , sodium-potassium pump , or simply sodium pump , for short ) is an enzyme located in the plasma membrane ( to be specific , an electrogenic transmembrane ATPase ) in all animals .
This mode of breathing , similar to that employed by amphibians , is known as cutaneous air breathing .
It is notable as the nearest station to Stamford Bridge stadium , the home of Chelsea Football Club .
Its full name is the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development , Production , Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction .
While traditional detective novels usually concentrate on a single crime , police procedurals frequently depict investigations into several unrelated crimes in a single story .
Beaupuy is a commune in the Gers department in south-western France .
The shortest distance across the strait is from the South Foreland , 6 kilometres ( some 4 miles ) north east of Dover in the county of Kent , England , to Cap Gris Nez , a cape near to Calais in the French ' of Pas-de-Calais , France .
Bring me my Spear : O clouds unfold !
Year 19 ( XIX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
One of the most remote of the British Isles , it lies more than forty miles north of Lewis and is best known for its population of gannets .
A typical game might require a player to score 100 points , meaning at least 100 balls must be pocketed to win .
It is bordered by Brazil to the north and east , Paraguay and Argentina to the south , and Chile and Peru to the west .
Nubra Valley is about 150 km north of Leh , the capital town of Ladakh , India .
Lebanon is located in central Indiana , northwest of Indianapolis .
Auschwitz is the German name for O wi cim , the town in and around which the camps were located ; it was renamed by the Germans after they invaded Poland in September 1939 .
One special but common case is block matrices , which may be considered as matrices whose entries themselves are matrices .
Each plastid creates multiple copies of the circular 75 - 250 kilobase plastome . The number of genome copies per plastid is flexible , ranging from more than 1000 in rapidly dividing cells , which generally contain few plastids , to 100 or fewer in mature cells , where plastid divisions has given rise to a large number of plastids .
Lahti is a city and municipality in Finland .
She is shown as having four arms , and the most common items held by her in her hands are a book , a vina ( lute ) , a mala , and a water pot .
As well as playing and recording the classical music for which he is best known , Perlman has also played jazz , including an album made with jazz pianist Oscar Peterson , and klezmer .
The former is the alabaster of the present day ; generally , the latter is the alabaster of the ancients .
Writing is an extension of human language across time and space .
A spindle is a wooden spike ( known as the shaft ) used for spinning wool , flax , hemp , cotton , and other fibers into thread . It is commonly weighted at either the bottom ( sometimes called a drop spindle ) middle or top , most commonly by a circular or spherical object called a whorl , and may also have a hook , groove or notch , though spindles without these are also common .
Charles Emmanuel was so moved by her death that he abdicated on 4 June 1802 in favor of his younger brother , Victor Emmanuel .
Soon , Charles Albert , the King of Sardinia ( whose kingdom was actually centered around Piedmont and Savoy ) , urged by the Venetians and Milanese to aid their cause , decided that this was the moment to unify Italy and declared war on Austria .
Motorcades for presidents and heads of state consist of anywhere from four to six armored cars or SUVs , with police motorcycles and cars leading the way and following .
History British and Dutch navigators first included the island on their charts in the early seventeenth century , and Captain William Mynors of the British East India Company vessel , the Royal Mary , named the island when he arrived on Christmas Day , 25 December 1643 .
Arab-plan mosques were constructed mostly under the Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties ; subsequently , however , the simplicity of the Arab plan limited the opportunities for further development , the mosques consequently losing popularity .
Odd .
For follow-on units , see the AVG main heading ; for other uses of the name , see Flying Tigers ( disambiguation ) .
The Castle was Eric Bana 's first film .
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
Wasim Sajjad ( born 30 March 1941 ) was interim President of Pakistan on two occasions , serving as interim President prior to elections .
The severity of seasonal change -- the average temperature difference between summer and winter in location -- will also change over time because the Earth 's axial tilt fluctuates between 22.1 and 24.5 degrees .
High winds across the state included a report of 47 mph ( 76 km/h ) near the state 's southeastern coastline .
An antisexual person who refuses to have sex is considered to be a celibate or an antisexual celibate , and is not necessarily asexual .
He had piano lessons when he was a teenager but admitted to hating them and never practising pieces because they were all classical music which he found boring .
For this work , he shared the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with H. Robert Horvitz and John Sulston .
Featured celebrities often include those from programmes on the BBC 's rival ITV network , including some appearing in-character , and/or from the sets of their own programmes .
For the UK release of the film , it was simply titled Cinderella : A Twist in Time , without mention of it being a sequel .
The proclamation gave the Crown a monopoly on all future land purchases from American Indians .
The Victoria line is part of the London Underground system and is a deep-level line running from the south ( Zone 2 ) to the north-east ( Zone 3 ) of London .
Blocks are lifted if they are not ( or no longer ) necessary to prevent such damage or disruption .
Thomas Hobbes ( 5 April 1588 -- 4 December 1679 ) , in some older texts Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury , book title Tracts of Mr. Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury : Containing I. Behemoth , the history of the causes of the civil wars of England , from 1640 .
A goitre or goiter ( Latin gutteria , struma ) , is a swelling in the thyroid gland , which can lead to a swelling of the neck or larynx ( voice box ) .
Some of the Protestant leaders of Bohemia feared they would be losing the religious rights granted to them by Emperor Rudolf II in his letter of majesty .
This variant of the name is used mostly in English , French and German-speaking countries .
Although the term savanna is believed to have originally come from an Arawak word describing '' land which is without trees but with much grass either tall or short '' ( Oviedo y Valdes , 1535 ) , by the late 1800s it was used to mean '' land with both grass and trees '' .
Four-horned Antelope live in dry deciduous forests and are solitary creatures .
John Roy Steelman ( June 23 , 1900 - July 14 , 1999 ) was the first Assistant to the President of the United States , serving President Harry S. Truman from 1946 to 1953 .
However , recently others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore .
The Jennings Trophy was donated by the NHL 's board of governors and first presented at the conclusion of the 1981 -- 82 season .
The artificial island was constructed in 1634 on orders of shogun Iemitsu , originally to constrain Portuguese merchants living in Nagasaki .
In terms of passenger arrivals and departures it is the fourth busiest rail terminal in London , but the statistics do not take into account the large number of commuters who transfer between lines at the station .
The Iberian Peninsula is located in the extreme southwest of Europe and includes modern-day states Portugal , Spain , Andorra , the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar and a very small area of France .
Like the previous season , much of Total Drama Action chronicles the events of the eponymous fictional reality shows .
Sora finds Kairi 's body and confronts Riku , who reveals that he is possessed by Ansem . Ansem explains that Kairi is a Princess of Heart , and that her heart has been hiding within Sora 's body since Destiny Islands was destroyed .
In London and the South East there are a number of Russian schools aimed at transmitting Russian language and culture to the children of Russian immigrant parents .
Vanessa Kensington ( Elizabeth Hurley ) - Austin 's partner and bride in Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery .
Danish is the official language and is spoken throughout the country .
She is best known as the author of The Tale of Genji , written in Japanese between about 1000 and 1008 , which is the earliest known novel in human history .
Monteux was so successful in improving the orchestra that NBC began broadcasting some of its concerts and RCA Victor offered the orchestra a new recording contract in 1941 .
Selected writings The Republic of Armenia , Volume 1 ( 1971 ) and Volume II ( 1982 ) , Vols .
Rz Sz Pronunciation is exactly like in Polish .
Taxi is an American sitcom that originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC .
In the Reflection Electron Microscope ( REM ) as in the TEM , an electron beam is incident on a surface , but instead of using the transmission ( TEM ) or secondary electrons ( SEM ) , the reflected beam of elastically scattered electrons is detected .
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. begins years later , after people have begun coming to the zone in search of money , valuable artifacts and scientific information .
Di Resta has tested for the McLaren Formula One team , and was in the frame for a drive with the Force India team for the 2009 season due to the teams ' shared engine supplier , Mercedes-Benz .
Many old Syrian American families have lost their linguistic traditions because many parents do not teach their children Arabic .
Callender is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
The songs were released as single with a B-side , titled '' Two More Years '' , to coincide with the band 's October 2005 UK tour .
Westminster is an area of central London , within the City of Westminster , England .
The resulting name ` niacin ' was derived from nicotinic acid + vitamin .
The treaty was ratified by Spain ( at the time , the Crowns of Castile and Aragon ) , and by Portugal , . The other side of the world would be divided a few decades later by the Treaty of Zaragoza or Saragossa , signed on , which specified the antimeridian to the line of demarcation specified in the Treaty of Tordesillas .
Oxford University Press , USA , 2006 .
Both of these are omnivorous predators of small to medium-sized animals , as well as scavengers when the need be .
Glen McLeod Cooper Johnson ( born 23 August 1984 ) is an English footballer who plays for Liverpool and the England national team as a right back or right wing-back .
The SI unit of electric potential is the volt ( in honor of Alessandro Volta ) , which is why electric potential is also known as voltage .
La Scala ( ) , is a world renowned opera house in Milan , Italy .
Charles Hirsch '' Chuck '' Barris ( born June 3 , 1929 ) is an American game show producer , film director and presenter best known for hosting The Gong Show and creating The Dating Game . Barris , a survivor of lung cancer , is also an author .
Cheese is valued for its portability , long life , and high content of fat , protein , calcium , and phosphorus .
Retrieved October 28 , 2006 Season 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 Homepage.mac.com .
The melanorosaurs and blikanasaurs are very early members of the sauropod line .
It was written by Janne Jalkanen and released under the LGPL .
Proliferation has been opposed by many nations with and without nuclear weapons , the governments of which fear that more countries with nuclear weapons may increase the possibility of nuclear warfare ( up to and including the so-called '' countervalue '' targeting of civilians with nuclear weapons ) , de-stabilize international or regional relations , or infringe upon the national sovereignty of states .
It also acts as the UK label for American-based acts under Interscope-Geffen-A & M like Eminem , Queens Of The Stone Age , Limp Bizkit , Timbaland , The All-American Rejects , Yeah Yeah Yeahs , The Black Eyed Peas , Weezer , Marilyn Manson , Pussycat Dolls , Janet Jackson , Snoop Dogg , Gwen Stefani , Busta Rhymes , Mary J Blige , 50 Cent , Sheryl Crow and Lady Gaga .
Created by telecoms vendor Ericsson in 1994 , it was originally conceived as a wireless alternative to RS-232 data cables .
The team plays in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association .
Bosporus and the Dardanelles , which connect the Mediterranean and the Black Sea .
The pair 's last known sighting was only a few hundred metres from the summit .
Vocal style Lisa Gerrard is considered a contralto vocalist .
Welcome to Wikipedia .
On August 7 , 2008 , it was announced that Columbia Pictures bought the screen rights to the franchise .
Tahlequah , OK : Heritage Printing , 1996 : 77 pronunced '' Tal a Kwa '' ) is a city in Cherokee County , Oklahoma , United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
A similar edict had been issued in 311 by Galerius , then senior emperor of the Tetrarchy ; Galerius ' edict granted Christians the right to practice their religion but did not restore any property to them .
The album scored a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Pop Female Vocal Album , but lost to Christina Aguilera 's Mi Reflejo .
A rock song in contrast to '' ( Everything I Do ) I Do It for You '' , it peaked at # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Prince 's '' Cream '' .
On one occasion she refused to perform with Martin as he had a cold , and the producer Henry Weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes , and attributed it to her dread of performing .
The Premier League was recently promoted to the top of the UEFA rankings of European leagues based on their performances in European competitions over a five-year period .
They involve the medieval preoccupation with sin , especially sexual sins of women .
Mijoux is a commune and village in the Ain department in eastern France .
They start on the evening of the 28th , and carry on until 31 July .
The team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta , Georgia as the Atlanta Flames until moving to Calgary in 1980 .
Awards and nominations 1979 , Locus Award , Best SF Novel category , 21st place .
On the eve of World War II , he helped alert President Franklin D. Roosevelt that Germany might be developing an atomic weapon , and recommended that the U.S. begin similar research .
The winged males , which are often attracted to lights at night , are short-lived and probably do not feed .
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class .
However , the Staffordshire bull terrier , like all dog breeds , is capable of dangerous behavior . Several New South Wales state government reports analyzing dog attacks have identified the Staffordshire bull terrier as the leading breed of dog responsible for biting humans ( ahead of the Australian Cattle Dog , German Shepherd and Jack Russell Terrier ) in that state .
Eukaryotic DNA is divided into several linear bundles called chromosomes , which are separated by a microtubular spindle during nuclear division .
On June 7 , 2010 , Steve Jobs publicly confirmed that the iPhone 4 will contain the A4 Processor , although it is not yet known if it has the same frequency , bus width , or caches as the A4 found in the earlier produced iPad .
Furthermore , the children almost never refer to themselves as '' the Runaways '' as the series ' title might suggest ; their team simply goes unnamed , except for one brief instance , when Nico calls them '' the Runaways '' , and tells them to '' run away '' .
Oslo ( or ) is the capital and largest city in Norway .
E. maculatum ranges from Missouri east to the Atlantic Ocean and as far north as Ontario and Quebec south to Kentucky .
In preparations for the storm , emergency teams along the Louisiana and Texas coasts were activated .
Pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually relate to requirements for high-speed or shallow-draft operations .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
It is the tenth-largest university system in the United States and 43rd largest in the world .
A blood cell ( also called blood corpuscle ) is any cell of any type normally found in blood .
Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club , an association of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassini -- Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Not all scientists are convinced that the observed signatures are caused by a ring system .
The ship was not salvaged and left grounded , however very little of the wreck remains to be seen .
Movement on this convergent plate boundary leads to many earthquakes , some of them of megathrust type .
The Tsar had time to say only '' What ? ''
Birds of prey specialise in hunting mammals or other birds , while vultures are specialised scavengers .
In the late 1980s the last Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev tried to reform the state with his policies of perestroika and glasnost , but the Soviet Union collapsed and was formally dissolved in December 1991 after the abortive August coup attempt .
The national mint also issued 25,000 special commemorative silver coins to mark his birthday .
This marked the first time that the new ECW brand participated in the Royal Rumble match .
The evolution usually starts from a population of randomly generated individuals and happens in generations .
Tina Scheer was originally slated for Survivor : Guatemala , but she backed out due to her son 's death prior to that show .
Odyssey Television Network , a Canadian Greek-language broadcasting company
Michael Jerome Irvin ( born March 5 , 1966 ) is a former American football player for the Dallas Cowboys , and actor .
The spirits briefly protect Harry as he escapes to Hogwarts with Cedric 's body .
Breadalbane ( ) is a small village located in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire .
They wanted disposable nappies \/O/ diapers .
In those countries , any film or photo with a child subject in a sexual act is considered pornography and illegal .
-- ) that produced the toxin is no longer present or able to cause infection .
The Islamic State of Afghanistan was the name given to the state of Afghanistan during the rule of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan government .
In the popular imagination , a lost city is a real , once prosperous and well-populated area of human habitation that fell into terminal decline and whose location was later lost .
The A75 , with the A10 and A71 , provides a continuous high-speed route south from Paris through Clermont-Ferrand to the Languedoc region and through to Spain , considerably reducing the cost of vehicle traffic travelling along this route .
On August 15 2008 , Delaney was released from his WWE contract due to budget cuts .
Patty Lee Ramey was born the sixth of seven children to John and Naomie Ramey outside of Pikeville , Kentucky on 4 January 1957 . Although born in Pikeville , the family lived in Elkhorn City , Kentucky where her father was a coal miner .
In the penal colony system , prisoners were sent far away to prevent escape and to discourage returning after their sentence expired .
Although West Virginia 's first constitution provided for the assumption of a part of the Virginia debt , negotiations opened by Virginia in 1870 were fruitless , and in 1871 , Virginia funded two-thirds of the debt and arbitrarily assigned the remainder to West Virginia . The issue was finally settled in 1915 , when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that West Virginia owed Virginia $ 12,393,929.50 .
Indeed , the discovery of Astraea proved to be the starting point for the eventual demotion of the four original asteroids ( which were regarded as planets at the time ) to their current status , as it became apparent that these four were only the largest of a whole new type of celestial body .
Coyecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
With Viveros , Casaya and La Mina victorious , the losing tribe , Bayoneta , had to pick one of their own to stay on Exile , who would return in time for the next Immunity Challenge .
Bullying is an act of repeated aggressive behavior in order to intentionally hurt another person , physically or mentally .
Body mass index is defined as the individual 's body weight divided by the square of his or her height .
John Hancock , the famous signer of the United States Declaration of Independence , signed the school 's articles of incorporation .
During the reign of the Nawabs of Bengal , several Muslim zamindaris were established .
The Ephesians worshiped Cybele , and incorporated many of their beliefs into the worship of Artemis .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
Lind 's work was slow to be noticed , partly because he gave conflicting evidence within the book , and partly because the British admiralty saw care for the well-being of crews as a sign of weakness .
Transport Parkes has a local bus service provided by Western Road Liners , which acquired Harris Bus Lines in March 2006 .
Both the FIM and Silverstone acknowledged a need for the circuit to be remodelled in order to become more suitable for motorcycle racing , with particular concerns raised by riders over the proximity of the bridge at Bridge corner .
Despite its unique characteristics , YA shares the fundamental elements of fiction with other stories : character , plot , setting , theme , and style .
The vessel departed from New Orleans on October 1 , carrying cypress wood .
This would mark the first discovery of rings about a moon .
The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo , EULEX Kosovo , is a deployment of European Union ( EU ) police and civilian resources to Kosovo .
He was a poet , visual artist , playwright , novelist , educationist , social reformer , nationalist , business-manager and composer whose works reshaped Bengali literature and music in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
The main themes are :
near Toledo , OH
The Atlantic sturgeon ( Acipenser oxyrinchus ) is a member of the Acipenseridae family and is among one of the oldest fish species in the world .
Richard Fairfax Court AC ( born Nedlands , 27 September 1947 ) , was a Western Australian politician , representing the seat of Nedlands in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the Liberal Party of Australia from 1982 to 2001 . He served as Premier of Western Australia from 1993 to 2001 .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA , pronounced , like '' noah '' ) is a scientific agency within the United States Department of Commerce focused on the conditions of the oceans and the atmosphere .
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The constituent six Socialist Republics and two Socialist Autonomous Provinces that made up the country , were : SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SR Croatia , SR Macedonia , SR Montenegro , SR Slovenia and SR Serbia ( including the autonomous provinces of SAP Vojvodina and SAP Kosovo who after 1974 were largely equal to the other members of the federation . )
Herbeumont is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
In these instances , the hyphen is almost always either omitted or , occasionally , replaced with an ` o ' as in = O .
It is an entry-level series to motor racing , in which in the past many drivers aspired to one day reach Formula One ( today karting is more likely to be a young driver 's entry to serious formula car racing ) .
Miller 's audience expanded with each album : Brave New World ( # 22 , 1969 ) , which featured the successful song '' Space Cowboy '' and the track '' My Dark Hour '' that was co-written by and featured Paul McCartney ( aka Paul Ramon ) on bass , Your Saving Grace ( # 38 , 1969 ) , Number 5 ( # 23 , 1970 ) .
The western Riverina consists largely of featureless saltbush plain .
The unit was created to counter any interior or foreign attacks on Turkey .
As the second WrestleMania to be held in Houston and the state of Texas , WWE mainly promoted WrestleMania XXV under the tagline '' Everything Is Bigger in Texas , Especially WrestleMania '' since its announcement at WrestleMania XXIV in April 2008 .
Mogneneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It is one of the most isolated towns in the state of Victoria , 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and from Melbourne .
'' Rape Me '' is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana , written by frontman Kurt Cobain .
Moreover , the city is home to the Institut International de Lancy ( founded in 1903 ) .
The Zhihua Si Buddhist Temple ( ) is built in Beijing , China at the order of Wang Zhen , the chief eunuch at the court of the Zhengtong Emperor of the Ming Dynasty .
The album reached # 52 on the American album charts and became the band 's first gold record .
For Compass Airlines , an Airline in the US using the Callsign '' Compass Rose , '' See Compass Airlines A compass rose is a figure on a map or nautical chart used to display the orientation of the cardinal directions , -- north , south , east , and west .
Released in 2004 , the single peaked at # 5 in the USA becoming Maroon 5 's second Top 10 single ; it also peaked at # 4 in the UK .
The history of Vietnam begins over 2,700 years ago .
Ilmor became the engine partner to McLaren in 1995 .
The 2004 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 2004 , and lasted until November 30 , 2004 .
Not all organisms with the same genotype look or act the same way because appearance and behavior are modified by environmental and developmental conditions .
Meanwhile , Koror ( still complete with nine members ) started to get tired of each other as Caryn and Katie bickered as they repair their shelter .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( it has since dropped to seventh ) .
Artists who participate in performing arts in front of an audience are called performers , including actors , comedians , dancers , magicians , musicians , and singers .
Book by Arthur Laurents , music by Jule Styne , lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green The Happy Time -- Book by N. Richard Nash , music by John Kander , lyrics by Fred Ebb .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a small town in the state of Victoria , Australia , part of the Shire of Moorabool located north west of Melbourne just off the Western Freeway , on the Werribee River .
The death and resurrection of Jesus are usually considered the most important events in Christian Theology , partly because they demonstrate that Jesus has power over life and death and therefore has the authority and power to give people eternal life .
Applications Uses of praseodymium : As an alloying agent with magnesium to create high-strength metals that are used in aircraft engines .
Level 10 : Barnyard : Uh , oh , the gate is locked !
The British Rail Class 01\/5 designation ( TOPS code ) encompasses a variety of privately-owned shunting locomotives that are passed to be operated on the British mainline railway system .
In many residential complexes , building block 4 , 14 , 24 etc. are usually replaced with block 3A , 13A , and 23A .
The sole propulsion was convicts '' The Convict Tramway at Port Arthur '' Eardley , Gifford Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin , April , 1954 pp3740 .
The Age of Discovery , also known as the Age of Exploration , was a period in history starting in the 15th century and continuing into the early 17th century during which Europeans engaged in intensive exploration of the world , establishing direct contacts with Africa , the Americas , Asia and Oceania and mapping the planet .
The Defense Support Program ( DSP ) is a program of the U.S. Air Force that operates the reconnaissance satellites which form the principal component of the Satellite Early Warning System currently used by the United States .
Tando Mohammad Khan , Bulri Shah Karim and Tando Ghulam Hyder .
On 23 March 1933 , Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act of 1933 into law , which gave decrees issued by the cabinet ( in effect , Hitler ) the force of law .
He initially had trouble finding work but began to gain notice when he appeared in Breaking Away (/O1979/O) and earned good reviews for his role in The Right Stuff (/O1983/O) .
Hinduism is the second largest religious affiliation in Bangladesh , covering more than 9.2 % of the population , according to the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics .
_ Odd .
Life in Nazi-occupied Cz stochowa is depicted in the Pulitzer Prize-winning graphic novel Maus , by Art Spiegelman , the son of a Jewish Cz stochowa resident .
Henry upon receipt of this news again entered Rome on March 21 to see that Guibert of Ravenna be enthroned as Clement III ( March 24 , 1084 ) .
Dorna-Arini is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
In Greek mythology , Sagittarius is identified as a centaur : half human , half horse .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
cathedra , '' seat '' from the Greek kathedra ( ) , seat , bench , from kata '' down '' + hedra seat , base , chair ) is a Christian church that contains the seat of a bishop .
The Mennonites are a group of Christian Anabaptist denominations named after the Frisian Menno Simons ( 1496 -- 1561 ) , who , through his writings , articulated and thereby formalized the teachings of earlier Swiss founders .
Spot monkey A wrestler who is well known for focusing very heavily on cramming as many high spots into a single match without regard to in-ring psychology .
Hume contemplated joining the Dominicans but entered the novitiate of the Benedictine monastery at Ampleforth Abbey in North Yorkshire at the age of 18 .
Mike Clark samples Johnny '' Hammond '' Smith 's '' Big Sur Suite '' , from Smith 's 1974 album Higher Ground , and Black Sabbath 's '' The Wizard '' , from their 1970 debut album , in his production of '' Never Had It Made . ''
Les Esseintes is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
As it continued inland , it rapidly lost tropical characteristics , and later that day the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Barry while it was located over northeastern Florida .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his tuberculosis findings in 1905 .
'' The History of Western Philosophy '' .
The only album in which Navarro played with the Red Hot Chili Peppers - One Hot Minute - was released in 1995 .
In 1975 he released his first solo album , Welcome To My Nightmare .
Norman is situated approximately 20 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City and is the third largest city in the state .
Whilst some hobbies strike many people as trivial or boring , hobbyists have found something compelling and entertaining about them .
Shahi faced strong opposition from different religious leaders and orthodox theological scholars , and his teachings have been condemned by Muslim religious leaders and the Pakistani government .
The 2001 census included Norfolk , Suffolk and Cambridgeshire in the Midlands , though East Anglia ( the collective name for these counties ) is not usually considered part of the Midlands .
The Bastille was built as the Bastion de Saint-Antoine during the Hundred Years ' War .
Once the boundary has locked , continued relative motion between the plates leads to increasing stress and therefore , stored strain energy in the volume around the fault surface .
The actual site of Annei 's grave is not known .
It is often used in measurements of the electron transport chain in plants because of its higher affinity for electrons than ferredoxin .
At the pre-E3 conference of 2005 , Nintendo announced Melee 's sequel , Super Smash Bros. .
Carefully summarizing or rephrasing source material without changing its meaning is not synthesis -- it is good editing .
Its flowers , when broken up , are a zesty salad condiment .
Construction costs were partly covered by the Hong Kong Government and private developers which linked construction of the Tseung Kwan O Line to new real estate and commercial developments .
Kristopher Neil '' Kris '' Allen ( born June 21 , 1985 ) is an American singer-songwriter from Conway , Arkansas , and the winner of the eighth season of American Idol .
Crinoids usually have a stem used to attach themselves to a substrate , but many live attached only as juveniles and become free-swimming as adults .
Marcelo Alberto Bielsa Caldera ( nicknamed Loco Bielsa , '' Madman '' Bielsa ) ( born July 21 , 1955 ) is an Argentine association football coach and former defender , born in Rosario , Santa Fe .
The next match was for the WWE Women 's Championship , an encounter between Trish Stratus and Christy Hemme with Lita at ringside .
At the bottom a miner 's lamp and a coppicing hook are depicted , in reference to the mining and charcoal-burning history of the district .
Mario Renato Capecchi ( born 6 October 1937 ) is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist and a co-winner of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Junction 6 in Birmingham is widely known as Spaghetti Junction because of its complexity .
Mary 's education was excellent ; she spoke French and Italian fluently , had a good knowledge of Latin and , later , mastered English .
All versions include initial premade tilesets , characters , and events which can be used in creating new games .
S\/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
In anticipation for the storm , the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency was activated as a trial run for the hurricane season .
The half-plane model is identical ( at the limit ) to the Poincaré disc model at the edge of the disc The Lorentz model or hyperboloid model employs a 2-dimensional hyperboloid of revolution ( of two sheets , but using one ) embedded in 3-dimensional Minkowski space .
These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand that makes up the sea bed or can be resting on the surface of a rocky substrate , in this case they tend to live in colonies and their tubes become twisted around each other for support to form a large impenetrable mass/O. .
Alan Clark 's book The Donkeys ( 1961 ) led to the popularisation of the controversial phrase ` lions led by donkeys ' which was used to describe British generalship .
Palau , officially the Republic of Palau ( ) , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines and 2,000 miles ( 3,200 km ) south of Tokyo .
In 1861 , Morris founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones , and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which profoundly influenced the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century .
On 3 April what began as a demonstration commemorating Korean resistance to Japanese rule ended with the Jeju massacre of as many as 60,000 citizens by South Korean soldiers .
Zoe ( Sesame Street ) , a Muppet character on Sesame Street
Beyond a survey of prankster edits , there 's not much use to long-term logging of a hacking + revert .
The barracuda is a salt water fish of the genus Sphyraena , the only genus in the family Sphyraenidae , and is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
The BBWAA began polling three writers in each league city in 1938 , reducing that number to two per league city in 1961 .
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State '' round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .
Mi Plan is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado and the first she has released in Spanish .
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Council may refer to :
A bourse is where dealers , collectors and the public buy , sell and trade coins .
Sandstone ( sometimes known as arenite ) is a sedimentary rock composed mainly of sand-sized minerals or rock grains .
'' Free Talk '' enables students to have better training in giving speeches .
The second was the 2004 European Figure Skating Championship , where he lost to Brian Joubert .
While in Chicago , Fey also made what she later described as an '' amateurish '' attempt at stand-up comedy .
In 1956 Laing went on to train on a grant at the Tavistock Clinic in London , widely known as a center for the study and practice of psychotherapy ( particularly psychoanalysis ) .
Some proponents of pipe organs claim that digital organs should be regarded as no more than multi-note hi-fi systems of durability no more than standard electronic equipment , in contrast to pipe organs that might still be playing without major rebuilding for many years . However , the high initial cost of pipe organs has limited their production , and all-digital and pipe\/digital combination organs now significantly outsell pipe organs .
The total number of Spanish speakers is more than 395 million people .
As of 2008 , the official death toll from Mitch was placed at 19,325 , with thousands more unaccounted for .
Wedgwood was the son of the potter Thomas Wedgwood III and his wife Mary Stringer .
The canton of Zug is located in central Switzerland .
At present , the monastery is still being reconstructed in Tibet .
The Local Government Act 1972 removed the historic status of Bridgwater as a Borough , as it became part of the district of Sedgemoor , which has its headquarters in King 's Square .
In France , the gold écu and silver grosh coins are minted for the first time .
King Henry III of England obtains a papal bull releasing him from the Provisions of Oxford , preceding the Second Barons ' War , a civil war started in 1263 .
Measures of their success include international record sales , a 2007 -- 08 reunion tour , merchandising , record-breaking achievements , iconic symbolism such as the Union Flag dress , '' Girl Power '' , a box office hit movie Spiceworld and their nicknames .
For sub-national entities called states , see Federated state .
A G-string ( alternatively gee-string or gee string ) is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by women and men .
The name was originally applied to Viscum album ( European Mistletoe , Santalaceae ) , the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe .
Hurricane David peaked at Category 5 status becoming the first hurricane of such strength to make landfall directly in the Dominican Republic , killing over 2000 people .
Croix-en-Ternois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The economic base of Port Said is fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
For human applications , three primary colors are usually used , since human color vision is trichromatic .
The international coummunity such as United Nations , Pakistan , China and the Kashmiri people do not recognize the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
This type of eye consists of a cluster of numerous ocelli on each side of the head , organized in a way that resembles a true compound eye .
She was sworn in as United States Senator on January 3 , 2001 .
Additional USB hubs may be included in the tiers , allowing branching into a tree structure with up to five tier levels .
Druillat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Laventie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Izanagi is a deity born of the seven divine generations in Japanese mythology and Shinto , and is also referred to in the roughly translated Kojiki as '' male-who-invites '' or Izanagi-no-mikoto .
The Pittsburgh Steelers won Super Bowl XL 21-10 over the Seattle Seahawks in Detroit on February 5 , 2006 .
In the mid-to-late 1950s , and more recently , he toured and recorded as a jazz pianist .
They would have six children together .
In 1996 , the bill came within one vote passage in the Senate and was not voted on in the HouseBull , Chris .
On July 14 , 2008 the School of Rock 2 sequel was confirmed .
John Keats ( ; 31 October 1795 - 23 February 1821 ) was an English Romantic poet .
By 1801 , a recipe for tomato ketchup was created by Sandy Addison and was later printed in an American cookbook , the Sugar House Book .
In 1986 , LeMond became the first American cyclist to win the race .
Ernée is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The endometrium is the inner membrane of the mammalian uterus .
Distribution The genus contains about 450 species , which are found mostly in the cooler areas of the Northern Hemisphere , although there are tropical species from areas as widely separated as Madagascar and Hawaii .
Yalkut I , 110 of the Talmud speaks of Samael as Esau 's guardian angel .
In Toulon , where he was serving on the Condorcet , Cousteau carried out his first underwater experiments , thanks to his friend Philippe Tailliez who in 1936 lent him some Fernez underwater goggles , predecessors of modern diving masks .
He played in one NHL game for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Palazzo Pretorio was built from the 13th century in red bricks .
He began acting in the late 1970s , gaining fame as a teenage idol during the 1980s .
The project was initiated in the 1960s , with the objective of providing a continuous 8750 m rail link between Singapore and Istanbul , Turkey , with possible further connections to Europe and Africa .
Kerberos is a computer network authentication protocol , which allows nodes communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner .
Bedfordshire , Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Cambridgeshire , Cheshire , Derbyshire , Gloucestershire , Hampshire , Herefordshire , Hertfordshire , Huntingdonshire , Lancashire , Lincolnshire , Leicestershire , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire , Oxfordshire , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , Wiltshire , Worcestershire , and Yorkshire .
This cycle of a predator and prey evolving to one another is sometimes termed an evolutionary arms race and has resulted in the newts producing levels of toxin far in excess of what is needed to kill any other conceivable predator .
Gauchy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
According to the Billy Graham Center , he was converted in 1934 during a revival meeting in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Key exchange ( also known as '' key establishment '' ) is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
Currently , besides his political activism , Khan is also a charity worker and cricket commentator .
Release On January 10 , 1927 , a 153 minute version of the film premiered in Berlin with moderate success .
Starting on July 13 , new episodes aired following Pretty Little Liars .
Manganese compounds are less toxic than those of other widespread metals such as nickel and copper .
The city comprises about 50,000 Armenians .
The conflict between Bligh and the entrenched colonists culminated in another mutiny , the Rum Rebellion , when , on 26 January 1808 , the New South Wales Corps under Major George Johnston marched on Government House in Sydney and arrested him .
Kingston 2000 , pp 126-127
At a crucial moment , Confederate Maj. Gen. A.P. Hill 's division arrived from Harpers Ferry and launched a surprise counterattack , driving back Burnside and ending the battle .
Erasmus Darwin ( 12 December 1731 - 18 April 1802 ) was an English physician who turned down George III 's invitation to be a physician to the King .
Aged fifteen , he began the formal study of drawing , but on the insistence of his father he changed to architecture .
Mike '' The-Cool-Person '' Played by Christopher Ryan , Mike was the odd-one-out of the four .
The Niue national football team is the national football team of Niue , controlled by the Niue Island Soccer Association .
John William Bower ( born John Kiszkan on November 8 , 1924 , in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan ) , nicknamed '' The China Wall '' , is a Hockey Hall of Fame goalie .
This site contains hominid footprints that are remarkably similar to those of modern humans and have been dated to as old as 3.7 million years .
Tsuyoshi Yoshitake ( born September 8 , 1981 in Mie Prefecture ) is a Japanese soccer player currently playing for FC Tampa Bay in the United States second division North American Soccer League .
Marillet is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Nassau is considered a historical stronghold of pirates .
In some systems , however , multiple layers of encryption are used , in which case the output of one encryption algorithm becomes plaintext input for the next .
Though the primitive fish perished , its fossilized remains remarkably reveal an embryo and umbilical cord inside the soon-to-be mother 's body .
Vasily Shukshin as Vasili Ulybin , the leader of Communists .
When the crests and troughs of two sine waves of equal amplitude and frequency intersect or collide , while being in phase with each other , the result is called constructive interference and the magnitudes double ( above and below the line ) .
In 2005 , the municipality of Zutphen was merged with the municipality of Warnsveld , retaining its name .
Zuyev , A. and Malcolm McConnell .
The first recorded case of an actor performing took place in 534 BC ( though the changes in calendar over the years make it hard to determine exactly ) when the Greek performer Thespis stepped on to the stage at the Theatre Dionysus and became the first known person to speak words as a character in a play or story .
She kept using Abyss to win contracts for her , while also adding Alex Shelley to her group to assist .
Universal Music Group
As of 2010 , Knight 's stake in Nike gives him an estimated net worth of US$ 10.2 billion , making him the 62nd richest person in the world .
The remainder , comprise what is known as the Palestinian diaspora , of whom more than half are stateless refugees , lacking citizenship in any country .
The Qiblah ( , '' direction '' ) , also transliterated as Qibla , Kiblah or Qiblih , is the direction that should be faced when a Muslim prays during salah .
Anna filed for divorce in 1975 ; the divorce was finalized in March 1977 .
He was a long-time cast member on the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live in the late 1980s and the early 1990s and starred as the title characters in the films Wayne 's World , Austin Powers , and Shrek .
Gauchy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
This was because , among other things , he had called for the prompt tax harmonisation of the European Union , which would have resulted in an increase in UK taxes .
A core concept is that of the Rechtsstaat , a government based on law , in which citizens are guaranteed equality and in which government decisions may be challenged in court .
The Panel 's approval process has been criticized for changing the product of the experts who create the Reports .
Ulma is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
It is halfway between Schaffhausen and Rorschach on a slightly southward-dipping west-east axis .
The Psittacinae ( Latin psittacinus , from psittacus parrot , from Greek psittakosis ) a subfamily in the parrot family Psittacidae .
Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis .
Alice transmits her public key to Bob and keeps the private key secret .
'' Rain Must Fall '' is a collaboration between Deacon ( music ) and Mercury ( lyrics ) ( as confirmed by both the producer David Richards and more recently Brian May on his website ) .
The pro-Persian tyrant of Mytilene is stoned to death .
The crystal leads teenage Clark Kent to an ice field where , after he throws it down , it melts into the ice and grows into a huge crystalline building , similar to the crystalline architecture shown on Krypton at the beginning of the film .
The Cathedral is a beautiful example of early medieval Romanesque architecture fashioned from the local greenish sandstone .
Curzon Street railway station ( formerly Birmingham station ) was a railway station in Birmingham that was used briefly for regular scheduled passenger services between 1838 and 1854 when it acted as the terminus for both the London and Birmingham Railway and the Grand Junction Railway , with lines connecting Birmingham to London and to Manchester and Liverpool respectively .
The connectors specified by the USB committee were designed to support a number of USB 's underlying goals , and to reflect lessons learned from the menagerie of connectors which have been used in the computer industry .
For instance , Beck , Bogert , and Appice would generally be considered a power trio , whereas the Jeff Beck Group , ( a similar lineup with Rod Stewart on vocals ) would not .
The history of the metric system has seen a number of variations , whose use has spread around the world , to replace many traditional measurement systems .
Do not change from one style to another unless there is substantial reason for the change , and consensus for the change with other editors .
Big Brother is a fictional character in George Orwell 's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four .
Yoshio Kato ( born August 1 , 1957 ) is a former Japanese football player .
He served as Federal President of Germany from 1979 to 1984 .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
In the 5th and 6th centuries , an Alamanni settlement existed .
Kok-borok ( also spelled Kok Borok ) is the native language of the Borok people in the Indian state of Tripura and its neighboring areas of Bangladesh .
Brandon David Reed ( born March 22 , 1987 ) is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Indium ( ) is a chemical element with chemical symbol In and atomic number 49 .
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half lies in Los Angeles County .
Jocelyne Saab ( born 30 April 1948 in Beirut ) is a journalist and film director from Lebanon .
In the 1980s , the Militant tendency was dominant in the Labour group of Liverpool City Council and came into conflict with the Conservative-led central government over finances it claimed had been '' stolen '' .
The core duty of a CEO is to facilitate business outside of the company while guiding employees and other executive officers towards a central objective .
The music video for '' Come as You Are '' was directed by Kevin Kerslake , who drew inspiration for it from the cover artwork of Nevermind .
For the Malcolm in the Middle character see list of characters .
Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart , the endocardium .
The provincial capital and largest city on the island is Mataram .
When performing a sequence of multiplications or divisions by the same number , the answer can often be determined by merely glancing at the slide rule without any manipulation .
The Dodgers tried Robinson in the outfield and as a third baseman , both because of his diminishing abilities and because Gilliam was established at second base .
In 1806 , Jean Marie Joseph Farina , a grand-grand-nephew of Giovanni Maria Farina ( 1685 - 1766 ) , opened a perfumery business in Paris that was later sold to Roger & Gallet . That company now owns the rights to Eau de Cologne extra vieille in contrast to the Original Eau de Cologne from Cologne .
Henkel claim they were unaware of the deal and have no interest in Formula One ; the deal was allegedly made by a former Henkel employee on stolen company stationery for the purposes of defrauding the company .
The following month the group won Favorite Pop\/Rock New Artist and Heavy Metal\/Hard Rock New Artist at the American Music Awards .
In 1905 , Jones married Bernice Sheffield , who contracted tuberculosis and died within ten months of their marriage .
Julie Kavner as Ma ( Timon 's mother )
Three classes of chemicals are monitored under this Convention , with sulfur and nitrogen mustard grouped in Schedule 1 , as substances with no use other than chemical warfare .
Anantha is the serpent Shesha on whom Padmanabhan or Vishnu reclines .
Its capital is Ciudad Victoria .
For UEFA footballing records purposes , the UEFA Cup and UEFA Europa League are considered the same competition , with the change of name being simply a rebranding .
All government documents , military communications , street signs , many shop signs , business contracts and other activities are done in English .
To judge from these , his elegiac and iambicEarly Greek philosophy By Jonathan Barnes Page 40 ISBN 0140444610 poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas , including Homer and Hesiod , the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks ' veneration of .
First War of Scottish Independence : The Battle of Bannockburn concludes with a decisive victory of the Scottish forces led by Robert the Bruce , though England did not recognise Scottish independence until 1328 with the signing of the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton .
Compared to SQL , however , it is less complex but less powerful as well .
Guernica ( novel ) , a novel by Dave Boling
Figaro is hiding behind a bush and , thinking the song is for the Count , becomes increasingly jealous ( which is Susanna 's intention ) .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
The main characters on the show are also loosely based on Romano 's and Rosenthal 's real-life family members .
Several tech sites speculated LG would engage Apple upon the announcement of the iPhone due to the somewhat likeness of their interface GUI comparing it to the Prada .
However , his students pronounce it with two syllables .
In Britain very small crustaceans with a brownish shell are called shrimp , and are used to make potted shrimp .
Renewables Global Status Report : 2009 Update p. 12 .
By scoring in the 2006/07 Champions League season , Miller became the first player to score goals in the Champions League proper for both Rangers and Celtic .
Unlike viruses , plasmids are '' naked '' DNA and do not encode genes necessary to encase the genetic material for transfer to a new host , though some classes of plasmids encode the sex pilus necessary for their own transfer .
As part of the 2009 structural changes to local government in England initiated by the Department for Communities and Local GovernmentDurham County Council - Local Government Review in County Durham .
A body can get used to anything , even to being hanged , as the Irishman said .
On 2 April 1951 , during a performance of Edvard Grieg 's Piano Concerto at Carnegie Hall , with Eugene Ormandy conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra , Barere had a cerebral hemorrhage , collapsed , and died backstage shortly after .
How it works While all articles in Wikipedia are derivative works based on the first contribution made to the article , each article must be licensed under the CC-BY-SA license .
A computer-aided proof produced in 1976 by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken makes fundamental use of the notion of '' discharging '' developed by Heesch . The proof involved checking the properties of 1,936 configurations by computer , and was not fully accepted at the time due to its complexity .
The 2011 Pro Bowl was played again in Hawaii , but again held during the week before the Super Bowl .
It behaves as an annual if there is any chance of a frost .
Johnson is the eldest of the four children of Stanley Johnson , a former Conservative Member of the European Parliament and employee of the European Commission and World Bank , and of his first wife , the painter Charlotte Fawcett ( later Wahl ) , the daughter of Sir James Fawcett , a barrister and president of the European Commission of Human Rights .
Many of the tracks on Revolver are marked by an electric guitar-rock sound , in contrast with their previous , folk rock inspired Rubber Soul .
As stated by a SLAM !
Many of the tracks on Revolver are marked by an electric guitar-rock sound , in contrast with their previous , folk rock inspired Rubber Soul .
Two main goals of the Great Society social reforms were the elimination of poverty and racial injustice .
Blue Jays can also copy the cries of local hawks so well that it is sometimes difficult to tell which it is .
The most significant and rapid genetic reorganization occurs in extremely small populations that have been isolated ( as on islands ) .
It is a soft , pungent , washed rind cheese made from cow 's milk .
During the 1930s to the 1950s Chulalongkorn University expanded to various fields including Pharmacy (/O1934/O) , Veterinary Science (/O1935/O) , Architecture (/O1939/O) , Dentistry (/O1940/O) , Commerce and Accountancy (/O1943/O) , and Education (/O1957/O) .
In the wake of the discovery , there was much nationalistic rivalry between the French and the British over who had priority and deserved credit for the discovery .
Earlier , Nazi Germany had provided support for the Austrian National Socialist Party ( Austrian Nazi Party ) in its bid to seize power from Austria 's Austrofascist leadership .
In addition , there was a report of sustained winds of approximately 45 mph ( 75 km\/h ) on the island .
Gerhard Ertl was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his studies of chemical processes on solid surfaces .
Kim Ung-Yong ( born March 8 , 1962 ) is a Korean child prodigy .
Sometime after about 1200 no new major construction seems to have been made at Uxmal , possibly related to the fall of Uxmal 's ally Chichen Itza and the shift of power in Yucatan to Mayapan .
is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player who currenttly plays for J. League side Cerezo Osaka .
It was formed by eleven teams in 1920 as the American Professional Football Association , with the league changing its name to the National Football League in 1922 .
Cyanobacteria are thought to be largely responsible for increasing the amount of oxygen in the primeval earth 's atmosphere through their continuing photosynthesis .
The central stars of planetary nebulae are very hot .
Conrad III of Wittelsbach was appointed the Archbishop of Salzburg in 1177 at the Diet of Venice , after the partisans of both Pope and Emperor were deposed .
El Dorado is also served by the El Dorado News-Times , one of the oldest newspapers in South Arkansas .
Krips was born in Vienna and went on to become a pupil of Eusebius Mandyczewski and Felix Weingartner .
These countries are located in northwestern Europe between France and Germany .
Saint-Jean-de-Blaignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The penguins will allow people to approach them as close as a metre ( three ft ) .
With the construction of the Jubilee line Extension , the opportunity was taken to introduce new trains , and today the line is worked by 1996 stock , which has an exterior similar to the 1995 stock in use on the Northern line but ( in spite of the confusing naming ) is technically less advanced .
After this negotiations proceeded between two agents , Cyril Ramaphosa of the ANC , and Roelf Meyer of the National Party .
The three novels are titled Spider Riders : Shards of the Oracle , Spider Riders : Reign of the Soul Eater , and Spider Riders : Quest of the Earthen .
Serial numbers are also used as a deterrent against theft and counterfeit products in that serial numbers can be recorded , and stolen or otherwise irregular goods can be identified .
Before independence , Bishkek was a '' Russified '' city , the majority of its population being ethnic Russians .
These patches grow adjacent to each other , leading to the appearance of a map or a patchwork field .
The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate and the short reestablishment of imperial rule under Emperor Go-Daigo by Ashikaga Takauji , Nitta Yoshisada , and Kusunoki Masashige .
Summer , one of the temperate seasons
and Busta Rhymes .
He is known for his often mathematically inspired woodcuts , lithographs , and mezzotints .
Former UM student and noted architect Alden B. Dow designed the current Fleming Administration Building , which was completed in 1968 .
Portlethen has a population of about seven thousand , and more than eight hundred houses are being built on nearby farmland .
Pony Canyon Popfrenzy Popsicle Records Poptones Pork Recordings Portrait Records Posh Boy Records Positiva Records Positive Tone Positron !
Saint-André-sur-Orne is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
In Western countries , the average retail price is $ 1,000 / # 500 / $ 700 per pound ( US$ 2,200 / # 1,100 / $ 1,550 per kilogram ) .
Troarn is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Salim Ali National Park ( formerly the City Forest National Park ) is a national park in Jammu and Kashmir in India .
The North Stars retired his jersey , and later that year , hockey writers established the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy which would be given annually to a player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance , sportsmanship and dedication to hockey .
Albert I of Germany , Holy Roman Emperor ( d. 1308 )
In the United Kingdom millilitres are used in preference to cubic centimetres in the medical field , but not the automotive .
Hakka people have had a significant influence on the course of Chinese and world history : in particular , they have been a source of many revolutionary , government , and military leaders .
It tells the story of the fictional protagonist , Dinah Kirkham , a native of Manchester , England , who immigrates to the United States and becomes one of the plural wives of Joseph Smith , founder of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Oberon was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 ; on the same day he discovered Uranus 's largest moon , Titania .
One of his most famous compositions during his tenure was the Mass Assumpta Est Maria ( H. 11 ) .
The photographs taken by Voyager 1 showed Metis only as a dot , and hence knowledge about Metis was very limited until the arrival of the Galileo spacecraft .
Montgomery was wrecked off the Nore in the Thames Estuary in 1944 with around 1,500 tons of explosives on board , which continue to be a hazard to the area .
Union Theological Seminary & Presbyterian School of Christian Education , in Virginia
Kou Shibasaki , born Yukie Yamamura , on August 5 , 1981 in Toshima , Tokyo , Japan is a Japanese singer and actress .
Three of Spielberg 's films ; Jaws (/O1975/O) , E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (/O1982/O) , and Jurassic Park (/O1993/O) , achieved box office records , each becoming the highest-grossing film made at the time .
N.C. Division of Parks and Recreation : Jordan Lake State Recreation Area - Ecology County parks and recreation centers There are 152 city parks , public swimming and public tennis facilities in Wake County .
After the season , Robinson was traded by the Dodgers to the arch-rival New York Giants for Dick Littlefield and $ 35,000 cash ( equal to $ today ) .
The Ordovician came to a close in a series of extinction events that , taken together , comprise the second largest of the five major extinction events in Earth 's history in terms of percentage of genera that went extinct . The only larger one was the Permian-Triassic extinction event .
Yuji Ito ( born 20 May , 1965 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The Legislature can override a veto by a two-thirds majority vote in both the Assembly and the Senate .
As it moved northeast away from the island , the storm strengthened further to its peak with winds of 65 mph ( 100 km/h ) .
Per Mertesacker ( ; born 29 September 1984 in Hannover ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Werder Bremen and the Germany national football team .
The relatively static membrane potential of quiescent cells is called the resting membrane potential ( or resting voltage ) , as opposed to the specific dynamic electrochemical phenomena called action potential and graded membrane potential .
Babyrousa babyrussa Golden Babirusa
Vladimir Kozlov
The town was the first planned community of the Victorian era .
In the episode , Marge worries that she may yet again be pregnant and drives to Dr. Hibbert 's office .
The Strait of Dover or Dover Strait ( , literally , ) is the strait at the narrowest part of the English Channel .
It is not available via analog radio .
The team pulled off a massive shock at the wet Italian Grand Prix , with Vettel claiming a first pole position and the first win for himself and the team .
the word '' English '' comes from the name of the Angles .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
Fontaine-Henry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Another part of the formalism was low regard for triangles which were '' dismissed as Ancient , pagan , or Christian '' .
A primality test is an algorithm for determining whether an input number is prime .
Le Torquesne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
` Hastings ' is a Senior Wing House at St Paul 's School , Darjeeling , India , where all the senior wing houses are named after Anglo-Indian colonial figures .
Starbeam Coaching - Denise McLean Solis , Certified Life Coach In December 10 , 2003 , McLean and his mother appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show to talk about his recovery from clinical depression , alcoholism , and drug use .
The record label was founded in 1987 by Markus Staiger in Germany .
Coordinated Universal Time ( abbreviated UTC ) is the time standard by which the world regulates clocks and time .
The Cynics ( , ) were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of Cynicism .
He clipped his namesake corner the second time , and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson , replied that '' I dunno - I just do n't like it '' .
When Germany invaded Denmark in World War II , the Hungarian chemist George de Hevesy dissolved the gold Nobel Prizes of Max von Laue and James Franck in aqua regia to prevent the Nazis from stealing them .
'' 3.2.4 The automated number plate recognition ( ANPR ) system and the Corporation of London 's traffic and environment zone culminate in what is generally referred to and known as the ` ring of steel ' .
A floor plan is a top view or birds eye view drawing of the interior of a building .
Percy and Annabeth 's relationship starts to change .
Benno von Arent ( 19 July 1898 -- 14 October 1956 ) was a German Nazi , member of the Nazi Party and SS , responsible for art , theaters , movies etc./O.
It can also be called qixianqin ( lit . '' seven-stringed instrument '' ) .
Morning Sun is a city in Louisa County , Iowa , United States .
A herbaceous plant ( in botanical use simply herb ) is a plant that has leaves and stems that die down at the end of the growing season to the soil level .
Each entry contains the leading terms of the sequence , keywords , mathematical motivations , literature links , and more , including the option to generate a graph or play a musical representation of the sequence .
They are capable of running rapidly in brief sprints up to 20 kilometres per hour ( 12.4 mph ) , diving up to 4.5 metres ( 15 ft ) , and climbing trees proficiently when young through use of their strong claws .
In 1967 Horton partnered with investor Ron Joyce , who assumed control over operations after Tim Horton died in a car crash in 1974 , and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise .
Moult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
This is an example of a homeostatic negative feedback loop .
The word is mainly used as a profanity towards someone the speaker does not like or approve of .
Her husband and her only child , a son named Bernard , both died in 1884 .
Franz Oswald 2002 , The Party That Came Out Of The Cold War , pp69-71 The PDS survived the reunification of Germany and eventually started growing again , managing to get representatives elected to the Bundestag .
It is related to '' spectator '' , thea '' a view '' + horan '' to see '' , literally '' looking at a show '' .
The Cootamundra Wattle is indigenous to a small area in southern New South Wales but has been widely planted in other Australian states .
Caulfield is a railway station in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , located in the suburb of Caulfield East , at the junction of the Frankston , Pakenham and Cranbourne railway lines .
It grows to a length of about 9.5 cm and is a carnivorous opportunist feeder .
The new concert hall was opened by the Queen on 2 June 1967 , at the start of the twentieth Aldeburgh Festival .
Hampden Park hosted the 1960 European Cup final between Real Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt , where over 130,000 people watched Real Madrid win 7 -- 3 .
Brasilia - place where the three branches of the Federal Government are located - is the main attraction of this dry area and climate with only two seasons .
As a result of this tragic event Parajanov left Russia for Kiev , Ukraine .
Vertheuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Stamp mill , a specialized machine for reducing ore to powder for further processing or for fracturing other materials a manual typewriter Mill ( currency ) , a denomination used by some currencies , the equivalent of a tenth of a cent/penny , or a thousandth of the currency unit .
The head of the Opus Dei prelature is known as the Prelate .
In ancient times '' Many of the noblest and best of the Athenians always considered the Spartan state nearly as an ideal theory realized in practice . ''
The three main rings are the narrow Adams Ring , 63000 km from the center of Neptune , the Le Verrier Ring , at 53000 km , and the broader , fainter Galle Ring , at 42000 km .
The user subscribes to a feed by entering into the reader the feed 's URI often referred to informally as a '' URL '' ( uniform resource locator ) , although technically the two terms are not exactly synonymous or by clicking an RSS icon in a browser that initiates the subscription process .
In the Epicurean view , the highest pleasure ( tranquility and freedom from fear ) was obtained by knowledge , friendship , and living a virtuous and temperate life .
One Australian study of 184 men looked at penis length and circumference in relationship to condom breakage or slippage .
Traditionally , this dance is performed only by women at night without any instruments .
Born in Haifa , Israel , Slovak 's family immigrated to the United States when he was five years old .
When his family returned to Japan in 1944 , he began studying piano with Noboru Toyomasu , heavily studying the works of Johann Sebastian Bach .
It opened on Easter Monday , 30 March 1730 , at the Little Theatre , Haymarket , and shortly thereafter was billed alongside The Cheats of Scapin .
He was part of the defense committee for accused murderers Sacco and Vanzetti , and frequently spoke in their defense at rallies and in articles .
Surville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Sue quit the game on day 17 after being outraged about the incident with Richard at the previous challenge .
Transport for London ( TfL ) is the local government body responsible for most aspects of the transport system in Greater London in England . Its role is to implement the transport strategy and to manage transport services across London .
When the player begins a new game , they are able to choose the mod they want to play , provided that additional mods have been downloaded and placed in the correct place in the main Notrium folder on the player 's PC desktop .
As an example , the radioactive decay of carbon-14 is exponential with a half-life of 5730 years .
New Jersey Devils -- 99 points
Retrieved on 2008-06-06 .
He won a scholarship to Blundell 's School in Devon , but when World War II broke out in September 1939 , he suddenly became an enemy alien .
The Carbon Footprint relates to the amount of carbon emissions human activity is leaving on the Earth .
A toilet is a plumbing fixture primarily intended for the disposal of human excreta : urine and fecal matter .
Iraq invaded Iran , first attacking Mehrabad Airport of Tehran and then entering the oil-rich Iranian land of Khuzestan , which also has a sizable Arab minority , on 22 September 1980 and declared it a new province of Iraq .
A lens is an optical device with perfect or approximate axial symmetry which transmits and refracts light , converging or diverging the beam .
Oilton is a city in Creek County , Oklahoma , United States .
April 9 & ndash ; At the mouth of the Mississippi River , near modern Venice , Louisiana , Robert de La Salle buries an engraved plate and a cross , claiming the territory as La Louisiane for France .
This scenario was considered a potential catastrophe because 80 % of the New Orleans metropolitan area is below sea level along Lake Pontchartrain .
Transformers come in a range of sizes from a thumbnail-sized coupling transformer hidden inside a stage microphone to huge units weighing hundreds of tons used to interconnect portions of national power grids .
The Kalahari supports some animals and plants because most of it is not true desert .
It has an all Airbus fleet of 30 narrow - and wide-body aircraft , consists of A320s , A321s and A330s .
'' Fixing a Hole '' is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
It is the only station on the Morden branch of the Northern line whose name begins with a vowel and is one of only two stations on the London Underground with only four letters in its name ( the only other being Bank ) .
Enron has since become a popular symbol of willful corporate fraud and corruption .
It was released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13 , 2009 , and was in the United States on April 10 , 2009 .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale TalkOrigins Archive Among the best-known techniques are radiocarbon dating , potassium-argon dating and uranium-lead dating .
Ice hockey requires a hard disk of vulcanized rubber .
Peru is a city in LaSalle County , Illinois , United States .
Traditional nonfermented food uses of soybeans include soymilk , and from the latter tofu and tofu skin or yuba .
The following year , England mounted a similar large-scale naval campaign against Spain known as the English Armada or Drake-Norris Expedition , which also failed .
There is a Kiribati Teacher College and a University of the South Pacific campus on South Tarawa .
In the 14th century , the central piers of the crossing were found to be sinking under the weight of the crossing tower , so the '' scissor arches '' ( inverted strainer arches that are such a striking feature ) were inserted to brace and stabilize the piers as a unit .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
Extrinsic variables , whose apparent changes in brightness are due to changes in the amount of their light that can reach Earth ; for example , because the star has an orbiting companion that sometimes eclipses it .
Relationship with Indian English Pakistani English shares many similarities with Indian English , however since Independence ( and also before due to Pakistan being on the fringes of South Asia ) there have been some very obvious differences .
An agnatic relative of William III , John William Friso of Nassau , who also by female line descended from William the Silent , was designated the heir to the princes of Orange in the Netherlands by the last will of William III .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in goals .
While Diwali is popularly known as the '' festival of lights '' , the most significant spiritual meaning is '' the awareness of the inner light '' .
Wynnewood is a city in Garvin County , Oklahoma , United States .
Toto is known for a musical style that combines elements of pop , rock , soul , funk , progressive rock , hard rock , R&B and jazz .
Brawl issue ) , mini-posters for then-current games with the newsstand issues , as well as occasional one-page extras such as alternate game box cover art slips and calendars for such titles as Jade Empire and God of War .
Philip Kindred Dick ( December 16 , 1928 -- March 2 , 1982 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , and essayist whose published work during his lifetime was almost entirely in the science fiction genre .
He would only try the song once each day ; if it was not right he would wait until the next day , in order to make sure he got every precious first take right .
The true finches are passerine birds in the family Fringillidae . They are predominantly seed-eating songbirds .
During the 1960s , the government of Hong Kong saw a need to accommodate increasing road traffic as Hong Kong 's economy continued to grow strongly .
The Puritan Peck was eventually forced to flee to Hingham , Massachusetts , founded by many members of his parish , where he resided for several years , until King Charles I had been executed and Oliver Cromwell had taken the reins of government .
Once they reach a sufficient height , they begin developing adult type leaves .
Sheamus used the interference to win the title from John Cena .
Lincoln ( ) is a cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire , England .
Unlike the Kindle First Generation , Kindle 2 does not have a slot for SD memory cards .
The Asian Emerald Cuckoo ( Chrysococcyx maculatus ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
However , in January 1893 the Egba chiefs signed a Treaty of Independence with the British Government .
Eton College , often referred to simply as Eton , is a British independent school for boys aged 13 to 18 .
User Client-based Logon A user enters a username and password on the client machine .
Z. bartoni
At night he leaves Max alone , tied up in a room in an old abandoned apartment that had almost been completely burnt down .
Franciscus '' Frank '' de Boer ( born 15 May 1970 in Hoorn , Noord-Holland ) is a Dutch former professional footballer , and the younger twin brother of Ronald de Boer .
Percy-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Del Rio is also home to Laughlin Air Force Base , the busiest pilot training base in the United States Air Force .
The Superbird and the Dodge Charger Daytona were each built for one model year only ( 1970 and 1969 respectively ) .
He has shown in all episodes of Avatar : The Last Airbender , except '' Zuko Alone '' ( 7th episode of ) .
But unlike in the myth , Hippolyta befriends Hercules but he sees them all as beautiful women .
Fugazi is an American post-hardcore and punk rock band , that formed in Washington , D.C. in 1987 .
By 1938 the town 's exclusively Jewish population had grown to at least 3,000 .
The Chiyoda Line platforms are 37.9 m underground , making this station the deepest in the Tokyo Metro network ( although a number of stations on the Toei Oedo Line are farther underground ) .
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ( also known as UNC , UNC-Chapel Hill , Chapel Hill , North Carolina , or simply Carolina ) is a public research university located in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , United States .
Although considerable parts of it are still in Romanesque architecture , it is widely considered to be among the finest examples of high , or late , Gothic architecture .
Chapter , as an organizational class title , may refer to :
Jordan Hendry ( born February 23 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Aftershocks occur with a pattern that follows Omori 's law .
Magliaso is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
For example , there are many countries which have designated public areas as nude beaches , or where nude bathing is unofficially tolerated .
Liquid chromatography can be carried out either in a column or a plane . Present day liquid chromatography that generally utilizes very small packing particles and a relatively high pressure is referred to as high performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) .
Igneous rock ( derived from the Latin word igneus meaning of fire , from ignis meaning fire ) is one of the three main rock types , the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock .
The Super Bowl is the championship game of the National Football League ( NFL ) , the premier association of professional football .
Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool , released in 1993 .
This is marked by a light on the character 's body usually called the Color Timer , or '' warning light , '' which eventually begins to blink with increasing frequency as his energy supply dwindles ( and turns from blue to red ) .
Gilbert then sailed for Sydney , in the middle of June 1840 took ship to Port Essington in the north of Australia , and in March 1841 sailed to Singapore calling at Timor on the way .
The final revised documentation for PDF 1.7 was approved by ISO Technical Committee 171 in January 2008 and published as ISO 32000-1 :2008 on July 1 , 2008 . PDF is now a published ISO standard , titled Document management- Portable document format- Part 1 : PDF 1.7 .
A speed of five meters per second ( about 11 mph ) has been recorded .
Can be over zealous and critical , puritanical , egotistical , abrasive , opinionated , given to empty bravado .
A boiling tube is a large cylindrical vessel used to strongly heat substances in the flame of a Bunsen burner .
The popular tourist destination of Dunk Island lies 4 km offshore .
The is a Japanese traditional garment worn by women , men and children .
to 1986Roy , Olivier .
The upper class is a concept in sociology that refers to the group of people at the top of a social hierarchy .
Source : Recordings of Peter Grimes on operadis-opera-discography .
Keynesian economics argues that private sector decisions sometimes lead to inefficient macroeconomic outcomes and therefore advocates active policy responses by the public sector , including monetary policy actions by the central bank and fiscal policy actions by the government to stabilize output over the business cycle .
Some areas of Hull lie on reclaimed land at or below sea level .
Naomi Shindou , Japanese seiyuu
Ferdinand Lassalle ( 11 April 1825 -- 31 August 1864 ) , also known as Ferdinand Lassalle-WolfsonDer Ewige Jude , 33:40 was a German-Jewish jurist and socialist political activist .
It is situated just north of the M4 motorway in West Berkshire and is in the civil parish of Yattendon , which is also the closest village .
Grosvenor Bridge , often alternatively called Victoria Railway Bridge , is a railway bridge over the River Thames in London , between Vauxhall Bridge and Chelsea Bridge .
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The climate of middle Europe is therefore optimal .
The oldest surviving round in English is '' Sumer Is Icumen In '' , which is for 4 voices , plus 2 bass voices singing a ground ( that is , a never-changing repeating part ) , also in canon .
They are the Cleveland Browns , Detroit Lions , New Orleans Saints , Jacksonville Jaguars , and Houston Texans .
In September 2009 , Apple discontinued the original 40 GB Apple TV and now continues to produce and sell the 160 GB Apple TV . On September 1 , 2010 , alongside the release of the new line of iPod devices for the year , Apple released a completely redesigned Apple TV .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
Melleruds IF is a swedish football club in Mellerud , Sweden .
His house in Kangeyam has become a guest house for the all Kongu freedom and national activities .
Independencia ( ) is a province of the Dominican Republic , located in the west , on the border with Haiti .
Murrurundi railway station is located on the Main North railway line , 352 km from Sydney .
Banana paper is used in two different senses : to refer to a paper made from the bark of the banana plant , mainly used for artistic purposes , or paper made from banana fiber , obtained with an industrialized process from the stem and the non-usable fruits .
There are often reports of larger Red Kangaroos , with some males reaching approximately tall .
In some waterfront areas , driftwood is a major nuisance .
The Probainognathians of the Eucynodont clade probably evolved into the early mammaliaformes , but the branch Allotheria was so different that they may have come from an entirely different group of cynodonts .
Renault had some involvement in early motorsport , including Ferenc Szisz winning the first French Grand Prix .
Trimming a starting step is a special challenge as the last riser above the lower floor is rounded .
A constructed language could also be used to restrict thought , as in George Orwell 's Newspeak , or to simplify thought , as in Toki Pona .
He was appointed coroner for the British Empire in The Gambia in the late 1890s .
It was formed from part of the province of Florence in 1992 .
Finally Schidlof and Nissel were released , and the three of them were able to study with violin pedagogue Max Rostal , who taught them free of charge .
Despite his successes , Pier could not turn the Burgundian/Habsburg tide and he retired , disillusioned , in 1519 .
X-Men : The Last Stand ( also known colloquially as X-Men 3 or X3 ) is a 2006 superhero film and the third in the X-Men series .
Ronald '' Chico '' Maki ( born August 17 , 1939 in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward .
The Notable Names Database ( NNDB ) , produced by Soylent Communications , is an online database of biographical details of over 35,000 people of note .
Some 1,400 civilians are believed to have died .
A coefficient is usually a constant quantity , but the differential coefficient of f is a constant function only if f is a linear function .
He played 45 games for the Serbia and Montenegro national football team and scored 3 goals .
It is also the judicial capital , making it one of the three national capitals of South Africa ( together with the administrative capital Pretoria and the legislative capital Cape Town ) .
One of the difficult ones is that the punishment can not be enforced unless there is a confession of the person , or four male eyewitnesses who each saw the act being committed .
He was buried in Tallinn , his grave not too far away from that of another great name in chess , Paul Keres .
The gill ( also spelled '' jill '' ; Not as in a fish 's gill ) is a unit of measurement for volume equal to a quarter of a pint .
The metronome dates back to the early 19th century .
Stade is a district ( Landkreis ) in Lower Saxony , Germany .
It was formed in 60 BC and lasted until Crassus 's death in 53 BC .
Rachel Renee Smith ( born April 18 , 1985 in Panama ) is an American beauty queen and television personality from Clarksville , Tennessee , who won the Miss USA pageant in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant .
