Like many translations of the original Sanskrit Ramayana , it is read and worshipped with great reverence in many Hindu homes in India .
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
In 1975 , at the age of 37 , he shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine with Howard Temin and Renato Dulbecco .
According to the Good Schools Guide International , it is '' usually much more rigorous than the general course offerings .
For the nearby nature reserve , see Dawlish Warren National Nature Reserve Dawlish Warren is a small seaside resort near the town of Dawlish on the south coast of Devon , England .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
FLAME , a pro-Israel organization
From there they menace the humans in Midgard and the gods in Asgard , from whom they are separated by the river Ifing .
Movie Box Office Figures In June 2008 , the American Film Institute revealed its '' Ten top Ten '' -- the best ten films in ten '' classic '' American film genres -- after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community .
Economy More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan catchment .
Two years later , the band recorded a third album , titled Pandemonic Incantations .
The first ten letters of the alphabet are formed using only the top four dots ( 1 , 2 , 4 , and 5 ) .
Gordon , who faked his death to lure the Joker , arrests him with Batman 's help and is promoted to Commissioner .
Youth Empowerment Scheme , a children 's charity in Belfast , Northern Ireland
In cryptography , a Caesar cipher , also known as a Caesar 's cipher , the shift cipher , Caesar 's code or Caesar shift , is one of the simplest and most widely known encryption techniques .
He made his film debut as a thug in the 1974 Charles Bronson film Death Wish .
Dariusz Heim and Kamil Kieszkowski : Shading Devices Designed to Achieve the Desired Quality of Internal Daylight Environment , PLEA2006 - The 23rd Conference on Passive and Low Energy Architecture , Geneva , Switzerland , 6-8 September 2006
Saint-Georges-du-Rosay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
There are also 2 special governed districts : the capital Bangkok ( Krung Thep Maha Nakhon ) and Pattaya , of which Bangkok is at provincial level and thus often counted as a 76th province .
On the other hand , they 're fighting a desperate battle against highly financed , American-supported forces who have been terrorizing the countryside for years and kill most of the people .
The WHO regard a BMI of less than 18.5 as underweight and may indicate malnutrition , an eating disorder , or other health problems , while a BMI greater than 25 is considered overweight and above 30 is considered obese .
During that period some US $ 13 billion in economic and technical assistance were given to help the recovery of the European countries that had joined in the Organization for European Economic Co-operation .
She is two and a half years older than her sister , Hilary .
The proposed 4,000 MW facility was to be located near Pampa , Texas , which is on the Texas Panhandle , and stretch to the east , spanning 400000 a in five counties .
It was Catherine I who started to develop the place as a royal country residence .
Owing to the rapid build-up , the city is quite spread out , with few tall buildings .
The lost the title the following year via technical knockout against Tony DeMarco .
It provides a combination of personal revelation and eyewitness accounts of great events , such as the Great Plague of London , the Second Dutch War and the Great Fire of London .
Over the years the Jazz Messengers served as a springboard for young jazz musicians such as Donald Byrd , Johnny Griffin , Lee Morgan , Wayne Shorter , Freddie Hubbard , Keith Jarrett , Chuck Mangione , Woody Shaw , Joanne Brackeen and Wynton Marsalis .
link
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky ( ) ( born May 4 , 1931 ) is a Russian conductor .
Hermies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hoboken ( ) is a southern district of the arrondissement and city of Antwerp , in the Flemish Region of Belgium .
The ` Omelette Arnold Bennett ' has remained a Savoy standard dish ever since .
During her tenure she criticised the Irish system of permits for non-EU immigrants as similar to '' bonded labour '' and criticised the United States ' use of capital punishment .
Hiroyuki Usui ( born August 4 , 1953 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
In addition to presenting geographic features and political boundaries , many atlases often feature geopolitical , social , religious and economic statistics .
Sebaceous glands secrete the oily , waxy substance called sebum ( Latin , meaning fat or tallow ) that is made of fat ( lipids ) , wax , and the debris of dead fat-producing cells .
From 1922 to 1929 , Simons was the president of the Reichsgericht in Leipzig .
In science fiction , the Three Laws of Robotics are a set of three rules written by Isaac Asimov , which almost all positronic robots appearing in his fiction must obey .
Currently , they hold the record of having the highest overall single sales ( of a female group ) on the Oricon charts .
The species is listed as endangered by the IUCN ; numbers have decreased due to human activities reducing habitat and hunting .
Brachiosaurus was a sauropod , one of a group of four-legged , plant-eating dinosaurs with long necks and tails and relatively small brains .
also known as The Shoah ( Hebrew : , Romanized HaShoah , '' calamity '' ; Yiddish : , Romanized Churben or Hurban , '' Holocaust , '' Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2009 : '' the systematic state-sponsored killing of six million Jewish men , women and children , and millions of others by Nazi Germany and its collaborators during World War II .
Facing permanent internal and external problems , the young state was unable to withstand the invasion by the Russian SFSR Red Armies , and collapsed between February and March 1921 to become a Soviet republic .
Pressure is the amount of force acting on a unit area .
Adaptive optics ( AO ) is a technology used to improve the performance of optical systems by reducing the effects of rapidly changing optical distortion .
The Stokers moved to London , where Stoker became acting-manager and then business manager of Irving 's Lyceum Theatre , London , a post he held for 27 years .
Beveridge is a town in Victoria , Australia , located along the Hume Highway , 42 kilometres north of Melbourne in the Shire of Mitchell .
In 1998 , he was ranked number 60 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players .
July 30 & ndash ; The first Defenestration of Prague occurs .
Peter I , Duke of Bourbon ( d. 1356 )
It continued strengthening as it moved north , peaking at .
He toured extensively during the 1960s and 1970s . He played many of the largest and best-known folk festivals , including the Smithsonian Festival of American Folklife in Washington , D.C. in 1972 , the Mariposa Fest in Toronto in 1974 , and the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in 1976 .
They are commonly eaten with lemons and powdered sugar , jam , or caramelized apples .
Hyphens are not required , but are preferred if their proper placement is known ( see ISBN for links to find the correct dash placement ) .
Two of the fifty largest cities in the United States are located in Oklahoma , Oklahoma City and Tulsa , and 58 percent of Oklahomans live within their metropolitan areas , or spheres of economic and social influence defined by the United States Census Bureau as a metropolitan statistical area .
Around this time the orchestra was renamed the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra .
The console was Microsoft 's first product that ventured into the video game console market , after having collaborated with Sega in porting Windows CE to the Dreamcast console .
Northland Pioneer College , Navajo County
website =
The album features songs that are considered today as Metallica 's most known tracks , with songs such as '' Enter Sandman '' , '' The Unforgiven '' , '' Nothing Else Matters '' , '' Wherever I May Roam '' and '' Sad but True '' .
These forms do not describe different laws but instead refer to different ways of describing the mode of convergence of the cumulative sample means to the expected value , and the strong form implies the weak .
An easily visualized metaphor is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which observers living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles , even in principle .
The Electrostar family , which also includes Classes 357 , 375 , 376 , and 378 , is the most numerous type of EMU built in the post-privatisation period of Britain 's railways .
In popular music , a concept album is an album that is '' unified by a theme , which can be instrumental , compositional , narrative , or lyrical '' .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
He died after four days of delirium , on June 14 , 1801 , at the age of 60 .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
It hosts the regional base for the English Institute of Sport and so therefore benefits from : Athletics tracks , The National Squash Centre , The Regional Tennis Centre , the Manchester Velodrome and the City of Manchester Stadium .
Emmanuel Addoquaye Pappoe ( born March 3 , 1981 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer who played as a defender with AEK Larnaca in Cyprus .
The club 's local rivals include the Carolina Railhawks and Charleston Battery of the USL First Division , the Wilmington Hammerheads ( with whom they compete in the North Carolina Derby ) and the Richmond Kickers of the Second Division ; the fans of the Northern Virginia Royals also maintain a rivalry with Charlotte , despite them playing a division lower .
Marcilly-le-Hayer is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
March 8 & ndash ; WWII : American forces are attacked by Japanese troops on Hill 700 in Bougainville , in a battle that will last 5 days .
The Governor of Shaanxi is the highest ranking official in the People 's Government of Shaanxi .
This was soon followed by his breakthrough movie role as Benjamin Braddock in The Graduate (/O1967/O) .
Mount Thor , officially gazetted as Thor Peak , is a mountain in Auyuittuq National Park , on Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Tor Books is one of two imprints of Tom Doherty Associates , LLC , based in New York City .
Miso is typically salty , but its flavor and aroma depend on various factors in the ingredients and fermentation process .
Hard water is water that has high mineral content ( mainly calcium and magnesium ions ) ( in contrast with soft water ) .
The Skytrail Bridge spans the South Saskatchewan River in Outlook , Saskatchewan Canada .
In mathematics , the logarithm of a number to a given base is the power or exponent to which the base must be raised in order to produce that number .
Possibly , there are also entrances to the system from several civilian buildings such as the Russian State Library , Moscow State University ( MSU ) and at least two stations of the regular metro .
Independence Day is commonly associated with fireworks , parades , barbecues , carnivals , fairs , picnics , concerts , baseball games , family reunions , political speeches and ceremonies , and various other public and private events celebrating the history , government , and traditions of the United States .
With the revival of Doctor Who in 2005 , Rose was introduced in the eponymous series one premiere as a new companion of series protagonist the Doctor , in his ninth and later tenth incarnations .
The Melbourne City Centre ( also known as the '' Central Business District '' or '' CBD '' ) is the hub of the greater geographical area ( or '' metropolitan area '' ) and the Census statistical division -- of which '' Melbourne '' is the common name .
Ice-cold water is then poured or dripped over the sugar cube so that the water is slowly and evenly displaced into the absinthe , typically 1 part absinthe and 3 to 5 parts water .
Stoke Newington railway station links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London , and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town further north .
The main foreign language taught in Norwegian elementary school is English .
They have released two albums so far , Colour It In , with a follow-up , Wall of Arms , released on 4th May 2009 .
If the player 's Pokémon defeats the opposing Pokémon ( causes it to faint ) , it receives experience points .
Tainan also served as the capital of the Republic of Formosa after the Japanese took Taipei bloodlessly .
Zsa Zsa Gabor Biography Her sisters , Magda and Eva , also became actresses and socialites .
Amniote embryos , whether laid as eggs or carried by the female , are protected and aided by several extensive membranes .
As Lolita and Humbert drive westward again , Humbert gets the feeling that their car is being tailed and he becomes increasingly paranoid , suspecting that Lolita is conspiring with others in order to escape . She falls ill and must convalesce in a hospital ; Humbert stays in a nearby motel , without Lolita for the first time in years .
Through storms the sun of freedom shone to us And the great Lenin lighted us the way He raised peoples to the right cause He inspired us for labour and for acts of heroism : CHORUS 3 .
He is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the name Dolph Ziggler on the SmackDown brand , where he is the current WWE Intercontinental Champion .
Thirty-four short free verse poems that express the feelings of a twelve-year-old boy moving from Massachusetts to Ohio .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
By 1935 he was gaining recognition as a conductor , and made his debut at the Budapest Opera on 11 March 1938 with The Marriage of Figaro , the first time an unconverted Jew had ever conducted there .
Uses of oxygen include the production of steel , plastics and textiles ; rocket propellant ; oxygen therapy ; and life support in aircraft , submarines , spaceflight and diving .
For thermal efficiency , the input , Q _ { in } , , to the device is heat , or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed .
It is the sequel to Sonic the Hedgehog and was followed by Sonic the Hedgehog 3 in 1994 .
Two important classifications of weathering processes exist -- physical and chemical weathering .
Often a color tool or other graphics software is used to generate color values .
In connection with this , when Anubis became the god of embalming , Bast , as goddess of ointment , came to be regarded as his wife .
Problems for males A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma or injury during intercourse may , rarely , sustain a penile fractureeMedicine article on Penile Fracture and Trauma or suffer from Peyronie 's disease .
This family homestead served as the Frosts ' summer home until 1938 , and is maintained today as The Frost Place , a museum and poetry conference site .
While this definition encompasses many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode , the term in its stricter sense is usually limited to the natural minor , harmonic minor , and melodic minor scales , described below , which are in most common use in Western classical music ( see major and minor ) .
Castanets are often played by singers or dancers .
One of the areas to which they were reintroduced became Khustain Nuruu National Park in 1998 .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
A logarithmic scale is a scale of measurement that uses the logarithm of a physical quantity instead of the quantity itself .
She met George Herbert Walker Bush at age 16 , and the two married in 1945 , while he was on leave during his deployment as a Naval officer in World War II .
See : Deaths in November 2009 .
The term was first used in English in India , Bangladesh , Pakistan , and neighboring countries to refer to the big seasonal winds blowing from the Indian Ocean and Arabian Sea in the southwest bringing heavy rainfall to the area .
The audience loved it , but Piper said it was too nerve-racking to do in Britain , where her much larger fan base lives .
This bird has a circumpolar breeding distribution covering the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of Europe , Asia , and North America ( as far south as Brittany and Massachusetts ) .
If a lady is '' five foot eleven '' , this means that she is 5 feet and 11 inches , or about 180 centimeters tall -- very tall for a woman .
David Quammen considered the idea that dodo was an onomatopoeic approximation of the bird 's own call , a two-note pigeony sound like '' doo-doo '' .
Poanes melane ( Edwards , 1869 ) -- Umber Skipper
The 1986 FIFA World Cup , the 13th staging of the FIFA World Cup , was held in Mexico from 31 May to 29 June .
Potassium ion is necessary for the function of all living cells , and is thus present in all plant and animal tissues .
It is located at N35 .0804 E73 .9266 , at a height of above sea level .
The Poland national football team ( ) is the national football team of Poland , under the auspices of the Polish Football Association ( PZPN ) .
In the federal government of the United States of America , there is one Secretary of State , the most senior political appointee responsible for foreign policy ( that is , equivalent to a Foreign Minister ) .
On December 2000 , an impeachment case was filed on the Senate .
The tree and its fruit give its name to the plant family , which also includes species such as lilacs , jasmine , Forsythia and the true ash trees ( Fraxinus ) .
Recorded observations of Mercury date back to at least the first millennium BC .
It is the sequel to the Japan-only Game Boy Advance title Rhythm Tengoku .
The Tajikistan national football team ( ) is the national team of Tajikistan and is controlled by the Tajikistan National Football Federation .
During the Thirty Years War ( 1618-1648 ) , Vaihingen was besieged by both the Protestant and Catholic warring factions .
Vikernes has stated that he had never played any live shows with Burzum , though at one point was interested in it so Samoth of Emperor joined the band as their bassist though only appeared on the Aske EP .
In the Cyrillic numeral system , the Cyrillic letter A had a value of 1 .
Rhizopus stolonifer ( black bread mold ) is a widely distributed thread-like Mucoralean mold .
June 6 & ndash ; The Ashmolean Museum opens as the world 's first university museum .
Domestic policy and the economy eventually emerged as the main themes in the last few months of the election campaign after the onset of the 2008 economic crisis .
Baldheri has an average elevation of 1143 metres ( 3753 feet ) . The area covered by Baldheri union council , is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira .
Peter and the Wolf ( Russian : , Petya i volk ) is a composition written by Sergei Prokofiev during 1936 in the USSR .
Advance Wars : Days of Ruin ( titled Advance Wars : Dark Conflict in Europe and Australia ) is a turn-based tactics video game for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Katamari Damacy inspired the development of other video games , and led to the release of four sequels in Japan and other territories : We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , Beautiful Katamari , and I Love Katamari , and to a fifth sequel , Katamari Forever , to be released late 2009 .
The Jinnah House in Malabar Hill , Bombay , is in the possession of the Government of India but the issue of its ownership has been disputed by the Government of Pakistan .
Homolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid from pyruvate ; alcoholic fermentation is the conversion of pyruvate into ethanol and carbon dioxide ; and heterolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid as well as other acids and alcohols .
It is the main city of the region of East Frisia ; in 2006 , the city had a total population of 51,692 .
Although Smith was raised Catholic , he has said on Back to the Well , the Clerks II documentary , that now he only goes to Mass on the day before he starts production of a movie , and the day before it premieres .
Traditionally , several Native American groups planted sunflowers on the north edges of their gardens as a '' fourth sister '' to the better known three sisters combination of corn , beans , and squash .
Adetokunbo Adegboyega Ademola , KBE , GCON ( 1 February 1906 - 29 January 1993 ) was a Nigerian jurist , former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria , and son of King Ladapo Ademola II , paramount leader ( Alake ) of the Egba clan of Nigeria .
Road Dogg and X-Pac defeated Mr. Ass and Chyna ( 11:44 ) Road Dogg pinned Mr. Ass after a Pumphandle Drop to win the rights to the DX name .
The train operator has control over the doors , and starts the train by simultaneously pressing two buttons in the cab to start the automatic process .
Asked in February 2008 which of the icons he would rather be remembered for , Stallone said '' it 's a tough one , but Rocky is my first baby , so Rocky . ''
As of the 2000 census , the population was 7,856 and is included in The Shoals MSA .
In continental Europe a spa was known as a ville d'eau ( town of water ) .
Ralph Dale Earnhardt , Jr. ( born October 10 , 1974 ) , better known simply as Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , is a professional American race car driver and team owner who drives the No. 88 AMP Energy\/United States National Guard Chevrolet Impala in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Hendrick Motorsports , and drives the Nos. 5 and 7 Unilever Chevrolet Impalas for his own team , JR Motorsports , in the Nationwide Series .
Most of them can survive at very high or very low temperatures .
June 7 & ndash ; Troops of the Republic of Venice capture Udine after a long siege , ending the independence of the Patriarchal State of Friuli , run by the Patriarch of Aquileia .
The classification of crustaceans is currently being debated , and the Malacostraca are regarded by some authors as a class and by others as a subclass .
Past episodes of melting and volcanism at the shallower levels of the mantle have produced a thin crust of crystallized melt products near the surface , upon which we live .
In one of his experiments , Weber gradually increased the weight that a blindfolded man was holding and asked him to respond when he first felt the increase .
Although his performance lagged behind his 1999 performance , he amassed a league-high 36 touchdown passes and 4,830 passing yards , third all-time behind only Dan Marino and Drew Brees .
This is done through a collection of national and regional centers , and 122 local weather forecast offices ( WFOs ) .
He served as deputy chairman of the SPD party of Wuppertal , and was elected later on to the City Council ( 1964-1978 ) , where he served as chairman of the SPD Group ( 1964-1967 ) and later as Mayor ( 1969-1970 ) .
The defeat of the Royalist army by the New Model Army of Parliament at the Battle of Naseby in June 1645 effectively destroyed the king 's forces .
Greenpeace , amongst others , thinks that the study 's conclusions may be false .
The series will not be hosted by Fry .
There are many exceptions to this rule , however . For example , the Hawk moths form an exposed chrysalis which is underground .
Almost all of the other pre-Socratic philosophers follow him in attempting to provide an explanation of ultimate substance , change , and the existence of the world -- without reference to mythology .
Bonneil is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The United States Cabinet ( usually referred to as the President 's Cabinet or simplified as the Cabinet ) is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States .
In the United States :
The total land area is 137.3 s/O. As of the 2000 census the population was 79,535 , with an average density of 579.27 \/O/ , although much of the population is concentrated in a few areas of much higher density , such as the city of Key West , which has 32 % of the entire population of the Keys .
Police Strike Force Solano had begun private investigations into the matter in 1998 , but dismissed it in 2001 as lacking evidence .
Roberto Tricella ( born 18 March 1959 ) is a former Italian footballer .
Simon Pegg ( born Simon John Beckingham ; 14 February 1970 ) is an English actor , comedian , writer , film producer and director .
They commonly included such types as something which happened to a person , owning something , or an occupation , hobby , achievement or skill .
For example , an automobile 's failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than its failure rate during its first year of service . One does not expect to replace an exhaust pipe , overhaul the brakes , or have major transmission problems in a new vehicle .
In the USA , there is not as much FIA involvement ; instead , many organizations regulate racing , such as the IKF ( International Kart Federation ) , WKA ( World Karting Association ) , KART ( Karters of America Racing Triad ) .
Early Christians used the palm branch to symbolize the victory of the faithful over enemies of the soul , as in the Palm Sunday festival celebrating the triumphal entry of Jesus into Jerusalem .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 21 Union Councils , four of which form the headquarters - Dera Ismail Khan .
Some feed on sponges , others on hydroids , others on bryozoans , and some eat other sea slugs , or , on some occasions , are cannibals and prey on members of their own species .
At Backlash , during the World Heavyweight Championship match , The Big Show interfered and threw the former champion , John Cena through a spotlight , resulting in Cena being incapacitated enough to lose the World Heavyweight Championship to Edge , as well as receiving storyline internal injuries .
The use of citation templates is recommended , but not mandatory .
Michael Shawn Crahan ( born September 24 , 1969 ) , also known as Clown , Kong , or by his number # 6 , is an American musician known as one of the two custom percussionists of the Grammy winning metal band Slipknot , and the drummer of To My Surprise and Dirty Little Rabbits .
Montezuma 's Cattleheart ( Parides montezuma ) is a North American and South American butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
She was said to be the patron and protector of Lower Egypt and upon unification with Upper Egypt , the joint protector and patron of all of Egypt with the '' goddess '' of Upper Egypt .
The show 's theme song , '' The Ballad of Serenity '' , was written by Joss Whedon and performed by Sonny Rhodes .
The originals are still popular with many hackers as they can be dissected and made to do interesting things .
Because the term '' disco '' became unfashionable at the start of the 1980s it was replaced by '' dance music '' and '' dance pop '' which described music powered by the basic disco beat .
Halifax is a large market town within the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale , in West Yorkshire , England , with a population of 82,056 in the 2001 Census .
Sekagya started his senior career with Kampala City Council in 1998 , before moving to Argentina in 2001 to try and make a career in football .
Catalonia , the Basque Country and Galicia -- as '' historical nationalities '' -- were granted autonomy through a fast and simplified process ;
Roy Andrew Miller 's 1971 book Japanese and the Other Altaic Languages convinced most Altaicists that Japanese also belonged to Altaic ( Poppe 1976:470 ) .
As of August 2009 , it has over 100,000 articles , 530,000 pages , 210,000 registered users and 6400 files .
Founded in 1894 it was the site of many executions , particularly by guillotine during the Nazi period .
It is as of 2009 under the control of Adobe Systems .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 15 Curse tablets also included hair or pieces of clothing .
Gibraltar is used to secure local area networks as a firewall software .
Due to the limited energy expended in swimming , nautiloids need only eat once a month .
The band 's most recent album , Shaka Rock , was released on August 19 , 2009 .
Because of the Soviet war in Afghanistan , large refugee populations can also be found in both Iran and Pakistan .
The toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each Webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique '' Secret Code '' printed on it that allows access to the '' Webkinz World '' website .
William de Ros , 2nd Baron de Ros , claimant to the crown of Scotland ( b. 1255 )
His play Remember Ronald Ryan won him the 1995 Victorian Premier 's Literary Award .
These various habitats are home to about 3300 species of flowering plants and almost the entire area of Cape York Peninsula ( 99.6 % ) still retains its native vegetation and is little fragmented .
Miss Thailand is Thailand 's most prestigious beauty pageant for single Thai women .
In August the Gauklerfestival takes place in the streets of the old part of town with international delicacies .
Everett Dallas , Kenneth E. Larry , James Young , Willie Williams -- vocals on '' The Show ''
Georg ( Moritz Hagen ) Listing was born on March 31 , 1987 .
During the early hours of the next morning , the remaining trams north of the subway were run through to the depots south of the Thames .
It also initially published only the first part of the novel ( '' Fantine '' ) , which was launched simultaneously in major cities .
Mato Grosso do Sul ( In Brazilian Portuguese .
Augusto Righi ( 27 August 1850 -- 8 June 1920 ) was an Italian physicist and a pioneer in the study of electromagnetism .
The Yowa era , marked by famine , ends in Japan .
Geographically , Scotland is divided into three distinct areas : the Highlands , the Central plain ( Central Belt ) , and the Southern Uplands . The Lowlands cover roughly the latter two .
The judges of the High Court are the Deemsters , appointed by The Queen , acting on the advice of the Secretary of State for Justice in the United Kingdom , and the Judicial Officers , appointed by the Lieutenant Governor .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
In Finland the inhabitants of Kuopio have a special reputation : they are known as jovial and verbally joking .
The Antigua and Barbuda national football team is the national team of Antigua and Barbuda and is controlled by the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association .
He was born in 1910 in Boston where his father , Thorvald Martin Tandberg I ( 1874 -- 1970 ) , managed a restaurant .
Kylie Ann Minogue , OBE ( born 28 May 1968 ) is an Australian pop singer , songwriter , and actress .
Characteristics Bosses are '' super-powered '' in comparison with regular enemies , and are usually found at the end of a level or area .
Gwar is a two-time Grammy Award-nominated shock rock band formed in Richmond , Virginia , in 1984 .
Fraser also starred as '' Brick '' in the West End production of Tennessee Williams 's Cat on a Hot Tin Roof in September , 2001 , directed by Anthony Page .
History The area around Rheinfelden was already settled in the Middle Stone Age , around 10,000 years before the present day .
When finished , click on Update Watchlist .
Siding Spring Observatory near Coonabarabran , Australia , part of the Research School of Astronomy & Astrophysics ( RSAA ) at the Australian National University ( ANU ) , incorporates the Anglo-Australian Telescope along with a collection of other telescopes owned by the Australian National University , the University of New South Wales , and other institutions .
Their Hollywood debut and second studio album , Euphoria with guest keyboardist Pete Sears , continued to define their eclectic sound and introduced many songs that would become classics for the band .
By the end of the century the petrels were thought to be extinct .
ISBN 978-0-7425-4792-6 The book begins by presenting a brief overview of contemporary neuroscience followed by a summary of the approach to scientific psychology proposed by Frederic William Henry Myers .
Although the SS was autonomous and existed in parallel to the Wehrmacht , the Waffen-SS field units were placed under the operational control of the Supreme High Command of the Armed Forces ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht , OKW ) or the Supreme High Command of the Army ( Oberkommando des Heeres , OKH ) .
In the Action Set configuration of the NES in the late 1980s , Duck Hunt was included with Super Mario Bros. .
Tzitzernavank ( Tsitsernavank or Dzidzernavank ) ( ) is a 5th-6th centuryTurner , Jane ( ed . )
He concluded that she was progressing to the point of addiction , but also noted that she could give up the drugs for extended periods without suffering any withdrawal symptoms .
Men 's events No new events have been added to the men 's athletics programme since the 1952 addition of the short racewalk .
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
Celestia displays and interacts with objects ranging in scale from artificial satellites to entire galaxies in three dimensions using OpenGL , from perspectives which would not be possible from a classic planetarium or other ground based display .
Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan ; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures .
There are several museums in the cities , such as the Burundi Geological Museum in Bujumbura and the Burundi National Museum and the Burundi Museum of Life in Gitega .
Several of these national churches have expanded to worldwide denominations and most have experienced splits into multiple denominations .
Reginald Wayne Miller ( born August 24 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player .
Cycloalkanes with a single ring are named analogously to their normal alkane counterpart of the same carbon count : cyclopropane , cyclobutane , cyclopentane , cyclohexane , etc. .
is the largest city in northern Israel , and the third-largest city in the country , with a population of over 265,000 .
Melee but later as a playable character in its sequel , Super Smash Bros. .
In 2004 , during the band 's final tour , many cities around the United States proclaimed a certain day to be '' Guided by Voices Day '' in that city .
The Ustase themselves gave more exaggerated assumptions of the number of people they killed .
VistaPE is a project ( set of scripts ) for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on the kernel of Windows Vista .
The name has been used for various areas of civil administration , including the ancient Borough of Southwark , the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark and the current London Borough of Southwark .
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
The Zanskar River is a north-flowing tributary of the Indus . In its upper reaches , the Zanskar has two main branches .
Puzzles constructed from multiple Sudoku grids are common .
and Kent Flannery posit an increasingly sedentary population that expanded up to the carrying capacity of the local environment and required more food than could be gathered .
He has been a regular member of the Denmark national football team since his debut in 2001 , and has played 77 matches , scoring six goals for his country .
The college offers certificates and associates degrees and has many transfer and dual enrollment programs with OSU ( through a degree partnership program ) totaling over 60 programs of study .
The armies of the Seperatists were made up of thousands of battle droids .
The city is also a center of sugar production and industry .
The hymn then returns to its creedal formula , naming Christ and recalling his birth , suffering , and glorification .
The Hilly Flanks hypothesis , proposed by Robert Braidwood in 1948 , suggests that agriculture began in the hilly flanks of the Taurus and Zagros mountains , where the climate was not drier as Childe had believed , and fertile land supported a variety of plants and animals amenable to domestication .
A trustworthy person is someone in whom you can place your trust and rest assured that the trust will not be betrayed .
The Cold War ( , 1945 -- 1991 ) was the continuing state of political conflict , military tension , proxy wars , and propaganda campaigns between two camps , the Soviet Union and its satellite states , and United States and its allies .
The Suikoden series was created , written , produced , and overseen by Yoshitaka Murayama , who left Konami near the end of Suikoden IIIs development .
Boston Manor , opened 1 May 1883 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line 13 March 1933 .
fiefdom
Political , economic and social life was in full swing there .
The ministry 's stated mission is to '' lead people worldwide into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and to strengthen the local church .
Sebastian accepts a job for The New York Times and moves away .
Not recently used The not recently used ( NRU ) page replacement algorithm is an algorithm that favours keeping pages in memory that have been recently used .
It originated as the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel , which was awarded between 1918 and 1947 .
Taking up the trumpet at the age of eight under the guidance of hometown teacher Bo Nilsson , Hardenberger pursued further studies at the Paris Conservatoire , with Pierre Thibaud , and in Los Angeles with Thomas Stevens .
Year 101 ( CI ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In 1963 , the CMA announced that a Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum was to be built on Music Row in Nashville .
The Andean Condor ( Vultur gryphus ) which inhabits the Andean mountains .
Binche is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Russian authors emphasized the historical connections between Belarus , Ukraine and Russia , as former parts of the medieval old Russian state where dynasty of Rurikids reigned ( Kievan Rus ) .
The pilot fish is of a dark blue to blackish-silver color , with the belly being lighter in color .
: : ( ) .
It excludes organic material such as fossil fuel which has been transformed by geological processes into substances such as coal or petroleum .
Gioachino Antonio Rossini ( February 29 , 1792 -- November 13 , 1868 ) was an Italian composer who wrote 39 operas as well as sacred music , chamber music , songs , and some instrumental and piano pieces .
In England he made some important acquaintances , including Edward Thomas ( a member of the group known as the Dymock Poets ) , T.E. Hulme , and Ezra Pound .
On 1 January 2010 the new FIDE rating list was published , and at the age of he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one , breaking the record previously held by Vladimir Kramnik .
In botany , a stoma ( also stomate ; plural stomata ) is a pore , found in the leaf and stem epidermis that is used for gas exchange .
Kok-borok ( also spelled Kok Borok ) is the native language of the Borok people in the Indian state of Tripura and its neighboring areas of Bangladesh .
Pre-discovery data from Hubble observations in 2002-3 implied that Nix was the brighter moon .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
The NFL awarded the Joe F. Carr Trophy ( named after the league president , 1921 - 39 ) to the league 's MVP from 1938 to 1946 .
Rick Pitino ( born ) is an American basketball coach . Since 2001 , he has been the head coach at the University of Louisville .
Prime Minister Lord John Russell ( United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland )
George Raymond Richard Martin ( born September 20 , 1948 ) , sometimes referred to as GRRM , is an American author and screenwriter of fantasy , horror , and science fiction .
The philosophy of science is concerned with the assumptions , foundations , methods and implications of science .
This position is often cited as good for beginners , because it allows them to relax more fully than is usual in the doggy style position .
If the terms of a sequence are integers , then the sequence is an integer sequence .
Formula One began the 2006 season using naturally aspirated V8 engines , which replaced the V10 in a move to reduce costs and power .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , Prince of Mindelheim , KG , PC ( 26 May 1650 -- 16 June 1722 ) ( O. S ) , was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Often , one or more of these stories will introduce a fundamental change to a particular show .
Austen died in Winchester on 18 July 1817 , at the age of 41 .
'' Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God '' is a sermon written by American theologian Jonathan Edwards , preached on July 8 , 1741 in Enfield , Connecticut .
In Liverpool , it is known as '' Mizzy Night '' and is celebrated on October 30 .
It lies on the river Aude about due south of Carcassonne .
Big Mary Hatfield , the owner of the Bingo Barn and the wife of Harland Hatfield .
Immediately above 39/F is 50/F , leading many who are not aware of tetraphobia to believe that some floors are missing .
At the time , grunge was at the height of its popularity , and pop punk was slowly beginning to gather mainstream attention .
See also List of costume drama films External links Period Dramas.com a costume-drama movie database based around a historical timeline .
Andre Luiz de Souza Silva or simply known as Biju ( born September 17 , 1974 in Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Zweigen Kanazawa in Japan 's semi-professional Japan Football League .
Rayners Lane , opened March 1 , 1910 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line October 23 , 1933 ( from here to Uxbridge trains share track with Metropolitan Line , and some trains terminate here ) .
The best-known gastropods are terrestrial , but more than two thirds of all species live in a marine environment .
Saint-Sauveur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In the late 1960s , a civil rights campaign developed in Northern Ireland . Adams was an active supporter and joined the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association in 1967 .
The Author 's Farce and the Pleasures of the Town was written during 1729 .
and '' Crocodile Tears '' .
Messing was inclined to take some time off , but the script intrigued her , and she auditioned for the role of Grace Adler , beating out Nicollette Sheridan , who later guest-starred on the show as a romantic rival of Grace 's .
Doom 3 was a critical and commercial success for id Software ; by the beginning of 2007 , over 3.5 million copies of Doom 3 had been sold , making it the most successful project by id Software to date .
Three other Pacific storms , two of which were hurricanes , and three Atlantic storms also had a direct impact on Mexico .
They are insufficient for vision , as they can not distinguish shapes or determine the direction light is coming from .
Other major regional centers in Gelderland are Wageningen , Ede , Zutphen , Doetinchem , Harderwijk , Epe , Wijchen , Tiel and Zevenaar .
Schwanden is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Sir Anthony Richard Wagner , KCB , KCVO , FSA ( 6 September 1908 -- 5 May 1995 ) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Around March 2005 , 800 applicants were selected for an interview by CBS .
This layer can also be called a shrub layer , although the shrub layer may also be considered a separate layer .
Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by Japanese car manufacturer Toyota and based in Cologne , Germany .
Jerez de la Frontera is also , in terms of land area , the largest municipality in the province , and its sprawling outlying areas are a fertile zone for agriculture .
Most of the Alamosaurus are burned alive .
Ross meets mission coordinator and former teammate Tool ( Mickey Rourke ) to vent out his feelings of guilt .
A complex instruction type that has become particularly popular recently is the SIMD or Single-Instruction Stream Multiple-Data Stream operation or vector instruction , an operation that performs the same arithmetic operation on multiple pieces of data at the same time .
The magazine 's commercial heyday was during the 1970s when it became the best-selling British music magazine .
Political science is a social science concerned with the theory and practice of politics and the description and analysis of political systems and political behavior .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
Still Life was the first album recorded with Mendez , and also the first Opeth album to bear any kind of caption on the front cover upon its initial release , including the band 's logo .
The flowers of these plants had a superior ovary and one or more carpels within a thin covering and fleshy interiors .
It is considered a pest in the cereal crops and gardens of India and Sri Lanka , and emits piglike grunts when attacking .
The 1932 -- 33 NHL season was the sixteenth season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Omet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It can be expensive but can help increase a business 's revenue .
Brabham and Lotus chassis were used extensively by other teams during the 1960s and 1970s and several quite competitive teams never built their own chassis .
Seattle Mariners ( -- present )
It is currently used mostly for football matches .
July 17 & ndash ; The armies of the Fourth Crusade capture Constantinople by assault ; the Byzantine emperor Alexius III flees from his capital into exile .
Ho Chi Minh City , formerly named Saigon is the largest city in Vietnam .
Schwarzenberg is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony 's Ore Mountains .
Prognosis Regardless of the part of the body first affected by the disease , it is usual for muscle weakness and atrophy to spread to other parts of the body as the disease progresses .
The Sassanid Empire ( also spelled Sasanid Empire , Sassanian Empire , or Sasanian Empire ) , known to its inhabitants as r nshahr and r n , was the last pre-Islamic Persian Empire , ruled by the Sasanian Dynasty from 224 to 651 .
Their most honorable throne have opened the United Provinces of the South .
Citric acid was first isolated in 1784 by the Swedish chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele , who crystallized it from lemon juice .
Weiland and Tiny Thompson , who won the Vezina Trophy with a 2.23 goals against average , led the Bruins to a final season standings record of 38 wins , 5 losses , and 1 tie -- an .875 winning percentage , an NHL record .
Born in London , he was educated at Highgate School , where a fellow pupil was John Tavener .
Hindenburg , old and senile as well as bedridden from being very sick , thought he was meeting Kaiser Wilhelm II , and he called Hitler '' Your Majesty '' when Hitler first walked into the room .
The river rises south of Dereham .
The Music of the Serbs and Serbia presents a variety of traditional music , which is part of the wider Balkan tradition , with its own distinctive sound and characteristics .
Yuniesky Betancourt ( born January 31 , 1982 , in Santa Clara , Cuba ) is a Major League Baseball shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers .
In 1877 '' Vacheron & Constantin , Fabricants , Geneve '' became the official name of the company .
The tradition is said to have originated with the first London performance of Messiah , which was attended by King George II .
The Rocker is a 2008 comedy starring Rainn Wilson , Josh Gad , Teddy Geiger , Emma Stone , Christina Applegate and Jason Sudeikis .
Shawneetown is a city in Gallatin County , Illinois , United States .
Virtually all Urban contemporary formatted radio stations are located in cities that have sizeable African-American populations , such as Los Angeles , New York City , Atlanta , Dallas , Houston , Chicago , Fayetteville , North Carolina , Charlotte , and Norfolk , Virginia , etc./O.
A grayish green hue is a dull green hue .
Later he became a student of the painter Francisco Magiotto with whom he continued his studies for three years .
The Prague Manifesto ( 1996 ) presents the views of the mainstream of the Esperanto movement and of its main organisation , the World Esperanto Association ( UEA ) .
At sixteen , she fronted a popular local band at a roadside Holiday Inn .
Established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares in the Qionglai Mountains region .
These insects characteristically have large rounded heads covered mostly by well-developed , compound eyes , legs that facilitate catching prey ( other insects ) in flight , two pairs of long , transparent wings that move independently , and elongated abdomens .
The Soviet film industry was solving the sound-film issue without him and his films , techniques , and theories were becoming increasingly attacked as ` ideological failures ' and prime examples of formalism .
Apollo was attributed the epithet Musagetes as the leader of the muses , and Nymphegetes as '' nymph-leader '' .
Debate or debating is a formal method of interactive and representational argument .
His best known and most substantial work is The Adventures of Tintin comic book series , which he wrote and illustrated from 1929 until his death in 1983 , leaving the twenty-fourth Tintin adventure Tintin and Alph-Art unfinished .
The Miller experiment , for example , produces many substances that would undergo cross-reactions with the amino acids or terminate the peptide chain .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 1986-01-09 , and was given the temporary designation S/1986 U 3 .
For Linux , Google has bundled Wine with the Windows version to create an installation package rather than write a native Linux version .
The area , most of which lies within the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , is claimed by the People 's Republic of China , the Republic of China , and India , and is currently administered by India .
From South Waziristan , the river enters the Gomal Valley in district Tank , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa at a place known as Girdavi , Murtuza which is inhabited by the Miani tribe .
During the Song Dynasty , Zhu Xi 's teachings were considered to be unorthodox .
Today , it is a popular summer vacation spot for many tourists because of its proximity to the famous Patrimonio vineyards and one of the most beautiful beaches on the Mediterranean coast , Saleccia .
That year , he also finished fifth in the early season Paris-Nice stage race , and ninth in the world championship , but he abandoned the Tour de France on stage 3 , affected by a knee injury .
Giulini 's time with the orchestra was well regarded , however , he resigned the position after his wife became ill , and returned to Italy .
Saffron also contributes a luminous yellow-orange colouring to foods .
iBluegrass.com .
It also borders Bolivia to the southwest .
Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814 , and the King himself traveled with the main army of Prince Schwarzenberg , along with Alexander of Russia and Francis of Austria .
It has a major port and an international airport .
The Steelyard , from the German Stalhof , was in the Middle Ages the main trading base of the Hanseatic League in London .
The eruption killed 57 people , nearly 7,000 big game animals ( deer , elk , and bear ) , and an estimated 12 million fish from a hatchery .
With the exception of the first season finale and second season premiere episodes , which are linked , most other Corner Gas episodes are stand-alone storylines that can be viewed in virtually any order , though occasional incidental references to previous episodes can be found .
During that time he was an outspoken critic of left-wing tendencies in German society and particular accused the governing SPD of being too soft on left-wing extremists .
The second movement to Gustav Mahler 's Eighth Symphony has an extended orchestral and choral introduction in E-flat minor .
Melba was the first Australian to achieve international recognition as a classical musician .
To finance more loans , McNamara told bank treasurer Eugene Rotberg to seek out new sources of capital outside of the northern banks that had been the primary sources of bank funding .
Schnabel also played with a number of other famous musicians including the violinist Joseph Szigeti and the cellists Pablo Casals and Pierre Fournier .
Even during a losing year , he was voted MVP by his teammates . They felt he was one guy who could stay and fight for a losing cause . ''
Saint-Vincent-des-Prés is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
It forms part of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa 's border with Punjab province and Kashmir , India , and it also borders the following Union Councils within Abbottabad district , Seer Gharbi to the west , Nathiagali to the North and Malkot to the north west .
Banda Falzullah
Giddens , Anthony , Duneier , Mitchell , Applebaum , Richard .
He named it Coombing Park .
For the moment the team has not won a championship although it has qualified twice for the South American Cup .
Career summary Kournikova 's two Grand Slam doubles titles came in 1999 and 2002 , both at the Australian Open in the Women 's Doubles event with partner Martina Hingis , with whom she played frequently starting in 1999 .
While participants do need to be reasonably fit to stand a realistic chance of success in the challenge , most active people , and particularly those who are young or used to hillwalking , should not be put off by the daunting prospect of climbing three famously high mountains in succession .
After a March 9 meeting between Stalin and his military advisers , a secret memorandum was sent to Molotov on March 12 , 1948 , outlining a plan to force the policy of the western allies into line with the wishes of the Soviet government by '' regulating '' access to Berlin .
Ponte Tresa is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Perry 's musical career began in the late 1950s as a record seller for Clement Coxsone Dodd 's sound system .
On 24 March 1603 , he also became King of England and Ireland as James I when he inherited the English crown and thereby united the Crowns of the Kingdoms of Scotland and England ( each country remained legally separate though both ruled by James ) .
Much of Lugar 's work in the Senate is toward the dismantling of nuclear , biological , and chemical weapons around the world .
A special Meowth card was available with purchase of Pokémon Trading Card Video Game .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , ( including 88 Australians , and 38 Indonesian citizens ) .
On November 27 , 2008 , Astley participated in a live rickroll during the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade while the Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends characters were singing '' Best Friend '' , the theme from the 1970s TV series The Courtship of Eddie 's Father .
The United Nations ' goal is to keep world peace , improve world 's living conditions in general to make the world a better place to live in .
Carstens is well known for hiking Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people .
He was the head of the London bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics , and , after the International Olympic Committee awarded the games to London , became the chairman of the London Organising Committee for the Olympic Games .
Icelandic is a North Germanic language , the main language of Iceland .
To this end , you can use this template to notify a user that you have responded to his\/her message on your own talk page .
The most common are four , five , or six strings : Four strings with alternate tunings to obtain an extended lower range .
Hyssop is said to be antagonistic to radishes , and they should not be grown nearby .
This may be due to the ability to damage the genome or to the disruption of cellular metabolic processes .
TSN is owned by CTV Specialty Television , a joint venture of CTVglobemedia ( 80 % ) and ESPN ( 20 % ) .
Following receipt of a formal proposal to develop the Ranger site , the Commonwealth Government initiated an inquiry into land use in the Alligator Rivers region .
Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968 , in the Willowdale neighborhood of Toronto , Ontario , currently composed of bassist , keyboardist , and lead vocalist Geddy Lee , guitarist Alex Lifeson , and drummer and lyricist Neil Peart .
Observation of the satellite 's orbit has made possible an accurate determination of Hermione 's mass/O. .
The Internet Broadway Database ( IBDB ) is an online database of Broadway theater productions and their personnel .
The first Gewandhaus was built in 1781 by architect Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe .
The Turkish Angora is a breed of domestic cat .
Bouygues website : Hassan II Mosque It stands on a promontory looking out to the Atlantic , which can be seen through a gigantic glass floor with room for 25,000 worshippers .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
Lange 's best-known picture is titled '' Migrant Mother . ''
After World War II , he studied law and economics at the universities of Halle and Leipzig ( 1946 - 1949 ) and joined the East German Liberal Democratic Party ( LDPD ) in 1946 .
After an automobile accident cut short his career in naval aviation , Cousteau indulged his interest in the sea .
In most countries , an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality , and few members of the association usually enjoy limited liability .
Small fragments , formerly thrown away or used only for varnish , are now used on a large scale in the formation of '' amberoid '' or '' pressed amber '' .
The crown-of-thorns starfish ( Acanthaster planci ) is a large nocturnal sea star that preys upon coral polyps .
Historically the bugle was used in the cavalry to relay instructions from officers to soldiers during battle .
First starting out as an independent musician in the late 1990s , he released three independent albums before signing with Universal South Records .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , singer-songwriter , film and television director and producer .
Comano Terme , a comune in the province of Trento , Italy ( created in 2010 )
Population prior to Rita : Approximately 300 Geography It is located 10 miles west of Cameron and 12 miles east of Johnson Bayou .
In its Latin form , Biblia Hebraica , it traditionally serves as a title for printed editions of the Masoretic Text .
It boots from either a CD or a USB flash drive , into a Fluxbox desktop environment .
On August 18 , 1843 the Linden Opera was destroyed by fire .
They are usually served as a sweet breakfast food , topped with butter and various syrups , but are also found in many different savory dishes , such as fried chicken and waffles or topped with kidney stew .
In support of its vision and mission , NOAA has four goals to guide its suite of operations .
Many named for Jeffrey Amherst , 1st Baron Amherst :
Electrochemical cell , a device for extracting electricity from chemical reactions , often used as part of a battery
Halo 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie Studios .
Water jet cutter , a tool for cutting and the machining of engineering materials
Spain 's population , which had been battling fires after a record breaking summer drought , welcomed the rains brought by Vince 's remnants .
Followers of this sect , however , claim its true founder was Jabir ibn Zaid al - ` Azdi from Nizwa , Oman .
Brown , Delmer et al .
For example , the sympathetic nervous system can accelerate heart rate ; widen bronchial passages ; decrease motility ( movement ) of the large intestine ; constrict blood vessels ; increase peristalsis in the esophagus ; cause pupillary dilation , piloerection ( goose bumps ) and perspiration ( sweating ) ; and raise blood pressure .
The Territory of Michigan was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from June 30 , 1805 , until January 26 , 1837 , when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Michigan .
He is shown to have a warm heart , for he frankly asks Lady Delacour to make his peace with Belinda after he spoke rashly about her .
Nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) spectroscopy is the most commonly used technique , often permitting complete assignment of atom connectivity and even stereochemistry using correlation spectroscopy .
He is a principal character in three of the seven books ( The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , Prince Caspian , and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader ) , and a lesser character in two others ( The Horse and His Boy and The Last Battle ) .
Franklin is a Canadian animated television series , based on the Franklin the Turtle books by Brenda Clark ( illustrator ) and Paulette Bourgeois ( writer ) .
As mosques are supposed to appeal to the community , they may also have additional facilities , from health clinics to libraries to gymnasiums , to serve the community .
In an interview for the Vintage Books and Anchor Books blog , editor Laura Furman called the collaboration with PEN a '' natural partnership . ''
The land went through several administrative changes before becoming an organized territory on May 11 , 1912 , and the 49th state of the U.S. on January 3 , 1959 .
One of these stretches along Lake Constance in the north .
Edward and his family risk their lives to protect her , but James tracks Bella to Phoenix where she is hiding and lures her into a trap by claiming he is holding her mother hostage .
The Great War At the start of the war , the many retail societies in the Co-operative movement grew in both membership and trade , in part because of their very public anti-profiteering stance .
Walt Disney 's Snow White premiered at the Carthay Circle Theater on December 21 , 1937 , and the film was released to theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on February 4 , 1938 .
In April 1883 , Wilson applied to the Johns Hopkins University to study for a doctorate in history and political science and began his studies there in the fall .
FINRA , Regulatory Notice 07-59 , Supervision of Electronic Communications , December 2007 Changes to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , effective December 1 , 2006 , created a new category for electronic records which may be requested during discovery in legal proceedings .
With the failure of the 1969 Dodge Charger 500 , the 1969 Dodge Charger Daytona was a high performance , limited edition version of the Dodge Charger produced in the summer of 1969 for the sole purpose of winning NASCAR races .
True perch have '' rough '' or ctenoid scales .
The injured reserve list is a list of reserved players who are injured and unable to play for a period of time , used most prominently in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and National Football League ( NFL ) .
In Florida and Georgia , the precipitation assisted firefighters in combating severe wildfires .
River Bluff is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .
Users gave the film a 4.2 / 10 approval rating based on 12 votes .
While termites are commonly known , especially in Australia , as '' white ants , '' they are not closely related to true ants .
Plaster is a building material similar to mortar or cement .
One of the struggles that Whedon had with FOX was the tone of the show , especially with the main character Malcolm Reynolds .
Saint-Germain-d ` Arcé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The team skating in front of Thompson included Bill Cowley , Shore , Clapper and '' Sudden Death '' Mel Hill ( who scored three overtime goals in one playoff series ) , together with the '' Kraut Line '' of center Milt Schmidt , right winger Bobby Bauer and left winger Woody Dumart .
Aquaman has appeared in multiple cartoon series , such as The Superman\/Aquaman Hour of Adventure , Super Friends , and Justice League as well as a live action version appearing in the TV series Smallville .
Universal Declaration of Human Rights , United Nations , 10 December 1948 Since that time a number of other international treaties have been adopted to prevent the use of torture .
man s ) is a prehensile , multi-fingered body part located at the end of an arm or forelimb of primates and some other vertebrates .
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in 1962 in London when multi-instrumentalist Brian Jones and pianist Ian Stewart were joined by vocalist Mick Jagger and guitarist Keith Richards .
Austria has been the birthplace of many famous composers such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Joseph Haydn , Franz Schubert , Anton Bruckner , Johann Strauss , Sr. , Johann Strauss , Jr. and Gustav Mahler as well as members of the Second Viennese School such as Arnold Schoenberg , Anton Webern and Alban Berg .
The African dormice , Graphiurus , are a genus of dormouse that live throughout sub-Saharan Africa in a variety of habitats .
The volcano is situated in a valley above and east of the Tseax River , about south of the river 's junction with the larger Nass River .
However , his popularity waned when he had to fulfill his mandatory military service .
She was born at Richmond Palace .
For other people named Muhammad Ali , or Mehmet Ali , see Muhammad Ali ( disambiguation ) and Mehemet Ali ( disambiguation ) .
At one time , there were detailed contemporaneous histories on Caligula , but they are now lost .
After her husband died , she raised her five children by selling flowers and vegetables at a coal mine .
It appears as if genera from southeast Asian islands and Australia may be early offshoots compared to mainland forms .
It originated in medieval Rus ' , and in the 10th century represented a boyar council .
Acoustic guitars ( and similar instruments ) with hollow bodies , have been in use for over a thousand years .
The latter is co-located with the Permanent Joint Headquarters of the United Kingdom 's armed forces , and a NATO Regional Command , Allied Maritime Component Command Northwood ( AMCCN ) .
Retrieved on 21 February 2008 .
Malthusianism refers to the political/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
Lara was well-known for appearing as a featured vocalist in the song '' Coral Sea '' , which is included in Jay Chou 's sixth album November 's Chopin .
In the 1950s , the meaning of the term beige expanded to the point where it is now used for a wide range of pale yellowish-brown shades .
The term '' combat '' ( French for fight ) typically refers to armed conflict between military forces in warfare , whereas the more general term '' fighting '' can refer to any violent conflict .
Tropical wet and dry or savanna climate ( Aw ) : These climates have a pronounced dry season , with the driest month having precipitation less than 60 mm and also less than ( 100 & minus ; annual precipitation { mm } \/O/ 25 ) .
Although these dogs are very helpful , the origins of this arrangement are unknown .
The backhand can be a one-handed or two-handed stroke .
Despite Sue 's resignation from the game , a reward challenge was still held .
Worf , played by Michael Dorn , is a main character in Star Trek : The Next Generation and in seasons four to seven of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine .
The Pearson Air Museum displays a number of unusual , unique and historic aircraft .
Ordonnaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 .
The difficulty of operating all the prop 's parts at once contributed to the occasionally jerky movements of the Dalek .
Retrieved on 2007-10-08 There are two main varieties of D'Anjou : The Green Anjou has a pale green skin that does n't change color as the pear ripens .
Cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground , and therefore contains very little suspended particulate matter .
She is a Privy Councillor and was the Member of Parliament for Maidstone from 1987 to 1997 and for Maidstone and The Weald from 1997 to 2010 . She was a social conservative and a member of the Conservative Christian Fellowship .
For example , a driver finishing in the first three positions five times within the last two years in GP2 will be eligible for a Super Licence .
From 1000 to 1844 , Latin was the official language of the country .
He played the deciding game , but his team fell short of winning the Alberta title with a 3 - 1 loss to Currie Army .
He was a long-time Nintendo employee , creator of the Game Boy and Game and Watch , and producer of the long-running Metroid series .
John Simm ( born 10 July 1970 ) is an English stage and screen actor .
DreamWorks Animation has produced some of the highest grossing animated hits of all time , such as Antz (/O1998/O) , The Prince of Egypt (/O1998/O) , Shrek (/O2001/O) , its sequels Shrek 2 (/O2004/O) , Shrek the Third (/O2007/O) and Shrek Forever After (/O2010/O) ; Shark Tale (/O2004/O) , Madagascar (/O2005/O) , Over the Hedge (/O2006/O) , Flushed Away (/O2006/O) , Bee Movie (/O2007/O) , Kung Fu Panda (/O2008/O) and How to Train Your Dragon (/O2010/O) .
The object was rewelded and fenced off , but continued to cause concern and debate over its future .
After moving to Melbourne , in 1983 Gillard became the second woman to lead the Australian Union of Students .
Sapindaceae , also known as the soapberry family , is a family of flowering plants in the order Sapindales .
On 12 July 1852 , Wallace embarked for the UK on the brig Helen .
Please sign your messages on discussion pages using four tildes ( ~ ~ ~ ~ ) ; this will automatically insert your username and the date .
The curie ( symbol Ci ) is a unit of radioactivity , defined as
Jumigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Simpsons ' first season originally aired between December 17 , 1989 and May 13 , 1990 , beginning with the Christmas special '' Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' .
Some crafts have been practiced for centuries , while others are modern inventions , or popularisations of crafts which were originally practiced in a very small geographic area .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by American heavy metal band Metallica , released in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
Construction begins on the Arch of Constantine in Rome .
In 1982 , the soprano bade farewell to the opera stage , in Paris , as Tatyana in Tchaikovsky 's Eugene Onegin .
This page contains a list of viceroys in Barbados from its initial colonisation in 1627 by England until it achieved independence in 1966 .
Dictionnaire des noms géographiques contenus dans les textes hieroglyphiques .
Cape Romano is a cape at the southern end of Caxambas Island , just south of Marco Island and northwest of the Ten Thousand Islands in Collier County , Florida .
A fire is contained in a firebox or firepit ; a chimney or other flue directs gas and particulate exhaust to escape .
After 6 years of touring and releasing records with the band , Joe formed Rise Against with singer\/guitarist Tim McIlrath , former 88FL guitarist Mr. Precision , and drummer Brandon Barnes .
In the spring semester of 1941 , despite his mother 's and Isum 's reservations , Robinson left college just shy of graduation .
The Historikerstreit spanned the years 1986-1989 , and pitted left-wing against right-wing intellectuals .
Second Part The Second Part of The Pilgrim 's Progress presents the pilgrimage of Christian 's wife , Christiana ; their sons ; and the maiden , Mercy .
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty Minutes
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In the professional tournaments Novak Djokovic won the Australian Open for the second time while Kim Clijsters won her maiden Open .
The band won the MTV awards for Best Rock Video for '' Somewhere I Belong '' and the Viewer 's Choice Award for '' Breaking the Habit '' .
Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band from Birmingham , formed in 1969 .
Timon and Pumbaa 's home is ruined by this event . Pumbaa tells Timon about a '' dream home '' in the jungle , but Timon ignores him .
His large wall works in fresco helped establish the Mexican Mural Renaissance .
A political faction could thus be described as a '' party within a party .
It was Osho 's view that '' Zorba the Buddha '' should reject neither science nor spirituality , but embrace them both .
The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Taluka and is administratively subdivided into 2 Union Councils .
The ecozones are based largely on the biogeographic realms of Pielou (/O1979/O) and Udvardy (/O1975/O) .
European Voyages of Exploration : Imperial Spain In this year also was the first voyage of Christopher Columbus to the New World , beginning the development of the Spanish Empire .
In January 1959 Senegal and the French Sudan merged to form the Mali Federation , which became fully independent on 20 June 1960 , as a result of the independence and the transfer of power agreement signed with France on 4 April 1960 .
Sir Richard was appointed by the High Court of the Admiralty to set up the first English law court in the New World in 1615 in Trinity .
He is the eldest of four siblings .
Though their grandson Charles I of Spain ( also known as Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) favoured Seville , it was Charles ' son , Philip II ( 1527 1598 ) who moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
Pendergrass was born Theodore DeReese Pendergrass at Thomas Jefferson Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
He , along with nine friends , formed Image Ten Productions in the late 1960s , and produced Night of the Living Dead ( 1968 ) .
It is the second installment in the Guitar Hero series and is the sequel to Guitar Hero .
The group participated in the Vienna premieres of works by Brahms , including his Clarinet Quintet and his Quintet in G major Opus 111 .
The Shogun took the boy as his lover , in the shudo tradition , in 1374 .
Las Yayas de Viajama
Masahiro Ando is a retired Japanese footballer player .
Draw A vector graphics editor and diagramming tool , similar to Microsoft Visio and comparable in features to early versions of CorelDRAW .
While serving aboard her , Choules witnessed the surrender of the German Imperial Navy at the Firth of Forth in 1918 , ten days after the Armistice , and also witnessed the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow .
However , peptic ulcer disease symptoms may be different for every sufferer .
Epstein attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art ( RADA ) in London . His RADA classmates included actors Susannah York , Albert Finney and Peter O'Toole , but Epstein dropped out after the third term .
In computer networking and computer science , bandwidth , network bandwidth , data bandwidth or digital bandwidth , is a bit rate measure of available or consumed data communication resources expressed in bits\/second or multiples of it ( kilobits\/s , megabits\/s etc ) .
Character-by-character computer-aided phototypesetting was in turn rapidly rendered obsolete in the 1980s by fully digital systems employing a raster image processor to render an entire page to a single high-resolution digital image , now known as imagesetting .
In many MMORPGs the number of players in one world is often limited to around a few thousand , but a notable example of the opposite is EVE Online which accommodates several hundred thousand players on the same server , with over 60,000 playing simultaneously ( June 2010 ) at certain times .
Structure Typically , a CEO has several subordinate executives , each of whom has specific functional responsibilities .
Since about 1990 , the game port has usually been integrated with a PC I\/O or sound card , either ISA or PCI , or as an on-board feature of some motherboards ; before that , it was usually on a dedicated ISA card .
Suffix proxy servers are easier to use than regular proxy servers .
Vince Lombardi was raised in the Sheepshead Bay area of southern Brooklyn and attended its public schools through the eighth grade .
But the narrator states that unlike the dinosaurs humans reshaped the planet , they build cities that touch its sky , vehicles that can leave it , and weapons that can destroy it .
It is a major cause of death in intensive-care units worldwide , with mortality rates that range from 20 % for sepsis to 40 % for severe sepsis to ) 60 % for septic shock .
Timothy Franz Geithner ( ; born August 18 , 1961 ) is an American economist , banker , and civil servant . He is the 75th and current United States Secretary of the Treasury , serving under President Barack Obama .
Biogas originates from biogenic material and is a type of biofuel .
has the following argument form :
The enormous financial loss ... ( to Potter ) only became evident over time '' , but the necessity of protecting her intellectual property hit home after the successful 1903 publication of The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin when her father returned from the Burlington Arcade in Mayfair at Christmas 1903 with a toy squirrel labeled Nutkin .
Food colorings are tested for safety by various bodies around the world and sometimes different bodies have different views on food color safety .
Erlen is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The war was between the British , who controlled the Cape , and the Boer Republics .
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature , the first Australian to have achieved this .
It has a land area of 29 hectares , and houses the College of Agriculture Complex , the Silliman Farm , a number of dormitories ( known as the Cocofed Dormitories ) and the Marine Laboratory .
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt was born at 56 West 37th Street in New York City , the daughter of Elliott Roosevelt and Anna Hall Roosevelt .
On the final night , Scooch finished 23rd out of 24 entries with 19 points ; 7 points from Ireland and the maximum 12 points from Malta .
February 2 & ndash ; Ayn Rand , American author ( The Fountainhead ) ( d. 1982 )
Approximately thirty minutes into the flight , the hijackers forcefully breached the cockpit , and overpowered the pilot and first officer , allowing lead hijacker and trained pilot Marwan al-Shehhi to take over the controls .
The city is also a center of sugar production and industry .
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald 's and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald 's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
The Black Vulture , Coragyps atratus , also known as the American Black Vulture , is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America .
Beginning instruction of undergraduates in 1795 , UNC is the oldest public university in the United States , and the only that awarded degrees in the eighteenth century .
In late 1978 , the double-platinum Dog and Butterfly followed suit .
It was directed by Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau and starred Max Schreck as Count Orlock .
The DVD features My Chemical Romance 's final performance as '' The Black Parade '' from the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City , Mexico on October 7 , 2007 and as '' My Chemical Romance '' from Maxwell 's in Hoboken , New Jersey , on October 24 , 2007 .
William Theodore Mueller ( born September 10 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Trevor Murdoch , is best known for his time working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) and currently World League Wrestling ( WLW ) .
Liquid is one of the principal states of matter .
Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , Jolie currently lives with actor Brad Pitt , in a relationship that has attracted worldwide media attention .
The San Diego Zoo in Balboa Park , San Diego , California , is one of the largest and most progressive zoos in the world , with over 4,000 animals of more than 800 species .
The movie revolves around a '' mutant cure '' that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans , and on the mysterious resurrection of Jean Grey , who appeared to have died in X2 .
The Chernobyl disaster was a nuclear accident that occurred on 26 April 1986 , at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine ( then in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , part of the Soviet Union ) .
There have been at least four major ice ages in the Earth 's past .
Year 25 ( XXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Chris Miller , who had voiced Kowalski , was replaced by Jeff Bennett , while Christopher Knights was replaced by James Patrick Stuart for the voice of Private . Danny Jacobs took over from Sacha Baron Cohen as the voice of King Julien , and Cedric the Entertainer 's character , Maurice , is now voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson .
The name Hertha is a variation on Nerthus referring to fertility goddess from Germanic mythology .
This Poultry company operates a Processing Plant , a Feed Mill , and a Hatchery in Heavener . OK Foods first came to Heavener in the early 1990s .
Tinker Bell ( Mae Whitman ) is born from the first laugh of a baby , and is brought by the winds to Pixie Hollow ( which is part of the island of Never Land ) .
Browns owner Art Modell fired Carson halfway through the 1990 season , following a 42-0 home loss to the eventual 1990 AFC Champion Buffalo Bills . Browns ' offensive coordinator Jim Shofner became head coach and the demoralized Browns finished the season with a franchise worst 3-13 record .
Shares of the company began trading on March 24 , 2006 , with an initial public offering of C$ 27 per share , raising over $ 700 million in the first day of trading .
Pascal Chimbonda ( born 21 February 1979 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Blackburn Rovers in the English Premier League .
Olonne-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In 1975 the urban district of Neuss lost its independent status and was merged into the Grevenbroich district , which was renamed to Kreis Neuss to represent the new administrative seat .
Singers Gregorian chant was traditionally sung by choirs of men and boys in churches , or by women and men of religious orders in their chapels .
Broadcast from the start of CBeebies every morning at 06:00 until 09:00 , hosted by Andy Day and Sidney Sloane .
Further support to the single body origin comes from the known colors : all2 the satellites appear light red , with color indices B-V = 0.76 and V-R = 0.47 and infrared spectra , similar to D-type asteroids .
Lilongwe River is a river in Malawi , it flows through Lilongwe , the capital of the country .
The Three Kingdoms of Korea refer to the ancient Korean kingdoms of Goguryeo , Baekje and Silla , which dominated the Korean peninsula and parts of Manchuria for much of the 1st millennium AD .
Courcy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Dettelbach is a town in the district of Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria , Germany .
Hopper 's belief that programs should be written in a language that was close to English rather than in machine code or languages close to machine code ( such as assembly language ) was captured in the new business language , and COBOL would go on to be the most ubiquitous business language to date .
Avalanches may be triggered on many slopes even if only light loads [ 2 ] are applied .
Shortly thereafter , other companies followed suit .
February 11 & ndash ; The University of Missouri is established , becoming the first public university west of the Mississippi River .
Aramaic , Hebrew : , Mary m Miriam ; Arabic : , Maryam ) , often referred to by Christians as the Virgin Mary or Saint Mary , was a Jewish woman of Nazareth in Galilee , identified in the New Testament as the mother of Jesus Christ .
Fuligny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
-- )
She served three terms as Prime Minister of Norway ( 1981 , 1986-89 , 1990-96 ) , and has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization .
Security-Enhanced Linux ( SELinux ) is a Linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including United States Department of Defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of Linux Security Modules ( LSM ) in the Linux kernel .
Reward Challenge : Members from each tribe would race into the water to retrieve a safety ring .
The crust of the Earth is composed of a great variety of igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary rocks .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith was released on DVD on October 31 , 2005 in the United Kingdom , on November 1 , 2005 in the United States and Canada and on November 3 , 2005 in Australia .
Wales is a city in the Nome Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
Reprise Records is an American record label , founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra .
Stanford was founded by Leland Stanford , a railroad magnate , United States Senator , and former California Governor , and his wife , Jane Stanford .
Extension to Hounslow and Uxbridge Turnham Green , opened January 1 , 1869 by the London & South Western Railway ; first served by the Piccadilly line June 23 , 1963 .
Suazo took his first steps at Olimpia Reservas and later went on to play at the Liga Bancaria .
Agility in combat made the Camel one of the best-remembered Allied aircraft of the First World War .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
Silly Putty is sold as a 13 gram ( 0.47 ounce ) piece of plastic clay inside an egg-shaped plastic container .
He was one of the first NHL goaltenders to catch the puck with his hand to make a save , and helped popularize the technique .
Both cities ' numerous mosques are the destination for large numbers of Muslims on their Hajj ( annual pilgrimage ) .
F. J. R. R. , '' A Reconnaissance of the Gilf Kebir by the Late Sir Robert Clayton East Clayton '' and P. A. Clayton , '' The Western Side of the Gilf Kebir '' Geographical Journal 81 , 249-254 and 254-259 , (/O1933/O)
Jamaica -- Book by E. Y. Harburg and Fred Saidy , music by Harold Arlen , lyrics by E. Y. Harburg .
is one of the 26 states of Brazil , the second most populous and the second richest , fourth largest by area in the federation .
Hispar Glacier is a 49 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the ( Northern Areas , Pakistan ) which meets the 63 km long Biafo Glacier at the Hispar La ( Pass ) at an altitude of 5,128 m ( 16,824 feet ) to create the world 's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions .
Cabell '' Cab '' Calloway III ( December 25 , 1907 & ndash ; November 18 , 1994 ) was an American jazz singer and bandleader .
He died on April 27 , 2007 .
However , tantalum , iridium , osmium , titanium and a few other metals are capable of withstanding chemical attack from it .
A gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit torque to another gear or toothed component .
Pope Innocent VIII ( 1432 -- July 25 , 1492 ) , born Giovanni Battista Cybo ( or Cibo ) , was Pope from 1484 until his death .
Mayor Gus Manuel on Galveston claimed that the NWS did an excellent job during Alicia .
Zoo Tycoon 2 was released on November 2004 .
On June 2 , 2010 , Klotzbach 's team issued their second updated forecast for the 2010 season , predicting 18 named storms , 10 hurricanes , and 5 major hurricanes .
At its inception , ordinary language philosophy ( also called linguistic philosophy ) had been taken as either an extension of or as an alternative to analytic philosophy .
It responds to medical emergencies in Northern Ireland with the 270 plus ambulances at its disposal .
He is also the great-grandfather of the noted Catholic theologian Cardinal Avery Dulles .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura - the largest natural lake being Lac de Chalain , measuring 3 km long and 1 km wide .
The City of Halifax ( est .
On 2 August 2005 , in response to a petition filed by Bangladesh Legal Aids and Services Trust ( BLAST ) the High Court had declared Gram Sarkar illegal and unconstitutional .
Martin Luther King , Sr. ( December 19 , 1899 - November 11 , 1984 ) was a Baptist Religious missionary , an advocate for equal justice , an early civil rights leader , and the father of Martin Luther King , Jr./O.
The art technique was known from the classical world , where it appears to have taken over from encaustic painting and was the main medium used for panel painting and illuminated manuscripts in the Byzantine world and Medieval and Early renaissance Europe .
There are three types of mechanical waves : Transverse waves , longitudinal waves , and surface wavessound waves , water waves , earthquake waves .
Later , it became apparent that organisms previously called Triactinomyxon dubium and T. gyrosalmo ( class Actinosporea ) were in fact triactinomyxon stages of M. cerebralis , whose life cycle was expanded to include the triactinomyxon stage .
These are HP , Attack , Defense , Special Attack , Special Defense , and Speed .
Fish roe or ashpal is widely used in Gileki cuisine .
New Mills can refer to the built-up area that includes Newtown and Low Leighton , or the civil parish that includes the villages and hamlets of Thornsett , Hague Bar , Rowarth , Brookbottom , Gowhole , and most of Birch Vale .
After saving the Mushroom Kingdom , brothers Mario and Luigi agree to take a vacation to a place called Dinosaur Land , where there are many types of dinosaurs . While resting in the beach , however , Princess Toadstool disappears .
Michael Busniuk ( born December 13 , 1951 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Toyoki Hasagewa is a Japanese football player currently playing for HOYO Atletico ELAN Oita , a club playing in Oita Prefectural League Division 1 .
Ryanair ( , , ) is an Irish low-cost airline with its head office at Dublin Airport , Ireland , and with primary operational bases at Dublin Airport and London Stansted Airport .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
It is commonly observed near microbursts and downbursts caused by thunderstorms , fronts , areas of locally higher low level winds referred to as low level jets , near mountains , radiation inversions that occur due to clear skies and calm winds , buildings , wind turbines , and sailboats .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
The waxing crescent moon symbolizes the hope of the country for a shining future and the stars represent the five provinces ( welayatlar ) of Turkmenistan -- Ahal , Balkan , Dashhowuz , Lebap , and Mary .
The Number of the Beast is the third studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
In 1927 the family moved to East St. Louis , Illinois .
The House of Commons of Canada is a component of the Parliament of Canada , along with the Sovereign ( represented by the Governor General ) and the Senate .
The known methods of reproduction are broadly grouped into two main types : sexual and asexual .
It is included and enabled by default in Windows Vista and Windows 7 , and is available as a free download for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
Fiedler 's relationship with the orchestra continued until the mid 1970 's .
Jaragua Sphaero ( Sphaerodactylus ariasae ) to the 8 m ( 26 ft. ) Green Anaconda ( Eunectes murinus ) .
All productions are performed in English , and the company is known for its modernized productions and lower ticket prices .
Friedrich Wilhelm Reinhold Pieck ( ; 3 January 1876 -- 7 September 1960 ) was a German politician and a Communist .
Besides those two regions , the historical region of Tyrol for many centuries also included the southern part of Tyrol and the historical region of Welschtirol , which were annexed by Italy after World War I. By that , North Tyrol and East Tyrol were effectively cut off from each other .
Rijmen and Preneel tried attacking MacGuffin with different S-boxes , taken directly from DES . This version proved to be slightly stronger , but they warn that designing an algorithm to resist only known attacks is generally not a good design principle .
Mergey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The 4400 ( pronounced '' the forty-four hundred '' ) is a science fiction TV series produced by CBS Paramount Network Television The show was produced by Viacom Productions during season one and by Paramount Network Television during season two , after the former was absorbed by the latter in 2005 .
Kwethluk is a city in Bethel Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Cape Canaveral is located at .
Red Hook is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
December 25 -- Henry VI is crowned king of Sicily .
Lincolnshire ( or ; abbreviated Lincs ) is a county in the east of England .
Dendermonde ( French : Termonde ) is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Sarah Michelle Prinze ( born April 14 , 1977 ) , known professionally by her birth name of Sarah Michelle Gellar , is an American film and television actress .
In the case of the Naoreans this interpretation is based upon the Creation story ( see 1 and 2 ) , especially on the Divine Man , Adam , as crowned and anointed King-priest .
By 1536 Henry VIII had broken with Rome , seized the church 's assets in England and declared the Church of England as the established church with himself as its head . The Act of Supremacy 1534 confirmed the King 's status as having supremacy over the church and required the nobility to swear an oath recognizing Henry 's supremacy .
Daniel Ken '' Dan '' Inouye ( ; , Inoue Ken ; born September 7 , 1924 ) is an American politician who is the senior United States Senator from Hawaii and the President pro tempore of the United States Senate making him the highest-ranking Asian-American politician in American history .
The NHC forecaster decided that '' if it looks like a hurricane , it probably is , despite its environment and unusual location '' .
A first aid kit is a collection of supplies and equipment for use in giving first aid .
Robards is a city in Henderson County , Kentucky , United States .
They are also known to prey on birds , snakes , lizards , and bats .
At the festival it was announced that Abu Dhabi had won the rights to host a Grand Prix from 2009 until 2016 .
They are the offspring of Sorcha and Iubdan ( formerly Hugh of Harrowfield ) .
his films include The NeverEnding Story , Enemy Mine , Outbreak , In the Line of Fire , Air Force One , The Perfect Storm , Troy , and Poseidon .
VY Canis Majoris ( VY CMa ) is a red hypergiant star located in the constellation Canis Major .
Sarajevo 's official city abbreviation
Shortly after the park opened , Disney advertised the park using the fictional word '' nahtazu '' .
Birac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This provocation was the best known of several actions in Operation Himmler , a Nazi Germany SS project to create the appearance of Polish aggression against Germany , which would be used to justify the subsequent invasion of Poland .
Homer 's middle initial '' J '' , which stands for '' Jay '' , is a '' tribute '' to animated characters such as Bullwinkle J. Moose and Rocket J. Squirrel from The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show who got their middle initial from Jay Ward .
This is a list of traditional names for stars , mostly derived from Arabic and Latin .
He is most known for his work as music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and principal conductor of the Vienna State Opera .
David Américo Ortiz Arias ( born November 18 , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Major League Baseball designated hitter who has played for the Boston Red Sox since .
He was one of the foremost architects of his time and , apart from Wells , was engaged in work for the king at Windsor and at New College , Oxford and Winchester Cathedral .
A tongue-twister is a phrase that is designed to be difficult to articulate properly .
Amherst may refer to :
As of 2006 , the Census estimates the population to be 11,547 .
Oceanic crust is the part of Earth 's lithosphere that surfaces in the ocean basins .
the Meru , Embu , Kamba and possibly Mbeere .
Petit-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Basil is impressed by Dorian 's beauty and becomes infatuated with him , believing his beauty is responsible for a new mode in his art .
The sphericity of the Earth was established by Hellenistic astronomy in the 3rd century BCE , and the earliest terrestrial globe appeared from that period .
LeAnn Rimes ( born August 28 , 1982 ) is an American country singer-songwriter , actress , and author .
Pasta is a generic term for foods made from an unleavened dough of wheat or buckwheat , flour and water , sometimes with other ingredients such as eggs and vegetable extracts .
William Ronald Durnan ( January 22 , 1916 in Toronto , Ontario -- October 31 , 1972 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
However because football needs very little equipment it can be played by all kinds of people for fun as well as money .
The idealized world of his paintings , and his almost photo-realistic style , brought to life goddesses , nymphs , bathers , shepherdesses , and madonnas in a way that appealed to wealthy art patrons of the era .
Like Jane 's Addiction , many of the most popular early 1990s groups with roots in heavy metal fall under the umbrella term '' alternative metal . '' Bands in Seattle 's grunge scene such as Soundgarden , credited as making a '' place for heavy metal in alternative rock '' , and Alice in Chains were at the center of the alternative metal movement .
Scots Confession (/O1560/O) ,
She first attended Pennsylvania 's Bryn Mawr College from 1903 to 1904 , then graduated Oberlin College in Ohio where she later returned to speak many times .
Tsuburaya decided not to market any of the disputed six Ultra Series outside Japan until it had completely settled the rights issues with Chaiyo , although the company continued to merchandise and distribute all of the Ultraman programs created after Ultraman Taro , including the theatrical feature Ultraman the Next , throughout the world .
Wicked Science is an Australian television series , which debuted on July 2 , 2004 .
The Gulf of Oman used to be called The Persian Sea in maps of antiquity .
It is located in the Himalayas and bordered to the north by the People 's Republic of China , and to the south , east , and west by the Republic of India .
The band 's characteristic costumes are generally made of foam latex , styrofoam , and hardened rubber .
Founded in 1541 by Jorge Robledo as Villa de Santafé on the western bank of the Cauca River , in 1545 it received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain .
Mega Man X7 , known as in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) console .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
Short-beaked Echidnas can live anywhere that has a good supply of food .
history .
Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , or nuclear magnetic resonance imaging ( NMRI ) , is primarily a noninvasive medical imaging technique used in radiology to visualize detailed internal structure and limited function of the body .
New York is often referred to as New York State to distinguish it from New York City .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 320 000 years and 3 200 000 years ( 1013 seconds and 1014 seconds ) See also times of other orders of magnitude .
Two branches descend from duke Ernest the Pious , the father of the progenitor of this Saxe-Altenburg branch : Saxe-Meiningen and Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ; according to old Wettin family law , they would have divided the actual territories between them ( as happened to Gotha and Altenburg in 1826 ) .
January -- The Assize of Northampton is enacted .
When all the monosaccharides in a polysaccharide are the same type the polysaccharide is called a homopolysaccharide , but when more than one type of monosaccharide is present they are called heteropolysaccharides .
Boyle 's law ( sometimes referred to as the Boyle-Mariotte law ) is one of many gas laws and a special case of the ideal gas law .
High speed services are operated by HST trains ( British Rail class 43 Locomotives ) with Mk3 coaches .
Swiss cheese without eyes is known as '' blind . ''
The Belcea Quartet is a string quartet , formed in 1994 , under the leadership of violinist Corina Belcea .
An Armenian-American is an American who is of Armenian descent .
At Judgment Day , Kane defeated Triple H to win the Intercontinental Championship .
In August of that year they moved into their first home , a large Italianate property at 2 Chandos Villas on the Woodridings Estate in Hatch End .
Jessore is a junction on the broad gauge based network of the Western Bangladesh Railway .
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is also the capital of the island of Tenerife ( most populated of archipelago and Spain ) and capital of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife .
Since surviving breast cancer in 1992 , she has been an advocate for health awareness becoming involved with various charities , health products and fundraising efforts .
It was known to the ancient Romans as Arabia Felix ( '' Happy Arabia '' ) because of the riches its trade generated .
Antimony and many of its compounds are toxic , and the effects of antimony poisoning are similar to arsenic poisoning .
The term may describe eczema , which is also called dermatitis eczema and eczematous dermatitis . An eczema diagnosis often implies atopic dermatitis ( childhood eczema ) but , without proper context , means nothing more than '' a rash '' .
In 1831 the city became the capital of the Canton of Bern and in 1848 it additionally became the Swiss capital .
It is the only version to which Lincoln affixed his signature , and the last he is known to have written .
The history of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. begins with its founding as Pine Villa F.C. in 1895 , which played in local Manchester and Lancashire leagues .
Some of the notable structures in Pretoria include the Union Buildings , Voortrekker Monument , the main campus of the University of South Africa , Mahlamba Ndlopfu ( the President 's House ) , Reserve Bank of South Africa ( Office Tower ) and the Telkom Lukas Rand Transmission Tower .
Spam bots should be treated equivalently as vandalbots .
In computer science , a data structure is a particular way of storing and organizing data in a computer so that it can be used efficiently .
During this time he named the three Alligator Rivers after the large numbers of crocodiles , which he mistook for alligators .
Users are automatically promoted into the Autoconfirmed/Established users group when their account is four days old and has ten edits .
He is the first governor of New York of African American heritage and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley , who was Acting Governor of Arkansas for 11 days in January 1975 .
The umbrella of the Evangelical Church in Germany comprises 22 regional churches , two Reformed ( Calvinist ) , nine Lutheran and 11 united ( Lutheran-Reformed ) bodies .
The Italian Grand Prix was one of the inaugural Formula One championship races in 1950 , and has been held every year since then .
They have been established at the nine main operating bases ; RAF Coningsby , RAF Cottesmore , RAF Kinloss , RAF Leeming , RAF Leuchars , RAF Lossiemouth , RAF Lyneham , RAF Marham and RAF Waddington numbered Nos 121 , 122 , 325 , 135 , 125 , 140 , 38 , 138 and 34 EAWs respectively .
Garber is a city in Garfield County , Oklahoma , United States .
Barrow is the largest city of the North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Hung is a comedy series from HBO , created by Dmitry Lipkin and Colette Burson .
The Belgian scientist Edouard Van Beneden ( 1846 - 1910 ) had also observed them , independently .
The temple structure had been built in 150 BC to dominate the forum , and it became Pompeii 's main temple after the Roman conquest .
Death By May 1904 , Chekhov was terminally ill with tuberculosis .
Musson is a municipality of Belgium .
His first spaceflight was Gemini 10 , in which he and command pilot John Young performed two rendezvous with different spacecraft and Collins undertook two EVAs .
Conan O'Brien took over as host of Late Night .
The House of Bourbon is an important European royal house , a branch of the Capetian dynasty .
Noémie is a version used in French-speaking countries .
History In 1816 -- 17 the two districts of Siegen and Wittgenstein were created as parts of the Prussian province of Westphalia .
When only 17 years of age , Hume began exploring the country beyond Sydney with his younger brother John and an Aboriginal boy as far to the south-west as Berrima , and soon developed into a good bushman .
The Golan Heights had been under military administration since 1967 .
Dissay-sous-Courcillon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
For most superscalar designs , the instruction width is 32 bits or fewer .
He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal-winning eight-oared boats .
Lewis followed The Bellboy by directing several more films which he co-wrote with Richmond , including The Ladies Man (/O1961/O) , The Errand Boy (/O1961/O) , The Patsy (/O1964/O) and the well-known comedy hit , The Nutty Professor (/O1963/O) , which was later successfully remade as a vehicle for Eddie Murphy in 1996 and followed by a sequel in 2000 , ' both executive produced by Lewis for Universal Pictures and Image Entertainment .
In 1906 , Ohio State 's status as the state 's flagship campus was written into law by the Ohio legislature through the Eagleson Bill .
The success of Batman : The Animated Series led to the animated spin-off film Batman : Mask of the Phantasm ( 1993 ) , as well as various other animated series set in the same continuity , including The New Batman Adventures , Batman Beyond , and Justice League . As with Batman : The Animated Series , each of these productions featured Kevin Conroy as the voice of Batman .
Tegan Jovanka is a fictional character played by Janet Fielding in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
In 1905 in San Francisco , 11-year-old Frank Epperson was mixing powdered flavoring for soda and water out on the porch . He left it there , with a stirring stick still in it .
The original Dutch version was called Now or Neverland .
Even though the copyright on Tarzan of the Apes has expired in the United States of America , the name Tarzan is still protected as a trademark of Edgar Rice Burroughs , Inc. .
They were later joined by various players , including accordionist Mick Slocum , and fiddlers Tony Hunt and Dave Kidd , until 1974 when the band went full-time , and Kahanoff was replaced by lagerphone player , Dobe Newton .
The population is 54 % urban with Managua ( capital ) being the largest city , home to over a million inhabitants .
The flag was adopted on 28 September 1917 , according to the royal decree about the flag in that year .
In western astrology , the sign is now no longer aligned with the constellation as a result of the precession of the equinoxes .
The weapon was used in Vietnam through the Vietnam War .
Variations in the Sun 's magnetic field are carried outward by the solar wind and can produce magnetic storms in the Earth 's own magnetosphere .
This area is sometimes known as the Dublin Region .
The album reached number 1 in the UK charts .
Sometime between 1431 and 1442 the village was granted city rights based on the Magdeburg Law .
Dream recall is the ability to remember dreams .
An infection by a herpes simplex virus is marked by watery blisters in the skin or mucous membranes of the mouth , lips or genitals .
Founded in 1880 on the Missouri River opposite Fort Pierre , Pierre has been South Dakota 's capital since it gained statehood on November 11 , 1889 , having been chosen for its location in the geographic center of the state .
The most influential account of the Ascension , and according to the two-source hypothesis the earliest , The account in Acts was originally in Luke-Acts .
It was named in honour of Saint Thomas by Portuguese explorers who happened to arrive at the island on his feast day .
The number of participants is however limited and a ticket must be reserved months in advance .
Thus , higher hormone concentration alone can not trigger the negative feedback mechanism . Negative feedback must be triggered by overproduction of an '' effect '' of the hormone .
The great glass and wrought-iron dome roofing the hall is 41 m ( 135 ft ) high .
Wormwood refuses , and in retaliation takes control of the majority of the human race .
Some computer networking authors prefer less ambiguous terms such as bit rate , channel capacity and throughput rather than bandwidth in bit\/s , to avoid this confusion .
Max Weber , 1864 -- 1920 at the New School for Social Research His most valued contributions to the field of economics is his famous work , The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism .
However , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called Acarology .
Examples of dishes developed outside of Italy from the early parmigianas include veal ( Veal Parmigiana ) or chicken breast ( Chicken Parmigiana ) dipped in a mixture of beaten eggs , breaded , shallow-fried and topped with a marinara sauce ( red Sicilian tomato sauce ) and mozzarella .
The blue poison dart frog ( Dendrobates azureus ) was chosen as the logo and named by co-creator Tyler Pitchford .
Aguascalientes ( ) is a state of Mexico , situated in the center of the country .
Saint-Contest is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle and a majority of the Cherokee Outlet , stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35 , and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County .
Its southern terminus is near Slidell , Louisiana , a suburb of New Orleans , at an intersection with Interstate 10 and Interstate 12 ) , its northern terminus is at Wildwood , Georgia , at an intersection with Interstate 24 .
In 1985 , Paige released '' I Know Him So Well '' , a duet from Chess , singing with Barbara Dickson .
Her appearances in mythology are sparse , but reveal her as a figure of exceptional power and beauty .
A yard is an open space around a house , school or other building .
Bourguignons is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
With his FBI partner Dana Scully , he works in the X-Files office , which is concerned with cases with particularly mysterious or possibly paranormal circumstances that were left unsolved and shelved by the FBI .
The match that followed was the Triple Threat match between Kurt Angle , Rey Mysterio and Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship .
One other Florida county also has a community named Live Oak , which is located in Washington County .
Within hours the Austrian Nazis managed to take control of many parts of Vienna , including the ministry of internal Affairs ( controlling the police ) .
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull , the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second ( see frame rate ) and Knowles sang twice as quickly , but it was n't until 4:00 am that they completed work .
However , the Lachlan , unlike the Murrumbidgee River and the Murray River further south , does not have its source in the snowfields and does not enjoy the large and reliable spring flow from the melting snow from which those rivers benefit .
The marches of Artsakh and Utik were attached to the Kingdom of Armenia in Antiquity but in the early medieval period were often under Georgian and Albanian control under Sassanid or Arab suzerainty .
Females are attracted to lights , but males are not .
From December 7 , 1989 , to January 6 , 1990 , and from November 5 , 1990 , to February 14 , 1991 , the mountain erupted with sometimes huge clouds of ash .
She best known for being the presenter of the TV shows Blue Peter , Most Haunted and Ghosthunting with ...
Wetherby is a market town within the metropolitan borough of the City of Leeds , in West Yorkshire , England .
It is also spoken in the linguistic enclave of Guardia Piemontese ( Calabria , Italy ) .
After a chaotic short revival of the Commonwealth of England , the monarchy was restored in May 1660 , largely through the initiative of General George Monck .
These included long hair for males , jeans , silver metal ornaments , black leather coats , and carefree , hippie-style behaviour .
She also became famous for singing '' Easy Living , '' '' Good Morning Heartache , '' and '' Strange Fruit '' , a protest song which became one of her standards and was made famous with her 1939 recording .
In 2007 , Gerhard Ertl won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for determining the detailed molecular mechanisms of the catalytic oxidation of carbon monoxide over platinum ( catalytic converter ) .
He has served as music director of the La Scala opera house in Milan , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , music director of the Vienna State Opera , and principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra from 1989 to 2002 , when he retired from the position for health reasons .
Osoyoos ( officially , but also historically ) is a town in the southern part of the Okanagan Valley in British Columbia near the border with Washington state .
More recently he has focused on producing and promoting world music and pioneering digital distribution methods for music .
The two most popular such environments GNOME and KDE , both of which are mature , and support a wide variety of languages .
It is perhaps best known through its service organizations , St. John Ambulance and St. John Eye Hospital Group , the memberships and work of which are not limited to any denomination or religion .
San Lorenzo de Almagro is a football club based in the barrio ( neighbourhood ) of Boedo , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The tropics include all the areas on the Earth where the Sun reaches a point directly overhead at least once during the solar year .
is a type of thick wheat-flour noodle popular in Japanese cuisine .
Origin The idea of a worldwide party appeared as a work of fiction in Flight , A Quantum Fiction Novel , by American writer Vanna Bonta .
To make his living , Demosthenes became a professional litigant and logographer , writing speeches for use in private legal suits .
It is essential in engines with long crankshafts ( such as straight-8 engines ) and is present on most engines as it reduces torsional vibrations that tend to peak at certain speeds .
This right of ` Lord Proprietor ' was revested into the Crown by the Isle of Man Purchase Act 1765 and hence ceased to exist separately .
The major Indic alphabets today order their consonants according to classification .
On January 20 , 2006 , the Justice and Equality Movement declared a merger with the Sudan Liberation Movement , along with other rebel groups , to form the Alliance of Revolutionary Forces of West Sudan ; however , the JEM and SLM negotiated as separate groups with peace talks with the government in May 2006 .
The most exploited zinc ore is sphalerite , a zinc sulfide .
The NHL 's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion .
They are relatively rare , being produced by very few manufacturers .
Opposed by Cyril of Alexandria , Nestorius was condemned at the First Council of Ephesus in 431 .
In that case , it is used as a catalyst to speed up a chemical reaction .
Unfortunately , the last part , Charya Khanda or section on conduct , has been lost and some believe destroyed .
In 1932 , when de Valera , having won that year 's general election , was appointed President of the Executive Council ( prime minister of the Irish Free State ) he made O'Kelly his Minister for Local Government .
May 24 & ndash ; Ambroise de Loré , Baron of Ivry ( b. 1396 )
The 1998 -- 99 season for Manchester United was the most successful season in English club football history as they became the only English team to win The Treble -- winning the Premier League , FA Cup and UEFA Champions League in the same season .
Based in the sectors of aviation , energy , transportation equipment , food processing , electronics , and telecommunications , Oklahoma is an important producer of natural gas , aircraft , and food .
He is considered one of the most important composers of the 20th century and is regarded , along with Liszt , as Hungary 's greatest composer ( Gillies 2001 ) .
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
For a 30-minute movie , there would be approximately 21,600 stops to change the figures for the frames .
Senlecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It bears a mass of slender , leafless branches , the small caducous leaves being found only on young shoots .
Upon his return to Germany , Reuter joined the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) and was named the First Secretary of its Berlin section .
Note that Pan is now the name of a satellite of Saturn .
Role in The Simpsons Willie is the groundskeeper at Springfield Elementary School and is a stereotypical angry Scotsman .
XY sex determination is found in other organisms , including the common fruit fly and some plants .
The foundation is decorated with four bronze reliefs showing the three wars and the victorious marching of the troops into Berlin .
She played her second Queen of England when she was cast as Anne Boleyn in the ITV1 mini-series Henry VIII , her role was however restricted as she was pregnant with her first child at the time of filming .
Bassist Gordon Moakes joined after answering an advert in NME , and drummer Matt Tong joined after an audition .
also designated , is the outermost major moon of the planet Uranus .
Cormelles-le-Royal is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Keith Haring ( May 4 , 1958 - February 16 , 1990 ) was an artist and social activist whose work responded to the New York City street culture of the 1980s .
The name comes from the Greek hapsis , touch , and nema , thread .
Lymington New Forest Hospital opened in 2007 , replacing the earlier Lymington Hospital .
In 2009 , however , the population was estimated to have increased to 14,072 .
Although on the route of the current Piccadilly line a short distance north of the present Park Royal station , it was never served by Piccadilly line trains .
During these years the original Northern League franchises made up the Northern League Central and the Northeast League teams became the Northern League East .
Round and the Final Jeopardy !
The prevalence of low-floor buses across London has reduced somewhat the number of Mobility Bus services .
Area from 1976 municipal re-distribution .
Giraffatitan , meaning '' giraffe titan '' , is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived during the late Jurassic Period ( Kimmeridgian-Tithonian stages ) .
The restoration of Santa Maria in Cosmedin begins .
Jacques Anquetil ( 8 January 1934 -- 18 November 1987 ) was a French road racing cyclist and the first cyclist to win the Tour de France five times , in 1957 and from 1961 to 1964 .
A plane or a bird takes flight .
The oldest known document in Maltese is '' Il Cantilena '' ( Maltese : Xidew il-Qada ) a poem from the 15th century , written by Pietro Caxaro and the first known Maltese dictionary was written by the French Knight Francois de Vion Thezan Court in 1640 .
He also established a smuggling operation to supply citizens with forbidden items from the surface , such as religious material .
An electoral ward named Crystal Palace and Crystal Palace Park are entirely contained within the London Borough of Bromley .
Nader said that John Kerry wanted to work to win Nader 's support and the support of Nader 's voters .
'' The Negro Artist and the Racial Mountain '' The younger Negro artists who create now intend to express our individual dark-skinned selves without fear or shame .
Produced by Dave Jerden , the album was released on February 4 , 1997 through Columbia Records ( their former label Epitaph released it in Europe ) .
Melbourne is the home of the University of Melbourne , as well as of Monash University , the largest university in Australia . Melbourne University is the second-oldest university in Australia and the oldest university in Victoria .
Ambrose and Augustine were among the first Church fathers to marry Christian sensibilities to Greek philosophy .
They consist of cap screws or studs that capture and join other parts , and are secured with the mating of screw threads .
is a retired Japanese footballer .
Bates College is a private liberal arts college located in Lewiston , Maine , in the United States .
The word '' quetzal '' was originally used for just the Resplendent Quetzal , Pharomachrus mocinno , the famous long-tailed quetzal of Central America , which is the national bird and also the name of the currency of Guatemala .
He was further profoundly influenced by Peter Ewart 's 1813 paper On the measure of moving force .
It is famous for its wines of Riesling , see Ruwer ( region ) , and previous to August 1 , 2007 the Mosel region used to be known as Mosel-Saar-Ruwer .
Its county seat is Laramie , the home of the University of Wyoming .
In United States customary units there are the liquid ( 3.79 L ) and the lesser used dry ( 4.4 L ) gallons .
Light from the star is analyzed by splitting it up by a diffraction grating , subdividing the incoming photons into a spectrum exhibiting a rainbow of colors interspersed by absorption lines , each line indicating a certain ion of a certain chemical element .
The modern district of Bannu was originally a tehsil of the old Bannu district of British India , in the Derajat Division of the North-West Frontier Province .
Mullah Mohammed Omar ( ; born c. 1959 ) , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In DNA , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .
In 2005 endangered tiger cubs were born at Potter Park Zoo ; later , they were featured on NBC 's Today Show .
Other Gaelic games Other Gaelic games such as gaelic athletics have nearly or completely died out .
was the 19th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O19/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
A Gaeltacht is an area where the Irish language is widely spoken .
Absolute zero implies no movement , and therefore zero external radiation effects ( i.e. , zero local electric and magnetic fields ) .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
In the end , Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder , but Punk trapped Jericho 's one leg in the ladder 's steps and retrieved the briefcase to win the match .
Absinth ( without the final e ) is a spelling variant used by central European distillers .
Story Super Mario 64 begins with a letter from Princess Peach inviting Mario to come to her castle for a cake she has baked for him ; Princess Peach 's note : Dear Mario : Please come to the castle .
Michael Schumacher holds the record for the most Grand Prix victories , having won 91 times .
The National Hockey League ( NHL ) is a professional ice hockey league composed of 30 teams , founded in 1917 .
In September 2008 , they won in the US their first MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist .
Chaudardes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When he was five , the family moved to Chatham , Kent .
Mixed tag team match 09:11 5 The Rock ( c ) ( with Kama Mustafa , Mark Henry and D'Lo Brown ) defeated Ken Shamrock by disqualification .
On May 20 , 1873 , Strauss and Davis received United States patent for using copper rivets to strengthen the pockets of denim work pants .
Cresserons is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He is the former lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he performed and recorded from 1985 to 1996 .
Le Mesnil-Germain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Pueblo Grande de Nevada a complex of villages , located near Overton , Nevada Roanoke Colony Lost towns of Glen Canyon region of Southern Utah-Glen Canyon Dam and Lake Powell Recreation Area Created Canada L'Anse aux Meadows -- Viking settlement founded around 1000 .
Her elder siblings were Esther ( Hetty ) ( 1749 - 1832 ) and James ( 1750 - 1821 ) , the younger Susanna Elizabeth ( 1755 - 1800 ) , Charles ( 1757 - 1817 ) and Charlotte Ann ( 1761 - 1838 ) .
Disaccharides are formed when two monosaccharides are joined together and a molecule of water is removed .
Today the peninsula has a population of only about 18,000 , of which a large percentage ( ~ 60 % ) are Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders .
In her novel Gambhiri Ghara , she describes an unusual relationship between two people : a Hindu housewife of India and a Muslim artist of Pakistan .
Doctors at such clinics can often refer patients to specialists if the need arises .
Roberto Boninsegna ( born November 13 , 1943 in Mantua ) is an Italian former football player .
Metric system The metric system is a decimalized system of measurement based on the metre and the gram .
History The municipality has long been the principal town of the district .
The Schutzstaffel ( , Protection Squadron ) , abbreviated SS -- or with stylized '' Armanen '' Sig runes -- was a major Nazi organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
The release of Windows Vista came more than five years after the introduction of its predecessor , Windows XP , the longest time span between successive releases of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems .
Tangled Up was mostly praised by contemporary music critics upon its release .
The only other significant storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena , which passed just to the south of Hawaii , the first storm to directly threaten Hawaii for several years .
There is some dispute as to whether Ungulata is a cladistic ( evolution-based ) group , or merely a phenetic group or folk taxon ( similar , but not necessarily related ) , because not all ungulates appear as closely related as once believed .
To over Six Continents .
After another La Mina 's departure , Sally and Terry were at their most desperate to keep themselves in the game .
Its name is most commonly pronounced as '' Seven Oh Seven '' .
Warluzel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Originally , the vast majority of peppered moths had light colouration , which effectively camouflaged them against the light-coloured trees and lichens which they rested upon .
It was created by Seth MacFarlane , the creator of Family Guy , as well as two former Family Guy writers , Mike Barker and Matt Weitzman .
It is navigable from its junction with the Driffield Navigation at Frodingham Beck , and it continues downstream through Hempholme Lock and via the junctions with the Leven Canal , the Arram Beck and Beverley Beck .
Uranium is a silvery-white metallic chemical element in the actinide series of the periodic table with atomic number 92 . It is assigned the chemical symbol U/O. A uranium atom has 92 protons and 92 electrons , of which 6 are valence electrons .
While the National Hockey League ( NHL ) follows the general rules of ice hockey , it differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics .
Priez is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The music was written by Santos Jorge , and the lyrics by Dr. Jeronimo de la Ossa .
The first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , on the West London Line route ( Willesden to Earls Court ) , but full services over the whole network did not commence until 1922 , work having been delayed by the First World War .
Each surface can be ( bulging outwards from the lens ) , ( depressed into the lens ) , or planar ( flat ) .
position = 2 B - Group 3 , 4th
The brown bear ( Ursus arctos ) is a large bear distributed across much of northern Eurasia and North America .
FC Nuremberg ( ) is a German football club in Nuremberg , Bavaria .
Herman Melville ( August 1 , 1819 -- September 28 , 1891 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , essayist , and poet .
North Atlantic Books has released the chronologically assembled The Complete Short Stories of Theodore Sturgeon , edited by Paul Williams , since 1994 .
The term is sometimes popularly taken to mean '' knowledge meant only for certain people '' or '' knowledge that must be kept hidden '' , but for most practicing occultists it is simply the study of a deeper spiritual reality that extends beyond pure reason and the physical sciences .
In response to this experience , she later wrote her first book , Henry Huggins , which was published in 1950 .
Alternatively , you may leave a note on the talk page requesting a source , or move the material to the talk page .
The only way to compare the difficulty of two versions of a test is to conduct a separate study in which the same subjects take both versions .
Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Although the modern county of South Yorkshire was not created until 1974 , the history of its constituent settlements and parts goes back centuries .
Table number 4 , 14 , 24 , 42 , etc. are also often left out in wedding dinners or other social gatherings in these countries .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
They inhabit sand and mud beneath shallow coastal waters and can survive in relatively anoxic environments .
The Province of Pistoia ( ) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Each story had the same fixed characters : the lovers , father , servants ( one being crafty and the other stupid ) , etc. .
Other media about Edith Massey Director Robert Maier made a documentary short about her in 1975 entitled Love Letter to Edie .
Many types of '' ROM '' are not literally read only , as updates are possible ; however it is slow and memory must be erased in large portions before it can be re-written .
With the exception of Tilda Swinton , who was the first choice to play Jadis , the White Witch , casting was a long process .
The Amber-coloured Salamander ( Hynobius stejnegeri ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
The street since boundary changes in 1994 runs along the boundary between the London Borough of Camden and the City of London ; previously the boundary was less obvious in the area and crossed the street at Holborn Bar .
Motion in the Ocean is McFly 's third album and was released in the United Kingdom on November 6 , 2006 .
A mature tree may have 6,000 flowers in a year , yet only about 20 pods .
Elfman is famous for creating The Simpsons main title theme , and his role as Jack Skellington 's singing voice in The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Green County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Ontario Lacus is a lake composed of methane , ethane and propane near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Titan .
are able to protect a page to restrict editing or moving of that page , and remove such protection .
Vercelli ( Italian : Provincia di Vercelli ) is a province in the Piedmont region of Italy .
In 1913 , William Austen-Leigh and Richard Arthur Austen-Leigh , descendants of the Austen family , published the definitive family biography , Jane Austen : Her Life and Letters- A Family Record .
The Daintree Rainforest is a tropical rainforest north of Mossman , Queensland , on the coast , north of Cairns in tropical far north of Australia . At around 1200 square kilometres the Daintree is the largest continuous area of tropical rainforest on the Australian mainland .
Industrial flint mining such as that at Cissbury and Grimes Graves began , with evidence of long distance trade .
While serving aboard it , Choules witnessed the surrender of the German Imperial Navy at the Firth of Forth in 1918 , ten days after the Armistice , and also witnessed the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow .
The '' rockumentary , '' as producers Bill Drake and Gene Chenault called it , featured hundreds of interviews and comments from numerous rock artists and people involved with rock and roll .
It is the most common and widespread form of sociality .
This escarpment or scarp feature , sometimes called the Cotswold Edge , is a result of the uplifting ( tilting ) of the limestone layer , exposing its broken edge .
The portal gun can create two distinct portal ends , orange and blue .
Turnhout ( ) is a Belgian municipality located in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
As the IAHD is a non-profit foundation , all the people on the board are volunteers .
SummerSlam (/O2010/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , that took place on August 15 , 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California for the second consecutive year .
London Underground tried to close the entire line in 1980 ; instead , a reduced service was implemented , along with Blake Hall tube station being closed on Sundays .
These articles specify the types of behavior that constitute a threat to national security and China has prosecuted many dissidents including Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo using these laws .
Edmund , Lucy and their cousin Eustace enter the world of Narnia through a magic painting , and end up in the ocean .
Clumsy is the title of Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace 's second studio album , released on January 23 , 1997 by Columbia Records .
Olga loved to read and , unlike her four siblings , enjoyed school work .
It was then suddenly attacked by Germanic warriors who were carrying some light swords , large lances and spears called fremae in Germanic language that came with short and narrow blades , so sharp and warrior friendly that they could be used as required .
Michael John Clarke ( born 2 April 1981 ) is an Australian cricketer vice captain and the Twenty20 captain of the national team .
Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy written early in the career of playwright William Shakespeare about two young '' star-cross 'd lovers '' Romeo and Juliet , I. 0.6 .
Corpsing , the theatrical slang for an actor breaking character during a scene , usually by laughing
Carole Ann Ford , who played Susan Foreman , became unhappy with the lack of development for her character , and chose to leave in its second series .
Since the original pizza , several other types of pizzas have evolved .
Banda Lamba
