Articles specify the grammatical definiteness of the noun , in some languages extending to volume or numerical scope .
Navbahor Namangan is a Uzbekistani football club based in Namangan .
There was a church on the site by 1066 and work on the present structure began in the early 13th century , but little remains from that period .
Culturally , Tricky encourages an intertwining of societies , particularly in his musical fusion of rock and hip hop , high art and pop culture .
Within two years of the marriage , the Queen extended Camilla visible tokens of membership in the Royal Family ; use of a tiara of the late Queen Mother , and the badge of the Royal Family Order of Queen Elizabeth II .
Sokoto is a city located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria , near to where the Sokoto River and Rima River meet .
Playing career Peeters was drafted 135th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft after playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the WCHL .
Caroline Davies '' He lied his way to the top '' , Daily Telegraph , 20 July 2001 [ website p1 ] .
First published in the 1960s , her works explore Taoist , anarchist , ethnographic , feminist , psychological and sociological themes .
In recent years , in order to minimize labor costs in high production manufacturing , industrial welding has become increasingly more automated , most notably with the use of robots in resistance spot welding ( especially in the automotive industry ) and in arc welding .
Habemus Papam ( '' We Have a Pope '' ) is the announcement given in Latin by the senior Cardinal Deacon upon the election of a new pope .
'' A n objective account is one which attempts to capture the nature of the object studied in a way that does not depend on any features of the particular subject who studies it .
She is also the first Indonesian leader to be born after independence .
Along with Muhammad Naguib , the first president , he led the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 which overthrew the monarchy of Egypt and Sudan , and heralded a new period of modernization , and socialist reform in Egypt together with a profound advancement of pan-Arab nationalism , including a short-lived union with Syria .
Venus Rising was a 1995 film starring Jessica Alba , Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild the film was released on November 30 , 1995 .
An offshore platform , often referred to as an oil platform or an oil rig , is a l rge structure used in offshore drilling to house workers and machinery needed to drill wells in the ocean bed , extract oil or natural gas , or both , process the produced fluids , and ship or pipe them to shore .
Beveridge Post Office opened on 1 January 1865 .
Allegory is generally treated as a figure of rhetoric , but an allegory does not have to be expressed in language : it may be addressed to the eye , and is often found in realistic painting , sculpture or some other form of mimetic , or representative art .
In time , this cohort came to be known as the cohors praetoria , and various notable figures possessed one , including Julius Caesar , Mark Antony and Augustus ( Octavian ) .
Having cache and log files separate from other files .
The first athlete to do so was American gymnast George Eyser in 1904 , he had one artificial leg .
It follows a team of doctors and support staff stationed at the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital in Uijeongbu , South Korea , during the Korean War .
Iron Maiden , released on April 14 , 1980 , is the debut album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
HEADING The four goals of life
The Confederate States Army was the army of the Confederate States of America ( or '' Confederacy '' ) while the Confederacy existed during the American Civil War . On February 8 , 1861 , delegates from the seven Deep South states which had already declared their secession from the United States of America adopted the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States of America .
A disastrous fire on August 25 , 1782 destroyed most of the town , but it was immediately rebuilt .
Course The Mersey is formed from three tributaries : the River Etherow , the River Goyt , and the River Tame .
Saint-Charles-de-Percy is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
A Kilner jar is a rubber-sealed , screw-topped jar used for the storage of food , which was invented by the Kilner family and produced by John Kilner & Co , Yorkshire , England .
The future The problem of key exchange has not yet been solved .
Monarchs have various titles -- king or queen , prince or princess ( e.g. Sovereign Prince of Monaco ) , emperor or empress ( e.g. Emperor of Japan , Emperor of India ) , Shah of Iran , or duke or grand duke ( e.g. Grand Duke of Luxembourg ) .
Batman : Rise of Sin Tzu is a beat 'em up video game released for the PlayStation 2 , Nintendo GameCube , and Xbox consoles .
Well-known for her right-wing political opinions and the controversial ways in which she defends them , Coulter has described herself as a polemicist who likes to '' stir up the pot '' and , unlike '' broadcasters , '' does not '' pretend to be impartial or balanced . ''
Constant voltage power supplies hold the voltage constant and vary the current , and as a result , are most often used for automated welding processes such as gas metal arc welding , flux cored arc welding , and submerged arc welding .
The designation Upper Egypt is most frequently used as a division for Ancient Egypt .
Budhial village is located about 25 kilometres from Talagang .
It is the second largest Wikipedia , after the English Wikipedia , Wikimedia list of Wikipedias and their statistics .
He started his career in the Italian Serie C with the club of Pisa .
Other organizations in New York with '' Upstate '' in their name include the Upstate Collegiate Athletic Association , the Upstate Correctional Facility , the Upstate New York Club Hockey League , the Upstate New York Synod , and the Upstate Citizens for Equality .
Some organizations have stated that Polish emigration is primarily due to Poland 's high unemployment rate ( 10.5 % in 2007 ) , with Poles searching for better work opportunities abroad .
He has been part of the Dutch national football team since 2005 and has represented his country at all youth team levels .
A monarchy for most of its history , the Ethiopian dynasty traces its roots to the 2nd century BC .
Kellner was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner , a baker and confectioner from the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia , and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bietigheim-Bissingen near Ludwigsburg .
Music video The music video of '' Crazy in Love '' , released in May 2003 , was filmed by English director Jake Nava .
Billabong is an Australian English word meaning a small lake , specifically an oxbow lake , a section of still water adjacent to a river , cut off by a change in the watercourse .
After years of circulation drops , in late March 2007 , Bronstein called an emergency staff meeting and reportedly stated that the news business '' is broken , and no one knows how to fix it . ''
Although the Slavic languages split from a common proto-language later than any other group of the Indo-European language family , enough differences exist between the various Slavic dialects and languages to make communication between speakers of different Slavic languages difficult .
They have many uses including in call centers and other telephone-intensive jobs and for personal use at the computer to facilitate comfortable simultaneous conversation and typing .
Apart from the trio sonata , which is written for flute , violin and basso continuo , the pieces have few indications of which instruments are meant to play them .
Worn by women Upper body Brassiere Bra Usually consists of two cups for the breasts , a centre panel ( gore ) , a band running around the torso under the bust , and a shoulder strap for each side .
It has a population of 450,000 and an area of .
Cours-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The earliest expressions of the basic concepts were by R.A. Fisher in 1930 , J. B. S. Haldane in 1955 , but it was W. D. Hamilton who truly formalized the concept , in works published in 1963 and- most importantly- in 1964 .
Administrator rights are granted by the community to users requesting them .
Canon is a manufacturer of business and consumer imaging products which includes printers , scanners , binoculars , compact digital cameras , film and digital SLR cameras , lenses and video camcorders .
The nature of the equipping they require depends on the encryption technique they might use .
Reichstag fire in 1933 , which provided a pretext for the Nazis to increase their power
A. afarensis was slenderly built , like the younger Australopithecus africanus .
They had seven children , four of whom survived to adulthood .
Laroque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Mercury is the innermost and smallest planet in the Solar System , Pluto was once considered the smallest , but , as of 2008 , it is classified as a dwarf planet .
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics , based on an aggregate score of 72 % from Metacritic .
Failing human intervention , and assuming that a population of about 1000 can survive that long , natural tree hollows will begin to develop in the Black Friday regrowth as the trees reach about 150 years of age in the second half of the 21st century , and numbers begin to climb again .
Skates are cartilaginous fish belonging to the family Rajidae in the superorder Batoidea of rays .
Curt Stern ( August 30 , 1902 & ndash ; October 23 , 1981 ) was a German-born American geneticist .
John Stig Claesson ( June 2 , 1928 -- January 4 , 2008 ) , also known under his signature Slas , was a Swedish writer , visual artist , and illustrator .
In mythology , Aquila was owned by the Roman god Jupiter and performed many tasks for him .
The island of Ireland lies only 30 kilometres ( 20 mi ) from the southwestern peninsula of Kintyre ; Norway is 305 kilometres ( 190 mi ) to the east and the Faroes , 270 kilometres ( 168 mi ) to the north .
The albedo of an object is a measure of how strongly it reflects light from light sources such as the Sun .
His son , Zheng Jing , succeeded him as the ruler of Taiwan , with the inherited title of Prince of Yanping .
Osaka Loop Line
The current president is David R. Hopkins .
Disorders in the immune system can result in disease , including autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer .
Mennevret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was released in 2004 and debuted at number one in the UK albums chart , breaking the world record for the youngest ever band with a # 1 album , a record previously held by The Beatles .
The Victory Column is a major tourist attraction to the city of Berlin and opens daily : 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 6:30 p.m. ( April & ndash ; October ) , and 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 5:30 p.m. ( November & ndash ; March ) .
Meguro is one of the 23 special wards of Tokyo , Japan . It calls itself Meguro District in English .
The therapist struggles to solve their problems but eventually gives up and refunds their payment .
Also , when Sesame Workshop 's classic shows ( such as The Electric Company ) aired on Noggin , they had to be edited for running time .
His distinctive beard and impassioned sales pitches made him a recognized television presence in the United States and Canada .
University of Oklahoma & ndash ; Norman , Oklahoma
Dow denied those rumors , claiming the small windows were designed to be energy efficient .
It was the last time that solid gold medals were awarded ; modern medals are usually gold plated silver .
In March 1675 , he was again imprisoned for preaching ( as Charles II withdrew the Declaration of Religious Indulgence ) , this time in the Bedford town jail on the stone bridge over the Ouse .
Tiridates II of Parthia , ruled c. 30 -- 26 BC
The RAF loses nine aircraft and 53 air crew .
The experiment has also been referred to as '' the moving-off point for the theoretical aspects of the Second Scientific Revolution '' .
Almost all modern essays are written in prose , but works in verse have been dubbed essays ( e.g. Alexander Pope 's An Essay on Criticism and An Essay on Man ) . While brevity usually defines an essay , voluminous works like John Locke 's An Essay Concerning Human Understanding and Thomas Malthus 's An Essay on the Principle of Population provide counterexamples .
His father , Paul Joseph James Martin , a Franco-Ontarian of 1/4 Irish and 3/4 French descent , served thirty-three years as a member of the Canadian House of Commons , and was a Cabinet minister in four Liberal governments .
New Super Mario Bros. is the first 2D platform game to star Mario since Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins in 1992 .
Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
Andy Mill ( 1953 -- ) , skier
With approximately more than 80 million members world wide , the Anglican Communion is the third largest Christian communion in the world , after the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Churches , though it may be eclipsed if the proposed merger of the Reformed Ecumenical Council and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches to form the World Communion of Reformed Churches is ratified , producing a communion with around 87 million members .
Because the term centigrade was also the Spanish and French language name for a unit of angular measurement ( 1\/10 ,000 of a right angle ) and had a similar connotation in other languages , the term centesimal degree was used when very precise , unambiguous language was required by international standards bodies such as the Bureau international des poids et mesures ( BIPM ) .
In Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins , which takes place immediately after the original Super Mario Land , Wario has put an evil spell over Mario Land while Mario was away in Sarasaland , renaming the area Wario Land .
In 1952 , China government regrouped the country 's higher education institutions in an attempt to build a Soviet style system , with individual institutions tending to specialise in a certain field of study .
The population of the city currently stands at over 3.4 million .
Burish has a younger sister , Nikki Burish , who also played for the University of Wisconsin Burish is of Greek descent .
Sir Robert Gordon Menzies , KT , AK , CH , FAA , FRS , QC ( 20 December 1894 -- 15 May 1978 ) , Australian politician , was the 12th and longest-serving Prime Minister of Australia .
Jochum is best known for his interpretations of Anton Bruckner .
This release was named after Electrical Audio , the studio founded by sound engineer Steve Albini in Chicago , USA .
When the metric system was introduced in France in 1795 , it included units for length , area , dry volume , liquid capacity , weight or mass , and even currency , but not for time .
Pillow fight n/a 7 Triple H ( c ) ( with Ric Flair ) defeated Booker T. Singles match for the World Heavyweight Championship 18:47 8 Hulk Hogan defeated Vince McMahon .
De Valera and the other anti-Treaty TDs sided with the anti-Treaty IRA .
In Rome , Heracles was honored as Hercules , and had a number of distinctively Roman myths and practices associated with him under that name .
Originally , he had to rescue his girlfriend Pauline in Donkey Kong from Donkey Kong .
It has a tall spire which is one of the main features of the town .
The book argues that if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels continue to increase at current rates , the resulting climate change will cause mass species extinctions .
Laon is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She also held the titles of Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duchess in Saxony from birth , as well as a Princess of Teck by marriage , until 1917 when she was commanded to relinquish them by the Letters Patent of George V/PERSON. She was godmother to Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , who was the granddaughter of her first cousin , Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands .
The song was recorded on March 25 , 1963 , and became the biggest hit of Johnny Cash 's career , staying at number one on the charts for seven weeks .
Patch was born in the village of Combe Down , near Bath , Somerset , England .
These include an undemarcated border with Sudan , a war with Yemen over the Hanish Islands in 1996 , and a recent border conflict with Ethiopia .
The region currently known as '' Kosovo '' became an administrative region in 1946 , as the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija . In 1974 , the compositional '' Kosovo and Metohija '' was reduced to simple '' Kosovo '' in the name of the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo , but in 1990 was renamed back to Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija .
Ecoregions cover relatively large areas of land or water , and contain characteristic , geographically distinct assemblages of natural communities and species .
The names of all four satellites of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John in 1852 , at the request of William Lassell , who had discovered the other two moons , Ariel and Umbriel , the year before .
In the evening some 2000 ladies and gentlemen attended a concert given by the Band of the Coldstream Guards , which included vocal music , piano and organ solos .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
Buffon 's Theory of the Earth interested him , and in 1753 he successfully competed for a prize by writing an essay on the ancient connection between England and France .
Later career After World War II Ellis held several posts which were not related to nuclear weapons .
Verapamil , a calcium-channel blocker , is useful in the treatment of hypomania and in those cases where lithium and mood stabilizers are contraindicated or ineffective .
In his final year with the Warriors in 2005 -- 06 , he was named team captain and led Moose Jaw with a team-high 49 goals and 53 assists .
The Birmingham to Peterborough Line is a cross-country railway line in the United Kingdom , linking the Midlands to East Anglia .
Hatta , a minor exclave of the emirate , is surrounded on three sides by Oman and by the emirates of Ajman ( in the west ) and Ras Al Khaimah ( in the north ) . The Persian Gulf borders the western coast of the emirate .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard et al in 2000 , and given the temporary designation ' .
Stud females are generally used to breed further stud animals , but stud males may be used in crossbreeding programs .
In the year 45 BC , a few kilometres further west , the settlement Augusta Raurica was founded , the first Roman town in Switzerland , near modern Kaiseraugst .
The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns with a cosmopolitan distribution .
This provided him with a small annuity .
Chris Brown , born in small-town Tappahannock , Virginia , started as a rapper .
Martigny is located at a crossroad between Italy , France and Switzerland , one road linking this town over the Great St. Bernard Pass to Aosta ( Italy ) , and the other one , over the col de la Forclaz to Chamonix ( France ) .
On 8 December 2008 , he earned another such accolade when he was given the Freedom of the City of Durham .
The Romans destroyed Jerusalem and its Second Temple on August 4th 70 CE , ending the Great Jewish Revolt that began in 66 CE .
Cohen later joked , upon receiving a British comedy award , that Borat was a guest of honor at the International Conference to Review the Global Vision of the Holocaust in Tehran .
Since then art followers have labored to reintroduce the artist to Russian lovers of painting .
Of course , the only goal that is truly infinite , whose attainment results in absolute happiness , is moksha , or liberation , ( a.k.a. Mukti , Samadhi , Nirvana , etc. ) from Samsara , the cycle of life , death , and existential duality .
The World Tag Team Championship was the original professional wrestling world tag team championship contested for in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
height =
Although South Africa has made three appearances in the World Cup , they have not made it past the first round .
The Mayor of London is an elected politician who , along with the London Assembly of 25 members , is accountable for the strategic government of Greater London ( see Greater London Authority ) .
Of all the songs in the album , '' The Number of the Beast '' , '' Run to the Hills '' and '' Hallowed Be Thy Name '' remain on the set lists of nearly all of the band 's concert tours , with the latter two often used to close a show .
Minnesota Thunder is an American professional soccer team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States .
With the publication of Guardian Angel by Dorchester Publishers in January 2010 , Neiderman has , between his V. C. Andrews novels and those under his name , reached 100 published novels .
It merged with a cold front on the September 25 .
According to Mozilla , Firefox had more than 300 million users , and as of August 2009 the company claims that Firefox has been downloaded 1 billion times .
Following Germany 's surrender and the end of the war , the governments of East Berlin and West Berlin restored it in a joint effort .
Megalibgwilia ramsayi was a large , long-beaked echidna with powerful forelimbs for digging .
The Island of Hawaii is administered as the County of Hawaii within the state of Hawaii .
A traditional east London food is jellied eels , although their demand has significantly declined since World War II .
Weelkes was friends with the madrigalist Thomas Morley who died in 1602 , when Weelkes was in his mid-twenties ( Weelkes commemorated his death in a madrigal-form anthem titled A Remembrance of my Friend Thomas Morley , also known as '' Death hath Deprived Me '' ) .
The film inspired a revival of interest in the genre including Urban Legend , Idle Hands , I Know What You Did Last Summer , and I Still Know What You Did Last Summer .
Largny-sur-Automne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Some authorities consider geomyoids myomorphs based on this feature . This suggests they may be related to mice , jerboas , and perhaps dormice .
The Black Pearl is a young adult novel by Scott O'Dell first published in 1967 about the coming of age of the son of a pearl dealer living in the Lower California peninsula .
Sound can travel through solids , liquids and gases , but it can not travel through a vacuum .
This article is about the composer ; for the Italian town see Gesualdo ( town ) .
This may be due to the ability to damage the genome or to the disruption of cellular metabolic processes .
The name , given in August 2003 , is after Tarvos , a deity depicted as a bull god carrying three cranes alongside its back from Gaulish mythology .
During his summers , he returned to Chicago , where he worked as a summer associate at the law firms of Sidley & Austin in 1989 and Hopkins & Sutter in 1990 .
Athe ( ) is a Belgian municipality located in the Walloon province of Hainaut .
The Sea of Japan is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , bordered by Japan , South Korea , North Korea and Russia .
Tim Berners-Lee was born in London , England , on 8 June 1955 , the son of Conway Berners-Lee and Mary Lee Woods .
A Diamond Jubilee is a celebration held to mark a 60th anniversary in the case of a person ( e.g. wedding anniversary , length of time a monarch has reigned as King or Queen , etc. ) or a 75th anniversary in the case of an event .
Asclepias amplexicaulis at Connecticut Botanical Society It contains a poison dangerous to humans and livestock , special care must be taken when using this plant .
Taichung County was a county in central Taiwan , the Republic of China , that surrounded but did not include Taichung City .
Louailles is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Today , as with the saxophone mouthpiece , the reed is placed against the surface ( the table ) closest to the player 's bottom lip .
On October 3 , 2002 , PayPal became a wholly owned subsidiary of eBay .
Given that concern , Wesleyan ceased to admit women , and from 1912 to 1970 Wesleyan operated again as an all-male college .
The creation of Israel , a Jewish state in the Middle East , by the British Mandate of Palestine fueled many regional conflicts .
The cloister , which encloses the Well of the Geese ( Font de les Oques ) was completed about 1450 .
In computer security , mandatory access control ( MAC ) refers to a type of access control by which the operating system constrains the ability of a subject or initiator to access or generally perform some sort of operation on an object or target .
Robuchon , 17
In the 2008 election she was re-elected as the female councillor .
For many years Louis believed erectus was the user of the tools and Australopithecus was not , ( It is now conceded that both Hominids used them ) .
There is no evidence that the Macassans spent time on the coast of Kakadu but there is evidence of some contact between Macassan culture and Aboriginal people of the Kakadu area .
Television In 2007 , the IFL made a television deal with Fox Sports Net and MyNetworkTV .
Tahiti is the largest island in the Windward group of French Polynesia , located in the archipelago of Society Islands in the southern Pacific Ocean .
The production at Rome of his opera Gli Equivoci nell sembiante ( 1679 ) gained him the support of Queen Christina of Sweden ( who at the time was living in Rome ) , and he became her Maestro di Cappella .
Stratovarius are a Finnish power metal band that formed in 1984 .
Moodabidri ( also called Mudbidri , Moodbiri and Bedra ) , is a small town 37 km northeast of the Dakshina Kannada district headquarters , Mangalore , in Karnataka , India .
The film 's approximate reel length was 4,000 feet ( 1,200 m ) .
It was at this stage that he also began to develop his moral voice , and in 1475 his poem De Ruina Ecclesiae ( On the Downfall of the Church ) displayed his contempt of the Roman Curia by terming it ' a false , proud whore ' .
Sounders FC home matches are played at Qwest Field .
The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the banks of the river Seine ( ) ; the Assembly also uses other neighbouring buildings , including the Immeuble Chaban-Delmas on the rue de l'Université ( ) .
The Official Clive Barker Resource-Revelations-Barker on Spirituality
The definition of organic matter varies upon the subject for which it is being used .
Zinc phosphate ( Zn3 ( PO4 ) 2 ) is an inorganic chemical compound used as a corrosion resistant coating on metal surfaces either as part of an electroplating process or applied as a primer pigment ( see also red lead ) .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
Since formal languages alone do not have semantics , other formal constructs are needed for the formal specification of program semantics .
Monte Carlo is widely known for its casino and its prominence .
Anesthesia , or anaesthesia ( see spelling differences ; from Greek , an - , '' without '' ; and , aisth sis , '' sensation '' ) , has traditionally meant the condition of having ( including the feeling of pain ) blocked or temporarily taken away .
The event , scheduled to take place on January 24 , 2007 , was subsequently changed to a 12 hour session days before it was supposed to occur .
Vernon Chatman ( born circa 1972 ) is a television producer , writer , voice actor , stand-up comedian , musician and a member of PFFR , an art collective based in Brooklyn , NYC .
The Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Albania ( ) is one of the newest autocephalous Eastern Orthodox churches .
Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin ( January 29 , 1761 - August 12 , 1849 ) was a Swiss-American ethnologist , linguist , politician , diplomat , congressman , and the longest-serving United States Secretary of the Treasury .
This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s , when , under the management of Alex Ferguson , they won three league titles , four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup , alongside the European Cup Winners ' Cup and the European Super Cup , both in 1983 .
Because of its small size , Marco caused minimal damage .
On the 15 November 2003 a Sprinter train traveling to Ballarat was derailed between Ballan and Gordon injuring 61 people when it hit a stationary car on a country railway crossing .
Geography One of many small villages in Artois , Créquy gives it name to the small stream , the Créquoise , that rises in the nearby hills and is one of the waterways of the ` Seven Valleys ' tourist area .
The building , located between Nassau Street and William Street in Manhattan , New York City , was completed in 1930 after only 11 months of construction .
He is best remembered as Sheriff Lobo in the 1970s TV series B. J. and the Bear , and later The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo , a spin-off series , with Ben Cooper appearing as Waverly .
Respect is a left wing political party in England and Wales founded in 2004 .
The thesis , which was written under the supervision of Albert W. Tucker , contained the definition and properties of what would later be called the '' Nash equilibrium '' .
Very dark brown to black hornblendes that contain titanium are ordinarily called basaltic hornblende , from the fact that they are usually a constituent of basalt and related rocks .
They continued to battle over the title to a stalemate in a Last Man Standing match at Backlash and a Steel Cage Match on the May 11 episode of SmackDown !
The novel was Edgeworth 's second published , and was considered controversial in its day for its depiction of an interracial marriage .
It contains over 600 species found naturally throughout Eurasia , Africa , and Australia .
Although it is commonly believed that sebum acts to protect and waterproof hair and skin , scientists have contended that '' low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
Lactic acid is a carboxylic acid , whose chemical formula C3H6O3 has its hydroxyl group adjacent to the carboxyl group , making it an alpha hydroxy acid ( AHA ) .
At the end of each season , members of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association vote to determine the player who was the best defenseman during the regular season .
The city became a part of the newly created District of Gera ( Bezirk Gera ) in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
The JavaScript virtual machine used by Chrome , the V8 JavaScript engine , has features such as dynamic code generation , hidden class transitions , and precise garbage collection .
Badnaams cast included Allaudin , Nabeela , Neelo , Ejaz , Diljeet Mirza , Hamid Wain and Rangela .
The old court resided in Kyoto , continuing to hold the land over which it had jurisdiction , while newly organized military families were attracted to Kamakura .
The Weber -- Fechner law attempts to describe the relationship between the physical magnitudes of stimuli and the perceived intensity of the stimuli .
Mikhail Gorbachev becomes General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party and de facto leader of the Soviet Union .
Paul Revere incorporated bees , a beehive , and the sun into his design of the school 's seal .
It was named in honor of Albert Einstein .
Chicoutimi had a population of 59,764 in the Canada 2001 Census , the last census in which Chicoutimi was counted as a separate city .
The cucumber ( Cucumis sativus ) is a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family Cucurbitaceae , which includes squash , and in the same genus as the muskmelon .
The 1916 Summer Olympics , to be held in Berlin , capital of the German Empire , were canceled due to the war .
In an outpouring of mid-century revisionist views , scholars approached Austen more sceptically .
In 1998 , Chopra was awarded the satirical Ig Nobel Prize in physics for '' his unique interpretation of quantum physics as it applies to life , liberty , and the pursuit of economic happiness '' .
The Suzuki method was first developed in Japan .
After pollination , the fruit develops into a legume long , containing 1 to 4 seeds , which forces its way underground to mature .
Modern returning boomerangs can be of various shapes or sizes as can be seen in the diagram of modern Boomerangs to the right of page .
Pablo Maxiliano Miguel Coronel Vidoz , also known as Pablito Ruiz and , later , Pablo Ruiz , born on September 4 , 1975 in Buenos Aires , Argentina . Besides being a singer , he is an actor and dancer .
He has been described as the most influential such scholar during the Tokugawa period .
The airline became headed by Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum , the airline 's present chairman . In the years following its founding , the airline expanded both its fleet and its destinations .
Once Leslie 's parents finish writing their book , she and Jesse help paint their house .
East Pakistan was created from Bengal Province based on the ` Mountbatten Plan ' in what was then British India in 1947 . Eastern Bengal was given to the Dominion of Pakistan and became a province of Pakistan by the name East Bengal .
The suffix - ol appears in the IUPAC chemical name of all substances where the hydroxyl group is the functional group with the highest priority ; in substances where a higher priority group is present the prefix hydroxy - will appear in the IUPAC name .
Typically , a cryptosystem consists of three algorithms : one for key generation , one for encryption , and one for decryption .
This area consists of Marin County and extends northward into Sonoma County and Napa County and eastward into Solano County .
ISBN 0-684-18275-0 the Council was the first occasion where the technical aspects of Christology were discussed .
In addition to being a four-time world champion , Reso has won the World Tag Team Championship nine times , WWF\/E Intercontinental Championship three times , the WWF European Championship one time , WWF Hardcore Championship one time , and the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship one time .
The flesh is juicy and is divided into a clear jelly-like seed pulp and a firmer , slightly gritty , opaque flesh nearer the skin .
Geo , the composer for the J-pop group Sweetbox Geo Bogza , a Romanian poet and essayist .
Bluetooth is an open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances ( using short wavelength radio transmissions ) from fixed and mobile devices , creating personal area networks ( PANs ) with high levels of security .
The Ateneo de Manila University ( also called '' Ateneo de Manila '' or simply '' Ateneo '' ) is a private university run by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines .
Its eastern border is shared with Durham Region , to the west is Peel Region , and Simcoe County is to the northwest .
Flood External links Nieuw Land Poldermuseum -- A Flevoland museum on the Zuiderzee Works and Dutch water management in general .
Bear often addresses major questions in contemporary science and culture with fictional solutions .
Kennel cough or tracheobronchitis is a highly contagious canine illness characterized by inflammation of the upper respiratory system .
Trygve Halvdan Lie ( ; 16 July , 1896 30 December , 1968 ) was a Norwegian politician .
Nargis is the deadliest named cyclone in the North Indian Ocean Basin , as well as the second deadliest named cyclone of all time , behind Typhoon Nina of 1975 .
The sculpture was commissioned by the Redruth Public Realm Working Party 's Mining Art Group in response to comments received during the consultation process , that the town did not have anything to represent the history of the men who worked down the tin and copper mines in the area .
It is also a traditional food in Chile , known as an '' erizo de mar '' .
Theodor Fontane ( ; 30 December 1819 -- 20 September 1898 ) was a German novelist and poet , regarded by many to be the most important 19th-century German-language realist writer .
The construction of what was to become the Southern Railway began in 1838 with the opening of the London and Southampton Railway , which was renamed the London & South Western Railway .
Peripheral proteins are proteins that are bounded to the membrane by electrostatic interactions and hydrogen bonding with the hydrophilic phospholipid heads . Many of these proteins can be found bounded to the surfaces of integral proteins on either the cytoplasimic side of the cell or the extracellular side of the membrane .
The ` outer parlor ' was the room where the monks or nuns could receive a visitor and conduct business with outsiders .
It therefore implies greater care than usual in the act of the performance of one 's duty , such as in testimony to the facts of the matter in a court of law .
He turned down selection to ride the 1959 Tour de France .
The city was first mentioned in 1268 .
Edward John Belfour ( born April 21 , 1965 , in Carman , Manitoba , Canada ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender and current goaltending consultant for the St. Louis Blues .
It has spent over 80 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list , and received the Platinum Award ( more than 1 million sold ) from the Evangelical Christian Publishers Association ( EPCA ) in April 2009 .
Analysis of the Romani language has shown that it is closely related to those spoken in central and northern India .
Sola is a Japanese work originally conceived by Naoki Hisaya ( main writer of Kanon ) with original character design by Naru Nanao ( designer of D.C. : Da Capo ) .
Auburn 's industrial base is built around mid-sized , high tech manufacturing and research firms .
His position as Secretary of Agriculture was never confirmed by the United States Senate .
August 21 OpenLinksW.com Idehen , Kingsley .
Additionally , Zenwalk comes with many specialized tools , designed for beginner through advanced users as it offers system configuration via both graphical and command-line operations .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito HollyHock .
As a football player , Wistert played for consecutive undefeated National Championship teams in 1932 and 1933 and was a consensus All-American in 1933 .
The season was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 24 , 2010 , alongside a complete series boxset .
Maizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Heat transfer always occurs from a higher-temperature object to a cooler temperature one as described by the second law of thermodynamics or the Clausius statement .
Bessarabia ( ; , Bessarabiya ) is a historical term for the geographic region in Eastern Europe bounded by the Dniester River on the east and the Prut River on the west .
English translation Our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
Fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks and to reduce erosion .
In 1975 , Fischer did not defend his title when he could not come to agreement with FIDE over the conditions for the match .
Despite this , sung Passion performances were common in Lutheran churches right from the start , in both Latin and German , beginning as early as Laetare Sunday ( three weeks before Easter ) and continuing through Holy Week .
Vince was the first tropical system to do so since the 1842 Spain hurricane .
Juillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The central theme was titled Young Women Plucking the Fruits of Knowledge or Science .
Coined as early as 1966 , '' Lead Zeppelin '' was The Who 's Keith Moon 's tongue-in-cheek description of the prospective '' supergroup '' that would have comprised himself , John Entwistle , Steve Marriott , Beck and Page , because he felt they would go over '' like a lead balloon '' and Entwistle added '' Or a lead Zeppelin '' .
His mother founded the first early music ensemble in Latvia , and his father is a choral conductor , cellist , and teacher .
In Belgium , Merrick was robbed by his road manager and abandoned in Brussels .
The cathedral was constructed throughout the 13th to 15th centuries , with the principal work done in the 14th century .
Matthew Joseph West ( born April 25 , 1977 ) is a Contemporary Christian musician from Nashville , Tennessee .
In January 2007 , she was a housemate in Celebrity Big Brother .
This miaphysite position , often known as '' Monophysitism '' , formed the basis for the distinction from other churches of the Coptic church of Egypt and Ethiopia and the '' Jacobite '' churches of Syria and Armenia ( see Oriental Orthodoxy ) .
Name changes From its inception to version 8.0 , Mandrake named its flagship distribution Linux-Mandrake .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
Simon Magus offers the disciples of Jesus , Peter and John payment so that anyone on whom he would place his hands would receive the power of the Holy Spirit .
External links Air France-KLM Financial page Air France-KLM Corporate Authentication & Authorization Services Air France-KLM Cargo Bluenity Air France-KLM Group Company profile from Yahoo!
Yass has an impressive and historic main street , with well-preserved 19th century verandah post pubs ( mostly converted to other uses ) .
His son , Henry A. S. Dearborn , was a congressman in 1831-1833 .
In 1808 the western part of Buncombe County became Haywood County .
The district is administratively divided into four tehsils and 42 Union Councils : Tehsils & Unions in the District of Bhakkar - Government of Pakistan
Franklin , Wisconsin can refer to several places :
Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded reached a new peak of number three on the UK Albums Chart .
Rotor ( distributor ) , a component of the ignition system of an internal combustion engine
It included most of the landmasses which make up today 's continents of the northern hemisphere , chiefly Laurentia ( the name given to the North American craton ) , Baltica , Siberia , Kazakhstania , and the North China and East China cratons .
Lithium nitrate is an inorganic compound with the formula LiNO3 .
The biological function of a flower is to mediate the union of male sperm with female ovum in order to produce seeds .
One of George Washington 's primary mounts during the Revolutionary War was a gray half-Arabian horse named '' Blueskin , '' sired by the stallion '' Ranger , '' also known as '' Lindsay 's Arabian , '' said to have been obtained from the Sultan of Morocco .
James David Graham Niven ( 1 March 1910 -- 29 July 1983 ) , known as David Niven , was a British actor and novelist , best known for his roles as Phileas Fogg in Around the World in 80 Days and Sir Charles Lytton , a.k.a. '' the Phantom , '' in The Pink Panther .
A common concept of the Pacific Northwest includes the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington , and the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Secondary sources involve generalization , analysis , synthesis , interpretation , or evaluation of the original information .
After attending multiple writers ' conventions , she began writing short stories .
A total of 69 -600 s have been delivered with no unfilled orders as of 2010 .
It was followed by two expansion packs , Zoo Tycoon : Dinosaur Digs and Zoo Tycoon : Marine Mania , which were released in 2002 , as well as a sequel , Zoo Tycoon 2 , released in 2004 .
Mossman is a town of 1700 people in Far North Queensland , Australia , on the Mossman River .
The Xcel Energy Center is a multi-purpose arena located in Saint Paul , Minnesota .
There are also related disciplines that are grouped into interdisciplinary and applied sciences , such as engineering and health science .
The anesthetic effects of ether have made it a recreational drug , although not a popular one .
Oldham Boro Football Club was established in 1964 as Oldham Dew FC , and after many years playing under the name of Oldham Town adapted its present name in 2009 .
North Brabant ( Dutch : Noord-Brabant , ) is a province of the Netherlands , located in the south of the country , bordered by Belgium in the south , the Meuse River ( Maas ) in the north , Limburg in the east and Zeeland in the west .
A Fresnel lens ( fray-NELL ) is a type of lens originally developed by French physicist Augustin-Jean Fresnel for lighthouses .
Depending on the amount of added thickener , the resulting viscosity may range between syrupy liquid and thick rubbery gel .
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) is an American symphony orchestra , based at Heinz Hall in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The 1991 Halloween Nor ' easter , also known as the No-Name Storm and the Perfect Storm , was an unusual nor ' easter which was extratropical , absorbed one hurricane , and ultimately evolved into a small hurricane within an extratropical system late in its life cycle .
Nogentel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The company was founded in 1947 by Bernard Van Hool in Koningshooikt , nearby Lier , Belgium .
The symbol of the brigade is a green olive tree with its roots on a yellow background .
He currently plays for Wigan Athletic in the Premier League .
Urbi et Orbi ( '' to the City of Rome and to the World '' ) was a standard opening of Roman proclamations . The term is now used to denote a papal address and Apostolic Blessing that is addressed to the City of Rome and to the entire world .
After over two months without tropical cyclone development , the season 's second tropical depression developed out of a tropical wave on August 11 over the extreme eastern Atlantic , near the Cape Verde Islands . The following day , the system briefly reached tropical storm status , although the storm was not operationally named at this point as it was initially thought to have remained a tropical depression .
The best evidence found for these hominin date between 600,000 and 400,000 years ago .
later on , Kagome shot a sacred arrow at a demon who was escaping with the jewel .
The derivation of a theorem is often interpreted as a proof of the truth of the resulting expression , but different deductive systems can yield other interpretations , depending on the meanings of the derivation rules .
Red Bull New York is an American professional soccer organization based in New Jersey that fields a team in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) called the New York Red Bulls .
Their 2003 studio album Missing You featured more tracks that departed from bubblegum music and emphasized their vocal skills for an image as serious artists .
Shortly thereafter , Batista was drafted to the SmackDown brand and their feud ended .
Usually the compositions include waltzes , polkas , mazurkas and marches .
A Munro top is a summit over 3,000 ft which is not regarded as a separate mountain .
Olympiastadion - Helsinki ( 1940 , 1952 )
According to him '' sau kos se ba-zaban-e-qalam baatein kiya karo aur hijr mein visaal ke maze liya karo '' ( from hundred of miles talk with the tongue of the pen and enjoy the joy of meeting even when you are separated ) His letters were very informal , some times he would just write the name of the person and start the letter .
He also taught Trevor Pinnock .
The position of most supporters of Taiwan independence is that the PRC is the government of China , that Taiwan is not part of China , and the ` Republic of China ( Taiwan ) ' is an independent , sovereign state .
In the US alone , three of the band 's albums have been awarded platinum certification , three more gold , and the band has had three releases debut in the top ten , including two number-one albums .
The text '' '' will generate a tag which looks something like the one below .
Mal Evans was sent to Abbey Road 's lavatories to collect toilet paper ( which was stamped with the words , '' PROPERTY OF EMI '' ) .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regard F. tularensis as a viable bioweapons agent , and it has been included in the biological warfare programs of the USA , USSR and Japan at various times .
Some people believe that it is possible to construct hydropower systems that divert fish and other organisms away from turbine intakes without significant damage or loss of power ; historical performance of diversion structures have been poor .
March -- Louis XIV of France passes the '' Code Noir '' , allowing the full use of slaves in the French colonies .
Valea Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Vauxbuin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Cambridge planetary science , Vol .
Although the Saudi involvement in mosques around the world can be traced back to the 1960s , it was not until later in the twentieth century that the government of Saudi Arabia became a large influence in foreign mosques .
This is why in '' The Madman '' , a passage which primarily addresses nontheists ( especially atheists ) , the problem is to retain any system of values in the absence of a divine order .
The Durango will return in late 2010 on a shared platform with the 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee .
Edgar ( 1990 ) observes that in several other cases brought before the same judge that day , guilty pleas to very similar charges resulted in sentences ranging from three weeks to three months .
The University of Bremen is the largest university in Bremen .
Piper was born in Chattanooga , Tennessee , to Bill and Ruth Piper .
Grisolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
William Henry '' Smush '' Parker ( born June 1 , 1981 ) is an American professional basketball player .
Furthermore , he defiantly ignored orders to kill captured Jewish soldiers and civilians out of hand in all theaters of his command .
The Hassan II Mosque ( ) , located in Casablanca is the largest mosque in Morocco and the fifth largest mosque in the world after the Masjid al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) of Mecca and the Al-Masjid al-Nabawi ( Prophet 's Mosque ) in Medina .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,686 people , 2,915 households , and 1,757 families residing in the city .
In 1973 , Gov. Jack Williams argued to the US Congress that energy use would increase in the evening , as refrigeration units were not used as often in the morning on standard time .
HEADING Types of bed
Young was instrumental in the creation of the post of Chief Inspector of Constabulary .
In classical logic , modus ponendo ponens ( Latin for mode that affirms by affirming ; often abbreviated to MP or modus ponens ) is a valid , simple argument form sometimes referred to as affirming the antecedent or the law of detachment .
Family : Rhineuridae - Vanzolini , 1951 -- North American worm lizards
Feminism is mainly focused on women 's issues , but because feminism seeks gender equality , some feminists argue that men 's liberation is therefore a necessary part of feminism , and that men are also harmed by sexism and gender roles .
He named it from an Arabic phrase bandar as-sal m meaning harbor of Peace .
It is the heaviest surviving land animal in Europe ; a typical wisent is about long and tall , and weighs .
Bobby Jon and Angie were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
The driver backed down , but after reaching the end of the line , summoned the military police , who took Robinson into custody .
On December 16 , 1999 , Manson posted four-minute video clip , accompanied by a written address , which elaborated on the new album 's themes and featured excerpts of the band in a studio performing two new songs .
In June 1788 , it became the ninth state to ratify the United States Constitution , bringing that document into effect .
Vice Admiral Fletcher was appointed to the Navy 's General Board in 1946 and retired as Chairman of that governing board in May 1947 with the rank of full Admiral .
Orion would launch from Launch Complex 39 at Kennedy Space Center , the same launch complex used by the Space Shuttle and the Saturn V/O. While shuttle operations continued from launch pad 39A , 39B was readied for Ares launches .
History The district dates back to the district Lebus and the district Oberbarnim , which were both created in 1816 .
It is highly contagious , even days or weeks after symptoms disappear .
In October 2008 , they won four awards including Best International Artist and Song of the year at Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica held in Mexico .
The film is an abridged modernization of Shakespeare 's play , designed to appeal to a younger modern audience while retaining the original Shakespearean dialogue .
A day or two later , in broken hilly country full of water-courses , they had great difficulty in finding a road for the loaded carts , deciding on 27 October to abandon them .
Contemporary scholars report over a million people are systematically killed in the aftermath .
Arcadia is a city in DeSoto County , Florida , United States .
The London Borough of Hillingdon is the westernmost borough in Greater London , England .
As major streets of Moscow radiate from here in all directions , being promoted to major highways outside the city , Red Square is often considered the central square of Moscow and all of Russia .
Its county town , after which it is named , had been Berwick-upon-Tweed , but the royal burgh changed hands in 1482 , subsequently becoming part of the county of Northumberland , in England .
No. 1 was returned to its manufacturer where a set of trailing wheels was added to reduce the rear overhang , and the springs on No. 2 were adjusted and the crank pins shortened to reduce its oscillation .
Pocahontas ( c. 1595 - March 21 , 1617 ) , later known as Rebecca Rolfe , was a Virginia Indian chief 's daughter notable for having assisted colonial settlers at Jamestown . She converted to Christianity and married the English settler John Rolfe .
The tail , known as the telson , is spiked in most eurypterids like in modern scorpions and in some species it may have been used to inject venom , but so far there is no certain evidence any eurypterids were venomous .
The manuscript of John Aubrey and His Friends was completed during May 1946 .
Like caraway , its fernlike leaves are aromatic and are used to flavor many foods , such as gravlax ( cured salmon ) , borscht and other soups , and pickles ( where the dill flower is sometimes used ) .
Witnesses reported that they looked to be in their early twenties , wore black t-shirts and jeans , and that they smiled and looked happy as they shot their victims .
On January 1 , 2006 Temse had a total population of 26,287 .
The misinformation was propagated through many biology textbooks , and popular knowledge , even today .
Speyer ( English formerly Spires ) is a city in Germany ( Rhineland-Palatinate ) with approx .
John Bodkin Adams ( 21 January 1899 & ndash ; 4 July 1983 ) was an Irish-born British general practitioner , convicted fraudster and suspected serial killer .
The abbey church , although legally a cathedral church , differs in certain particulars from most of the other cathedrals in England : it is also used as a parish church , of which the Dean is rector .
The town is the location of the '' sand farm '' purchased by Aldo Leopold in 1935 .
Tom Simpson ( 30 November 1937 13 July 1967 ) was an English road racing cyclist who died of exhaustion on the slopes of Mont Ventoux during the 13th stage of the Tour de France in 1967 .
In opening with a discussion of the three aims of ancient Hindu life -- dharma , artha and kama -- Vatsyayana 's purpose is to set kama , or enjoyment of the senses , in context .
Heikki Johannes Kovalainen ( born October 19 , 1981 in Suomussalmi , Finland ) is a Finnish Formula One racing driver who spent the 2008 and 2009 seasons with British based team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes and the 2010 and 2011 seasons with the Lotus Racing team .
Their modern centre of endemism is western South Africa and Namibia ( Brandberg Massif [ ] ) , although a relict population , and Eocene fossils suggest a wider ancient distribution .
Repulse Bay is an area in the southern part of Hong Kong Island , located in the Southern District , Hong Kong .
One of the label 's founding principles under Sinatra 's leadership was that each artist would have full creative freedom , and at some point complete ownership of their work ; including publishing rights .
Reta Oposta is succeeded by a pair of downhill left turns that are called '' Descida do Lago '' ( '' Lake Descent '' ) ( 4 & 5 ) into a short straight sector that goes down again .
Gland is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
'' Lovers Theme '' by Hervé Roy , from the movie Delusions of Grandeur , plays throughout .
Nesles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The site of Frida Leakey Korongo North ( commonly known as FLK North and named after Louis Leakey 's first wife ) bears the distinction of having the oldest known evidence of Elephant consumption , attributed to Homo ergaster around 1.8 million years ago .
In such a system it is essential that the refrigerant reach a sufficiently high temperature when compressed , since the second law of thermodynamics prevents heat from flowing from a cold fluid to a hot heat sink .
Phosgene oxime , also known as dichloroformoxime or CX , is a chemical weapon , specifically an urticant ( nettle agent ) .
Pharmaconomist ( ) means expert in pharmaceuticals ( ) .
Creates bootable Live USB of many Linux distributions
The 2010 Pakistan floods began in late July 2010 , resulting from heavy monsoon rains in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Sindh , Punjab and Balochistan regions of Pakistan and affected the Indus River basin .
The Victory Column ( German : ) is a famous monument in Berlin , Germany .
The lyrics of early traditional blues verses probably often consisted of a single line repeated four times ; it was only in the first decades of the 20th century that the most common current structure became standard : the so-called AAB pattern , consisting of a line sung over the four first bars , its repetition over the next four , and then a longer concluding line over the last bars .
That Council of Chalcedon is one of the First seven Ecumenical Councils accepted by Eastern Orthodox , Catholic , and many Protestant Christian churches .
Geographical extent Shield volcanoes can be so large that they are sometimes considered to be a mountain range , such as the Ilgachuz Range and the Rainbow Range , both of which are located in Canada .
The Chelsea- Hackney line ( also referred to as the Chelney line , Kings line and Crossrail 2 ) is a safeguarded route for an underground railway running from south-west London ( UK ) to north-east London .
Canonicity The Book of Habakkuk is the eighth book of the Twelve Prophets of the Hebrew Bible , or of the '' minor prophets '' of the Christian Bible .
Give us day by day our daily bread .
Tokio Jokio is a 1943 Looney Tunes short directed by Norman McCabe ( Cpl . was added after the film finished production , as McCabe was drafted into the Armed Forces before its release ) .
It is named for its linden ( lime in British English ) trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall between two carriageways .
In 2004 , Hamlin competed in five NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series ( NCTS ) races with EJP Racing , and had a tenth-place finish in his NASCAR debut at Indianapolis Raceway Park .
Beers , Meads and Ciders ( generally up ot about 15 % alcohol )
Johnny Nash ( born John Lester Nash , Jr. , August 19 , 1940 , Houston , Texas ) is an African-American pop singer-songwriter , best known for his unexpected 1972 comeback hit , '' I Can See Clearly Now '' .
In males , masturbation flushes out old sperm with low motility from the male 's genital tract .
The territory of the South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .
Although this can conflict with efforts to reuse food waste ( such as in animal feed ) , safety regulations are in place to ensure the health of the consumer ; they are vitally important , especially in the processing of foodstuffs of animal origin ( e.g. meat and dairy products ) , as contaminated products from these sources can lead to and are associated with microbiological and chemical hazards .
Port Arthur is a small town and former convict settlement on the Tasman Peninsula , in Tasmania , Australia .
Nazareth is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Kahror Pakka and Dunya Pur were a part of tehsil Mailsi and were annexed with Lodhran in 1924 .
The name is derived from Latin , where mille was 1,000 , and 1,000,000 became milione , '' a large thousand '' .
C20 , dynamic equivalence Good News Bible For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son , so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life .
The fruits develop by May or June and resemble large berries .
From its discovery in 1930 until 2006 , Pluto was considered the Solar System 's ninth planet .
Most stage victories in one Tour de France : 8 , in 1970 and 1974 ( shared with Charles Pélissier in 1930 and Freddy Maertens in 1976 ) .
The term 135 ( ISO 1007 ) was introduced by Kodak in 1934 as a designation for cartridge film wide , specifically for still photography .
José Maria Rodrigues Alves , best known as Zé Maria ( born in Botucatu , May 18 , 1949 ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
These methods range from investigating abnormal occurrences like burglaries or murders , to simply watching to see if anybody breaks the law , such as being posted in an airport lobby or patrolling a highway .
Tropical cyclogenesis involves the development of a warm-core cyclone , due to significant convection in a favorable atmospheric environment .
Shortly before release of their first album , Sony terminated their contract .
Many people thought it was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called '' Ode to Joy '' .
In Wales , too , the Act established a similar pattern of counties and districts , but these have since been entirely replaced with a system of unitary authorities .
Flemish Brabant ( Dutch : , French : Brabant flamand ) is a province of Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Strathaven ( ; Gaelic : Srath Aibhne , meaning : valley of the Avon ) is a historic market town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Pliny the Elder set out to rescue the victims from their perilous position on the shore of the Bay of Naples , and launched his galleys , crossing the bay to Stabiae ( near the modern town of Castellammare di Stabia ) .
In 1998 , he was awarded the Booker Prize for his novel Amsterdam .
Feel free to re-enable the template when the additional information has been provided or an additional consensus obtained by changing the '' yes '' in the template to '' no '' .
It is the 3,6-diacetyl ester of morphine ( di ( two ) - acetyl-morphine ) .
The renegades , however , heavily looted Bangui and killed more than 50 people .
Andy van der Meijde , anglicised to van der Meyde , ( born 30 September 1979 in Arnhem , Gelderland ) is a Dutch footballer .
Humphreys , 106 Later , Iraq and Kuwait met for a final negotiation session , which failed .
Guillermo became a major hurricane August 2 .
Ohis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Roger Milla ( born Albert Roger Mooh Miller 20 May 1952 ) is a Cameroonian former football forward .
He died on 2 April 2005 after a long period of ill-health and was buried on 8 April 2005 .
Photography is the process , activity and art of creating still or moving pictures by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium , such as a photographic film , or an electronic sensor .
Brendon Boyd Urie ( born April 12 , 1987 ) is an American musician and the lead vocalist , rhythm guitarist , pianist and singer-songwriter of Panic !
The modern district of Bannu was originally a tehsil of the old Bannu district of British India , in the Derajat Division of the North-West Frontier Province .
Latvia has been a member of the United Nations since September 17 , 1991 ; of the European Union since May 1 , 2004 and of the NATO since March 29 , 2004 .
Trio ( Stargate Atlantis ) , an episode of the television series Stargate Atlantis
Clara is the 17th largest barangay in Santa Maria with a land area of 214.70 hectares or 2.1470 km2 , slightly smaller than the barangay of Poblacion .
Terrehault is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The song '' Hakanaku Tsuyoku '' ( ) was used as the second opening for the show .
It was founded as a commercial newspaper , and politically it remained conservative for its first three decades , supporting the Qing government .
Legal reforms from the 18th century onwards mean that everyone in the United Kingdom now has the right to make a solemn affirmation instead of an oath .
Realizing that neither France nor the United Kingdom was willing to take steps , he resigned as chancellor that evening .
It has an area of 2,106 km and a population of 872,200 (/O2002/O) .
Most cast irons have a chemical composition of 2.5 to 4.0 % carbon , 1 to 3 % silicon , and the remainder is iron .
See Blasphemy law and Hate speech .
For example , BAA Limited ( BAA ) operates seven of the commercial airports in the United Kingdom , as well as several other airports outside of the UK .
On March 28 , 2008 , it was announced that Tanaka would be taking on the voice acting role of Kirara , a main character in Sanrio 's anime Onegai My Melody Kirara , the fourth My Melody series .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
The solid object , if any , would be no greater than 3 5 km in diameter based on brightness .
Its purpose was to restore white supremacy in the aftermath of the American Civil War .
Starting in 1925 , von Braun attended a boarding school at Ettersburg castle near Weimar where at first he did not do well in physics and mathematics .
Hans Henrik Varland - Keyboards on '' At Sixes and Sevens (/O2002/O) ''
This is the level at which the system is generally considered to have an '' operating system '' kernel .
Starting in 1984 , a rendition of the show 's '' Think ! ''
Wolong National Nature Reserve ( ) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The band released its breakthrough album , Hybrid Theory , the following year .
Surfer , Dude is a 2008 American comedy film starring Matthew McConaughey in the title role directed by S.R. Bindler .
It is a geographically distinct region , lying between the Berkshire Downs and the River Thames , named after the prehistoric Uffington White Horse .
Edguy was founded in 1992 by 14-year-old students Tobias Sammet , Jens Ludwig , Dirk Sauer , and Dominik Storch .
Its Quonset Gym held one of the first games of the NCAA was played .
In chemistry , valence , also known as valency or valency number , is a measure of the number of chemical bonds formed by the atoms of a given element .
CornerShot Panzerfaust ( or CSP ) Debuted at the Eurosatory 2004 military trade show in Paris , a derivative of the system for use against armored vehicles is designed to fire Panzerfaust anti-tank rockets .
< span ) , an HTML element ( see span and div )
Between World War I and World War II the term was also used for the paramilitary organizations that arose during the period of the Weimar Germany .
He appeared on Buffy from 1997 to 1999 , at which point he began starring in Angel , which ran until 2004 , with some guest appearances on Buffy after his departure .
In 2004 , Carpenter had a three episode guest appearance on the TV show Charmed as a psychic demonCharisma Carpenter Biography , Photos , Movies , TV , Credits Hollywood.com called The Seer and played a recurring role on NBC 's Miss Match , appearing in four episodes .
Belfour was born in Carman , Manitoba and grew up playing hockey .
Compton scattering is an important effect in gamma spectroscopy which gives rise to the Compton edge , as it is possible for the gamma rays to scatter out of the detectors used .
Noted bands who at least at some point sported a Visual Kei theme include Dir en grey , Luna Sea and Malice Mizer .
The advisory speed limit ( Richtgeschwindigkeit ) of the German autobahn is 130 km\/h ( 80 mph ) , but there is no general speed limit .
They also arranged three ` Save Christiania ' nights , a cabaret show and three support parties in order to be able to pay down some of the Gay House 's debt to Christiania .
People who engage in or support iconoclasm are called '' iconoclasts '' , a term that has come to be applied figuratively to any person who challenges established dogma or conventions .
Founded in 1804 , it is the oldest university in the Northwest Territory and ninth oldest public university in the United States .
Interstate 93 ( abbreviated I-93 ) is an Interstate Highway in the New England section of the United States .
Buster-kun has been The Pillows ' mascot since about 1998 , when on a visit to London , they saw a doll of a '' grotesque and creepy-looking teddy bear '' ( which can be seen in many of their videos , including '' Hybrid Rainbow '' ) and subsequently used it for the artwork of the album Little Busters and on t-shirts sold during the following tour .
Research between the early 1800s and today suggests that many stars are part of either binary star systems or star systems with more than two stars , called multiple star systems .
The carbohydrate products of the Calvin cycle are three-carbon sugar phosphate molecules , or '' triose phosphates , '' namely , glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate ( G3P ) .
or Queen of the Skies .
He worked in several positions there , but is arguably best known as a character designer .
Edward Gene '' Ed '' Rendell ( born January 5 , 1944 ) is an American politician and Governor of Pennsylvania .
Alan Stuart '' Al '' Franken ( born May 21 , 1951 ) is the junior United States Senator from Minnesota .
Linear scale , a means of showing the scale of a map , chart , or drawing
In 1984 he traveled the Mediterranean and Middle East as part of an all-comedy USO tour , spending two months in Turkey , Greece , Bahrain , Italy , Israel and Spain entertaining troops .
Kei Inokashira Line - terminus
There is the gold Hall of Fame Award ( 1991 -- 2000 ) , the silver Wannabe Award ( 2001 -- 2008 ) , the green Big Green Help Award ( 2009 -- present ) and the silver glitter Big Help Award ( 2010-present ) .
Under a '' Presidential '' government the head of government ( in this case , the chancellor ) , is responsible to the head of state , and not a legislative body .
Note : The term ` universe ' is defined as everything that physically exists : the entirety of space and time , all forms of matter , energy and momentum , and the physical laws and constants that govern them .
It was based on the 1980s trilogy of novels North and South by John Jakes and follows its general storyline , despite some deviations .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes termed the Thames Valley whilst east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers use the term Thames Gateway .
Gareth David-Lloyd ( born 28 March 1981 ) is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television program Torchwood .
Its name comes from the Greek word for indistinct .
Manchester was the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games , and its sports clubs include two Premier League football teams , Manchester City and Manchester United .
It is black with yellow spots or stripes to a varying degree ; some specimens can be nearly completely black while on others the yellow is dominant .
Over time the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River .
A term formerly used for direct current was galvanic current .
The spread of flowering plants ( angiosperms ) and '' advanced '' ornithischians , another major group of herbivorous dinosaurs ( noted for their highly developed chewing mechanisms ) are most likely not a major factor in sauropod decline in the northern continents .
It originally was released on Yankovic 's first EP and was later re-released on Yankovic ' debut album .
Pygmies live in several ethnic groups in Rwanda , Burundi , Uganda , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Central African Republic , Cameroon , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , the Republic of Congo , Angola , Botswana , Namibia , and Zambia .
Margot Frank ( 1926 - 45 ) was her elder sister .
The contestants are told to arrive at an abandoned movie studio lot in Windsor , Ontario , where the new competition , titled '' Total Drama Action '' , would take place .
He is also related to the late S. Karivardhan , India 's most famous racing driver until Karthikeyan came along .
They were the only NHL to improve on its record in each of the previous four seasons .
The war was driven by the antagonism between the British Empire ( in personal union with Hanover ) and the Bourbons ( in France and Spain ) , resulting from overlapping interests in their colonial and trade empires , and by the antagonism between the Hohenzollerns ( in Prussia ) and Habsburgs ( Holy Roman Emperors and archdukes in Austria ) , resulting from territorial and hegemonial conflicts in the Holy Roman Empire .
At the Nintendo DS conference on October 7 , 2004 , the game was on demonstration again and new information was revealed ; the name was changed to Super Mario 64 DS and four different characters ( Mario , Luigi , Yoshi , and Wario ) would be used in the main , single-player adventure .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
While most sources say that Hearst simply offered more money , Pulitzer - who had grown increasingly abusive to his employees - had become an extremely difficult man to work for , and many World employees were willing to jump for the sake of getting away from him .
It is one of three campuses in the University of Michigan system .
Stanley is a city in Custer County , Idaho , United States .
the village of New Lanark , a World Heritage site
Schwaz is twinned with :
There is still disagreement on the subject of the classification , ancestry , and progeny of H. erectus , with two major alternative hypotheses : erectus may be another name for Homo ergaster , and therefore the direct ancestor of later hominids such as Homo heidelbergensis , Homo neanderthalensis , and Homo sapiens ; or it may be an Asian species distinct from African ergaster .
Linguistic enthusiasts started to work on identifying Viking-Age origins for rural idioms and proverbs .
Following an agreement between the Polish Catholic Church and the Polish government , the smaller crosses were removed in 1999 but the large papal one remains .
Kentaro Kawasaki ( born 18 December 1982 ) is a Japanese football player .
It has an average elevation of 645 metres .
He earned four Pro Bowl selections and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1977 .
Beynost is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The film won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature .
The first pasteurization test was completed by Louis Pasteur and Claude Bernard on April 20 , 1864 .
Year 1839 ( MDCCCXXXIX ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a common year starting on Sunday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
She is the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn ( 19 years younger ) and a distant cousin of singer Patty Loveless . Crystal Gayle has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , near Loretta Lynn 's star .
However , critics did not rate it as highly as The Sufferer & the Witness , mostly blaming the movement toward the mainstream and away from faster hardcore punk .
In the military , the term '' tent city '' usually refers to temporary living quarters erected on deployed military bases , such as those found in Bosnia and Herzegovina or Iraq .
Auto-Tune was initially created by Andy Hildebrand , an engineer working for Exxon .
The two streams run through the estate , one of them the Glamis Burn .
As in Formula 1 , turn one is arguably the most popular place for overtaking .
It is an influential city for the northern parts of the country and the capital of the Central Macedonia Periphery , the Thessaloniki Prefecture and at the Municipality of Thessaloniki .
Mastodon is an American progressive metal band from Atlanta , Georgia , formed in 1999 .
When the show returned in 1984 , the game board was replaced with individual monitors for each clue in a category .
Furthermore , their song '' When I See An Elephant Fly '' , which uses intricate wordplay in the lyrics , is more oriented to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo 's large ears .
The 32 rounds means that Serpent has a higher security margin than Rijndael ; however , Rijndael with 10 rounds is faster and easier to implement for small blocks .
The Socratic method ( or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate ) , named after the Classical Greek philosopher Socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate critical thinking and to illuminate ideas .
The union was a result of the Ausgleich or Compromise of 1867 , under which the Austrian House of Habsburg agreed to share power with the separate Hungarian government , dividing the territory of the former Austrian Empire between them .
Muraenidae ( moray eels )
The Grand Duchy came to an end in the German Revolution of 1918 - 19 with the other monarchies of the German Empire . It was succeeded by the Free State of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach , which was merged into the new state of Thuringia two years later .
The 2014 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXII Olympic Winter Games , is an international winter multiple sports event that will be celebrated from February 7 to February 23 2014 .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
He has sophisticated knowledge in matters of genetic manipulation and engineering and has used radiation to mutate humans .
Each of these '' Netherlands '' had a high degree of autonomy , co-operating with each other mainly on defense and on the international level in general , but keeping to their own affairs elsewhere .
Tosca is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa . It premiered at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome on 14 January 1900 .
Marvel has since become the largest American comic-book publisher , surpassing its longtime competitor DC Comics .
For many purposes the frictional force Ff can be modeled as being proportional to the velocity v of the object :
Four singles were released from the album : '' One Step Closer '' , '' Papercut '' , the Grammy Award-winning '' Crawling '' and '' In the End '' , the latter which was responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity .
It should be used to appeal most instances of proposed deletion and speedy deletion , though appeals of the outcomes of deletion discussions and other deletion matters requiring community review should be made at Deletion review .
It is used in the storyline for the 2008 film , Fireproof , which is directed by author Alex Kendrick .
Political division The province is divided into eight districts ( , singular : distrito ) , each of which is headed by a mayor ( alcalde ) .
So it is that the Dutch-speaking Flanders region has one set of charts of record activity there , while the French-speaking Wallonia region has another set to measure popularity in those provinces . All of the charts generated by Ultratop are published in three different languages : Dutch , primarily for the Flemish inhabitants of Flanders ; French , primarily for the Walloons in Wallonia ; and English .
According to Dzogchen lore , the attainment of the Rainbow Body is the sign of complete realisation of the Dzogchen view .
For much of the history of Formula One , Formula Two has represented the penultimate step on the motorsport ladder .
The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and Hurling , both of which are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) .
Fyé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The Asian or Asiatic Elephant ( Elephas maximus ) , sometimes known by the name of one of its subspecies the Indian Elephant , is one of the three living species of elephant , and the only living species of the genus Elephas .
For example , specialized diodes are used to regulate voltage ( Zener diodes ) , to electronically tune radio and TV receivers ( varactor diodes ) , to generate radio frequency oscillations ( tunnel diodes ) , and to produce light ( light emitting diodes ) .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
This allows patients to undergo surgery and other procedures without the distress and pain they would otherwise experience .
Project hosting : FSF hosts software development projects on their Savannah website .
Tipton , Michigan
leader_name = Marius Ioan Ursaciuc
Because of this , code written in ActionScript 3.0 is generally targeted for Flash Player 9 and higher and will not work in previous versions . At the same time , ActionScript 3.0 executes up to 10 times faster than legacy ActionScript code .
They will be replaced in 2010 by Colin , Fiona , Igor , and Julia .
This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at Nara .
The Pacific Northwest is a region in the northwest of North America , bound by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
These bridges were an integral part on the Inca road system and are an example of Inca innovation in engineering .
The lighthouse was built in 1859 and was the second lighthouse built in Victoria .
Starting in 1847 , Delibes studied composition at the Paris Conservatoire as a student of Adolphe Adam .
There are various aerial enemy aircraft which shoot relatively slow bullets , as well as ( presumably unpiloted ) fast-moving projectiles and exploding black spheres .
Smith , '' Atlas '' Atlas was the son of the Titan Iapetus and the Oceanid AsiaPseudo-Apollodorus , Bibliotheke i. 2.3 .
In Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , the 500 home run club is a term applied to the group of batters who have hit 500 or more regular-season home runs in their careers .
A peace treaty is an agreement between two hostile parties , usually countries or governments , that formally ends an armed conflict .
On Earth , nuclear reactions initiated by radioactive decay produce nucleogenic isotopes rather than the radiogenic daughter isotopes of simple decay . Unlike radioactive decay , nuclear reactions can be employed artificially to obtain nuclear energy , at an adjustable rate , on demand .
The Cadet Corps performed well , helping in the defense of the town ( 1899 -- 1900 ) , and were one of the many factors that inspired Baden-Powell to form the Scouting movement .
However , Britten encountered opposition from sectors of the English musical establishment and gradually withdrew from the London scene , founding the English Opera Group in 1947 and the Aldeburgh Festival the following year , partly ( though by no means solely ) to perform his own works .
Marcus Tullius Cicero ( ; Classical Latin : ; January 3 , 106 BC & ndash ; December 7 , 43 BC ) , known in older English sources as Tully , was a Roman philosopher , statesman , lawyer , political theorist , and Roman constitutionalist .
The island is treeless , with the tallest plant , the arctic willow , growing occasionally to about the height of a person 's knee but usually standing no taller than 10 cm .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
During the mid-twenties , Anfield was the finishing line for the city marathon . Liverpool also held an annual race which started from St George 's plateau in the city center and finished with a lap of Anfield .
The JR East station consists of three surface platforms serving the T kaid , Yamanote , and Keihin-T hoku lines , and an underground platform serving the Yokosuka Line .
In Mexico , Central America and the United States , '' tortilla '' refers to a flatbread made from corn or wheat originally made by Mesoamerican peoples .
Daniel Barenboim ( born 15 November 1942 ) is an Argentine and Israeli pianist and conductor .
The music video of the single was shot in 1984 at the RTL studios in Luxembourg .
Luna 2 ( E-1A series ) was the second of the Soviet Union 's Luna program spacecraft launched to the Moon .
mbox { Flux } = iint _ { S } vec { F } cdot hat { n } dS ,
The Cat Who Moved a Mountain (/O1992/O)
They are widely regarded as showing that Hilbert 's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all of mathematics is impossible , thus giving a negative answer to Hilbert 's second problem .
One such claim says 10,000 were impaled in the Transylvanian city of Sibiu ( where Vlad had once lived ) in 1460 .
The radian was formerly an SI supplementary unit , but this category was abolished in 1995 and the radian is now considered an SI derived unit .
Euclidean geometry is the study of geometry that satisfies all of Euclid 's axioms , including the parallel postulate .
Vauville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
De Laurentiis also produced the first Hannibal Lecter film , Manhunter ( 1986 ) . He passed on adapting Thomas Harris ' sequel , The Silence of the Lambs , but produced the two follow-ups , Hannibal ( 2001 ) and Red Dragon ( 2002 ) , a remake of Manhunter .
The distinction between polysemy and homonymy is often subtle and subjective , and not all sources consider polysemous words to be homonyms .
Mr. Harrel : Mrs. Harrel 's husband and one of Cecilia 's guardians .
The Douala Airport is located nearby .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and FK Austria Wien won the championship .
On September 11 , 2001 , the complex was the target of terrorist attacks for a second time .
The Laotian rock rat or kha-nyou ( Laonastes aenigmamus ) , sometimes called the '' rat-squirrel '' , is a rodent species of the Khammouan region of Laos .
, a 1995 short by Veit Helmer
Miguel Pardeza Pichardo ( born February 8 , 1965 in La Palma del Condado , Huelva ) is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a forward .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
The jersey is predominantly white with five horizontal bands in the UCI colors around the chest .
European Larch , Japanese Larch and Tamarack Larch are the species most commonly trained as bonsai .
Queens and Staten Island merge with New York City .
Hyder Ali died on 12 July 1782 and his son Tippu Sultan became the Mysore King .
It is proposed that the blend of fatty acids exuded by mammalian skin , together with lactic acid and pyruvic acid , is distinctive and enables animals with a keen sense of smell to differentiate individuals .
NPS bio of JQA Secretary of State Adams served as Secretary of State in the Cabinet of President James Monroe from 1817 until 1825 , a tenure during which he was instrumental in the acquisition of Florida .
This is the first Keith Urban album to not have any singles reach # 1 .
Nepal ( or n - PAL ; ) , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked country in South Asia .
April 27 , 1994 22 I Do n't Remember Mama It 's Mothers ' Day and Mr Sheffield is doing everything he can to keep the kids ' minds off their mother , with a heart-warming surprise a mother-daughter beauty Pageant at a country club .
It is located in County Antrim on the northeast coast of Northern Ireland , about three miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of the town of Bushmills .
The precursor disturbance to Debby dropped heavy rainfall across Puerto Rico , peaking at in the southwestern portion of the island .
Science 1970 ; 167:1751 -- 1754Wallace RK , Benson H , Wilson AF .
ICE is led by a director , who is appointed at the sub-Cabinet level by the President of the United States , confirmed by the Senate , and reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security .
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This flow of the boundary layer is significantly different from the speed and direction of the primary flow of the river , and is part of the river 's secondary flow .
Founded in 1855 , it was the pioneer land-grant institution and served as a model for future land-grant colleges in the United States under the 1862 Morrill Act .
Ejaculation may occur spontaneously during sleep ( a nocturnal emission or wet dream ) .
You may also be looking for .
Weddings Parties Anything ( often known as WPA , Weddings and Weddoes ) were an Australian folk rock band formed in 1984 in Melbourne and continuing until 1998 .
It was adapted for the screen by screenwriter Riaz Shahid .
Juan Carlos Ablanedo Iglesias ( born 2 September 1963 in Mieres , Asturias ) is a former Spanish football goalkeeper .
Otto , Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen , the widower of Joan I of Naples , becomes ruler of Taranto ( now eastern Italy ) .
It was formed by the merger of the Kingdom of Great Britain ( itself having been a merger of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland ) and the Kingdom of Ireland , with Ireland being governed directly from Westminster through its Dublin Castle administration .
Although Scheler later criticised Husserl 's idealistic logical approach and proposed instead a '' phenomenology of love '' , he states that he remained '' deeply indebted '' to Husserl throughout his work .
Engel directed the original production of The Threepenny Opera in 1928 . It contains Weill 's most famous song , '' Mack the Knife '' ( '' Die Moritat von Mackie Messer '' ) .
Survivor ( Funker Vogt album )
There are six types of quarks , known as flavors : up , down , charm , strange , top , and bottom .
William Franklin '' Billy '' Graham , Jr. , KBE ( Honorary ) ( born November 7 , 1918 ) , is an American evangelist and an Evangelical Christian .
Wind and lake wind advisories were posted in parts of Georgia .
In recent years , as Carter has published increasingly on the web , his poetry has ranged farther afield .
WrestleMania XXVIII is the forthcoming twenty-eighth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Garhi Daulatzai is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Marco Pantani ( 13 January 1970 & ndash ; 14 February 2004 ) was an Italian road racing cyclist , one of the best climbers in professional road bicycle racing .
After the attacks , the flight number for flights on the same route with the same takeoff time was changed to American Airlines Flight 25 .
From then on , Rocchi played Serie C football , playing in 121 matches and scoring 36 goals for Pro Patria , Fermana , Saronno and Como .
Originally , in continental Europe , a county ( contea or contado , comté , comtat , condado , Grafschaft , Gau ) was the land under the jurisdiction of a count ( conte , comte , conde , Graf ) .
Jupiter 's outer satellites and Trojans , In : Jupiter .
The smallest portable pipe organs may have only one or two dozen pipes and one manual ; the largest may have over 20,000 pipes and seven manuals .
He has made three films about Vietnam : Platoon (/O1986/O) , Born on the Fourth of July (/O1989/O) , and Heaven & Earth (/O1993/O) .
One of the most successful applications of chaos theory has been in ecology , where dynamical systems such as the Ricker model have been used to show how population growth under density dependence can lead to chaotic dynamics .
Year 4 ( IV ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
It was the primary aircraft in the American firebombing campaign against the Empire of Japan in the final months of World War II , and carried the atomic bombs that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
In October 1863 , Ben Hall 's gang took over the village for three days and entertained the whole population , as well as some stray travellers , all herded into the inn .
July -- December July -- Phetracha stages a coup d'état and becomes king of Ayutthaya .
The flowers are solitary or in small clusters , white , or pale yellow , with a tubular-based corolla with 5-12 lobes ( petals ) from diameter .
The larger French specimen ( MNHN CNJ 79 ) was discovered in 1972 in the Portlandian lithographic limestone of Canjuers near Nice in southeastern France .
The bean machine , also known as the quincunx or Galton box , is a device invented by Sir Francis Galton to demonstrate the law of error and the normal distribution .
A small number of fish float to the surface , but most sink to the sea floor .
Paleontological substantiation of this boundary was worked out separately for the siliciclastic basin ( base of the Baltic Stage of the Eastern-European Platform Sokolov B. S. (/O1965/O) '' Abstracts of All-Union Symposium on Paleontology of the Precambrian and Early Cambrian . ''
Hamilton is a town in South Lanarkshire , in the west-central Lowlands of Scotland .
Scoring is by fifteens and tens , as in tennis , in this manner : 15 - 30 - 40 - 50 or victory of a game ; the team which wins 12 games is final winner of the match .
Sir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers AO , OCC ( born 28 July 1936 in Bridgetown , Barbados ) is a former cricketer who captained West Indies .
The Polish people , or Poles ( , singular Polak ) are a nation indigenous to Poland . They are bonded by the Polish language , which belongs to the Lechitic subgroup of West Slavic languages of Central Europe .
These regions were the first newly industrialized countries , noted for maintaining exceptionally high growth rates and rapid industrialization between the early 1960s and 1990s .
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Waben is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Camillo Berneri ( also known as Camillo da Lodi ; May 28 , 1897 , Lodi -- May 5 , 1937 , Barcelona ) was an Italian professor of philosophy , anarchist militant , propagandist and theorist .
There are many different types of LC phases , which can be distinguished by their different optical properties ( such as birefringence ) .
Born in Pelton , County Durham , White began learning to play the piano at age six and after switching to drums , played publicly with a local band at 13 .
Henry IV ( possibly 3 April 1366 & ndash ; 20 March 1413 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland ( 1399 & ndash ; 1413 ) .
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
Univariate frequency distributions are often presented as lists ordered by quantity showing the number of times each value appears .
Its county seat is Chipley , Florida .
This is a time when an infant 's attention moves from oral stimulation to anal stimulation ( usually the bowels but occasionally the bladder ) , usually synchronous with learning to control their excretory functions , a time of toilet training .
John Pritchard ( 1982 -- 1989 )
This is equivalent to the problem of deciding , given a program and an input , whether the program will eventually halt when run with that input , or will run forever .
January 1 -- Marseille in France and Ko ice in Slovakia become European Capitals of Culture .
The original Blundell Street Depot was replaced by a larger depot on Rigby Road in 1920 .
The name originates from the huge tidal tails that come off the ends of the two galaxies .
On the March 18 edition of Saturday Night 's Main Event , Henry , along with his manager Daivari , called out The Undertaker .
She also sympathized with Goliath rather than David in the Biblical story of David and Goliath .
The Edsel was a brand of car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company during the 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 model years .
Mongol forces burned Zhongdu to the ground in 1215 .
Only one of the original batch of gnomes survives : Lampy , as he is known , is on display at Lamport Hall , and is insured for one million pounds .
In the early 1970s Fallaci had an affair with the subject of one of her interviews , Alexandros Panagoulis , who had been a solitary figure in the Greek resistance against the 1967 dictatorship , having been captured , heavily tortured and imprisoned for his ( unsuccessful ) assassination attempt on dictator and ex-Colonel Georgios Papadopoulos .
Dee returned to England in 1589 .
legume fruit is a simple dry fruit that develops from a simple carpel and usually dehisces ( opens along a seam ) on two sides .
Cabell '' Cab '' Calloway III ( December 25 , 1907 & ndash ; November 18 , 1994 ) was an American jazz singer and bandleader .
Pesce , Nicole Lyn .
Retrieved 8 April 2006 .
CBC in Toronto 's east end , and raised by Jamaican immigrant parents .
There are approximately 10 extant genera and around 20 extant species of armadillo , some of which are distinguished by the number of bands on their armor .
'' Can I Sit Next to You Girl '' was written by Young & Young , and '' School Days '' is a cover version of a Chuck Berry song .
The first member of the force to die in the line of duty was Officer Charles F. Schoppe , who was shot to death in 1874 while trying to disarm a drunken saloon patron .
On the other side of the account , manorial administration involved significant expenses , perhaps a reason why smaller manors tended to rely less on villein tenure .
Tetsuya Asano is a Japanese former footballer .
Iraklis , is a Greek football club , branch of Gymnastic Club Iraklis Thessaloniki , based in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Marcus Julius Bassus , Roman consul , whose tomb is near Joyeuse
Female didgeridoo players did exist , but their playing took place in an informal context and was not specifically encouraged .
The city passed to the control of the British East India Company in 1765 after the Battle of Plassey .
Merseyside , which was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 , takes its name from the River Mersey .
For consistency , the speeds of navigational fluids ( tidal streams , river currents and wind speeds ) are also measured in knots .
The core duty of a CEO is to facilitate business outside of the company while guiding employees and other executive officers towards a central objective .
Almost 1,000 people were killed by the storm .
Seymour is located at ( 40.682854 , -93.120732 ) .
Mailing lists are available in a number of formats : via a web archive , by email , or by NNTP using the mail-to-news gateway Gmane .
Drifting northwestward through Texas , Tropical Depression Erin maintained an area of convection near the center , with its widespread but scattered rainbands dropping moderate to heavy precipitation .
Hans Sebald Beham ( 1500 1550 ) was a German printmaker who did his best work as an engraver , and was also a designer of woodcuts and a painter and miniaturist .
In the time trial , he overtook the five-time Tour de France winner , Jacques Anquetil , who for 15 years had been the world 's best time-triallist .
The Plain English Campaign ( PEC ) is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom .
The death of Rachel Donelson Jackson caused these plans to be abandoned and Andrew Jackson asked Emily to take over all the responsibilities of the White House hostess .
Cast Regular cast Adam West - Batman/Bruce Wayne - A caped crusader whose parents were murdered when he was a child .
ISBN 978-0521458504 After the independence of India and Pakistan , the League continued as a minor party in India , especially in Kerala , where it is often in government within a coalition with others .
They are also popular in Latin America , France , Portugal , the United States , and Spanish-speaking Caribbean islands .
Stanis aw Wojciechowski was born on March 15 , 1869 in Kalisz , and died near Warsaw on April 9 , 1953 at the age of 84 .
Coleridge-Taylor was born in Holborn , London , to a Sierra Leonean Creole father , Daniel Peter Hughes Taylor , and an English mother , Alice Hare Martin .
In Formula One , where until 1960 drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap , Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 76 .
Discovery Iapetus was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini in October 1671 on the western side of Saturn .
About one week later , when the mosquito takes its next blood meal , these parasites mix with the mosquito 's saliva and are injected into the person being bitten .
Jennings is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
The Dome of the Rock is located at the visual center of a platform known as the Temple Mount , which Muslims refer to as the '' Noble Sanctuary ( Bait-ul-Muqaddas ) '' .
For samples of sufficient size ( several grams of carbon ) this method is still widely used in the 2000s .
Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997 .
In terms of the number of trophies won , Manchester United 's most successful decade was the 1990s ; the club won five league titles , four FA Cups , one League Cup , five Charity Shields ( one shared ) , one UEFA Champions League , one UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , one UEFA Super Cup and one Intercontinental Cup .
As long as the program remains in this part of the address space , the task can continue , in principle , indefinitely , unless the program instructions contain a halt , exit , or return .
In 1958 , the State Department explained that the terms '' Near East '' and '' Middle East '' were interchangeable , and defined the region as including only Egypt , Syria , Israel , Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , and Qatar .
He was one of the founders and first President of the Royal Academy .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School , also known as PA Cyber , is a public virtual charter school based out of Midland , Pennsylvania .
For example , exd5 ( pawn on the e-file captures the piece on d5 ) or exd ( pawn on e-file captures something on the d-file ) .
She was his model for some of the great artist 's paintings and drawings .
The Teutonic Order is expelled from Transylvania .
Lead guitar refers to the use of a guitar to perform melody lines , instrumental fill passages , and guitar solos within a song structure .
'' In the End '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
Stevland Hardaway Judkins ( born May 13 , 1950 ) , name later changed to Stevland Hardaway Morris , Love , Dennis & Brown , Stacy Blind Faith : The Miraculous Journey of Lula Hardaway , Stevie Wonder 's Mother .
Thomas Andrew '' Tom '' Felton ( born 22 September 1987 ) is an English actor and musician .
The idea for Guitar Hero : Aerosmith came about during the development of Guitar Hero III .
Not only did this drama help skyrocket 5566 to fame , they were also the driving force behind the careers of Angela Chang and Johnny Yan .
The central section of the Cobbold Stand , known originally as the Portman Stand , was built in 102 days during the close season of 1971 .
Biochemically derived from tryptophan , serotonin is primarily found in the gastrointestinal ( GI ) tract , platelets , and in the central nervous system ( CNS ) of animals including humans .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 4.6 square miles ( 11.9 km ) , of which , 4.5 square miles ( 11.8 km ) of it is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.1 km ) of it ( 1.08 % ) is water .
The legend of Huitzilopochtli is recorded in the Mexicayotl Chronicle .
During the 15th and 16th centuries , with a global empire that included possessions in Africa , Asia , and South America , Portugal was one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers .
It has been the governing party of the Commonwealth of Australia since the 2007 federal election .
Monceau-le-Waast is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Besides the capital Assen , Emmen , Meppel and Hoogeveen are the major urban centres of the province .
Its population is 14,847 ( 2001 census ) , Commonwealth of Dominica , Population and Housing Census -- 2001 .
It is the largest of the stony ( S-type ) asteroids , and somewhere between the 8th to 12th largest main-belt asteroid overall ( uncertainty in diameters causes uncertainty in its ranking ) .
Blog on the History of Cheers However , Cheers eventually became a highly rated television show in the United States , earning a top-ten rating during eight of its eleven seasons , including one season at # 1 , and spending the bulk of its run on NBC 's '' Must See Thursday '' lineup .
She was a daughter of Echo and Pan .
In Platinum , however , Team Galactic plans to captivate both deities of time and space , resulting in the interruption of an enraged Giratina , the third Sinnoh deity who represents dimensions , chaos , and death .
In February 1988 , during a reception in the Kremlin , Mikhail Gorbachev said that he and his wife , Raisa , greatly admired Kaputikyan 's poetry .
Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States .
The Clarence S. Campbell Bowl , also called the Campbell Trophy , is a National Hockey League trophy awarded to the Western Conference playoff champions .
Fuzzy logic is a form of many-valued logic derived from fuzzy set theory to deal with reasoning that is fluid or approximate rather than fixed and exact . In contrast with '' crisp logic '' , where binary sets have two-valued logic , fuzzy logic variables may have a truth value that ranges in degree between 0 and 1 .
Montagne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad Location Jarral is 37 km from the city of Abbottabad and is located in a valley which is surrounded by large forested mountains on three sides .
The United States House of Representatives , commonly referred to as '' The House , '' is one of the two chambers of the United States Congress ; the other is the Senate .
It covers some of the most arid parts of the continent ; with a total land area of , it is the fourth largest of Australia 's six states and two territories .
To achieve the diversity of antibodies needed to protect against any type of antigen , the immune system would require millions of genes coding for different antibodies , if each antibody was encoded by one gene .
Although known for his later association with rural life , Frost grew up in the city , and published his first poem in his high school 's magazine .
People Service clubs Kinsmen Club of Brantford Kiwanis Club of Brantford Kiwanis Club of Grand River Rotary Club of Brantford Rotary Club of Brantford Sunrise Brantford Lions Club North Brantford Lions Club Religion Brantford is home to many churches and religious temples .
Guangzhou Metro , Shanghai Metro , and Shenzhen Metro all use MOVIA 456 trains , while Bucharest Metro use the MOVIA 346 .
The Florida Keys are an archipelago of 4500 islands in the southeast United States .
Cypress Gardens was an American theme park near Winter Haven , Florida , that operated from 1936 to 2009 .
In addition to presenting geographic features and political boundaries , many atlases often feature geopolitical , social , religious and economic statistics .
Underwear is sometimes partly exposed for fashion reasons or to titillate .
Subfamily Anguinae
Pakistani rock has become massively popular within Pakistan , especially among the newer generation , often regarded as the '' Junooni '' generation .
External links Docklands Light Railway website - Poplar station page Map of Poplar , 1885 .
Lancrans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and SV Amateure won the championship .
Some feminists argue that men cause and benefit from sexism ; while others argue that all people are harmed by gender roles and therefore that feminism is for women and men .
A wide variety of types have been operated , from the early days of steam locomotives and carriages through to today 's electric multiple units .
A permanent anchor is often called a mooring , and is rarely moved ; it is quite possible the vessel can not hoist it aboard but must hire a service to move or maintain it .
Pliny the Elder used the name Lacus Brigantinus , after the Roman city of Brigantium ( today Bregenz ) .
Servetus , Swedenborg and the Nature of God by Andrew M.T. Dibb , Lanham , Maryland : University Press of America Inc , 2005 [ ] Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father ( a spirit ) is united with Jesus ( a man ) as the Son of God .
However , independence was temporarily interrupted on 9 April 1940 until 8 May 1945 , when Norway was occupied by Nazi Germany .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town in New South Wales , Australia .
Michael Dale '' Mike '' Huckabee ( born August 24 , 1955 ) was the 44th Governor of Arkansas , serving from 1996 to 2007 .
It was released as the lead single for Rihanna 's third studio album , Good Girl Gone Bad .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
He is also on the Committee for the League Managers Association in an executive capacity .
Encyclopedia Britannica Online .
The region took its name from the Grampian Mountains .
Continuity with other Grand Theft Auto games Many characters , locations and fictional elements from previous Grand Theft Auto games reappear in San Andreas .
Clara Barton was instrumental in campaigning for the ratification of the First Geneva Convention by the United States , which eventually ratified it in 1882 .
Tottenham ( ) is a district of north London , England in the London Borough of Haringey , situated northeast of Charing Cross .
Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species .
He scored a total of 60 goals in 113 appearances for the French club and it was here that he made his name as a potent goalscoring poacher .
Saint-Algis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus ( 23 September 63 BC -- 19 August AD 14 ) was the first emperor of the Roman Empire , which he ruled alone from 27 BC until his death in AD 14 .
Jewish girls observe a bat chayal on or around their 12th birthday , or sometimes on or around their 13th birthday as a bat mitzvah in Reform and Conservative Judaism .
Causes Anaphylaxis is a severe , whole-body allergic reaction .
The metaphysical problem of establishing the material reality of what we perceive was of little interest to Husserl in spite of his being a transcendental idealist .
His management company was named NEMS Enterprises , after his family 's music stores , called NEMS ( North End Music Stores ) .
Its forum was located where the main square of Sopron can be found today .
Riodinidae is currently treated as a distinct family within the superfamily Papilionoidea , but in the past they were held to be the subfamily Riodininae of the Lycaenidae .
The Fiat Punto is a supermini produced by the Italian manufacturer , Fiat , since 1993 .
In Europe , a variety of terms are used ; most commonly twin towns , but partnership towns , partner towns and friendship towns , are also used .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Its passage created 12 normal school districts in the state in which to establish private corporations answerable to the State Superintendent of Common Schools .
The name is applied to something that would not be described as a hot dog in the United States . For example , in New Zealand , it refers to a battered sausage , often on a stick , and the version in a bun is called an '' American hot dog '' .
Shootfighting competitive full-contact mixed martial arts competition , used in comparison to the staged performances of professional wrestling .
k is the force constant ( or spring constant ) ( in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' ) .
The honey badger has a fairly long body , but is distinctly thick set and broad across the back .
It is made apparent that Kirara once belonged to Midoriko when they go to her cave for the first time .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
It was written by all band members prior to their debut album , Silent Alarm .
Many mainstream Muslims do not consider Ahmadis to be Muslims , citing in particular the Ahmadiyya viewpoint on the death and return of Jesus ( see Jesus in Islam ) , the Ahmadiyya concept of Jihad as peaceful and the community 's view of the finality of prophethood with particular reference to the interpretation of .
Charlotte 's Web ( 1973 film ) -- 1973 animated film adaptation of the book .
Because its spores are common in the air , it can be grown within a few days by keeping moistened pieces of bread in an enclosed , humid environment .
The Roe Deer is distinct from the somewhat larger Siberian Roe Deer ( Capreolus pygargus ) that is found from the Ural Mountains to as far east as China and Siberia .
Apia , population 58,800 ( 2001 ) , is the capital of the Independent State of Samoa .
Roger David Kornberg ( born ) is an American biochemist and professor of structural biology at Stanford University School of Medicine .
She arrives with a client , a creepy professor ( played by the same actor as Dr. Goll , Lulu 's first husband ) .
The interest generated in Austen by these critics led to the discovery and study of other woman writers of the time .
Symantec , in compliance with the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , whitelisted Magic Lantern , a keylogger actively developed by the FBI . The purpose of Magic Lantern is to obtain passwords to encrypted e-mail as part of a criminal investigation .
Relevant is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Cayce described his own ailment from a first person plural point of view ( '' we '' ) instead of the singular ( '' I '' ) . In subsequent readings he would generally start off with '' We have the body . ''
While it is listed as an alternative spelling in some dictionaries , most mainstream dictionaries do not list it as acceptable .
The last two Core releases introduced specific artwork that defined them .
Others believe the name was originally Viashaw , meaning way or road through the wood .
In the Episode Thirteen Tribal Council , Neleh and Kathy each received two votes while Vecepia was immune .
The Rhodes Scholarship , named after Cecil Rhodes , is an international postgraduate award for study at the University of Oxford ( in Oxford , England ) .
An infantry battalion is numbered ordinarily within its regiment ( e.g. , 1st Battalion , The Rifles , usually referred to as 1 Rifles ) .
Cézac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In a Xinhua news release announcing Liu 's arrest , the Beijing Public Security Bureau alleged that Liu had incited the subversion of state power and the overturn of the socialist system through methods such as spreading rumors and slander , citing almost verbatim Article 105 ; the Beijing PSB also noted that Liu had '' fully confessed . ''
The population was 272 at the 2000 census .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing ( ) , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi ( ) , is a Chinese classic text .
Dynamic pressure is closely related to the kinetic energy of a fluid particle , since both quantities are proportional to the particle 's mass ( through the density , in the case of dynamic pressure ) and square of the velocity . Dynamic pressure is in fact one of the terms of Bernoulli 's equation , which is essentially an equation of energy conservation for a fluid in motion .
On June 24 , 2005 , Billy Graham began what he has said would be his last North American crusade , at Flushing Meadows -- Corona Park in New York City .
Bastia ( French and Corsican : Bastia ) is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France located in the northeast of the island of Corsica at the base of Cap Corse . It is also a second-largest city in Corsica after Ajaccio and the capital of the department .
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger , Norway which incorporates a mixture of gothic metal and symphonic metal , as well as extreme metal and death metal elements .
By 1981 , hardcore punk had emerged in the United States , with louder , faster music than punk bands .
Complex organisms became gradually more common in the millions of years immediately preceding the Cambrian , but it was n't until this period that mineralised -- hence readily fossilised -- organisms became common .
The flag is used on land , as the civil , state and war flag , at sea , as the civil , state and naval ensign and naval jack .
On May 29 , 2008 , TSN reported that the 2009 NHL Winter Classic would be held in Chicago , Illinois on January 1 , 2009 , played between the Chicago Blackhawks and defending champion Detroit Red Wings .
Each individual sheet of paper is folded into a module , or unit , and then modules are assembled into an integrated flat shape or three-dimensional structure by inserting flaps into pockets created by the folding process .
In 2009 , he was named United Nations Special Envoy to Haiti .
Ambush marketing laws planned for rugby , cricket World Cups - Sports - International Herald Tribune For most events of any significance , one brand will pay to become the exclusive and official sponsor of the event in a particular category or categories , and this exclusivity creates a problem for one or more other brands .
Some production companies create their shows and sell them to networks at a loss , at least at first , hoping that the series will succeed and that eventual off-network syndication will turn a profit for the show .
The ability of the Zhou to control its regional lords lessened , and the kingdom eventually broke apart into smaller states , beginning in the Spring and Autumn Period and reaching full expression in the Warring States period .
Air forces typically consist of a combination of fighters , bombers , helicopters , transport planes and other aircraft .
Twitter staff received the festival 's Web Award prize with the remark '' we 'd like to thank you in 140 characters or less .
Her character was introduced in the third season premiere .
He composed some chorale melodies himself , such as A Mighty Fortress .
In Milan , an unarmed crowd of protestors marched toward the palace , which was surrounded by a strong military force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris .
Dempsey was losing the fight on points when he knocked Tunney down with a left hook to the chin in the seventh round , and landed several more punches .
The same month , The Gazette was featured in Shoxx magazine 's Expect Rush III , a catalogue of independent visual kei artists .
By removing the genes in the plasmid that caused the cancer and adding in novel genes researchers were able to infect plants with A. tumefaciens and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants .
President Bartlet 's final act as President of the United States is pardoning Toby Ziegler , who had violated federal law by leaking classified information about a military space shuttle .
He aspired to recognition by the more influential Prague opera , but Jen fa was refused there ( twelve years passed before its first performance in Prague ) .
Braille was devised in 1821 by Louis Braille , a blind Frenchman .
Articles and events specifically related to the decade beginning with the year 2000 and ending with the year 2009 .
Le Portel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Town Near the gardens stands Britain 's first internally illuminated street sign , the pillar of salt .
He writes that it was :
The following list contains short summaries of each of the 13 articles .
Gaza ( ' , , Azza ) , also referred to as Gaza City , is a Palestinian city in the Gaza Strip , with a population of about 450,000 , making it the largest city in the Palestinian territories Inhabited since at least the 15th century BC , Gaza has been dominated by several different peoples and empires throughout its history .
Many people believe amethysts protect one from poison , evil , and getting drunk .
A tropical climate is a kind of climate typical in the tropics .
Stratford , Warwick , and Kenilworth all house 20,000-25 ,000 inhabitants , while the smaller towns of Atherstone , Alcester , Coleshill , Southam , Bulkington , Polesworth , Kingsbury , Henley-in-Arden , Studley , Shipston .
Youngest of 4 Staal Brothers Steps Away From NHL Yahoo Sports , April 3 , 2009 .
The singles charted at number 1 and number 2 respectively .
June 6 & ndash ; Anti-Jewish riots erupt in Seville , Spain .
According to the Free Software Foundation , the MIT License is more accurately called the X11 license , since MIT has used many licenses for software and the license was first drafted for the X Window System .
Ambleny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Salzburg was the birthplace of 18th-century composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Miami-Dade County Public Schools serves Miami Gardens . Miami Norland High School and Miami Carol City High School are located in Miami Gardens .
Susianna '' Susi '' Levonovna Kentikian ( born Syuzanna Levonovna Kentikyan on September 11 , 1987 ) is an Armenian professional boxer now residing in Germany .
Brand New Eyes won the best album award at the The Kerrang Awards co-hosted by Corey Taylor of Slipknot\/Stone Sour and Scott Ian of Anthrax where users were allowed to vote unlimited times for their desired choice .
June 15 , 2009 .
According to the first nationally-held census ( 1786 ) the city had a population of 14,719 , and 2,414 houses .
On January 14 , 2004 , the domain name goatse .
Karl Ritter von Frisch ( 20 November 1886 - 12 June 1982 ) was an Austrian ethologist who received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1973 , along with Nikolaas Tinbergen and Konrad Lorenz .
Ornithomimus was a dinosaur that had the ability to run very fast .
The members of the group are ( in order of increasing distance from Jupiter ) :
Saillans is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
OK Go is a rock band originally from Chicago , Illinois , USA , now residing in Los Angeles , California , USA .
He played in 23 Test matches for South Africa and represented Transvaal and Eastern Province at domestic level .
Educated at Ripon Grammar School , a selective grammar school , then the University of Oxford and INSEAD , Hague was first elected to the House of Commons in a by-election in 1989 .
Today , its port still operates and the town remains a popular seaside holiday location .
Fox and Troma 's rights to the film expired in 2004 .
He is best known for his role as Shawn Hunter on the 1990s sitcom Boy Meets World .
Kensington Palace is also used on an unofficial basis by Prince Harry , as well as his cousin Zara Phillips .
Biogas is practically produced as landfill gas ( LFG ) or digester gas .
(/O2006/O) , with Angel Delgadillo , barber and John Lasseter , director .
Concubinage is the state of a woman in an ongoing , usually matrimonially-oriented relationship with a man that can not be married to her , often because of a difference in social status .
Guthrie is a city in and the county seat of Logan County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City Metroplex .
Malaga is a spanish city in Andalucia , in the mediterranean coast , called Costa del Sol ( Sun Coast ) .
Pruning , or erasing ( deleting ) , minor revisions might require modifying Wikipedia policies or enhancing the underlying MediaWiki software .
Superparamagnetism is a form of magnetism , which appear in small ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic nanoparticles .
Language is a term most commonly used to refer to so-called '' natural languages '' -- the spoken and signed forms of communication ubiquitous among humankind .
Lew Ljewitsch '' Leo '' Borchard ( March 31 , 1899 -- August 23 , 1945 ) was a Russian conductor and briefly musical director of the Berlin Philharmonic .
The Partitions of Poland or Partitions of the Polish- Lithuanian Commonwealth took place in the second half of the 18th century and ended the existence of the Polish- Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Scouting , also known as the Scout Movement , is a worldwide youth movement with the stated aim of supporting young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , so that they may play constructive roles in society .
A hair iron or hair tong is a tool used to change the structure of the hair with the help of heat .
In addition to the marble quarries , the city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities .
Besny-et-Loizy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Sodium bromide is an inorganic compound with the formula NaBr .
The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units ( EMU ) were built by BREL York in two batches in 1987 -- 88 and 1990 .
Health of Woodrow Wilson Family In 1885 , he married Ellen Louise Axson , the daughter of a minister from Rome , Georgia .
July 6 -- Monmouth Rebellion -- Battle of Sedgemoor : the armies of King James II of England defeat rebel forces under Monmouth and capture the Duke himself , shortly after the battle .
The first component features tiny hooks ; the second features even smaller and '' hairier '' loops .
Cannon Street station , also known as London Cannon Street , is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex in the City of London , the financial district of London in England .
Other elements of the field of orthography are hyphenation , capitalization , word breaks , emphasis , and punctuation .
North Korea shares land borders with People 's Republic of China and Russia to the north , and borders South Korea along the Korean Demilitarized Zone .
Clive was expelled from three schools , including Market Drayton Grammar School and Merchant Taylors ' School in London .
While a simple scalar treatment of the moment of inertia suffices for many situations , a more advanced tensor treatment allows the analysis of such complicated systems as spinning tops and gyroscopic motion .
The official spelling was Serjeant ( Sjt ) ( still used by The Rifles ) until after the Second World War , although the modern spelling had already been in common use for many years .
Koteshwara , sometimes transcribed Koteshwar , is a village in Indian state of Karnataka .
In the two-act version , Dansker simply tells the others Vere 's nickname , '' Starry Vere , '' and this is enough for the impulsive Billy to swear his loyalty to the unseen captain .
Climate can be contrasted to weather , which is the present condition of these same elements and their variations over periods up to two weeks .
Rozet-Saint-Albin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The tournament was held annually from 1985 to 2002 , with the exception of 1992 , and from 1993 onward the tournament was produced as a pay-per-view event .
Concentric objects share the same center , axis or origin with one inside the other .
To complete the requirements for a Diplom , one must pass the examinations for the Hauptstudium ( main study period ) that follow the Vordiplom , complete one or sometimes more than one Studienarbeit ( study research project ) , and write a Diplomarbeit ( diploma thesis ) .
The leaves are dark glossy green , and the flowers pure yellow , similar to other citrus flowers , borne singly or clustered in the leaf-axils .
By topic Arts and sciences Phaedrus writes his popular collection of fables .
Formed in February 1996 , Spineshank was assembled from the remains of a previous musical endeavor called '' Basic Enigma '' .
On arrival at Port Jackson , half naked convicts were lying without bedding , too ill to move .
The British Rail Class 165 Turbo diesel multiple units ( DMUs ) were built by BREL at York Works from 1990 -- 1992 .
In the Classical era , the double bass typically doubled the cello part an octave below , occasionally requiring descent to C below the E of the four-string double bass .
Crop milk is a secretion from the lining of the crop of parent birds that is regurgitated to young birds .
In their second set of experiments , they labeled the phages with radioactive Sulfur-35 ( Sulfur is present in the amino acids cysteine and methionine , but not in DNA ) .
The version released in the United Kingdom ( on 8 December 1967 ) was a six-track double EP , whilst in the United States , the record ( released 11 days earlier on 27 November 1967 ) was an 11-track LP , created by adding songs from the band 's 1967 singles .
Wimbledon Football Club was an English professional association football club from Wimbledon , south-west London .
The general election took place in 646 constituencies across the United Kingdom , under the first-past-the-post system , for seats in the House of Commons .
x and 3 .
London will become the first city to officially host the modern Olympic Games three times , Athens has also hosted three IOC-organised events , in 1896 , 2004 and the Intercalated Games in 1906 .
Lucerne ( ; , ; , ; , ; ) is a city in north-central Switzerland , in the German-speaking portion of that country .
To the contrary , most report it as a gift- an additional '' hidden '' sense- something they would not want to miss/O. . Most synesthetes become aware of their '' hidden '' and different way of perceiving in their childhood .
Born into a family of Scottish nobility ( her father inherited the Earldom of Strathmore and Kinghorne in 1904 ) , she came to prominence in 1923 when she married Albert , Duke of York , the second son of George V and Queen Mary .
Beinwil am See is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades .
It is a common convention in stud poker to name the betting rounds after the number of cards each player holds when that betting round begins .
In understanding what actually happens in the two-slit experiment it became important to find out what happens when photons are emitted one by one .
Archibald '' Archie '' Macpherson ( b. 1937 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish football commentator and author .
During childbirth , the vagina provides the channel to deliver the infant from the uterus to its independent life outside the body of the mother .
University of Central Oklahoma & ndash ; Edmond , Oklahoma
Funerary customs comprise the complex of beliefs and practices used by a culture to remember the dead , from the funeral itself , to various monuments , prayers , and rituals undertaken in their honor .
is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , taken from her fifth studio album Loud ( 2010 ) . Featuring guest vocals from Canadian rapper Drake , the song was released as the second single from Loud on October 29 , 2010 through Def Jam Recordings ( Universal Music ) .
Bank president John McCloy selected France to be the first recipient of World Bank aid ; two other applications from Poland and Chile were rejected .
Its limpid , globular eyes , which appear red or blue , depending on lighting , are proportionately the largest in the animal kingdom at 2.5 cm ( 1 inch ) in diameter .
wordnet.princeton.edu .
Mischief night or mischievous night is a tradition in northern England , Scotland , Ireland , Canada , and the United States ; a night when the custom is for preteens and teenagers to take a degree of license to play pranks and do mischief to their neighbours .
About half the Comanche population still lives in Oklahoma , centered around the town of Lawton .
Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was selected as a Canada West All-Star in 2004 , and both a Canada West All-Star and First Team All-Canadian in 2006 .
To participate in the match , a wrestler had to first qualify for it by winning a match ; this process began on the February 23 episode of Raw , in which CM Punk qualified by defeating The Miz and John Morrison in a Triple Threat match .
The success of COBE was the outcome of prodigious team work involving more than 1,000 researchers , engineers and other participants .
Mandaeans recognize several prophets .
Capolago was a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland , but is now part of the municipality of Mendrisio .
Earlier , Botticelli had painted an Assumption of the Virgin for Matteo Palmieri in a chapel at San Pietro Maggiore in which , it was rumored , both the patron who dictated the iconic scheme and the painter who painted it , were guilty of unidentified heresy , a delicate requirement in such a subject .
Matthew Robert '' Matt '' Bonner ( born April 5 , 1980 ) is an American professional basketball player , currently with the San Antonio Spurs in the National Basketball Association .
While working on Alias , she gained minor roles in hit movies such as Pearl Harbor (/O2001/O) and Catch Me if You Can (/O2002/O) .
Cartoons '' .
Guarneri is the family name of a group of distinguished luthiers from Cremona in Italy in the 17th and 18th centuries , whose standing is considered comparable to those of the Amati and Stradivari families .
Marques Haynes ( born October 3 , 1926 ) is an American former professional basketball player and member of the Harlem Globetrotters , notable for his remarkable ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders .
Dunkirk ( , ; ; ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
This period spanned the years from 1260 to 1261 .
Dener Pacheco died on March 6 , 2010 , at the age of 27 . He died in Rio de Janeiro due to stomach and lung cancer .
In contrast , a general-purpose computer , such as a personal computer , can do many different tasks depending on programming .
Germanicus Julius Caesar ( 24 May 16 BC . -- 10 October AD 19 ) , commonly known as Germanicus , was a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty and a prominent general of the early Roman Empire .
The state of being a homonym is called homonymy .
In celebration of its centennial in 1963 , the ICRC , together with the League of Red Cross Societies , received its third Nobel Peace Prize .
Since the debut of Doraemon in 1969 , the stories have been selectively collected into forty-five books published from 1974 to 1996 , which had a circulation of over 80 million in 1992 .
Ninan Cuyochi , who was Inca for only a few days in 1527 , is sometimes left off the list of Sapa Incas because news of his death from smallpox arrived in Cusco shortly after he was declared Sapa Inca .
The original Ghostbusters return for the two-episode season finale to celebrate Egon 's 40th birthday , leading to them reluctantly working together with the younger generation to solve one last case .
Derbyshire ( or ) is a county in the East Midlands of England .
ISBN 0-471-37523-3 Randall Hyde : The Art of Assembly Language .
The Republic of the Congo ( ; ; ) , also known as Congo-Brazzaville or the Congo , is a country in Central Africa .
'' It was not read , '' Habicht relates -- '' there is not a single mention of the author , not a single quotation from it , not a whisper before Stephanus Byzantius in the sixth century , and only two or three references to it throughout the Middle Ages '' .
This work was adopted as the sole official song on May 11 , 1813 , three years after the '' May Revolution '' ; May 11 is therefore Anthem Day in Argentina .
On the July 2 episode of Superstars it came to light that Punk had suffered a storyline eye injury .
Since the apostle John , like several other apostles named in the synoptics , is never named in that gospel , the '' beloved disciple '' is assumed to be him .
PV = nRT ,
Lorre demonstrated a gift for comedy in the role of Dr. Einstein in Arsenic and Old Lace ( filmed in 1941 , released 1944 ) .
In 1855 , it became The Melbourne Herald for all of one week before settling on The Herald .
It has also been revealed that the race will be promoted by a public-private company .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters , and perhaps was aided by the skill of handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
Oxford is a city in Franklin County , Idaho , United States .
Later searches with the Hubble Space Telescope in 1993 found no satellites .
Foreign Minister Dick Spring , who was leader of the Labour Party , advised her not to meet Adams , whose party was linked with the Provisional IRA .
He has appeared internationally for Team Canada on three occasions -- the 2001 World Junior Championships , the 2004 Spengler Cup , and the 2006 World Championships .
Physiological are related to the shape of the body .
Tikal prospered with intensive agricultural techniques , which were far more advanced than the slash and burn methods originally theorized by archeologists .
For example , the zeroth law states that if two bodies are in thermal equilibrium with a third body , they are also in thermal equilibrium with each other .
Mont-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
LeftRightLeftRightLeft , released on 15 May 2009 , was to be given away at the remaining concerts of their Viva la Vida tour .
He spent much of his childhood in the polygamous household of his grandfather Orson Smith .
After the big flood in February 1909 , straightening has shortened the river by four kilometers within the Nuremberg city limits .
John Covington Moore was the first white settler in the region .
