However , D- H key exchange did not address the problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person ( or ` entity ' ) .
Although the usurpation of Wang Mang and the Chimei Rebellion are behind him , Emperor Guangwu now faces a new threat to the Han Dynasty : the Rebellion of Gongsun Shu in the Sichuan province .
Donahue is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
Austro-Bavarian is also spoken , especially in the rural areas and the common language of the Land Salzburg .
The risk of spontaneous abortion decreases sharply after the 10th week from the last menstrual period ( LMP ) . One study of 232 pregnant women showed '' virtually complete ( pregnancy loss ) by the end of the embryonic period '' ( 10 weeks LMP ) with a pregnancy loss rate of only 2 percent after 8.5 weeks LMP .
After meeting with George Padmore , he helped organize the Fifth Pan-African Congress in Manchester , England .
The name actinolite is derived from the Greek word aktis ( ) , meaning '' beam '' or '' ray '' , because of the mineral 's fibrous nature .
Current research is primarily aimed at reducing operational noise , particularly the tunnel boom phenomenon caused when trains exit tunnels at high speed .
A superior athlete is one who has above average physical skills ( strength , agility , and endurance ) and is thus more suited for physical competition .
April 11 & ndash ; John Galt , Scottish novelist ( b. 1779 )
Ludwig 's mother , Leopoldine Kalmus , was born to a Jewish father and a Catholic mother , and was an aunt of the Nobel Prize laureate Friedrich von Hayek on her maternal side .
Commentary for '' Marge in Chains '' , in The Simpsons : The Complete Fourth Season [ DVD ] .
She studies the origin of mankind in Africa .
Second generation Clio is still marketed in France as the Clio Campus .
Shorter pitches and smaller goals are used under-12s .
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
The 1972 American version was hosted by Bob Barker from September 1972 to June 2007 ; his last new episode aired on June 15 , 2007 .
In fact , the most extensive brackish water habitats worldwide are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
Travecy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
A clown on stilts comes to his rescue and puts him on his shoulders and they locating his parents .
Ter Hachatrjan were arrested and set in jail .
A shelf is a detail of furniture for storing items .
The text on the tablets were not always curses ; tablets were also used to help the dead .
In case of operating system error or hard disk failure , the PC can be booted to the Acronis Startup Recovery Manager , which returns the system to a previous point in time .
Difficulty swallowing , and loss of tongue mobility follow .
United Kingdom Roe consumed within the UK is generally soft roe as opposed to hard roe .
GNU Parted ( the name being the conjunction of the two words PARTion and EDitor ) is a free partition editor , used for creating , destroying , resizing , checking , and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
No modern species should be described as more '' primitive '' than others , since all have an equally long evolutionary history , but the brains of modern hagfishes , lampreys , sharks , amphibians , reptiles , and mammals show a gradient of size and complexity that roughly follows the evolutionary sequence .
Creative Commons ( CC ) is a non-profit organization headquartered in San Francisco , California , United States devoted to expanding the range of creative works available for others to build upon legally and to share . The organization has released several copyright-licenses known as Creative Commons licenses free of charge to the public .
He was buried in the Westfriedhof ( Western Cemetery ) in Munich .
At first , members included Takahiro Nishijima , Naoya Urata , Shuta Sueyoshi , Shinjiro Atae , Mitsuhiro Hidaka and Misako Uno as the only girl .
Viva la Vida means '' Long live life '' in Spanish .
Former Union of Congolese Patriots leader Thomas Lubanga is accused of training child soldiers to kill , pillage , and rape .
Most of Brithenig 's vocabulary is distinctively Romance , even though it is disguised as Welsh .
This does not refer to any specific mountain or peak , but rather a mountain range within the region of Ararat , which was the name of an ancient proto-Armenian kingdom also known as Urartu .
Olimpia Kutusoff , mate of Cafiero , returned from Russia in September 1883 to assist him in the asylum of Imola .
During the next years Agneta did shows like Gladiatorerna - a Swedish version of The Gladiatiors - and '' Saknad '' , where she fixed people up with lost relatives and parents they had n't met for many years .
A key signature is not the same as a key ; key signatures are merely notational devices .
Moir comes from a skating family .
The Insomniac Museum in both games has the actual layout of the Insomniac Games offices . This is also true for the more recent game Ratchet & Clank Future : A Crack in Time .
The band was nominated for Grammy Awards in three categories : Album of the Year , Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal , and Best Alternative Music Album ( for The Suburbs ) .
In Australia the red fox is an introduced species and a conservation problem .
Cascoplecia , commonly known as the unicorn fly , is a monotypic genus of extinct dipteran that lived in the Early Cretaceous . Its fossil was found in the Burmese amber .
The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders , including Richard Branson , Peter Gabriel , Ray Chambers ; Michael Chambers ; Bridgeway Foundation ; Pam Omidyar , Humanity United ; Amy Robbins ; Shashi Ruia , Dick Tarlow ; and the United Nations Foundation .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
The International Hydrographic Organization ( IHO ) recognizes it as an ocean , although some oceanographers call it the Arctic Mediterranean Sea or simply the Arctic Sea , classifying it as one of the mediterranean seas of the Atlantic Ocean . Alternatively , the Arctic Ocean can be seen as the northernmost part of the all-encompassing World Ocean .
At right is displayed the color raspberry rose .
Scuderia Ferrari 's car for the 2008 season was the Ferrari F2008 .
However , how this biochemical toolkit is used to interpret an organism 's environment varies widely : eyes have a wide range of structures and forms , all of which have evolved quite late relative to the underlying proteins and molecules .
The total number of point-to-point links in a network that is based upon the physical hierarchical topology will be one less than the total number of nodes in the network .
Manasseh is recorded in the Bible as one of the most idolatrous kings of Judah . Chronicles , but not Kings , records that Manasseh was taken captive by the Assyrians .
One of them is a fortification named Fort Adelaide or La Citadelle , built by the British in 1835 .
The song was also more popular than previous singles on more adult-oriented radio stations and charts .
She was very confident , she showed up shook hands with everybody , totally sweet and perky .
The word comes from the Belgian town Spa .
Ovando 's plan was to develop the West Indies economically and thereby expand Spanish political , religious , and administrative influence in the region .
Tamil Nadu also has a well developed stage theater tradition , which has been heavily influenced by western theatre .
Thou sittest at the right hand of God : in the glory of the Father .
For the simple electric dipole given above , the electric dipole moment points from the negative charge towards the positive charge , and has a magnitude equal to the strength of each charge times the separation between the charges .
Tin ( II ) sulfide is a brown solid , insoluble in water , but soluble in concentrated hydrochloric acid . Tin ( II ) sulfide is insoluble in ( NH4 ) 2S .
Manuel took up arms against Varazdat and forced him to flee from Armenia in 378 , after four years of reign .
The hurricane moved across Florida , and remained inland over Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina .
Mormons now make up about 34 % - 41 % of Salt Lake City , while rural areas tend to be overwhelmingly Mormon .
Somerset ( or ) is a county in South West England .
The Soviets hung large red banners across it to prevent him looking into the East .
This is in part because the Royal and Ancient Golf Club , founded in 1754 , exercises legislative authority over the game worldwide ( except in the United States and Mexico ) , and also because the famous links ( acquired by the town in 1894 ) is the most frequent venue for The Open Championship , the oldest of golf 's four major championships .
In astronomy , the recording of the Alfonsine tables is completed .
This sense is mediated by specialized sensory cells of the nasal cavity of vertebrates , and , by analogy , sensory cells of the antennae of invertebrates .
The following are well-known earlier members :
Central North Pacific Ocean - RSMC Honolulu Central Pacific Hurricane Center ( Honolulu , Hawaii , USA )
S\/2006 S 3 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Bandovic had also taken control of the team temporarily before Zico 's arrival as a caretaker coach after Temuri Ketsbaia 's dismissal .
Applications Recently , there has been interest in DPC as a possible solution to optimize the efficiency of wireless networks , in particular multiuser MIMO networks and into an interference aware coding technique for dynamic wireless networks .
The geologist Preston Cloud coined the term in 1972 , originally to label the period before the earliest-known rocks .
Pistoia 's most splendid age began in 1177 when it proclaimed itself a free commune : in the following years it became an important political centre , erecting walls and several public and religious buildings .
The long-beaked echidnas make up one of the two genera ( Genus Zaglossus ) of echidnas , spiny monotremes that lives in New Guinea .
After the match , both men shook hands in the ring .
Four years later Simone recorded Fodder On My Wings on a French label .
Published in 1937 , it tells the tragic story of George Milton and Lennie Small , two displaced migrant ranch workers during the Great Depression in California .
The Ottomans introduced central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
It is generally regarded as the Japanese equivalent to league cup competitions played in many countries such as the Football League Cup in England .
Baia Mare ( ; ; ; , Banya ) is a municipality in northwestern Romania and the seat of Maramure County .
The police closed the Eveleigh Street entrance to the station but the crowd had turned violent and began to throw bottles , bricks , used fireworks as missiles and Molotov cocktails .
Dreadlocks are the characteristic hairstyle of Rastafarians .
The New Musical Express ( better known as the NME ) is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom that has been published weekly since March 1952 .
It is played with an oval-shaped ball on a field up to long and wide with H-shaped goal posts on each goal line .
Karl Jochen Rindt ( April 18 , 1942 Mainz , Germany - September 5 , 1970 Monza , Italy ) was a German racing driver who represented Austria during his career .
Brassicaceae or Cruciferae , also known as the crucifers , the mustard family or cabbage family is a family of flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) .
Cantor ( church ) , an ecclesiastical officer leading liturgical music in several branches of the Christian church
Nausea or '' morning sickness '' is a common symptom of pregnancy .
Under pressure from King Philip , Pope Clement V disbanded the Order in 1312 .
She won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1996 for her role as Marge Gunderson in Fargo .
Its county seat is Newland .
It was issued in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in May 1840 , and was essentially the same format as the Penny Black .
In 1771 , Dr. John Rippon became pastor and served for 63 years .
Juglans ( Walnut )
Stamp collecting is not the same as philately , which is the study of stamps .
Interstate 79 ( abbreviated I-79 ) is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States , designated from Interstate 77 in Charleston , West Virginia to Pennsylvania Route 5 and Pennsylvania Route 290 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Syrian Americans are also numerous in Southern California ( i.e. the Los Angeles and San Diego areas ) and Arizona , many are descendants of farm laborers invited with their farm skills to irrigate the deserts in the early 20th century . .
A middle distance runner , Coe won four Olympic medals , including the 1500 metres gold medal at the Olympic Games in 1980 and 1984 , and set eight outdoor and three indoor world records in middle distance track events ( and also participated in a world record relay ) .
Weathering occurs in situ , or '' with no movement '' , and thus should not be confused with erosion , which involves the movement of rocks and minerals by agents such as water , ice , wind , and gravity .
Dr John Milford Rutter CBE ( born ) is a British composer , conductor , editor , arranger and record producer , mainly of choral music .
Lesbois is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
His reputation was established as head coach of the Chicago Bulls from 1989 through 1998 ; during his tenure , Chicago won six NBA titles . His next team , the Los Angeles Lakers , won five NBA titles from 2000 to 2010 .
Responsibilities such as relief of the poor passed from the Lord of the Manor to the church , although in practice it was administered by monasteries .
The alternatives to nuclear power , efficient energy use and renewable energy ( especially wind power ) , have been further developed and commercialised .
Trey 's fourth studio album , Passion , Pain & Pleasure , was released on September 14 , 2010 .
Active Directory services could only be installed on a Windows 2000 Server , Advanced Server , or Datacenter Server computer , and can not be installed on a Windows 2000 Professional computer .
Die Hard is a 1988 American action film and the first in the Die Hard film series .
Rosel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It can be formulated as CoIICoIII2O4 or CoO .
Formal languages are often used as the basis for richer constructs endowed with semantics .
Interstate 8 ( I-8 ) is an Interstate Highway in the southwestern United States . It runs from the southern edge of Mission Bay at Sunset Cliffs Blvd , in San Diego , California , almost at the Pacific Ocean , to the junction with Interstate 10 , just southeast of Casa Grande , Arizona .
He is best known for his 2005 album Illinois , which hit number one in the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart , and for the song '' Chicago '' .
In the UK , similar to a sizable percentage of public companies in the US , the chair ( person ) ( of the board ) in public companies is more senior than the chief executive ( who is usually known as the managing director ) .
Under most interpretations of Islamic law , non-Muslims may be allowed into mosques , as long as they do not sleep or eat there .
Originally a talk given March 6 , 1927 at Battersea Town Hall , under the auspices of the South London Branch of the National Secular Society , it was published that year as a pamphlet and was later published , with other essays , in the book , Why I Am Not a Christian : And Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects ( ISBN 0-671-20323-1 ) .
There is a bell in the National Museum of Ireland that was made around the time of Saint Partick 's life .
The sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroids conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
Such bunkers give the defending soldiers better protection than the open trench and also include top protection against aerial attack ( grenades , mortar shells ) .
Desmond Michael '' Des '' Lynam , OBENew Year Honours List 2008 ( born 17 September 1942 , Ennis , County Clare , Ireland ) is an Irish-born presenter on British television and radio .
As of 2011 , it had over 84 million views , over 1.5 million comments , and over 1.6 million '' dislikes '' from YouTube users .
A poorly-built amphitheatre in Fidenae collapses , killing 20,000 of the 50,000 spectators .
Any website that claims Giotto was placed in charge of the decoration of the Upper Church or was selected as the '' most suitable '' artist for its decoration is making a claim based on lack of evidence .
The cave was first explored on December 18 , 1994 by a group of three speleologists : Eliette Brunel-Deschamps , Christian Hillaire , and Jean-Marie Chauvet , for whom it was named .
While bread can be made from all-purpose wheat flour , for quality bread a specialty bread flour , containing more protein , is recommended .
Thunder Bridge or Thunderbridge is a hamlet and neighborhood on Thunder Bridge Dike , in the civil parish of Kirkburton , in Kirklees , West Yorkshire England . It is situated on the A629 road and Stocksmoor railway station is nearby .
Four singles were released from the album : '' One Step Closer '' , '' Papercut '' , the Grammy Award-winning '' Crawling '' and '' In the End '' , the latter which was responsible for launching Linkin Park into mainstream popularity .
In the 16th century ( between 1535 and 1598 ) , it was explored by French pirates in search for brazilwood .
It was founded in 1788 and originally comprised much of the Australian mainland , as well as Lord Howe Island and Norfolk Island .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
She is best known for her role as Ruthie Camden on The WB 's long-running 7th Heaven .
Lee later performed a duet with her then-boyfriend Shaun Morgan on the track '' Broken '' for Seether 's 2004 album Disclaimer II .
num_employees = 55,000
The University of Missouri ( Mizzou , MU , University of Missouri- Columbia or simply Missouri ) is a public research university located in the state of Missouri . In 1839 the university was founded in Columbia , Missouri , as the first public institution of higher education west of the Mississippi River .
On the southern side of the island , Saline is a pristine beach with no development .
April 5 & ndash ; The founding charter of the British Museum is enacted .
Linzeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lieutenant Gillette Lieutenant Gillette , played by Damian O'Hare , is Commodore James Norrington 's Flag-Lieutenant in Port Royal .
CW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) -- with Luis Ortiz
Jay Leno returned to The Tonight Show following NBC 's coverage of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games .
Hamida Djandoubi , convicted for torture and murder , is the last person to be executed by guillotine in France .
The history of the region is influenced by the city of Leipzig .
It is the fifth book in the Redwall series .
White supremacy is the belief that white people are superior to people of other racial backgrounds .
It was the only U.S. combination carrier ( passenger and cargo service ) operating dedicated freighters .
It was their first album released in the United States , preceding the US version of The Clash .
The population density in Buenos Aires proper was 13,680 inhabitants per square kilometer ( 34,800 per mi2 ) , but only about 2,400 per km2 ( 6,100 per mi2 ) in the suburbs .
Methodology The United States Census counts most persons residing in the United States including citizens , non-citizen permanent residents , non-citizen long-term visitors , and illegal aliens .
Prototype Kingsway trolleybus no. 1379 , with exits on both sides with folding doors , was constructed for feasibility tests through the subway , but these were unsuccessful as trolleybuses would have had to run on battery power through the subway , headroom restrictions making it impossible to use overhead current collection .
Kyohei Noda is a professional footballer for F.C. Gifu in Japan 's J. League Division 2 .
Bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .
The worldwide production of soda ash in 2005 has been estimated at 42 billion kilograms ( 92 billion pounds ) , Kostick , Dennis (/O2006/O) .
Observation is either an activity of a living being ( such as a human ) , consisting of receiving knowledge of the outside world through the senses , or the recording of data using scientific instrument .
Year 1688 ( MDCLXXXVIII ) was a leap year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Sunday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
In legal writing , a company or organization has offices in any place that it has an official presence , even if that presence consists of , for example , a storage silo rather than an office .
Increased understanding and use of fertilizers were important parts of the pre-industrial British Agricultural Revolution and the industrial green revolution of the 20th century .
The Cro-Magnon ( , French ) were the first early modern humans ( early Homo sapiens sapiens ) of the European Upper Paleolithic .
( , ) is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
Year 1337 was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The shoulder is where the head mounts onto the haft , and this is either a long oval or rectangular cross-section of the haft that 's secured to the axe head with small metal or wooden wedges .
Combining their efforts , Ratchet and Clank learn that Drek has developed a weapon called the '' Deplanetizer '' .
Superfamily Platanistoidea
His/her role , however , is limited as merely a co-op player , and unlike some games , such as Gears of War , Knight is not critical to the single player campaign 's story , as elaborated on the Eurogamer review .
The family lived in refugee camps until 1957 , when they settled in Ludwigsburg .
The total area is 47.10 km , giving a population density of 255 inhabitants per km .
Sauropodomorpha is one of the two major clades within the order Saurischia .
In December 2005 Firhill also became the home of Glasgow 's professional rugby union team , Glasgow Warriors , when they moved from their previous base at Hughenden Stadium .
In 2005 , she won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese 's The Aviator .
Muhen is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Teufenthal is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
On August 9 , 2008 , Metallica debuted the first album track , '' Cyanide '' , at Ozzfest , in Dallas , Texas and was performed again on August 20 , 2008 in Dublin , Ireland.LiveMetallica.com Download Metallica August 20 , 2008 , Marlay Park , Dublin , IRL MP3 FLAC On August 22 , 2008 at the Leeds Festival , they debuted the first single , '' The Day That Never Comes .
The current Governor-General and the first female to hold the role is Quentin Bryce .
Morrissey was born at Park Hospital ( now known as Trafford General Hospital ) in Davyhulme , Lancashire , to Irish Catholic immigrants .
The financial and critical success of the event motivated WWE to organize a second One Night Stand the following year .
He ended up smoking after a long abstinence .
It provides local , suburban and express services from Liverpool Street station in the City of London to destinations in the railway franchise known as the Greater Anglia network , stretching from north and east Greater London to Essex , Hertfordshire , Cambridgeshire , Suffolk and Norfolk in the East of England ( East Anglia ) .
A funnel cloud is quite noticeable as it passes overhead aloft .
Dragonflies possess six legs ( like any other insect ) , but most of them can not walk well .
In the modern world , common means of payment by an individual include money , cheque , debit , credit , or bank transfer , and in trade such payments are frequently preceded by an invoice or result in a receipt .
Hakluyt is principally remembered for his efforts in promoting and supporting the settlement of North America by the English through his writings .
Mika Matti Petteri '' Mixu '' Paatelainen ( born 3 February 1967 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish football player and manager .
Eric Patrick Clapton was born in Ripley , Surrey , England , the son of 16 year old Patricia Molly Clapton ( b. 7 January 1929 ) and Edward Walter Fryer ( 21 March 1920 - 15 May 1985 ) , a 24-year-old soldier from Montreal , Quebec . Fryer shipped off to war prior to Clapton 's birth and then returned to Canada .
The tropical depression remained disorganized initially , until August 18 when it intensified into Tropical Storm Chris after an increase in convection . Six hours after reaching tropical storm status , Chris quickly weakened to tropical depression status due to an increase in wind shear .
A polyphyletic ( Greek for '' of many races '' ) group is one whose members ' last common ancestor is not a member of the group .
Today , the two main British Chapels Royal are located in or near St. James 's Palace in London : the Chapel Royal and the Queen 's Chapel ; since such establishments are outside the usual diocesan structure , they are known in the UK as royal peculiars .
At birth , Buell claimed that rock star Todd Rundgren was Tyler 's biological father .
'' Perfect Is n't Easy '' - Georgette
Scholars debate whether the Victorian period- as defined by a variety of sensibilities and political concerns that have come to be associated with the Victorians- actually begins with the passage of Reform Act 1832 .
It is also known as the Pineapple Island because of its past as an island-wide pineapple plantation .
However , Kirby 's trademark '' copy '' ability would not appear until Kirby 's Adventure , released less than one year later .
In 1977 , the State of Mato Grosso was split into two , and Campo Grande became the capital of the new state of Mato Grosso do Sul , comprising the southern portion of the former state .
A way of representing six-bit characters as raised dots in a Braille cell .
Indeed , Warner was named the starter on August 30 , 2008 .
It is also used to visualize a fetus during routine and emergency prenatal care .
Defenseman Ted Harris was the North Stars captain .
Beauregard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Hornsby is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
Horse the Band is a band from Lake Forest , California who are best known for their 8-bit Nintendo-influenced sound combined with metalcore .
John Henry Hoeven III ( born March 13 , 1957 ) , is the current Governor of North Dakota and a member of the North Dakota Republican Party .
There also exist planets that orbit brown dwarfs and free floating planets that orbit the galaxy directly just as the stars do - it is unclear if either type should be labeled as a '' planet '' .
The account that he gave in his first autobiography , accepted for several years , is that he was a Sherpa born and brought up in Tengboche , Khumbu in northeastern Nepal .
He is also the author of both fiction and non-fiction writings .
It was a 9.7 % increase from the 2000 census .
Austen 's novels quickly became fashionable among opinion-makers , namely , those aristocrats who often dictated fashion and taste .
The president remarked , '' This is pilot error .
The fortified town was built in 1222 by the Count of Toulouse , a Cathar heretic , and is now a popular tourist spot .
Wealthy private clients sought Rodin 's work after his World 's Fair exhibit , and he kept company with a variety of high-profile intellectuals and artists .
It can be compared to Bachelor 's and Master 's degrees in other countries .
Mathematicians often use the term '' proof by induction '' as shorthand for a proof by mathematical induction .
Van Diemen 's Land from the earliest times to 1855Melbourne , Oxford University Press .
It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LLC , a company headed in Miami with office in Israel , and there is also another separate manufacturer for the cornershot in France called OMEGA-Cornershot .
He continued to refine his designs ; the most elaborate message he helped to develop and assemble was the Voyager Golden Record that was sent out with the Voyager space probes in 1977 .
Oliver Cromwell , the Parliamentarian leader who overthrew the monarchy during the English Civil War , was a descendant of Thomas Cromwell 's sister , Katherine Cromwell ( born circa 1482 ) .
Bornem ( old spelling : Bornhem ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Crackers are often pulled before or after Christmas dinner or at parties .
External references External links Obituary in the Daily Telegraph , 26 January 2008 .
History The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and exceptionally hot springs .
Dunkirk ( , ; ; ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Computer security is a branch of computer technology known as information security as applied to computers and networks .
The penal settlement of Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction , as in most of the state , tourism is a major industry .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
The larvae ( caterpillars ) of a few of these species , such as Pieris brassicae and Pieris rapae , commonly seen in gardens , feed on brassicas , and are notorious agricultural pests .
As a young adult she took an interest in mathematics , and in particular Babbage 's work on the analytical engine .
In the 1790s , American Revolutionary War veterans and settlers from the original states moved there in response to federal government land grants .
The city is located at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River , and has a deepwater port connected to the San Francisco Bay by a channel through the Sacramento River Delta .
In addition to affiliate stations on AM/FM radio , ESPN Radio 's game broadcasts are carried as part of XM Satellite Radio 's MLB coverage .
Bismuth sulfide , ( ( Bismuth ( III ) sulfide ) ) , occurs naturally in bismuth ores .
Early on the development of Navi Trackers , it was decided that it would include a speech navigation system that talks and advises the player during mini-games .
Sea cucumbers are echinoderms from the class Holothuroidea .
The Instrument of Surrender was signed at Ramna Race Course in Dhaka at 16.31 IST on December 16 , 1971 , by Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora , General Officer Commanding in Chief of Eastern Command of the Indian Army and Lieutenant General Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi , Commander of Pakistani forces in Bangladesh , as the formal act of surrender of all Pakistani forces in erstwhile East Pakistan .
It is an Iranian language and as such a member of the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family .
The body can not manufacture some of the amino acids ( termed essential amino acids ) ; the diet must supply these .
The public libraries in Erie are part of the Erie County library system .
By Topic Religion Baptism of Kievan Rus ' : Vladimir I , Prince of Kiev marries Anna , sister of Byzantine emperor Basil II and converts to Christianity .
Different forms of white supremacy have different conceptions of who is considered white , and not all white supremacist organizations agree on who is their greatest enemy .
Cid ( Sidney ) Corman ( June 29 , 1924 -- March 12 , 2004 ) was an American poet , translator and editor , most notably of Origin , who was a key figure in the history of American poetry in the second half of the 20th century .
Biography He was born in Schwanenstadt , Austria , the son of a sacristan and teacher .
'' Bottletree '' redirects here .
Located beside the river Rhine , Speyer is 25 km south of Ludwigshafen and Mannheim .
Jonathan Mortimer Smith ( born January 27 , 1971 ) , better known by his stage name Lil ' Jon , is a music producer , rapper and occasional disc jockey who was a member of the group Lil ' Jon & The East Side Boyz .
Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie , Western Australia and lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at seven .
O'Connor was voted # 3 of the most intriguing people in 1996 , # 2 in 1997 , and one of the most beautiful people of 1997 , by People Online .
After German reunification on 3 October 1990 , she became a member of the Bundestag and , as other leading members of the last GDR government , was also appointed to the Federal Minister for Special Affairs in Chancellor Helmut Kohl 's cabinet .
The term was coined in the eighteenth century by the Edo period Japanese cultural scholar Motoori Norinaga , and was originally a concept used in his literary criticism of The Tale of Genji , and later applied to other seminal Japanese works including the Man ` y sh , becoming central to his philosophy of literature , and eventually to Japanese cultural tradition .
The XVII Commonwealth Games was the largest multi-sport event ever to be held in the UK , eclipsing London 's 1948 Summer Olympics in numbers of teams and athletes participating .
Nyssa is a fictional character played by Sarah Sutton in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who originating from the planet Traken .
They are sometimes called Acomyinae , particularly in references that predate the discovery that the link rat , Deomys ferugineus , is part of the clade .
The buildings of Bodie , the best-known ghost town in California , date from the 1870s and later , well after the end of the Gold Rush .
He played part of the 2005 season and all of the 2006 season for ALO 's Hokuriku of the Japan Football League in Japan , before moving to the United States in 2007 to play with Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USL Second Division .
The '' strongest , political rationale '' for democratic schools is that they teach '' the virtues of democratic deliberation for the sake of future citizenship .
It has a great observation deck that is only open to parishioners on Sundays .
The British annexed Surat in 1800 .
Of these fields , costume especially has become so linked in the public eye with the term '' fashion '' that the more general term '' costume '' has mostly been relegated to only mean fancy dress or masquerade wear , while the term '' fashion '' means clothing generally , and the study of it .
The Sons of Mannus , Istvaeones , Irminones , and Ingvaeones are collectively called West Germanic tribes .
The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous .
Gordy and Robinson had a synergistic relationship , with Robinson providing a foundation for Motown 's hit-making success and Gordy acting as a mentor for the budding singer and songwriter .
Storms were named Alex , Lisa , Mitch , and Nicole for the first time in 1998 .
Progress Report , December 1 , 1992 -- November 30 , 1993 '' , Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , United States Department of Energy , ( December 1993 ) .
The county seat is Red Bluff .
The seeds are released from their woody capsules ( gumnuts ) by heat and for successful germination the seedlings require a high level of light , much more than reaches the forest floor when there is a mature tree canopy .
He made his international debut in 2000 against England at Faisalabad .
It is frequently applied to living organisms , and particularly to humans .
It allows revisions to be reverted more quickly and efficiently than through normal editing .
From there they menace the humans in Midgard and the gods in Asgard ( from whom they are separated by the river Ifing ) .
He was initially reluctant to embrace Ike as his brother upon learning that Ike was adopted , but Ike 's genuine affection for his older brother persuaded Kyle to love him in return , and regard him as '' true family '' .
As early as the late 1960s , Balukas was performing exhibition matches with some of the top male players of the era , including Willie Mosconi and Irving Crane , who were together considered between 1941 and 1956 the '' best in the world , flat out '' .
Youngstown is a village in Niagara County , New York , USA .
He explained natural processes in reference to the rarefactions and condensations of this primary substance .
Jim Charade left the organization in 1966 and briefly returned in 1970 and 1993 through 1996 .
It is on the banks of the Lachlan River .
Constantine '' Cus '' D'Amato ( January 17 , 1908 & ndash ; November 4 , 1985 ) was an American boxing manager and trainer who handled the careers of Floyd Patterson , José Torres , and Mike Tyson .
The action begins ; the people speak , feel , and act ; everything that is said , felt , or done tends towards the entanglement or disentanglement of the plot ; and we are almost made actors as well as spectators of the little drama . ''
The term is sometimes applied to country houses which belonged to gentry families , as well as to grand stately homes , particularly as a technical term for minor late medieval fortified country houses intended more for show than for defense .
Charles began his career with West Ham United and finished it in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Weeki Wachee is a city located in Hernando County , Florida , United States .
Bowser 's first appearance was in Super Mario Bros. as the main villain who kidnaps Princess Peach and as the final boss with several false versions of him appearing as lesser bosses , usually requiring the player to cut the bridge he stands on with an axe , or shooting him with the fire flower , in order for him to be defeated .
The cultivation of loving-kindness ( mett bh van ) is a popular form of meditation in Buddhism .
Ancient Greek is the historical stage in the development of the Greek language spanning the Archaic ( c. 9th -- 6th centuries BC ) , Classical ( c. 5th -- 4th centuries BC ) , and Hellenistic ( c. 3rd century BC -- 6th century AD ) periods of ancient Greece and the ancient world .
Bast was a goddess of the sun throughout most of Ancient Egyptian history , but later when she was changed into a cat goddess rather than a lioness , she was changed to a goddess of the moon by Greeks occupying Ancient Egypt toward the end of its civilization .
North-East England is one of the nine official regions of England and comprises the combined area of Northumberland , County Durham , Tyne and Wear , and Tees Valley .
This has occurred on several occasions , most notably the surrender by South Australia to the Commonwealth of the Northern Territory .
The hind wing is yellow-orange in males and white in females .
The album was one of the few Blink-182 productions released with the band name as Blink .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences -- the American Football Conference ( AFC ) and National Football Conference ( NFC ) , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , making each conference have 16 teams .
An adviser to Kamehameha noted that the Union Flag could draw Hawaii into international conflict as his kingdom could be seen as an ally of the United Kingdom , and he subsequently lowered the Union Flag over his home .
She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared on her own reality show , Totally Jodie Marsh .
It is built on the site of the medieval Steelyard , the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League .
Chambry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Only since 2008 research has begun to become more specific in an area of two square kilometers .
The balalaika family of instruments includes , from the highest-pitched to the lowest , the prima balalaika , secunda balalaika , alto balalaika , bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika .
After Cassady 's marriage to LuAnne Henderson was annulled , Cassady married Carolyn Robinson on April 1 , 1948 .
Kim Hyun-Seok ( born May 5 , 1967 ) is a former South Korean football Striker .
In 2004 , after their PMC failed to gain a strong foothold , An Cafe released their first demos and signed a record deal with Loop Ash .
Source code is written in a programming language that usually follows one of two main paradigms : imperative or declarative programming .
The Transit has been the best-selling light commercial vehicle in Europe for 40 years , and in some countries the term '' Transit '' has passed into common usage as a generic term applying to any light commercial van in the Transit 's size bracket .
He only lost one amateur fight and won the 1949 Intercity Golden Gloves championship in the heavyweight division .
Folds receive high marks for playfulness , affection , and grooming , and are often intelligent , loyal , softspoken , and adaptable to home situations , people and children .
Carson was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter .
Augsburg is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
He was defeated for re-election in 1878 , but was elected to the governorship a year later , serving two two-year terms between 1880 and 1884 .
In geometry , the parallel postulate , also called Euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid 's Elements , is a distinctive axiom in Euclidean geometry .
Battle of Castagnaro between the Italian cities of Verona and Padua : Padua , led by John Hawkwood , is victorious over Giovanni Ordelaffi of Verona .
On August 2 , 2006 , Exalead launched the beta version of its new interface , which is the default interface since the middle of October 2006 .
In 1996 , Cohen was ordained as a Rinzai Zen Buddhist monk and took the Dharma name Jikan , meaning '' silence '' .
They raise the Alien queen and collect her eggs for further use .
Fluorescence intensity detection has developed very broadly in the microplate format over the last two decades .
The first No Way Out was originally produced as an In Your House event for World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) , the former name of WWE . The In Your House event was titled No Way Out of Texas : In Your House , named after the location of the venue , Houston , Texas .
To do this , add their titles to the list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version 's license notice .
Cook was born in the village of Marton in Yorkshire , now a suburb of Middlesbrough .
A sawmill is a facility where logs are cut into boards .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the provisional designation .
Also in 1999 , he ranked number 44 on the Sporting News list of the 100 Greatest Baseball Players , and was elected to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team as the top vote-getter among second basemen .
Alternative dance
'' Venus of Willendorf '' is part of the collection of the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna .
Handel was born in Germany in the same year as Johann Sebastian Bach and Domenico Scarlatti .
Alvin Miller , who is the seventh son of a seventh son , discovers that his knack far surpasses those of everyone else .
Melina joined the independent professional wrestling circuit before joining WWE in 2004 .
There are different grades and surface finishes of stainless steel to suit the environment the alloy must endure .
Machines with different microarchitectures may have the same instruction set architecture , and thus be capable of executing the same programs .
Retrieved on May 25 , 2008 .
In Greek mythology , Prometheus ( , '' forethought '' ) The ancient Greek derivation of Prometheus from the Greek pro ( before ) + manthano ( learn ) , thus '' forethought '' , which engendered a contrasting brother Epimetheus , was a folk etymology ; it is succinctly expressed in Servius ' commentary on Virgil , Eclogue 6.42 : '' Prometheus vir prudentissimus fuit , unde etiam Prometheus dictus est , id est a providentia . ''
NASA 's Venus In-Situ Explorer mission to Venus ( part of the New Frontiers program ) .
He is famous for his intensely expressive madrigals , which use a chromatic language not heard again until the 19th century , and also for committing what are amongst the most notorious murders in musical history .
In that case , it is used as a catalyst to speed up a chemical reaction .
While there is no theorem relating Reynolds number to turbulence , flows with high Reynolds numbers usually become turbulent , while those with low Reynolds numbers usually remain laminar .
Nuts are an important source of nutrients for both humans and wildlife .
The trio performed at Wacken Open Air in August 1999 , revealing their newest album Welcome to the Other Side .
Scotsport was a Scottish sports television program , broadcast on STV in northern and central Scotland , as well as on Border Television in southern Scotland .
They are called crab spiders because they resemble crabs , with two front pairs of legs angled outward and bodies that are flattened and often angular .
The native language of the Aymara is also named Aymara ; in addition , many Aymara speak Spanish , which is the dominant language of the countries in which they live , as a second language .
Hamo Beknazarian ( May 19 , 1891 -- April 27 , 1965 ) , also known as Hamo Bek Nazarov or Amo Bek-Nazarian , was an Armenian film director .
He returned in 1910 with his sons , establishing a quarry on the flanks of Fossil Ridge .
Rang-du-Fliers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Malcolm in the Middle is an American comedy television series created by Linwood Boomer for the Fox Network . The series was first broadcast on January 9 , 2000 , and ended its six-and-a-half-year run on May 14 , 2006 , after seven seasons and 151 episodes .
Lesdins is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
They are signed to the London-based Moshi Moshi Records and released their debut album Drop It 'Til It Pops in October 2006 .
He served in the Freikorps during the German Revolution 1918-1919 .
The Iroquois League has also been known as the Iroquois Confederacy .
Hornsby is located 25 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district and is the administrative center of the local government area of Hornsby Shire .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church , the term is used to refer to Christian churches not belonging to the Eastern Orthodox communion and holding doctrines different from those of Orthodox Christianity .
A common feature in mosques is the minaret , the tall , slender tower that usually is situated at one of the corners of the mosque structure .
Post-traumatic stress disorder , a long-term complication of acute stress reaction
He is widely considered to be one of the greatest NFL quarterbacks of all time .
Her daughter Caroline of Brunswick was the Queen consort of George IV .
The Philharmonia is an orchestra based in London .
Louise 's father , Prince Albert , died at Windsor on 14 December 1861 .
Ten subspecies of the Alpine Newt are recognized ( some only with neotenic forms ) .
The town itself is administratively subdivided into two Union Councils .
Hiroshi Ninomiya ( born February 13 , 1937 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
Whether groups such as the Elkasaites , the Mughtasila , the Nasoraeans , and the Dositheans can be identified with the Mandaeans or one another is a difficult question .
The legend of the monster may have been inspired by the true story of the Ogilvies .
Pitches can be labeled using letters , as in Helmholtz pitch notation , using a combination of letters and numbers , as in scientific pitch notation , or by a number representing frequency .
Nowadays , liqueurs are made worldwide and are served in many ways : by themselves , poured over ice , with coffee , mixed with cream or other mixers to create cocktails , etc. .
The last HTML specification published by the W3C is the HTML 4.01 Recommendation , published in late 1999 .
-- 15 March 1917
The original 1988 release featured the same songs , but with the instrumental cues placed in between the songs in the order in which they appeared in the film .
However , some temples are dedicated to several deities , and some have symbols instead of a murti .
Sallagriffon is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Linspire Moves from Debian to Ubuntu LinuxElectrons Linspire was published by Linspire , Inc. and focused on ease-of-use , targeting home PC users .
In 1842 she and Emily travelled to Brussels to enroll in a boarding school run by Constantin Heger ( 1809 1896 ) and his wife Claire Zoé Parent Heger ( 1814 1891 ) .
Sid Vicious ( born John Simon Ritchie [ ] ; 10 May 1957 -- 2 February 1979 ) was an English musician best known as the bassist of the influential punk rock group Sex Pistols .
Despite this , the Eastern Roman\/Byzantine armies continued to be influenced by the earlier Roman legions , and were maintained with similar level of discipline , strategic prowess , and organization .
He was a member of the NHL All-Star Team in 1944 .
Gaelic is mostly spoken in the Western Isles , where a large number of people still speak it ; however , nationally its use is confined to just 1 % of the population .
University of Oklahoma & ndash ; Norman , Oklahoma
He never knew his father , Hussein ` Abid al-Majid , who disappeared six months before Saddam was born .
Fedora Core 6 was released on October 24 , 2006 , codenamed Zod .
Opera 4.0 , released in 2000 , included a new cross-platform core that facilitated creation of editions of Opera for multiple operating systems and platforms .
For example , all carbon atoms contain 6 protons in their nucleus ; so the atomic number '' Z '' of carbon is 6 . Carbon atoms may have different numbers of neutrons ; atoms of the same element having different numbers of neutrons are known as isotopes of the element .
December 30 & ndash ; Jakob Fugger , German banker ( b. 1459 )
Later , Pushkin and his wife Natalya Goncharova , whom he married in 1831 , became regulars of court society .
More modern louver windows comprise slats of glass , opened and closed with a metal lever , or they may be shutters of wood , plastic or other material .
Wikio is a European search engine for news and blogs .
He currently wrestles on the SmackDown brand of World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Finlay .
It was founded in 1759 as Simsky Zavod ( , lit .
The Betty Cook Center , established and run by Florida State College at Jacksonville , offers classes for a variety of post-secondary degrees .
Rage are a German heavy metal band , formed in 1984 .
KLM 's headquarters are in Amstelveen near its hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Other major international events held in Australia include the Grand Slam Australian Open tennis tournament , international cricket matches , and the Formula One Australian Grand Prix .
A.K.A. , AKA , a.k.a. , aka , or a\/k\/a may refer to :
Today , Canterbury has two railway stations , Canterbury West and Canterbury East , both operated by Southeastern .
He was first elected as a delegate to the 1971 Constitutional Convention , then was arrested when martial law was declared by President Ferdinand Marcos .
It is one of the most isolated towns in the state of Victoria , 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and 523 k from Melbourne .
In 1987 the University of Kent at Canterbury awarded an honorary degree to Postgate , who stated that the degree was really intended for Bagpuss , who was subsequently displayed in academic dress .
According to Dunst , however , neighbours would never readily accept them and the newcomers were accused of not understanding '' the Christiania lifestyle '' .
The great flood in the river Periyar in what is now Kerala India which lead to the river changing its course , closing of the Kodungalloor ( Muziris ) harbor , opening up of Cochin ( Kochi ) harbor submersion of some islands and birth of some new islands .
Please see for how to request CheckUser intervention .
The two main classes of sound recording technology are analog recording and digital recording .
In European culture , skirts are usually considered women 's clothing .
The strongest Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico since Hurricane Kenna of 2002 , Lane developed on September 13 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico .
The Vancouver Grizzlies were a National Basketball Association ( NBA ) team based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The FIBA World Championship is a world basketball tournament for men 's national teams held quadrennially by the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) .
The first recorded use of amaranth purple as a color name in English was in 1912 .
Lowell is a city in Benton County , Arkansas , in the United States .
Da nos pan nostre quotidian hodie , e pardona a nos nostre debitas como nos pardona los a nostre debitores , e non duce nos in tentation , sed libera nos del mal .
Cannes ( , in Occitan Canas ) is one of the best-known cities of the French Riviera , a busy tourist destination and host of the annual Cannes Film Festival . It is a Communes of France in the Alpes-Maritimes department .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,692 .
Rolling stock Six variations of Electric Multiple Unit rolling stock operate on the MTR network .
The Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States , serving as deputy to the President 's National Security Advisor .
Like most bodies in this region , it is of the dark C spectral type , indicating a carbonaceous composition .
Many police officers carry clipboards .
They are capable of undergoing very slight changes in the shade of their color to help regulate temperature .
Pallone ( Italian for an inflated ball , similar to the word balloon ) is the name of several traditional ball games , played in all regions of Italy , with few differences in regulations .
The Governor General of Canada ( French masculine : Gouverneur général du Canada , or feminine : Gouverneure générale du Canada ) is the federal viceregal representative of the Canadian monarch , Queen Elizabeth II , who is equally shared with 15 other sovereign nations in a form of personal union , as well as with the ten other jurisdictions of Canada , and resides predominantly in her oldest realm , the United Kingdom .
Prior to the Second World War , there usually existed a division of racing for cars smaller and less powerful than Grand Prix racers .
In some cases authors may be their own publishers , meaning : originators and developers of content also provide media to deliver and display the content .
Often considered a living fossil , the earliest fossils of the genus Cycas appear in the Cenozoic although Cycas-like fossils that may belong to Cycadaceae extend well into the Mesozoic .
The Anglican , also called the '' Church of England '' has the largest number of members , followed by the Methodist .
Males can weigh 130 200 kilograms ( 286 440 lb ) , and females 35 82 kilograms ( 77 181 lb ) .
Capecchi received his Ph.D. in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University , with his doctoral thesis completed under the tutelage of Watson .
The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. ( 1883-1968 ) , an evangelist and contemporary of Billy Sunday .
Both tests were designed specifically to assess BDD .
Siding with the Axis would have meant that Portugal would have been at war with Britain , which would have threatened Portuguese colonies , while siding with the Allies might prove to be a threat to Portugal itself .
Brandi Carlile ( born June 1 , 1981 in Ravensdale , Washington ) is an American singer and songwriter .
The Icemark Chronicles is a series of books consisting of The Cry of the Icemark , followed by Blade of Fire , and Last Battle of the Icemark .
In 1817 he deemed the area unfit for white settlement .
The 59-floor , 915-foot ( 279-m ) building is one of the most distinctive and imposing in New York 's skyline , with a 45 angled top and a unique stilt-style base .
Stephen Ayodele Makinwa ( born 26 July 1983 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football striker , who is currently playing for Larissa . Makinwa also plays for the Nigerian national team .
Since Green Lantern : Rebirth and the restart of the Green Lantern Corps , the only oath used has been the Brightest Day , Blackest Night version .
Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American professional soccer club based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson , California that competes in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , the top professional soccer league in the United States of America and Canada .
The Czech Republic national football team represents the Czech Republic in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of the Czech Republic , the governing body for football in the Czech Republic .
The Volkswagen Polo Mk5 is the fifth generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini-class car , launched by Volkswagen in March 2009 .
In politics , representation describes how some individuals stand in for others or a group of others , for a certain time period .
Robinson was reluctant to testify , but he eventually agreed to do so , fearing it might negatively affect his career if he declined .
The fur color is mostly sandy to reddish brown , but can include tan patterns and be occasionally black , light brown , or white .
'' Gizeh '' redirects here .
Edinaldo Batista Dos Santos , or simply Edinaldo ( born April 2 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder .
A sister-in-law ( plural sisters-in-law ) is the sister of one 's spouse , the wife of one 's sibling , or sometimes the wife of one 's spouse 's sibling.Merriam-Webster dictionary entryreference.com dictionary entry Relative to a woman , the latter case ( typically her husband 's brother 's wife ; that is , the two women have married brothers ) is occasionally called a , as they are each the sister-in-law of the other 's husband .
Many other dromaeosaurid fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies , some with fully-developed feathered wings .
Sport Football Present : football club '' Rostov '' ( Russian Premier League ) football club '' SKA Rostov-on-Don '' ( Second division , '' South '' zone ) Handball Women 's handball team Rostov-Don plays in the Russian Handball Championship .
The airline is headquartered in the Centro Empresarial Globalia in Llucmajor , Majorca , Spain .
Daryn Colledge ( born February 11 , 1982 in Fairbanks Alaska ) is an American football offensive guard for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League .
Manga Ghost in the Shell : Public Security Section 9 is established .
In 2006 , she released her second album , Ciara : The Evolution which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and included the hits '' Get Up '' and '' Promise '' .
Worf is the first Klingon main character to appear in Star Trek , and has appeared in more Star Trek episodes than any other character .
It blasts open the ants ' nest and all the ants attack the dragon .
Driving for the Brawn GP team , Barrichello finished third in the 2009 championship .
El Reno is a city in Canadian County , Oklahoma , United States , in the central part of the state .
For the ball sport played in the Commonwealth previously known as '' women 's basketball '' , see netball
As the most heavily industrialized city of South Russia , it was a bone of contention between the Whites and the Bolsheviks during the Civil War .
On 1 January 1801 , the Kingdom of Great Britain merged with the Kingdom of Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Nancy Cartwright has won several awards for voicing Bart , including a Primetime Emmy Award in 1992 and an Annie Award in 1995 .
Career Haitink became second conductor of the Netherlands Radio Union Orchestra in 1955 .
Blankenberge is a town and a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
King Philip V of Spain ( 1700 & ndash ; 1746 ) .
Lila Diane Sawyer ( born December 22 , 1945 ) is the current anchor of ABC News ' flagship program , ABC World News . Previously , Sawyer had been co-anchor of ABC Newss morning news program , Good Morning America ( GMA ) .
If a wiki has a passing need for an edit to be oversighted , for instance , a steward can add themselves to the ` oversight ' user group on that wiki , perform the necessary oversight activity using Special : HideRevision , and then remove themselves from the ` oversight ' group using their steward rights .
Guéra was one of the 14 prefectures of Chad .
Norworth wrote an alternative version of the song in 1927 .
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 romantic drama film based on Ben Sherwood 's best-selling novel , The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud published in 2004 by Bantam .
The Angels have been based in Angel Stadium of Anaheim since 1966 .
In 2000 , the orchestra ( according to its official website ) elected Barenboim '' conductor for life . ''
Some '' scientific laws '' appear to be mathematical definitions ( e.g. , Newton 's Second law F = , or the uncertainty principle , or the principle of least action , or causality ) .
The American population in Alice Springs is primarily associated with the proximity to Pine Gap , a joint Australian and U.S. satellite tracking station , located south-west of Alice Springs .
In the fall of 1863 , one of Lincoln 's principal concerns was to sustain the Union 's spirits toward the war effort .
Camillo Golgi ( July 7 , 1843 -- January 21 , 1926 ) was an Italian physician , pathologist , scientist , and Nobel laureate .
The band was formed in Jacksonville , Florida , in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman ( slide guitar and lead guitar ) and Gregg Allman ( vocals , organ , songwriting ) , who were supported by Dickey Betts ( lead guitar , vocals , songwriting ) , Berry Oakley ( bass guitar ) , Butch Trucks ( drums ) , and Jai Johanny '' Jaimoe '' Johanson ( drums ) .
A motor ship or motor vessel is a ship propelled by an Internal combustion engine , usually a diesel engine .
It was founded by popular-culture archivist Michael Erlewine , who also founded Allmusic and Allgame .
Ton histoire est une épopée Des plus brillants exploits .
Morphine has a high potential for addiction ; tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence develop rapidly .
The First Great Awakening was a wave of religious enthusiasm among Protestants in the American colonies c. 1730 - 1740 , emphasising the traditional Reformed virtues of Godly preaching , rudimentary liturgy , and a deep sense of personal guilt and redemption by Christ Jesus .
Wet-process acid can be further purified by removing fluorine to produce animal-grade phosphoric acid , or by solvent extraction and arsenic removal to produce food-grade phosphoric acid .
In telecommunications , a self-synchronizing code is a line code in which the symbol stream formed by a portion of one code word , or by the overlapped portion of any two adjacent code words , is not a valid code word .
Lake Enriquillo is located in a rift valley formed by the Enriquillo-Plantain Garden fault that extends 79 miles ( 127 km ) from Port-au-Prince Bay in Haiti in the west , to near Neiba Bay in the Dominican Republic in the east .
The Yayoi period lasted from about 400 or 300 BC to 250 AD .
In 1164 , Rainald of Dassel , the archbishop of Cologne , brought the relics to the city , making it a major pilgrimage destination .
If Alice and Bob wish to exchange encrypted messages , each must be equipped to decrypt received messages and to encrypt messages to be sent .
Though the word proselytism originally referred to Early Christianity ( and earlier Gentiles ) , it also refers to other religions ' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view , religious or not .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
Major League Baseball on Fox or MLB on Fox is the brand name for the Fox Broadcasting Company 's presentation of Major League Baseball games , produced by Fox Sports .
Besides tobacco , many vegetables and flowers are grown in greenhouses in late winter and early spring , and then transplanted outside as the weather warms .
Honiara has a harbour from which ferries depart to the various provinces .
Agenda is a town in Ashland County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
At around 0650 UTC on September 16 , Hurricane Ivan made landfall just west of Gulf Shores , Alabama with an intensity of 120 mph ( 195 km/h ) ; the strongest winds occurred over a narrow area near the southern Alabama and western Florida border .
His most notable films include Reservoir Dogs (/O1992/O) , Pulp Fiction (/O1994/O) , Jackie Brown (/O1997/O) , Kill Bill ( 2003 -- 2004 ) , Death Proof (/O2007/O) and Inglourious Basterds (/O2009/O) .
News of Pompey 's defeat at the Battle of Pharsalus caused Cassius to head for Hellespont , with hopes of allying with the king of Pontus , Pharnaces II .
The orchestra performs most of its concerts at the Salle Pleyel .
American Eagle ( comics ) , any of several characters in comics named American Eagle
At 1700 UTC , Guadeloupe , St. Barthelemy , and French portion of St. Martin were put under a hurricane watch .
He was released after a few weeks , at which point he began teaching at the University of Mashhad .
Xue was also involved in the Battle of Wuhan , commanding the 1st Army Corps .
Year 1591 ( MDXCI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Early cell membranes could have formed spontaneously from proteinoids , protein-like molecules that are produced when amino acid solutions are heated- when present at the correct concentration in aqueous solution , these form microspheres which are observed to behave similarly to membrane-enclosed compartments .
Melissa Joan Catherine Hart ( born April 18 , 1976 ) is an American actress , writer , television director , television producer , singer and businesswoman .
Mongauzy is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Tasmania , owing to its further southern latitude ) began DST earlier , on the first Sunday in October , and ended on the first Sunday of April .
He served as Chair of the National Governors Association from 1986 to 1987 , bringing him to an audience beyond Arkansas .
Prisces is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Méritein is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Many believe golden ginger ale is a form of ginger beer brought into North America by migrants from Eastern Europe , where it had been known for centuries . Golden ginger ale , like ginger beer , is mainly consumed as a soda type drink in its own right .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
Gatorade is a brand of flavored non-carbonated sports drinks manufactured by the Quaker Oats Company , now a division of PepsiCo .
IBM produced a number of successful products based upon this standard before it was overtaken by the more widely adopted Fibre Channel protocol .
After Kurt was cut from the Packers ' training camp in 1994 , he got a job working the night shift as a stock boy at a local Hy-Vee grocery store , in addition to his work as an assistant-coach at Northern Iowa .
German South West Africa ( , DSWA ) was a colony of Germany from 1884 until 1915 , when it was taken over by South Africa ( as part of the British Empire ) and administered as South West Africa , finally becoming Namibia in 1990 .
The Arabs later named roughly the same region as the original province Ifriqiya , a rendering of Africa .
Audacity is a digital audio editor and recording program .
The Arabic alphabet ( ' ) or Arabic abjad is the script used for writing several languages of Asia and Africa , such as Arabic , Persian , and Urdu . After the Latin alphabet , it is the second-most widely used alphabet around the world .
Lucy Katherine Pinder ( born 20 December 1983 ) is an English glamour model , from Winchester , Hampshire .
In January 2009 , the Telegraph was the highest selling newspaper among British broadsheets and former broadsheets , with a certified average daily circulation of 842,912 .
The capital city is Barcelona .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN recognizes this as the proper authority .
Economy The main source of revenue comes from Coffee that is grown in the mountainous regions of the province , and during the coffee harvest , there may be roadblocks , where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market .
History Nintendo 's Game Boy handheld was first released in 1989 .
Christian Panucci ( born 12 April 1973 in Savona , Italy ) is a retired Italian footballer .
He also drove three races apiece for David Blair Motorsports and Andy Petree Racing .
Everything '' behind '' the purple instruction is delayed as well but everything '' ahead '' of the purple instruction continues with execution .
The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974 , although the signal box remained in use until 1979 .
Ertl is one of the editors of the Handbook of Heterogeneous Catalysis .
Life outside football Personal life Robson was married to Elsie from June 1955 until his death ; they have three sons : Andrew , Paul and Mark , all of whom survive him .
Lake Forest is an city located in Lake County , Illinois , United States .
It is the second-largest airport in Spain , and the largest on the Mediterranean coast .
Laroque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Unforgiven was an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment , which had been held in September since the 1999 edition .
The Finnish 20 mm anti-tank gun Lahti L-39 gained the nickname Norsupyssy ( Elephant Gun ) during the Winter War because of its stopping power .
Chorlton-on-Medlock is an inner city area of Manchester , England .
South Africa maintained its white supremacist apartheid system until the early 1990s .
Marenla is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Poix is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Upon his father 's death in 1143 , he studied with his father 's friends Hu Xian , Liu Zihui , and Liu Mianzhi .
The golden age of arcade games in the 1980s was a peak era of video arcade game popularity , innovation , and earnings . Color arcade games became more prevalent and video arcades themselves started appearing outside of their traditional bowling alley and bar locales .
A Galvanic cell , named after Luigi Galvani , is an electrochemical cell that derives electrical energy from chemical reactions taking place within the cell .
These are lists of active and all-time National Hockey League ( NHL ) franchise post-season , post-season series win , Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Jacques Joseph Charles Villeneuve , OQ ( born April 9 , 1971 ) , is a Canadian automobile racing driver .
WWE SmackDown is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
It is named after the Norwegian skater Axel Paulsen , who first performed the jump in 1882 .
Biomes are often identified with particular patterns of ecological succession and climax vegetation ( quasi-equilibrium state of the local ecosystem ) .
It is located in the southeastern portion of Central Macedonia .
The Crusade was prosecuted primarily by the French and promptly took on a political flavor , resulting in not only a significant reduction in the number of practicing Cathars but also a realignment of Occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the French crown and diminishing the distinct regional culture and high level of Aragonese influence .
St. Anthony is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
A cnidocyte fires a structure that contains the toxin , from a characteristic sub-cellular organelle called a cnidocyst ( also known as a cnida or nematocyst ) .
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio that was established in Seoul in 1990 and frequently works with Japanese companies on anime titles .
Isonoe is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,833 Mm in 751.647 days , at an inclination of 166 to the ecliptic ( 169 to Jupiter 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.166 .
When Basilio starts to gossip about Cherubino 's obvious attraction to the Countess , the Count angrily leaps from his hiding place . Lifting the dress from the chair he finds Cherubino .
Zhang was so accustomed to classical , American , and European pop music that she claims she never sang children 's songs when she was a child .
Lee County was created in 1887 from Monroe County .
In the rest of the world , however , most countries have centralized networks without local affiliates and syndication is less common , although shows can also be syndicated internationally .
History During the German wars , the town of Dodoma was founded at the same time as the construction of the Tanzanian central railway .
The War of 1812 , between the United States of America and the British Empire ( particularly Great Britain and British North America ) , was fought from 1812 to 1815 .
In 1996 , Rachel Coleman had a daughter , whom she named Leah .
At the time of its formation , Notts County , like most sports teams , were considered to be a '' gentlemen-only '' club .
MotorStorm is a 2006 racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Sony PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system .
Simon Davies ( born 23 October 1979 in Haverfordwest ) is a Welsh international football player who currently plays for Fulham .
The band 's musical style evolved from black metal to a cleaner and more '' produced '' amalgam of gothic metal , symphonic black metal and other extreme metal styles , while their lyrical themes and imagery are heavily influenced by gothic literature , poetry , mythology and horror films .
Boxing , kickboxing , amateur wrestling , puroresu , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .
In medieval Europe , such documents were issued to travellers by local authorities , and generally contained a list of towns and cities into which a document holder was permitted to pass .
Grady Sizemore III ( born August 2 , 1982 ) is a Major League Baseball center fielder who currently plays for the Cleveland Indians .
Jonathan Mark Buckland ( born 11 September 1977 ) , known as Jonny Buckland , is an English guitarist and musician , best known as the lead guitarist of the band Coldplay .
Ice inside a cloud is thought to be a key element in lightning development , and may cause a forcible separation of positive and negative charges within the cloud , thus assisting in the formation of lightning .
Its scientific contributions include machine safeguarding guidelines , the Cornell-Liberty Survival Car , and ergonomic guidelines that have informed the basis for national and international safety standards .
Some musical acts were also edited out for similar reasons on some satellite reruns .
Aedermannsdorf is a municipality in the district of Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The current Taoiseach is Enda Kenny , TD who was appointed on 9 March 2011 .
Richard feels that this woman is in need of protection and takes her to the only man he can trust , his best friend and mentor , Zedd . Richard discovers that this close friend of his has kept many secrets from him for his entire life .
Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) and its predecessor , Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , are cryptographic protocols that provide security and data integrity for communications over networks such as the Internet .
The fifteen year old does not choose her own husband ; instead , Prospero sends Ariel , his spirit servant , to fetch Ferdinand while Miranda is asleep , and arranges things so that the two will come to love one another .
Kota Kinabalu is named after Mount Kinabalu , situated about 50 kilometres east-northeast of the city .
The Frisians have rich history and folklore .
These are known as smart quotes ( '' '' ) .
He heads the Heatherwick Studio , which he founded in 1994 .
Only in 1947 were the first peso oro notes issued by the Central Bank in denominations of 1 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 500 and 1000 pesos oros .
This vase painting clearly depicts Hephaestus and Athena putting the finishing touches on the first woman , as in the Theogony .
The DNA is transcribed to mRNA by an enzyme , RNA polymerase II , with the help of many other proteins .
Milton is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
His works have many studies about the New Testament .
By the British Royal Proclamation of 1763 , Canada ( part of New France ) was renamed the Province of Quebec .
Males have dark brownish-black wings with a faint white postmedian line and pinkish coloring near the apical spot .
White symbolizes hope , green is an allusion to the state 's rich flora , blue represents its vast sky , while the yellow star adds balance , force and serenity .
In May 1843 , Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia with Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian .
It weighs 3.0 pounds ( 1.37 kg ) and models prior to 2010 used an external power supply .
An anchor is a heavy object , often made out of metal , that is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving .
The primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin , a neurotoxin produced by the Gram-positive , obligate anaerobic bacterium Clostridium tetani .
This list includes quite a few guyed masts .
Kennedy was fatally shot while traveling with his wife Jacqueline , Texas governor John Connally , and the latter 's wife , Nellie , in a Presidential motorcade .
The orchestra , which had an average diameter of 78 feet , was situated on a flattened terrace at the foot of a hill , the slope of which produced a natural theatron , literally '' watching place '' .
Pack-in games are intended to be system-selling games that make good use of the positive features of a given system . Sometimes a pack-in game will be changed to a more popular game , or another game will be added , along with the original pack-in , if it is perceived that a newer game will sell more systems .
Releases of Mac OS X are named after big cats ; for example , Mac OS X v10 .5 is usually referred to by Apple and users as '' Leopard '' .
In December 1894 , Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly and Bowell , as the most senior Cabinet minister , was appointed in Thompson 's stead by the Governor General .
This category is all NFL players who have played for the San Diego Chargers .
The song score of lyrics and music was written by the Sherman Brothers , who had previously been responsible for the music in the family films like The Jungle Book ( 1967 ) and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ( 1968 ) .
km ( 0.1194 Earths )
The 109 first saw operational service during the Spanish Civil War and was still in service at the dawn of the jet age at the end of World War II , during which time it was the backbone of the Luftwaffe 's fighter force .
The Biellmann spin also has the distinction of being classified as a difficult variation of both a layback and an upright position spin , meaning that a person could include the Biellmann in either spin and it would still be counted as a one-position solo spin .
'' OFSTED page on Childminders , includes assessment reports Childminding differs from nannying in that a nanny goes to the house of the child in order to care for it ; childminders look after the child in the childminder 's own home .
Reverend Villars fears Mme .
The 12th century is the time from 1101 to 1200 .
Aberdeenshire Council is headquartered at Woodhill House , in Aberdeen ; the only Scottish council whose headquarters are based outwith its area 's border .
Young left St. Louis and joined the American League 's Boston Americans for a $ 3,500 contract ( $ in current dollar terms ) .
Construction begins on the Temple of Heaven in Beijing , China while the palace complex of the Forbidden City is completed .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length .
In English it is or sometimes , especially in the UK , or with a silent gh , especially in the US .
Zareh and his descendants ruled the kingdom of Sophene until it was reunified with Greater Armenia by Tigranes the Great in the 80s BC .
During his lifetime Chapman saw Lotus beat Ferrari as the first team to achieve 50 Grand Prix victories , despite Ferrari having won their first nine years sooner .
On 1 January 2006 the municipality had 20,021 inhabitants .
Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) is a live late-night television sketch comedy and variety show developed by Lorne Michaels and Dick Ebersol .
Behaviorism comprises the position that all theories should have observational correlates but that there are no philosophical differences between publicly observable processes ( such as actions ) and privately observable processes ( such as thinking and feeling ) .
His career began in the mid-1970s and since then he has appeared in major box-office successes including Jurassic Park ( two films ) , Independence Day , and The Fly .
White flowered types are also cultivated .
During the early age of the Caliphates , Ajam was often synonymous for '' barbarian '' or stranger .
Sandrans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Their single '' Stay '' topped at # 1 on VH1 's Top 20 Countdown .
Dives-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Wu-Tang Clan ( ) is a hip-hop group that consists of : RZA , GZA , Method Man , Raekwon , Ghostface Killah , Inspectah Deck , U-God , Masta Killa , and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard .
Marcus Nathan Bent ( born 19 May 1978 ) is an English football striker who plays for Sheffield United on loan from Birmingham City .
Gunpei Yokoi , also spelled ( September 10 , 1941 -- October 4 , 1997 ) , was a video game designer in Japan .
On 31 December 1879 , Bram and Florence 's only child was born , a son whom they christened Irving Noel Thornley Stoker .
date unknown & ndash ; Donato Acciaioli , Italian scholar ( d. 1478 )
Brazil became the first nation to win four World Cup titles when they beat Italy 3-2 in a penalty shootout after the game ended 0-0 after extra-time , the first final to be decided by penalties .
It is among the earliest universities of the world and the second oldest in Italy .
Pliny the Elder told of a sacred Greek olive tree that was 1,600 years old .
He played defensive midfielder with Juventus and the Italian national team .
When this happens , his eyes turn to slits like a goat 's and he starts eating furniture .
The parental controls can also restrict Internet access , which blocks the Internet Channel and system update features .
As of the 2000 census , the city of Gulfport had a total population of 71,127 , but the population had decreased to 70,055 by the 2008 Census Estimate .
The bowed variety often has a spike at the bottom to rest on the ground , and is thus called a spike fiddle in certain areas , but there exist plucked versions like the kabuli rebab ( sometimes referred to as the robab or rubab )
Dodd was a difference in one famous game .
Those that do not are called similar folds .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy : succession to the British throne is hereditary , governed by the principle of male preference primogeniture , but excludes Roman Catholics or those who marry Roman Catholics .
Benson 's design was chosen over roughly 700 other submissions from schoolchildren territory-wide in grades 7 12 .
Brown , p. 259 ; Varley , p. 116 ; Titsingh , pp .
Nero was more popular with the general public as the grandson of Germanicus and the direct descendant of Augustus .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
Many articles about mathematics are monitored by for very precise formatting standards .
Financial mathematics is the study of financial data with the tools of mathematics , mainly statistics .
The term bloom usually refers to one or more flowers on a flowering plant .
'' ... where two or more persons are bound together for one or more common purposes by mutual undertakings , each having mutual duties and obligations , in an organization which has rules identifying in whom control of the organization and its funds are vested , and which can be joined or left at will . ''
On 27 October , the band performed a set at London 's Roundhouse with the Exmoor Singers , a London based choir , as part of the BBC Electric Proms .
Bernstein continued the orchestra 's recordings with Columbia Records until he retired as Music Director in 1969 .
This obligatory nature of articles makes them among the most common words in many languages -- in English , for example , the most frequent word is the .
Saint-L éger is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Berthevin is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The judiciary forms a system of courts which interprets the law in the name of the sovereign or state .
Most of the territories are directly administered by the Commonwealth government , while three ( the Northern Territory , the Australian Capital Territory and Norfolk Island ) administer themselves .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
Port St. Lucie is a city in St. Lucie County , Florida , United States .
Widely regarded as one of the best midfielders in the modern era , he was the recipient of the prestigious Ballon d'Or , the first Czech player since the break up of Czechoslovakia , in 2003 while at Juventus .
In 1989 , Shines met a young , Minnesota-born blues player , Kent Duchaine , and the two of them toured for the next several years until Shines ' death.Kentduchaine.com Shines died on 20 April 1992 , in Tuscaloosa , Alabama .
Helensburgh is a small town in New South Wales , Australia .
December 31 & ndash ; Pope Callixtus III ( died 1458 )
Aikido can be categorized under the general umbrella of grappling arts .
Amazon.com started as an online bookstore , but soon diversified , selling DVDs , CDs , MP3 downloads , computer software , video games , electronics , apparel , furniture , food , and toys .
One of the most famous teachers at Tuskegee was George Washington Carver , whose name is synonymous with innovative research into Southern farming method and crops .
When the American Civil War broke out in 1861 , Tubman saw a Union victory as a key step toward the abolition of slavery .
No. 3 Fighter Sector ( 3FS ) was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) unit formed at Townsville Grammar School , Townsville , Australia on 25 February 1942 .
He is Labour Member of Parliament for Barrow and Furness in Cumbria and served in a number of Cabinet offices , including Defence Secretary and Business Secretary .
The company also secretly creates '' Can-D '' , an illegal but widely available hallucinogenic drug allowing the user to '' translate '' into Perky Pat ( if the drug user is a woman ) or Pat 's boyfriend , Walt ( if the drug user is a man ) .
It runs east , underneath Sheppard Avenue from Sheppard station on the Yonge line ( now renamed Sheppard-Yonge ) , to Don Mills station at Sheppard and Don Mills Road .
He was a large pink humanoid , covered with yellow spots , sporting a permanent toothy grin and jiggling eyes .
The greater number of points earned in games between the tied clubs .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for J. League club Giravanz Kitakyushu .
Searching for a new Earthbending teacher , the group meets Toph , a blind Earthbending prodigy who teaches Aang how to '' see '' using Earthbending and vibrations .
Description aLinux A distribution for home use designed to be equivalent to Windows XP Home ( formerly known as Peanut Linux ) .
The length of a thing is the distance between its ends , its linear extent as measured from end to end .
The construction of the earliest earthwork sites in Britain began during the early Neolithic ( c. 4400 BC 3300 BC ) in the form of long barrows used for communal burial and the first causewayed enclosures , sites which have parallels on the continent .
Standards The current approved version is 1.2 , which is specified in : RFC 5246 : '' The Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) Protocol Version 1.2 '' .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of whom have won six .
A sex doll ( also love doll or blow up doll ) is a type of sex toy in the size and shape of a sexual partner for aid in masturbation .
Events By place Roman Empire Galba is a Roman Consul .
Ardeshir I , founder of the Sassanid dynasty , was ruler of Istakhr ( since 206 ? )
Like Troll 2 , it features no trolls .
Because their eyes are on top of their bodies and their mouths on the undersides , stingrays can not see their prey ; instead , they use smell and electro-receptors ( ampullae of Lorenzini ) similar to those of sharks .
In Italy , they are common in the northern front of the Apennines and in Sicily .
Give us each day our daily bread , and forgive us our sins , for we ourselves forgive everyone who is indebted to us .
The IPCC also often answers inquiries from the UNFCCC Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice ( SBSTA ) .
In response to pathogens some T cells , called T helper cells , produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells . Following activation , B cells and T cells leave a lasting legacy of the antigens they have encountered , in the form of memory cells .
It orbited the planet for over seven years , conducting multiple flybys of all of the Galilean moons and Amalthea .
Wailuku is the seat of Maui County .
Following Armageddon , Orton entered the January 2006 Royal Rumble match as the thirtieth and final wrestler , but he was eliminated by Rey Mysterio .
His family did not claim the body and the police refused to hand it over to sympathisers , fearing a funeral would become a rallying point for the simmering rebellion .
There is mention of him in the Gospel of John and the early portions of the Acts of the Apostles . The Synoptics mention his name , but no further information .
However , use of the language is on the rise .
On GameRankings , it is the fifth best rated Xbox 360 game of all time , having an aggregate of 94 % based on 67 reviews and the third best rated PlayStation 3 game of all time with a score of 95 % based on 48 reviews .
The provinces are divided into 105 districts called ( zillahs ) .
In 1419 , seven town officials were thrown from the Town Hall , precipitating the Hussite War .
It aired later that year on CBS .
Launched on September 24 , 1992 , it is part of the entertainment conglomerate NBCUniversal , a subsidiary of Comcast and General Electric .
Her reply to what she wanted to do after her husband left office was '' return to Independence '' although she had briefly entertained the thought of living in Washington after 1953 .
Heartbroken , EVE gives WALL-E a farewell '' kiss '' which causes an electric spark that restores WALL-E 's memory , returning him to his usual self .
Destruction is a German thrash metal band .
Hot dog stands and trucks sell hot dogs at street and highway locations .
With the development of the lithographic process , invented by a Czech named Alois Senefelder in 1798 in Austria , creation of poster become feasible .
World Wrestling Entertainment ( 2006 -- present ) Developmental territories ( 2006 -- 2008 ) In 2006 , Hager had a WWE tryout in Deep South Wrestling , and in September 2006 , Hager made his in-ring debut for Deep South Wrestling defeating Antonio Mestre in a dark match .
Its metropolitan population was 2,084,852 in 2003 , and estimated at 2,253,437 in 2006 .
O'Dell published a sequel , Zia , in 1976 .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
She often sang with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , who said in interview that Seefried was naturally able to do effortlessly what other singers , including herself , worked all their lives to do .
Museum of Duarte summarizes and shows the history of the movement and struggle for independence
Saint-Paul-de-Varax is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Harty did most of his composing between 1901 and 1920 , including his An Irish Symphony , his tone poem With the Wild Geese , his Violin Concerto , and his setting of Ode to a Nightingale for soprano and orchestra , premiered by Nicholls .
History It was founded by the Romans between 50 and 44 BCE under the name of Colonia Iulia Equestris or Colonia Equestris Noiodunum , the urban center of which was called Noviodunum .
Chuck is an album by Sum 41 .
Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .
Cardamom is best stored in pod form because once the seeds are exposed or ground they quickly lose their flavor .
It was a difficult political time , plagued with terrorist threats and for security reasons Alexander III moved with his family from the Winter Palace to Gatchina Palace .
As such , the University of London is the largest university in the UK by number of full-time students , with 135,090 campus-based students and over 45,000 in the University of London International Programmes .
In 2006 , SAS carried 25.4 million passengers , making a revenue of SEK 42 billion .
The diagnosis of AS is complicated by the use of several different screening instruments , including the Asperger Syndrome Diagnostic Scale ( ASDS ) , Autism Spectrum Screening Questionnaire ( ASSQ ) , Childhood Asperger Syndrome Test ( CAST ) , Gilliam Asperger 's Disorder Scale ( GADS ) , Krug Asperger 's Disorder Index ( KADI ) , and the Autism Spectrum Quotient ( AQ ; with versions for children , adolescents and adults ) .
Coleridge-Taylor was born in Holborn , London , to a Sierra Leonean Creole father , Daniel Peter Hughes Taylor , and an English mother , Alice Hare Martin .
Atglen , Pennsylvania : Schiffer Publishing , 1990 .
In Australia , former fishermen raise southern bluefin tuna , Thunnus maccoyii , and another bluefin species .
The experiments had boosted their intelligence to human level , allowing them to easily escape .
Before adding further examples to those already supplied consider whether they demonstrate anything that the current examples do not and consider explaining your reasoning on the discussion page .
Baronets of England and Ireland applied to King Charles I for permission to wear a badge . Although a badge was worn in the 17th century , it was not until 1929 that permission was granted ( by King George V ) for all baronets other than those of Scotland to wear a badge .
Early life MacMillan was born at Kilwinning , in North Ayrshire , but lived in the East Ayrshire town of Cumnock until 1977 .
History In January 2005 , the two owners of eHow , Jack Herrick and Josh Hannah , started wikiHow -- a collaborative writing project striving to build the world 's largest how-to manual .
The team were moderately successful in the midfield through the late 1980s and early 1990s , giving a succession of Italian drivers their first chance at the top level , including Alessandro Nannini , Pierluigi Martini and Gianni Morbidelli .
John Wesley ( ) ( -- 2 March 1791 ) was an Anglican cleric and Christian theologian .
Mario Haas ( born 16 September 1974 in Graz ) is an Austrian football forward , who currently plays for SK Sturm Graz .
He currently provides the voice of Bot on the new Nick series Team Umizoomi .
Containing more than six million items and forty galleries , the museum has notable collections of dinosaurs , Near Eastern and African art , East Asian art , European history , and Canadian history .
The town was first mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Neuport , which is Old English meaning New Market Town , but by that time the old Anglo-Saxon town was dominated by the Norman invaders .
Matlock was replaced by Sid Vicious in early 1977 .
Many of these sets are represented using blackboard bold or bold typeface .
The Republic of Indonesia ( or ) ( ) , is a country in Southeast Asia and Oceania .
Web .
It is a concerto for guitar and orchestra .
The faculty members for sciences were recruited by the YMCA from the United States and its graduates transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation .
As a result all but one member of the Catholic cabinet , Dr. Noel Browne , remained outside the cathedral grounds while Hyde 's funeral took place .
The Mummy is a 1999 American adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Brendan Fraser , Rachel Weisz , John Hannah and Kevin J. O'Connor , with Arnold Vosloo in the title role as the reanimated mummy .
Perm ( ; Gramota .
The list given here for these churches is the most inclusive : if at least one Eastern church accepts the book it is included here .
When he devised his table , Julian calendar years were identified by naming the consuls who held office that year - he himself stated that the '' present year '' was '' the consulship of Probus Junior '' , which was 525 years '' since the incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ '' .
The Metidian surface composition has been estimated as 30-40 % metal-bearing olivine and 60-70 % Ni-Fe metal .
The city of Chicago had won the original bid to host the 1904 Summer Olympics , but the organizers of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis would not accept another international event in the same time frame .
As stated in its Statute of Autonomy approved .
These monasteries are among the very few in Mongolia to escape the wholesale destruction of Mongolian monasteries under Khorloogiin Choibalsan .
David Greenwalt ( born October 16 , 1949 ) is an American screenwriter , director and producer .
January 30 & ndash ; Wilfred Lucas , Canadian-born actor ( d. 1940 )
According to court documents '' Bishara was questioned twice in the case and during the last encounter he told interrogators that he intends to leave Israel for a couple of days .
The piece consists of five acts ( relatively isolated episodes ) each representing a different theme .
As head of an SDS regional group , the '' Jesse James Gang , '' Ayers made decisive contributions to the Weatherman orientation toward militancy .
Chafee was appointed to the United States Senate in 1999 upon the death of his father , Senator John Chafee , and in 2000 was elected to a full six-year term .
Hermes ( ; Greek ) is the Messenger of the gods in Greek mythology .
From 1992 until 1993 , Card served as the 11th U.S. Secretary of Transportation under President George H. W. Bush .
His younger brother , Julian Lloyd Webber , is a renowned solo cellist .
The DOJ is administered by the United States Attorney General ( see ) , one of the original members of the cabinet .
The National Hockey League ( NHL ) has undergone several rounds of expansion and other organizational changes during its nearly 100-year history to reach its current number of thirty teams : twenty-four in the United States , and six in Canada .
He played 58 matches for the Sweden national football team , and represented his country at two FIFA World Cup and two European Championship tournaments .
Sorengo is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The extra spacing also helps for annotations , such as noting , in the chorus ( for the 2008 song '' Viva La Vida '' ) how '' Roman cavalry '' refers to horse-soldiers , while the '' choirs are singing '' the lines '' Be my mirror '' ( etc. ) .
Ricketts , Taylor H. , Eric Dinerstein , David M. Olson , Colby J. Loucks , et al. .
Pellat Encyclopedia Iranica , '' HAZARAFSANA '' ( A Thousand Stories ) The Thousand Nights and a Night in several classic translations , including unexpurgated version by Sir Richard Francis Burton , and John Payne translation , with additional material .
Robert '' Bob '' Howard ( born January 29 , 1963 ) better known by his ring name Bob '' Hardcore '' Holly , is an American professional wrestler .
Villequier-Aumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Joacim Cans ( born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden ) is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
Dr. Crusher is the chief medical officer on board the USS Enterprise-D and its successor , the USS Enterprise-E .
In Britain , it is called the Longhair or Persian Longhair .
OpenOffice.org users can also install the Open Clip Art Library , which adds a huge gallery of flags , logos , icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects .
Characteristics A tropical wave normally follows an area of sinking , intensely dry air , blowing northeast .
Fours is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Of its many works of art may be mentioned the magnificent marble tomb of the founder and his wife , the empress Cunigunde , considered the masterpiece of the sculptor Tilman Riemenschneider , and carved between 1499 and 1513 .
The apartments are located in the Greenwich Village area , in New York City .
He got his first major league hit the following day off veteran pitcher Tim Belcher , and started 13 games before being sent back down to the minors .
Siegmund '' Sigi '' Nissel ( January 3 , 1922 , Munich May 21 , 2008 , London ) was an German-born British violinist who played second violin in the Amadeus Quartet and served as its administrator .
The HSK is primarily administered in Simplified Chinese .
Bananas contain moderate amounts of vitamin B6 , vitamin C , manganese and potassium .
Dew Process is an independently managed label , distributed in Australia and New Zealand by Universal Music Australia .
Cinematic style Tarkovsky 's films are characterised by Christian and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , and memorable images of exceptional beauty .
Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country is the sixth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise and is the last of the Star Trek films to include the entire main cast of the 1960s .
By that time , Tropical Storm Roger had become an extratropical cyclone , resulting in the southerly flow to be entrained into Tip .
Some twenty years after Leonardo 's death , Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benevenuto Cellini as saying : '' There had never been another man born in the world who knew as much as Leonardo , not so much about painting , sculpture and architecture , as that he was a very great philosopher . ''
Chester Burton Atkins ( June 20 , 1924 -- June 30 , 2001 ) , better known as Chet Atkins , was an American guitarist and record producer who created , along with Owen Bradley , the smoother country music style known as the Nashville sound , which expanded country 's appeal to adult pop music fans as well .
This is exactly 72,057,594,037,927,936 , or approximately 72 quadrillion , possible keys .
These actions lead to a lack of cash , a crisis of confidence , and much land speculation .
If P , then Q.
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
Harry Stockwell as The Prince : The unnamed Prince first sees Snow White singing at her wishing well .
app on iOS 1.1 .
In 1620 , there was a fight at the Chester cross between the butchers and the bakers where the ` Cryer brake his Mace in peeces Amonge them ' .
Euroa is a town in the Shire of Strathbogie in North-East Victoria , Australia .
East Sutton is a parish approximately 6 miles south-east of Maidstone in Kent , England .
The inversion of a major interval is a minor interval , the inversion of an augmented interval is a diminished interval .
Special edition consoles such as the Hello Kitty Dreamcast , Hello Kitty Game Boy Pocket , and Hello Kitty Crystal Edition Xbox have also been released exclusively in Japan . There is a themed restaurant named Hello Kitty Sweets in Taipei , Taiwan .
An example of a chassis is the under part of a motor vehicle , consisting of the frame ( on which the body is mounted ) with the wheels and machinery .
Mouillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A quarry is a type of open-pit mine from which rock or minerals are extracted .
Her cult was so dominant in the culture that when the first pharaoh of the twelfth dynasty , Amenemhat I , moved the capital of Egypt to Itjtawy , the center for her cult was moved as well .
logo = San Francisco Giants Logo .
At this time , there were 137 American Eagle Outfitters stores including 37 in the United States .
His work frequently employed settings from rural life in New England in the early twentieth century , using them to examine complex social and philosophical themes .
Souillé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It is in the north east of Mansehra District in the North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Tilly-Capelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It began as a compact sedan , but over the course of its life has evolved into a larger mid-size car .
Parameter '' location '' refers to a map definition template . If location is Spain , the map image and coordinates are based on the values set in Template : Location map Spain .
December 12 & ndash ; Geoffrey , Archbishop of York ( b. 1152 )
'' Advance Australia Fair '' is the official national anthem of Australia .
The Chicago Cubs baseball uniforms have had pin stripes since 1907 and they are recognized as the first Major League Baseball team to incorporate pin striping into a baseball uniform .
Pin Architecture - the set of functions that a microprocessor is expected to provide , from the point of view of a hardware platform .
Meanwhile , Sadie has been signed to the prospective manager 's record label , but he wants her to drop her backing band .
December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event first held by the original Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) in 1995 as a non-televised supercard .
Susanna comes in to prepare the Countess for the day .
Some seventy-five years after its closure , much of the line is still in evidence .
The Nazi anti-tobacco policies were not free of contradictions .
His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne , although his most famous work is the Suleiman Mosque in Istanbul .
James also owns two dogs , one named Butch and the other named Elvis .
La Roquille is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
On September 8 , 2010 , the USL announced the formation of USL Pro which would merge the USL First Division and USL Second Division to begin play in 2011 .
Abbot Howard '' Abbie '' Hoffman ( November 30 , 1936 -- April 12 , 1989 ) was a political and social activist who co-founded the Youth International Party ( '' Yippies '' ) .
However , legitimate geisha do not engage in paid sex with clients .
Uwe Reinders ( born 19 January 1955 in Essen ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player and manager .
The different schemes or architectures are named by the word RAID followed by a number ( e.g. , RAID 0 , RAID 1 ) .
In 1902 and 1903 Walter Sutton suggested that chromosomes , which segregate in a Mendelian fashion , are hereditary units : '' I may finally call attention to the probability that the association of paternal and maternal chromosomes in pairs and their subsequent separation during the reducing division ... may constitute the physical basis of the Mendelian law of heredity '' .
The News Limited produced mX has filled part of that gap , being freely distributed of an afternoon from stands throughout the Melbourne CBD , though generally not available outside that area .
Darwinius is a genus of Adapiformes , a group of basal primates from the Eocene epoch .
Currently , J. League Division 2 is the second level of the Japanese football league system .
The Romans identified Vulcan with the Greek smith-god Hephaestus , and he became associated like his Greek counterpart with the constructive use of fire in metalworking .
Saint-Gatien-des-Bois is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Ethnologue reported 70,000 persons whose first language is Italian or Venetian speakers in 1998 ( referring to work of Eugen Marinov from 1998 ) . That population are 30,000 ethnic Italians and 40,000 ethnic Croats and persons declared regionally ( '' as Istrians '' ) .
It subsequently re-entered the atmosphere and crashed into the Indian Ocean near Antarctica .
More than 2,100 federal agency personnel had been deployed to help out with the cleanup from Hurricane Marilyn .
The Bundessozialgericht ( German for Federal Social Court ) is the German federal court of appeals for social security cases , mainly cases concerning public health insurance , long-term care insurance , pension insurance and occupational accident insurance plans .
The word is still occasionally used for a military event such as the Royal Tournament .
He became organist of Winchester College in 1598 , moving to Chichester Cathedral .
Joensuu ( lit .
The city is divided into 2 boroughs ( raions ) - Sosnivskiy ( with Orshanets village ) and Pridniprovskiy .
The City of Manchester Stadium , also known as COMS or Eastlands , is a stadium in Manchester , England .
Used for outer suburban services , the Class 450 was built with standard and first class accommodation .
Bing ( formerly Live Search , Windows Live Search , and MSN Search ) is the current web search engine ( advertised as a '' decision engine '' ) from Microsoft .
-- )
He currently plays for Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
Princess Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg , another of Queen Victoria 's granddaughters and a first cousin of Alexandra , was also a carrier of the hemophilia gene .
In gardening , annual often refers to a plant grown outdoors in the spring and summer and surviving just for one growing season .
She also became identified as the goddess of architecture , astronomy , astrology , building , mathematics , and surveying .
The Muddy River , formerly called the Moapa River , originates from warm springs and flows through the valley before emptying into Lake Mead .
Sun was educated at Nanyang Primary School , St. Margaret 's Secondary School , Raffles Girls ' School and went on to attend Saint Andrew 's Junior College .
The surviving species consist of the platypus and 4 species of echidna .
Saul '' Slash '' Hudson ( born 23 July 1965 ) is an English musician .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
Temperatures may be as low as the freezing point of ejected materials , particularly when venting is associated with the creation of hydrocarbon clathrate hydrate deposits .
Power is nothing without control is the well known slogan of Pirelli Tyre Company , and is featured in numerous television and print advertisements .
Cheers earned a record 111 Emmy nominations , with a total of 26 wins .
Governors were not allowed to leave their provinces with their legions .
These settlements are nestled on mountain ridges about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad .
In 1066 , William of Normandy brought a feudal system , by which he sought advice of a council of tenants-in-chief and ecclesiastics before making laws .
Lucy and Edmund hide in the wardrobe while playing hide-and-seek , and find that it leads again into Narnia .
One of the earliest critics of Malthusian theory was Karl Marx who referred ( in Capital , see Marx 's footnote on Malthus from Capital - a reference below ) to it as '' nothing more than a schoolboyish , superficial plagiary of De Foe , Sir James Steuart , Townsend , Franklin , Wallace '' .
Obsidian was valued in Stone Age cultures because , like flint , it could be fractured to produce sharp blades or arrowheads .
The Eurasian Brown Bear ( Ursus arctos arctos ) is a subspecies of brown bear , found across northern Eurasia .
Location A mountain stream runs through the Wolong Valley ( where the Reserve is ) ; the stream is heavily armoured with boulders and smaller rounded stones .
The main river is the Lahn , a tributary of the Rhine River .
Urcel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Despite his profound effect on Persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence , few details of his life are known .
These signs were followed by great famine , and on January 8th the ravaging of heathen men destroyed God 's church at Lindisfarne .
Weingartner was born in Zara , Dalmatia , Austria -- Hungary ( now Zadar , Croatia ) , to Austrian parents , and the family moved to Graz in 1868 .
It is undisputed that this identification is Chinese in form and Buddhist in implication , which suggests that the name must have been regularized centuries after the lifetime ascribed to Itoku , possibly during the time in which legends about the origins of the Yamato dynasty were compiled as the chronicles known today as the Kojiki .
Adventures in Odyssey ( AIO ) , or simply Odyssey , is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama/comedy series created by Focus on the Family in 1987 .
Evan Michael Longoria [ ] [ ] ( born October 7 , 1985 ) is a Major League Baseball third baseman for the Tampa Bay Rays .
It was nominated in 1990 as the national insect of the United States of America , along with the honeybee ( Apis mellifera ) , but the legislation did not pass .
He currently manages the Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development branch , which handles many of Nintendo 's top-selling titles .
Théligny is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Hiroki Kishida is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. .
However the ` River Line ' , as this extension was called , was deemed too expensive and construction of the extension never proceeded .
Thomas Morstead is an American football punter . He was a fifth-round draft choice of the New Orleans Saints , 164th overall , in the 2009 NFL Draft .
The oud ( , al - ' d ) is a pear-shaped stringed instrument commonly used in Middle Eastern music .
The Yale University Library Manuscripts and Archives maintains a collection entitled '' Jane Roberts Papers ( MS 1090 ) '' documenting the career and personal life of Jane Roberts , including journals , poetry , correspondence , audio and video recordings and other materials donated after her death by Robert 's husband and other individuals and organizations .
He also said that '' Rise Against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind , but with sharp songs like these , they 're ready for the rest of the world . ''
Each player begins the game with two bishops .
He was appointed Secretary of State for Transport on 12 May 2010 , and appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
Kohl arranged the process of the German reunification and participated considerably in the European agreement process .
The Maya calendar is a system of calendars and almanacs used in the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica , and in some modern Maya communities in highland Guatemala and Oaxaca , Mexico .
The first subway route to be withdrawn was route 31 , on 1 October 1950 , with the remaining two routes , 33 and 35 , being withdrawn after service on Saturday , 5 April 1952 , the last public services being ` specials ' on the Sunday , shortly after midnight .
Cooking Channel is a television specialty channel that airs recurring ( episodic ) programs about food and cooking , owned by Scripps Networks Interactive . It is a spinoff ( in essence ) of Food Network , also owned by SNI , but focuses more on instructional shows rather than '' reality style '' and contest programming that Food Network is now geared towards .
However , The Avatar is a being able to manipulate all four elements as well as communicate with the spirits .
Columbia broke apart during re-entry in 2003 .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ( commonly referred to as the British Parliament , the Westminster Parliament or , formerly , the Imperial Parliament ) is the supreme legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories .
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Athlete are an Ivor Novello Award winning English indie rock band formed in Deptford , London , comprising Joel Pott ( lead vocals and guitar ) , Carey Willetts ( bass and backing vocals ) , Stephen Roberts ( drums and backing vocals ) and Tim Wanstall ( keyboards and backing vocals ) .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 31,516 and an area of 120.3 km .
Pelves is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer ( 1952 ) , and professor ( 1962 ) .
The influence of revolutionary Shi'ite Islam grew apace in the region , particularly in countries with large Shi'ite populations , especially Iraq .
The city of Pombal , Portugal is founded by Gualdim Pais .
The specifics of the home directory ( such as its name and location ) is defined by the operating system involved ; for example , Windows systems between 2000 and 2003 keep home directories in a folder called Documents and Settings .
Emily Jane Browning ( born 7 December 1988 ) is an Australian actress and fashion model , known for her role as Violet Baudelaire in the 2004 film Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events , as Baby Doll in the 2011 action film Sucker Punch and as Anna Ivers in the 2009 film The Uninvited . She won the 2005 AFI International Award for Best Actress for her role in A Series of Unfortunate Events .
The simple isoprenoids ( linear alcohols , diphosphates , etc. ) are formed by the successive addition of C5 units , and are classified according to number of these terpene units .
In 1831 the North-Western Provinces were created , which were subsequently included with Oudh in the United Provinces ( Uttar Pradesh ) ; Just before the First World War the whole of Northern India was divided into the four lieutenant-governorships of the Punjab , the United Provinces , Bengal , and Eastern Bengal and Assam , and the North-West Frontier Province under a Commissioner .
The main campus is located in Parkville , an inner suburb just north of the Melbourne CBD , however it has several other campuses located across Victoria .
Phoronids are worm-shaped , but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth , instead of running the length of the animal , as in annelids ( and many vertebrates ) .
Overview It was performed in 16 teams , and FC Spartak Moscow won the championship .
Time and Date AS \/O/ Steffen Thorsen , 2008 , webpage :
The House of Lords ( commonly referred to as '' the Lords '' , officially referred to as '' the Lords Spiritual and Temporal '' in Acts of Parliament , and also known as House of Peers for ceremonial purposes ) is the upper house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom 's national legislature .
CommonsTicker is the notification mechanism for problematic Common 's media files .
Goma : sesame seeds .
manager = Alberto Malesani
It was founded in 1766 on Trumpington Street with # 4,500 from the will of Dr John Addenbrooke , a fellow of St Catharine 's College .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
Mercury ( I ) nitrate is formed when elemental mercury is combined with dilute nitric acid ( concentrated nitric acid will yield mercury ( II ) nitrate ) . Mercury ( I ) nitrate is a reducing agent which is oxidized upon contact with air .
Robert Costanza ( born 14 September 1950 ) is an American ecological economist and the Gund Professor of Ecological economics and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont .
Artemis Fowl is a series of novels written by Eoin Colfer , starring a teenage criminal mastermind named Artemis Fowl II .
There were 4,931 households out of which 28.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.50 % were married couples living together , 11.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.30 % were non-families .
Nobody at school likes her and the only person she likes is Toby .
Poet and revolutionary Hristo Botev dedicated his last work to Levski , '' The Hanging of Vasil Levski '' .
While SPC has been applied most frequently to controlling manufacturing lines , it applies equally well to any process with a measurable output .
Unlike the Welsh Highland Railway , the track bed was sold off piecemeal - often reverting to the original owners , paying much less than they had sold it for originally .
Emily Tennessee Donelson was born on her father 's farm in Donelson , Tennessee .
Two towns -- Badajoz and Barcarrota -- claim to be his birthplace .
We believe in one God , the Father Almighty , Maker of heaven and earth , and of all things visible and invisible .
Project hosting : FSF hosts software development projects on their Savannah website .
July 1 -- Bulgaria takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union from Estonia .
Stefka Kostadinova ( Bulgaria ) has held the women 's world record since 1987 , the longest-held record in the event .
The service is implemented by Fall Line Studios and Disney Interactive Studios .
Caron is best known for the musical films An American in Paris (/O1951/O) , Lili (/O1953/O) , Daddy Long Legs (/O1955/O) , Gigi (/O1958/O) , and for the non-musical films Fanny (/O1961/O) , The L-Shaped Room (/O1962/O) , and Father Goose (/O1964/O) .
Brentford have been FA Cup quarter-finalists on four occasions , and have twice been Football League Trophy runners-up .
John Jay ( December 12 , 1745 May 17,1829 ) was an American politician , statesman , revolutionary , diplomat , a Founding Father of the United States , President of the Continental Congress from 1778 to 1779 and , from 1789 to 1795 , the first Chief Justice of the United States .
Gargunnock is a small village in the Stirling council area approximately seven miles west of Stirling , AA Route Planner in Scotland .
Heimskringla is a collection of sagas about the Norwegian kings , beginning with the saga of the legendary Swedish dynasty of the Ynglings , followed by accounts of historical Norwegian rulers from Harald Fairhair of the 9th century up to the death of the pretender Eystein Meyla in 1177 .
Julia Gillard is the party 's federal parliamentary leader and Prime Minister of Australia .
There are only two known symphonies in the 18th Century written in this key .
Hyde Park Corner , opened December 15 , 1906 ( In the event of disruption , trains may terminate here due to a crossover ) .
Clay theory A model for the origin of life based on clay was forwarded by A. Graham Cairns-Smith of the University of Glasgow in 1985 and explored as a plausible illustration by several other scientists , including Richard Dawkins .
After graduating third in his class , he was commissioned as a lieutenant in the 8th Infantry Division of the Manchukuo Army , and served during the final stages of World War II .
The Oklahoma City bombing of April 19 , 1995 , in which Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols detonated an explosive outside of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building , killed 168 people , including 19 children .
Human civilization is divided into four nations : the Water Tribes , the Earth Kingdom , the Air Nomads , and the Fire Nation .
Charlotte 's Web is a 1973 animated film , based upon the 1952 children 's book of the same name by E. B. White .
He founded the record label Rephlex Records in 1991 with associate , Grant Wilson-Claridge .
Proton decay has not been observed .
It consists of roughly chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry .
With 26 % protein , lentils have the third-highest level of protein , by weight , of any plant-based food after soybeans and hemp , and is an important part of the diet in many parts of the world , especially in the Indian subcontinent which has large vegetarian populations .
Giacomo della Porta ( c. 1533 -- 1602 ) was an Italian architect and sculptor , who worked on many important buildings in Rome , including St. Peter 's Basilica .
The name Leedsichthys means '' Leeds ' fish '' , after the fossil collector Alfred Nicholson Leeds , who discovered it before 1886 near Peterborough , England .
Survivor ( TV series ) , a reality television show with several international versions
Vombatus
ZIP files generally use the file extensions '' .
Mustang , the capital of Mustang District , is a town in the Baluchistan province of Pakistan .
While having not to visit Tribal Council for winning all the immunity challenges , Gregg and Tom complained about Willard 's poor work ethic and how he seemed to enjoy having a '' free ride '' as his tribe continue to win challenges while he sat out most of the time .
Minidoka is a city in Minidoka County , Idaho , United States .
Trans fats may still stack like saturated fats , and are not as susceptible to metabolization as other fats .
By greatly reducing the amount of programming required to install an application on a new manufacturer 's computer , CP\/M increased the market size for both hardware and software .
The county town is the city of Gloucester , and other principal towns include Cheltenham , Cirencester , Stroud , and Tewkesbury .
May 22 , 1802 ) was the wife of George Washington , the first president of the United States .
In addition , some mammals and biting insects avoid fire and smoke .
Because the -900 retained the same number of exits as the -800 , seating capacity was limited to 189 in a single-class layout .
The Vedic period is characterized by Indo-Aryan culture associated with the texts of Vedas , sacred to Hindus , which were orally composed in Vedic Sanskrit .
Like Mobile Suit Gundam before it , the series originally met with rather low ratings and was canceled after only 39 of its scheduled 43 episodes aired .
The peninsula is home to 257,223 people , which is approximately 51 % of Newfoundland 's population in 2009 , and is the location of the provincial capital , St. John 's .
Skathi may have been formed from debris knocked off Phoebe by large impacts at some point in the solar system 's history .
Personal development ( '' Personal growth '' )
The Baptistry , dedicated as usual to San Giovanni , is located next to the apse of the church .
Max Mirnyi ( ; born 6 July 1977 , in Minskmaxmirnyi.com ) is a professional tennis player from Belarus .
Goulburn was named by surveyor James Meehan after Henry Goulburn , Under-Secretary for War and the Colonies , and the name was ratified by Governor Lachlan Macquarie .
The City of London Police is the territorial police force responsible for law enforcement within the City of London , England , including the Middle and Inner Temple .
The Donnas are an American all-female hard rock band from Palo Alto , California .
Long term DC power cabling standard ; displaces other connectors This technology is especially useful for powering IP telephones , wireless LAN access points , cameras with pan tilt and zoom ( PTZ ) , remote network switches , embedded computers , small ethernet switches , thin clients and LCDs .
It is written in a fast-paced humorous style .
In 1938 , he was elected to the All-Southland Junior College Team for baseball and selected as the region 's Most Valuable Player .
Lex Davison (/O4/O) Michael Schumacher (/O4/O)
Bayes ' theorem expresses the conditional probability , or '' posterior probability '' , of a hypothesis H ( i.e. its probability after evidence E is observed ) in terms of the '' prior probability '' of H , the prior probability of E , and the conditional probability of E given H/O. It implies that evidence has a confirming effect if it is more likely given H than given not-H .
He was president of the Council of the League on his first appearance at Geneva in 1932 and , in a speech that made a worldwide impression , appealed for genuine adherence by its members to the principles of the Covenant of the league .
Cytokinesis is technically not even a phase of mitosis , but rather a separate process , necessary for completing cell division .
Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
The Miocene boundaries are not marked by a single distinct global event but consist rather of regional boundaries between the warmer Oligocene and the cooler Pliocene .
Bibliography ( from Greek , bibliographia , literally '' book writing '' ) , as a practice , is the academic study of books as physical , cultural objects ; in this sense , it is also known as bibliology ( from Greek , - logia ) .
There are currently no construction projects happening in Jhal Jhao .
Rounders ( ) is a game played between two teams each alternating between batting and fielding .
It is known from partial skulls and skeletons from at least four individuals of differing biological ages , found in Tithonian ( Late Jurassic ) rocks of the Morrison Formation in Colorado .
Gloria becomes angry and turns her back on Mumble . As Mumble has no heartsong , Gloria continues towards the other males visibly distraught .
Supreme Commander ( abbreviated SupCom ) is a real-time strategy computer game designed by Chris Taylor and developed by his company , Gas Powered Games .
Many epidemiologists are physicians , or hold graduate degrees such as a Master of Public Health ( MPH ) , Master of Science or Epidemiology ( MSc . ) .
Cole joined Nadine Coyle , Sarah Harding , Nicola Roberts , and Kimberley Walsh to comprise the new girl group Girls Aloud , formed through the show by a public vote on 30 November 2002 .
Adrastea ( , or as in Greek ) , also known as , is the second by distance , and the smallest of the four inner moons of Jupiter .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
She had already reportedly undergone a radical hysterectomy due to cancers of the uterus and ovaries .
Alan White ( born 14 June 1949 ) is an English rock drummer known for his work with the progressive rock band Yes .
It is found in central Argentina where it inhabits dry grasslands and sandy plains with thorn bushes and cacti .
The Stevenage Leisure Centre contains the Gordon Craig Theatre and many facilities for sports .
Physical intimacy is characterized by romantic or passionate love and attachment , or sexual activity .
John Gilbert ( 1812 ?
Due to Sanskrit 's major influence on the vocabulary of most languages in India and Asia , the term ` maharaja ' is common to many modern Indian languages , such as Hindi , Oriya , Punjabi , Bengali , Gujrati , etc./O.
With algebra , you can do addition , subtraction multiplication an division .
Meanwhile , the university 's involvement in the anti-missile Strategic Defense Initiative and investments in South Africa caused controversy on campus .
Hilton followed it up with a designer diary , also with Ginsberg , called Your Heiress Diary : Confess It All to Me .
Rick Played by Rik Mayall , Rick is a self-proclaimed anarchist who is studying sociology and/or domestic sciences ( depending on the episode ) .
He played left-back , mainly with Juventus .
As the fierce lion god Maahes of Nubia later became part of Egyptian mythology , during the time of the New Kingdom , Bastet was held to be the daughter of Amun Ra , a newly ascending deity in the Egyptian pantheon during that late dynasty .
The single 's music video features Beyoncé flirtatiously and seductively dancing with Atlanta singer Usher to portray a naughty girl .
Sensitivities vary from one person to another and it is possible to be allergic to an extraordinary range of substances .
His subsequent explanations for these purchases were also scrutinised at a council meeting , where Brown repeatedly slapped his face and got emotional .
Historical places Mohenjo Daro Joderjo Daro Thulhijo Daro Badahjo Daro Administration Dokri Taluka is administratively subdivided into 13 Union Councils .
Pontavert is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Pope Saint Leo III ( died June 12 , 816 ) was Pope from 795 to 816 .
Notrium has several endings , which differ depending on what character the player has chosen to use . Some endings are exclusive to certain characters , while others can be achieved by more than one .
Zwaanswijk played for 11 seasons in the Dutch Eredivisie including 5 years with NAC Breda .
Based on the DC Comics character Batman , the film is part of Nolan 's Batman film series and a sequel to 2005 's Batman Begins .
Along with Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley , he was one of the key figures in the second generation of the Romantic movement , despite the fact that his work had been in publication for only four years before his death .
In addition to updated graphics , the remake includes new characters , a multiplayer mode , and minigames .
The post flourished as the first navigable port on the Congo River above Livingstone Falls , a series of rapids over 300 k below Leopoldville .
The monastery has a gavit and various service buildings scattered around the site .
However , younger editors may need advice on editing Wikipedia - this page aims to be your guide .
Homer 's ubiquitous catch phrase was famously added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2001 , without the apostrophe .
He is an Honoured Member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
He was the sixth-place finalist on the fourth season of the reality television series American Idol , and lead vocalist of the hard rock band Pray for the Soul of Betty .
Guy is a town in Faulkner County , Arkansas , United States .
Stade Banfora is a multi-use stadium in Banfora , Burkina Faso .
Shortly after he signed for PSV , Reiziger said he would consider playing for the Netherlands again if the opportunity arose , but he was never recalled again , totalling 72 internationals in ten years .
History Previously a part of Saintonge , Charente-Inférieure was one of the 83 original departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The remaining party then goes to Tethe ` alla to find answers , where their goal ultimately changes from saving Sylvarant to saving the two worlds without the sacrifice of the chosens life . In order to do this , they decide that they must sever the ties between Sylvarant and Tethe ` alla to separate the worlds , thus ending the competition for mana .
