On 1 April 1881 , the city became Stadtkreis Berlin , a city district separate from Brandenburg .
Originally it was thought to be the home of gods and demons of Shinto lore , although it is predominantly known for the Buddhist monks that come from the temple of Enryaku-ji .
From 25 March to 27 March 2005 , a music and arts festival was held on the refurbished island , utilising abandoned buildings and warehouses as exhibition rooms , concert halls and shopping\/food venues .
He sang in choral festivals and at the Leeds Festival of 1913 , where he went to watch Nikisch conduct , and made the acquaintance of George Butterworth and other British composers .
In terms of field lines , this equation states that magnetic field lines neither begin nor end but make loops or extend to infinity and back .
is a Japanese footballer .
Spanish
Al-Qaeda ( or ; , ' , '' the base '' ) , alternatively spelled al-Qaida and sometimes al-Qa ` ida , is a militant Islamist group founded sometime between August 1988 and late 1989 .
Articles relating to the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , computer game , or attraction .
bar :1861 at :6240 fontsize : XS text : 6240 shift : ( -8,5 )
December September 25 Samuel Pepys has his first cup of tea , an event recorded in his diary .
is the capital and most populous city in the state of Victoria , and the second most populous city in Australia .
The widest range of odors consists of organic compounds , although some inorganic substances , such as hydrogen sulfide and ammonia , are also odorants .
Ottawa becomes the capital , and John A. Macdonald becomes the Dominion 's first prime minister .
Carpe diem is a phrase from a Latin poem by Horace ( see '' Source '' section below ) that has become an aphorism .
In the north , it is connected to the Marmara Sea and Black Sea by the Dardanelles and Bosporus .
Internationally , there are five other television programs : WWE After Burn , WWE Bottom Line , This Week in WWE , The WWE Experience and WWE Vintage Collection .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS ( Leicester , 8 February 1825 -- London , 16 February 1892 ) was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
He asserted that he required anonymity to avoid cyberstalking .
In Florida there have been scattered sightings from July to October .
Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Stefani is the lead vocalist for the rock band No Doubt .
Hugo Sperrle commanded the aircraft units of the Condor Legion and Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma commanded the ground units .
John Paintsil ( born 15 June 1981 in Berekum ) is a Ghanaian international football player who is currently under contract to the English Premier League club Fulham .
The Parliament in Baku refused even condemn the accomplishers of the massacres in Shusha and the war was started in Karabakh .
The Basilica di Santa Croce ( Basilica of the Holy Cross ) is the principal Franciscan church in Florence , Italy , and a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church .
Center for Global Nonkilling , 2002 ; 3rd ed .
The second main event of WrestleMania was a WWF Tag Team Championship match between British Bulldogs ( Davey Boy Smith and Dynamite Kid ) and Dream Team ( Greg Valentine and Brutus Beefcake ) .
Aaron Stanford as John Allerdyce / Pyro : Former Xavier Institute student Pyro can manipulate fire , although he can not start it ( he carries a lighter - attached to a cuff on his wrist - with him at all times ) .
So the bet that occurs when each player has three cards is called '' third card '' or '' third street '' , while the bet that occurs when each player has five cards is '' fifth street '' .
Bobby created some friction with his teammates by disagreeing with how the reward should be used .
Balukas was greatly incensed over the sanction and refused to pay on principle , turning away offers by others to pay the fine in her stead .
The hash commerce is controversial , but since the rules require a consensus they can not be removed unless everybody agrees .
The word brane , derived from '' membrane '' , refers to a variety of interrelated objects , such as D-branes , black p-branes and Neveu-Schwarz 5-branes .
Advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland , weakened to tropical depression strength , and are no longer the responsibility of the National Hurricane Center .
In proclaiming the new direct-rule policy to '' the Princes , Chiefs , and Peoples of India , '' Queen Victoria promised equal treatment under British law , but Indian mistrust of British rule had become a legacy of the 1857 rebellion .
UPN received better ratings on Fridays than it did before with its movie night .
Minco is a city in Grady County , Oklahoma , United States .
Most of the buildings were destroyed during the Great Fire of London in 1666 .
Bautzen I was used as an official prison , soon to be nicknamed Gelbes Elend ( '' Yellow Misery '' ) , whereas the secret Bautzen II was used as a prison for prisoners of conscience .
As in other members of the Myrtle family , Eucalyptus leaves are covered with oil glands .
He is best known for his pioneering work in the development of modern atomic theory , and his research into color blindness ( sometimes referred to as Daltonism , in his honor ) .
During the gold rush the population expanded to more than 30,000 people .
Johannes Ockeghem was treasurer at that institution , and the two composers seem to have known each other well .
Upon entering Olympus , the gods try to decide whether or not to kill Thalia , Percy , and Bessie ( the Ophiotaurus ) , as they may hold the means to destroy Olympus , according to the Great Prophecy .
He was assassinated by the Muslim Brotherhood while in office .
Contributing factors included drought in Australia and elsewhere , increasing demand for grain-fed animal products from the growing middle classes of countries such as China and India , diversion of foodgrain to biofuel production and trade restrictions imposed by several countries .
In all , he flew approximately 89 missions and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal for his service .
The tertiary sector is the main economic sector in Sion , mainly due to the presence of the cantons administration , the Valaisan parliament and the cantons courthouse .
The Battle of Manzikert played an important role in breaking the Byzantine resistance and preparing the way for Turkish settlement in Anatolia .
Corner blocks or plate blocks - compose a block of stamps from one of the four corners of the stamp sheet .
Colour arises at light-dark boundaries , and where the yellow-red and blue-violet edges overlap , you get green .
The Animikie Group is a geologic group composed of sediments that were deposited between 2,500 and 1,800 million years ago within the Animikie Basin .
Lightning Bar ( 1951 - 1960 ) was an American Quarter Horse who raced and subsequently became a breeding stallion .
His journeys lasted for a period of nearly thirty years and covered almost the entirety of the known Islamic world and beyond , extending from North Africa , West Africa , Southern Europe and Eastern Europe in the West , to the Middle East , Indian subcontinent , Central Asia , Southeast Asia and China in the East , a distance readily surpassing that of his predecessors and his near-contemporary Marco Polo .
A movie theater , cinema , movie house , picture theater , film theater is a venue , usually a building , for viewing motion pictures ( '' movies '' or '' films '' ) .
His father , Abraham Van Buren ( 1737 - 1817 ) was a farmer , the owner of six slaves , and a tavern-keeper in Kinderhook . Abraham Van Buren supported the American Revolution and later the Jeffersonian Republicans .
Hamlin won his fifth career race at Pocono Raceway on August 3 , 2009 .
May 9 & ndash ; ` Abd al-Latif Mirza ( a Timurid monarch ) is assassinated .
Farida Jafar gizi Mammadova ( born 8 August 1936 , Shirvan ) is an Azerbaijani historian who specialises in the history of ancient Caucasian Albania .
The Berlin Blockade ( 24 June 1948 -- 11 May 1949 ) was one of the first major international crises of the Cold War and the first such crisis that resulted in casualties .
In Rome , he re-built the Pantheon and constructed the Temple of Venus and Roma .
During his tenure he campaigned for the creation of the United States Department of Agriculture under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , of which he served as its inaugural Secretary for the remainder of Cleveland 's term .
The U.S. launched a missile attack aimed at Iraq 's intelligence headquarters in Baghdad 26 June 1993 , citing evidence of repeated Iraqi violations of the '' no fly zones '' imposed after the Gulf War and for incursions into Kuwait .
He took part in Captain James Cook 's first great voyage ( 1768 & ndash ; 1771 ) .
--
In response the people of Nidwalden ( Obwalden joined shortly before the document was signed , the two halves forming Unterwalden ) joined Uri and Schwyz to form an alliance which is considered the foundation of modern Switzerland .
Ununtrium is the temporary name of a synthetic element with the temporary symbol Uut and atomic number 113 .
Rancé is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
At this time , Leica moved its factory from Wetzlar to the nearby town of Solms . In 1996 Leica Camera separated from the Leica Group and became a publicly held company .
Type conversion , in computer science , changing an entity of one data type into another
Situated in the Rhine valley , the circuit is almost completely flat , with very little change in elevation .
The Circle Line connects all existing MRT lines radiating out of the city centre and allows commuters to bypass stations within the downtown area , thereby reducing congestion at the City Hall and Raffles Place interchange stations .
The long wavelength limit is the size of the universe itself , while it is thought that the short wavelength limit is in the vicinity of the Planck length , although in principle the spectrum is infinite and continuous .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
A chauffeur is an individual who operates any self-propelled vehicle ( automobile ) for a profession .
While most of the foreign fans are from Germany and Austria , the Hungaroring has traditionally seen a large influx of Finnish fans as well .
Falafel ( ; ) is a ball or patty made from ground chickpeas and\/or fava beans .
is a branch of biology and medicine that is the consideration of the structure of living things .
Traversed by the east-west main roads of the A4 Great West Road and the A40 Westway , many international corporations have offices in the borough .
Justin Lee Collins , often known as JLC , ( born 28 July 1974 ) is a British comedian , television and radio presenter from Bristol .
Seven of the former colonies of Portugal have Portuguese as their official language .
Anastasia , trying to avoid working , wanders off into the woods where she witnesses the Fairy Godmother 's magic in action .
Programme Notes : '' Prokofiev ( 1891 -- 1953 ) -- Peter and the Wolf The debut on 2 May 1936 was , in the composer 's words , inauspicious at best : '' attendance was poor and failed to attract much attention '' .
He had all the burgomasters and town councillors ( who were levying unfair taxes ) arrested simultaneously and imprisoned in the castle .
The couple had two children together , Mary ( Shelley Fabares ) and Jeff ( Paul Petersen ) .
River Avon ( disambiguation ) or Avon River ( disambiguation ) , various rivers
According to John Bear 's guide , Bircham was founded in 1992 in the United Kingdom as Oxford International University , but changed its name in 2000 .
The city is a trade center for tobacco , maize , cotton , and citrus fruits .
Turkic languages are spoken as a native language by some 165Turkic Peoples to 180 million people ; Turkic Language family tree entries provide the information on the Turkic-speaking populations and regions .
Thereafter , with the US focus shifting to Iraq , Tony Blair decided to support the United States in the 2003 invasion of Iraq , despite huge anti-war marches held in London and Glasgow .
Animal Liberation Orchestra ( also known by the initialism ALO ) is a musical group , currently signed on Jack Johnson 's Brushfire Records label .
Grawp and Hagrid were born of the same mother , the giantess Fridwulfa ; Hagrid 's father was a wizard , whereas Grawp 's father was a giant .
Gukansh , pp .
There he perfected his talents for magic , juggling , and creating balloon animals frequently performing for tips .
Also a chimerical figure may be present ; it appears to have the lower body of a woman with the upper body of a bison .
Varaville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 1997 , he was the first German to win the Tour de France .
Lewisport is a city in Hancock County , Kentucky , United States , along the Ohio River .
In 1984 , the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone .
At some time during that period Moctezuma became a prisoner in his own house .
He was part of several controversies with the Baptist Union of Great Britain , and later had to leave that denomination .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means '' divine might '' or '' god-warrior '' .
The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a conduit to transport sperm cells from the pollen grain , either from the stigma ( in flowering plants or angiosperms ) to the ovules at the base of the pistil , or directly through ovule tissue in some gymnosperms ( conifers and gnetophytes ) .
China did not have an earthquake building code until after the big Tangshan earthquake in 1976 .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
Despite the name , most of Rhode Island is on the mainland United States .
Full protection prevents editing by everyone except .
Laarne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the International Union of Geological Sciences ( IUGS ) , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .
The Waterloo & City Railway was formally opened on 11 July 1898 , and from the start was operated by the L&SWR .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Al-Adil I , the Muslim ruler of Egypt , suppresses a revolt by the Christian Copts in the city of Qift , hanging nearly 3,000 of them on the trees around the city .
Trochenbrod or Trochinbrod in Russian ( ) was a Jewish shtetl ( village ) with an area once located in western Ukraine , about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk , the nearest now existing villages are and .
The Olympic symbol , better known as the Olympic rings , consists of five intertwined rings and represents the unity of the five inhabited continents ( America , Africa , Asia , Australasia , Europe ) .
He is sometimes referred to as Christian Firtal in Denmark and Christian Kvart or Quart in Norway .
September 5 & ndash ; American Revolution : A British fleet under Thomas Graves arrives and fights de Grasse , but to no effect .
ISBN 3540200142 Wikramanayake , Eric ; Eric Dinerstein ; Colby J. Loucks ; et al. .
The town 's growth was facilitated by its role as the administrative and commercial center of German East Africa and industrial expansion resulting from the construction of the Central Railway Line in the early 1900s .
Moyet was born in Billericay , Essex , England , to a French father and English mother .
An arrowhead is a tip , usually sharpened , added to an arrow to make it more deadly or to fulfil some special purpose .
Figaro is quite pleased with their new room ; Susanna far less so .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
In a published case study of one woman , it was reported that stimulation of the anterior vaginal wall made the area grow by fifty percent and that self-reported levels of arousal/orgasm were '' deeper '' when the G-Spot was stimulated .
His childhood was clouded by disease and war , which he spent in Tashkent evacuation .
The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country , with denser growth .
The lower town was formerly the quarter of merchants and craftsmen .
The Spanish vihuela or ( in Italian ) '' '' , a guitar-like instrument of the 15th and 16th centuries , is widely considered to have been a seminal influence in the development of the guitar .
Prior to entering politics in 1974 and serving in the Bavarian parliament , he was a lawyer and worked at the University of Regensburg .
Indigenous languages Native American languages The Native American languages predate European settlement of the New World .
In eukaryotic cells also , the cytoplasm contains organelles , such as mitochondria , which are filled with liquid that is kept separate from the rest of the cytoplasm by biological membranes .
Wimereux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Press conference held in Chile February 2008 Way wrote the song '' Skylines and Turnstiles '' to express his feelings about September 11 and shortly thereafter , Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way could n't sing and play the guitar at the same time .
The Class 390 Pendolino is a type of train used in Great Britain . They are electric multiple units using Fiat 's tilting train pendolino technology and built by Alstom .
Green River 's Dry As a Bone EP followed in 1987 .
He is the son of George Adams , who is the Director of Football at the Dingwall club .
Modern American football has its origins in various games , all known as '' football '' , played at public schools in England in the mid-19th century .
The Steve Miller Band 's second album Sailor appeared in October , and climbed the Billboard chart to # 24 .
Cells in a typical liverwort plant each contain only a single set of genetic information , so the plant 's cells are haploid for the majority of its life cycle .
Sex differences The laryngeal prominence is usually more prominent in adult men than in women or prepubescent girls or boys .
Bob Jones University ( BJU ) is a private , non-denominational Protestant fundamentalist university in Greenville , South Carolina .
In Bangladesh , where such attacks are relatively common , they are mostly a form of domestic violence .
Cell theory refers to the idea that cells are the basic unit of structure in every living thing .
He made his in-ring return on the November 3 episode of Raw losing to Punk by disqualification after Ted DiBiase interfered .
An anchor is a heavy object , often made out of metal , that is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving .
Square ( slang ) , a socially awkward person or a cigarette
On December 23 , 1950 , in his pre-Christmas radio broadcast to the world , Pope Pius XII announced the discovery of Saint Peter 's tomb .
The Peace Corps is an American volunteer program run by the United States Government , as well as a governmental agency of the same name .
Rimini is a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini .
Pigman pp.41-42 WEF also organizes the '' Annual Meeting of the New Champions '' in China and a series of regional meetings throughout the year .
Qin Shi Huang conquered all opposing states and unified China in 221 BC , establishing the Qin Dynasty .
The cocoon is made of a thread of raw silk from 300 to about 900 meters ( 1,000 to 3,000 feet ) long .
it releases carbon dioxide on heating ( to above 840 C in the case of CaCO3 ) , to form calcium oxide , commonly called quicklime , with reaction enthalpy 178 kJ \/O/ mole :
The film gained widespread acclaim in Australia and New Zealand , but was not widely distributed globally .
Like its sister project Wikipedia , Wiktionary is run by the Wikimedia Foundation .
The Free City was to be represented abroad by Poland and was to be in a customs union with it .
It shares very little with the full-size Transit in terms of engineering , although is produced alongside the larger van in a new purpose built facility in Turkey .
This episode in the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century , but would prove to be a more difficult and lengthier exercise in subjugation than the equivalent campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires .
The color of the day system is not known by most of the public but it is written about a lot by newspapers , and by writers and can sometimes be seen on episodes of television shows such as NYPD Blue and recently .
Blood group AB individuals have both A and B antigens on the surface of their RBCs , and their blood serum does not contain any antibodies against either A or B antigen .
Actias luna , commonly known as the Luna Moth , is a lime-green , Nearctic Saturniid moth in the subfamily Saturniinae .
It was formerly known as the capital city of the ancient Kingdom of Srivijaya .
It is also home to the Afonso Pena International Airport , the main air terminal in the Brazilian state of Parana .
The rise in the price of silver immediately after the First World War caused the rupee to rise in value to two shillings sterling .
In 1835 the countess left her husband and family to join Liszt in Geneva ; their daughter Blandine was born there on December 18 .
Her husband John Piper designed the sets It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh , England on 16 June 1973 .
Brighton , Nova Scotia ( disambiguation )
He was the first person with acknowledged Native American ancestry and the first person with acknowledged non-European ancestry to reach either of the two highest offices in the United States government 's executive branch .
As a result , they refused to follow F. Marinos and instead created Yokohama FC , F. Marinos ' new crosstown rivals .
An Australian airline stewardess and a native of Brisbane who was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctors , she was a regular in the program from 1981 to 1984 .
He is one of the Seven Gods of Fortune ( , Shichifukujin ) , and the only one of the seven to originate from Japan .
Despite this , the Hawks were one of the league 's worst teams , and in 1955 the Hawks moved yet again , this time to St. Louis , Missouri .
Fibonacci sequences appear in biological settings , in two consecutive Fibonacci numbers , such as branching in trees , arrangement of leaves on a stem , the fruitlets of a pineapple , the flowering of artichoke , an uncurling fern and the arrangement of a pine cone .
Werner Naumann ( 16 June 1909 -- 25 October 1982 ) was a State Secretary in Joseph Goebbels ' Propagandaministerium during the Third Reich .
The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball team based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and are the defending World Series champions .
It is no article of faith that one must obey the pope to be saved .
In 2005 the contract was amended to permit the system to be extended and modified as work on the replacement myki project progresses , with the contract being able to be terminated on six months notice .
Major cities include : Nanning , Liuzhou , Guilin , Beihai .
The region consists of twelve states in the north-central United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , South Dakota , Ohio and Wisconsin .
The band was formed with this lineup from the band Sunnyglade in 2001 .
Windows Server 2003 ( also referred to as Win2K3 ) is a server operating system produced by Microsoft .
Koji Homma ( born 27 April 1977 in Hitachi , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
His biggest international success was Brian Auger 's '' Happiness Is Just Around the Bend '' in 1983 , which has in recent times been sampled by several R&B artists , as well as hitting the charts again as a remix by UK Hardcore Rave group Altern-8 in 1991 .
Umbriel , along with another Uranian satellite Ariel , was discovered by William Lassell on October 24 , 1851 .
Gilles de Binche ( called Binchois ) , also known as Gilles de Bins ( c. 1400 - 20 September 1460 ) , was a Franco-Flemish composer , one of the earliest members of the Burgundian School , and one of the three most famous composers of the early 15th century .
If these instruments did not transpose at the octave many of their pitches would be written far above or below the staff , making reading comparatively cumbersome .
She has also traveled to Japan , China , Russia , Europe , Malaysia , Singapore , Laos , Myanmar , and Thailand .
Much of the tumbled stone was reused to build palaces , churches , hospitals and other buildings elsewhere in Rome .
This addition to the mass was made by Martin Luther in his Deutsche Messe and remains traditional in Lutheran Churches .
Believing that an article has an owner of this sort is a common mistake people make on Wikipedia .
'' You Kent Always Say What You Want '' , formerly known as '' Kent State Massacre '' , is the twenty-second episode of The Simpsons eighteenth season , airing on May 20 , 2007 as part of the one-hour season finale , alongside the episode '' 24 Minutes '' ; a repeat took place on August 19 , 2007 .
After G. E. Moore 's resignation in 1939 , Wittgenstein , who was by then considered a philosophical genius , was appointed to the chair in Philosophy at Cambridge .
Bald Eagle , the national bird of the United States
The leader for several seasons was Georg Totschnig , who recorded top 10 finishes in the Tour de France and was an excellent climber .
It reacts with water to form barium hydroxide .
Miss Geraldine Grundy , a teacher at Riverdale High .
In common usage , an expense or expenditure is an outflow of money to another person or group to pay for an item or service , or for a category of costs .
The 2007 edition of this event ( scheduled to be held December 2 at the Cricket Arena in Charlotte , North Carolina ) was canceled for unknown reasons in February 2007 shortly after all WWE PPV events became tri-branded .
This trend is most evident in the tiny Pomeranian , which was originally a much larger dog closer to the size of a Keeshond before being bred down to make an acceptable court animal and is also regarded by some today as to being a '' prop '' type dog .
The Electric Company employed sketch comedy and other devices to provide an entertaining program to help elementary-school-age children develop their reading skills .
He is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism , and one of the first modern proponents of anarchism .
The series was created by C. H. Greenblatt , a former storyboard artist on SpongeBob SquarePants and The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy .
Point Mutaations where the wrong base is put in .
Family Raoellidae
Cluster headache , nicknamed '' suicide headache '' , is a neurological disease that involves , as its most prominent feature , an immense degree of pain .
Lennon would describe this song , along with '' Mean Mr. Mustard '' , in The Beatles Anthology as '' a bit of crap I wrote in India '' .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2007 p. 26 .
The image was eventually proven to be a parody , the clouds having been photo-manipulated to include hands , as in the Goatse .
It is also included in Orthodox Bibles as a standalone book .
The territory was declared an independent nation in 1977 , and changed its name to the Republic of Djibouti . Djibouti joined the United Nations on September 20 , 1977 .
Die Hard with a Vengeance ( also known as Die Hard 3 ) is a 1995 American action film and the third in the Die Hard film series .
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 411-453 .
Mario cleans up the island with a device called FLUDD ( Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device ) invented by Professor E. Gadd .
Scranton is a city in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
In 2004 he was appointed Finance Spokesman for National and eventually succeeded Don Brash as the National Party leader in 2006 .
Another use of the term lies in describing the transfer of information between and within cells , as in signal transduction .
It is the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise , created by George Lucas and directed by Steven Spielberg .
Phenotypes result from the expression of an organism 's genes as well as the influence of environmental factors and the interactions between the two .
It is the communication link between sellers and buyers for the purpose of influencing , informing , or persuading a potential buyer 's purchasing decision .
bar :1861 at :6240 fontsize : XS text : 6240 shift : ( -8,5 )
Gelder 2007 Gelder identified six key ways in which subcultures can be understood :
Aftershocks were felt through December .
Like their previous albums , The Wall is a concept album which deals largely with the theme of personal isolation .
Another 4 % of the population follow Hinduism and Sikhism .
Upon confronting the gathered Cullen allies and witnesses , the Volturi discover that they have been misinformed and immediately execute Irina for her mistake .
He is best known for being singer and bassist of the band Rage .
Middle East and North Africa : Challenge to Western Security by Peter Duignan and L.H. Gann , Hoover Institution Press , 1981 , ISBN 978-0817973926 ( page 22 ) A sacred quality is sought in the nation and in the popular memories it evokes .
Pakistan shares a long and porous border with Afghanistan ( also called the Durand Line ) .
Banjul ( formerly Bathurst ) , officially the City of Banjul , is the capital of The Gambia , and located within the division of the same name .
Boredom has been defined by C. D. Fisher in terms of its central psychological processes : '' an unpleasant , transient affective state in which the individual feels a pervasive lack of interest in and difficulty concentrating on the current activity . ''
After the rising of 1863 , Russification of Polish secondary schools was imposed and the literacy rate dropped dramatically .
It is unusual among production companies in that it is a ministry of a local church , Sherwood Baptist Church .
Most of the state falls in the humid subtropical climate zone .
John Evander Couey ( September 19 , 1958 -- September 30 , 2009 ) was an American sex offender convicted of kidnapping , raping , and murdering nine-year old Jessica Lunsford in February 2005 , in Florida .
The town is the capital of Daska Tehsil one of four tehsils of Sialkot District .
Flagellation and the Flagellants , Sir Eyre was removed from the service on the 21 May 1816 because of the scandal he caused in the Christ 's Hospital school for boys .
Following the revelation of a guest 's secret , either by guessing or by the host 's revelation once the game was over , the host typically either interviewed the contestant about their secret , or , if applicable , the contestant did some kind of demonstration of their secret .
The Reeperbahn is a street in Hamburg 's St. Pauli district , one of the two centres of Hamburg 's nightlife and also the city 's red-light district .
Parker taught at a two-room schoolhouse in Smithland for several years , until she married her next door neighbor , Earl Parker , on April 12 , 1913 .
Noritaka Hidaka ( born May 29 , 1947 ) is a former Japanese football player .
European Union Brussels serves as capital of the European Union , hosting the major political institutions of the Union .
This is also because of a second , perhaps less obvious , structural difference between knitting and crochet .
For the 1958 model year , Edsel produced four models , including the larger Mercury-based Citation and Corsair , and the smaller Ford-based Pacer and Ranger .
Fish is traditionally more widely eaten on the west coast of Jutland , where fishing is a major industry .
Adam Nyerere Bahner ( born July 6 , 1982 in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) , better known by the pseudonym Tay Zonday , is an American musician , poster on YouTube and voice actor .
It is a tributary of the Chenab River and has a total length of about 480 miles ( 774 kilometers ) .
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets sea water .
He was one of Henry Lawrence 's Young Men , ` advisers ' to the Sikhs , after the First Sikh War ( 1846 ) Isobel Shaw , Pakistan Handbook , Hong Kong , Local Colour Limited , ( 1998 ) P. 519 .
Structural engineers are most commonly involved in the design of buildings and large nonbuilding structures but they can also be involved in the design of machinery , medical equipment , vehicles or any item where structural integrity affects the item 's function or safety .
Heroes ( TV series ) , an American television Sci-fi series created by Tim Kring
The musical is based on 1973 play Sweeney Todd , the Demon Barber of Fleet Street by Christopher Bond .
September & ndash ; Following the death of Louis I of Hungary and Poland :
The company struggled for survival and made the Continental-engined Land Rover-like C20 until 1956 .
Alquines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In the wake of the coup , Britain and the U.S. selected Fazlollah Zahedi to be the next prime minister of a military government , and Shah Pahlevi made the appointment but dismissed him two years later .
Jinnah had initially avoided joining the All India Muslim League , founded in 1906 , regarding it as too Muslim oriented .
Each team plays four teams from another division within its own conference once on a rotating three-year cycle : two at home , and two on the road ( four games ) .
The new cantons had been part of Belgium for just 20 years when in 1940 they were retaken by Germany in World War II .
The CBO became a full time organisation in 1944 , changing its name to the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra in 1948 .
The Ghana Empire or Wagadou Empire ( existed c. 790-1076 ) was located in what is now southeastern Mauritania , and Western Mali .
For example : a template might be used with all the states of the United States and with the District of Columbia .
They have released four full-length albums to date , expanding their musical borders from early raw sludge and post-hardcore riffs to later psychedelic multi-layered songs , yet maintaining a retro , progressive style with unusual time signatures and odd instrumentation .
The brain and spinal cord together make up the central nervous system .
In 2004 , the festival organizers decided to expand the dates to two days per city , but poor ticket sales forced the 2004 tour to be canceled .
The criteria for bipolar do not include depressive episodes and the presence of mania in the absence of depressive episodes is sufficient for a diagnosis .
Abu Mo'in Hamid ad-Din Nasir ibn Khusraw al-Qubadiani or N sir Khusraw Qub diy n spelled as Nasir Khusrow and Naser Khosrow ( 1004 - 1088 AD ( , ) was a Persian poet , philosopher , Isma'ili scholar and a traveler .
This book takes them to Baia .
Steve Rowe ( born January 1965 ) is the founder , bass guitarist , and vocalist of the Australian Christian death metal band Mortification which was considered to be a major pioneer in the genre .
The choir continues to thrive under the current Master of Music , Martin Baker , who has held the post since 2000 .
The song '' Desperate '' is a cover of the German band Stanfour .
Bohemians can be wanderers , adventurers , or vagabonds .
A toddler is a young child who is of the age of learning to walk .
Although katakana syllabograms are used almost exclusively with the Japanese language , its inventory consists of some fifty arbitrary basic glyphs that can be described independent of language , not all of which are used in contemporary Japanese orthography .
Jack Davenport ( born 1 March 1973 ) is an English actor , best known for his roles in the television series This Life , Coupling and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1947/1948 season .
Standing on the banks of the River Usk , it is located about east of Cardiff , and is the largest urban area within the historic county boundaries of Monmouthshire and the preserved county of Gwent .
It was published by Hasbro Interactive ( which was sold to Infogrames , and is now known as Atari ) .
It occurs in the muscles of animals when they need energy faster than the blood can supply oxygen .
The band changed its name from Xero to Hybrid Theory .
On January 29 , 2007 , Melina became the number one contender for the WWE Women 's Championship , and introduced her finisher from the independent circuit , the Kyrapractor , to WWE under the new name California Dream .
Her letter on the subject seems very cool , but her stepmother assures us in the Augustus Hare Life and Letters that Maria loved him very much and did not get over the affair quickly .
In January 2009 , the '' A Beautiful Lie '' video was certified gold by MTV International .
Absolute zero is the theoretical temperature at which entropy reaches its minimum value . The laws of thermodynamics state that absolute zero can not be reached using only thermodynamic means .
Fritz Laband ( 1 November 1925 - 3 January 1982 ) was a German footballer .
Adapted into a play , it was titled Camile in English and became the basis for Verdi 's 1853 opera , La Traviata , Duplessis undergoing yet another name change , this time to Violetta Valery .
In contrast the Senate is made up of two senators from each state , regardless of population .
Only seven people attended his funeral .
The license is regarded as a weak copyleft . Specifically , source code copied or changed under the MPL must stay under the MPL .
While Californian voters did not pass a 1972 proposal placing a 5-year moratorium on nuclear plant construction , anti-nuclear groups campaigned to stop construction of several proposed plants in the seventies , especially those located on the coast and near fault lines .
Therefore the first four chapters lay out his case that selection in nature , caused by the struggle for existence , is analogous to the selection of variations under domestication , and that the accumulation of adaptive variations provides a scientifically testable mechanism for evolutionary speciation .
Kasem founded the popular American Top 40 franchise in 1970 , hosting it from 1970 to 1988 and then from 1998 to 2004 .
Zermatt is famed as a mountaineering and ski resort of the Swiss Alps .
However , in September 2007 the IOA announced that the debut race would take place in 2010 on the Jaypee Group Circuit in Greater Noida .
Database entry includes justification for why this subspecies is vulnerable
Summer 1949 brought an unwanted distraction for Robinson .
The compilation contained Piper 's single releases as well as B-sides .
Here is a list of host plants used by Montezuma 's Cattleheart :
During battle , the player may fight , use an item , switch the active Pokémon , or flee ( the last not an option in battles against trainers ) .
Eunomia was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis on July 29 , 1851 and named after Eunomia , one of the Horae ( Hours ) , a personification of order and law in Greek mythology .
Democrats are strongest in the east , especially in the cities of Detroit , Ann Arbor , Flint , and Saginaw .
It was seen as intermediary between gracile Australopithecus and Homo .
The rallies were held annually from 1927 to 1938 in Nuremberg .
Grahame 's conspicuous temper tantrums divided viewer opinion during her time on Big Brother and subsequently led to her being given her own reality television show entitled Princess Nikki .
It is known from six partial skeletons , including part of a skull , which have been found in the United States , in Colorado , Oklahoma , Utah , and Wyoming .
Number theory Abstract algebra Group theory Order theory Foundations and philosophy In order to clarify the foundations of mathematics , the fields of mathematical logic and set theory were developed .
The Arch of Constantine ( Italian : Arco di Costantino ) is a triumphal arch in Rome , situated between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill .
The true Egyptian pronunciation remains uncertain , however , because hieroglyphs do not have vowels .
In Roman Catholic teaching , every heresy is a schism .
Illegal smuggling of tobacco became prevalent , and many leaders of the Nazi anti-smoking campaign were executed .
Eton Fives is played competitively as a doubles game , as opposed to Rugby Fives , which is played as both a singles and a doubles game .
The west central coast , including Hillsborough , Pinellas , Pasco , and Hernando counties , is the Tampa Bay Area or the Suncoast .
Oryx Douala is a football club from Douala , Cameroon , that achieved most of its success in the 1960s .
Acting and modeling Klum has been on the cover of fashion magazines , including Vogue , ELLE and Marie Claire .
The surviving species consist of the platypus and 4 species of echidna .
Written by Himself was published .
After appearing with Joe E. Brown in Alibi Ike and James Cagney in The Irish in Us , she played opposite Errol Flynn in such highly popular films as Captain Blood , The Charge of the Light Brigade (/O1936/O) , and as Maid Marian to Flynn 's Robin Hood in The Adventures of Robin Hood (/O1938/O) .
France spends in 2010 2.5 % of its GDP on defense , slightly more than the United Kingdom ( 2.3 % ) and the highest in the European Union where defense spending generally accounts to less than 1.5 % of GDP .
It is located in the Church of S. Pietro in Vincoli in Rome .
Airbending , the style Aang primarily uses in the show , is based on an '' internal '' Chinese martial art called Baguazhang .
Their debut was marked by a tripartite release , consisting of a single , an album and a DVD : Real Face , Best of KAT-TUN and Real Face Film .
William Hilton Hovell ( 26 April 1786 -- 9 November 1875 ) was an English explorer of Australia .
The opposite of richness is poverty .
Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .
} April 12 , 2003 Ongoing MBS Radio
Only one parent is involved in asexual reproduction .
Mouchamps is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Since January 2003 , the company eSYS Information Systems is responsible for the development of Gibraltar .
Tomoki Ikemoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
He then went on to say that she had joined the cast of partner Tim Burton 's 2010 film , Alice in Wonderland .
Saint Martin ( ) , officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin ( French : Collectivité de Saint-Martin ) is an overseas collectivity of France located in the Caribbean .
is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square ( now Square Enix ) in 1988 for the Family Computer as the second installment of the Final Fantasy series .
Balokassar is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Cathode rays ( also called an electron beam or e-beam ) are streams of electrons observed in vacuum tubes , i.e. evacuated glass tubes that are equipped with at least two metal electrodes to which a voltage is applied , a cathode or negative electrode and an anode or positive electrode .
Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is situated on the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung ( Gyeongbok Palace ) in Jongno-gu , Seoul , and uses replicas of historical objects to illustrate the folk history of the Korean people .
September 21 -- King Henry IV of England calls his ninth parliament .
This led Captain Cook to undertake another voyage into the South Pacific .
In 2005 , Martin wrote and starred in '' [ [ Shopgirl ] ] '' , based on his own [ [ novella ] ] .
Years of marriage Evelyn married Barbirolli in 1939 after he had divorced his first wife .
Undated Catherine of Siena visits Pope Gregory XI in Avignon to attempt to persuade him to make peace with Florence and move the Papacy back to Rome .
After Chantal passed Bermuda , a ship with the call sign C60Y4 recorded sustained winds of 37 mph ( 59 km\/h ) over the open waters of the north Atlantic Ocean .
A full GSM ( GSM-900 and GSM-1800 ) , CDMA and TDMA mobile phone network is in place through out the MTR system of stations and tunnels allowing passengers to stay connected underground .
East Sutton is small in number of dwellings but relatively large in area : the parish has a women 's prison , a council estate of 16 houses and the church of St Peter and Saint Paul .
Rick Springfield ( born Richard Lewis Springthorpe , 23 August 1949 , Sydney ) is an Australian-American songwriter , musician and actor .
In 1974 -- 75 , he also had a fine season with the Vancouver Canucks , with 72 games played and six shutouts .
There Shines found work in the construction industry but continued to play in local bars .
The film is loosely based on two X-Men comic book story arcs : writer Chris Claremont 's and artist John Byrne 's '' The Dark Phoenix Saga '' and writer Joss Whedon 's and artist John Cassaday 's six-issue '' Gifted '' arc .
Avery County was the last county created in North Carolina .
A 1772 newspaper article describes an instrument called the '' basse-tube , '' invented by G. Lott in Paris in 1772 .
When the flag is displayed outside a building , it shall be displayed on or in front of the building only from a flagpole .
This event occurs at the December solstice , when the southern hemisphere is tilted towards the sun to its maximum extent .
Mount Olivet Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in Chicago , Illinois .
In cosmology , cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) radiation ( also CMBR , CBR , MBR , and relic radiation ) is thermal radiation filling the universe almost uniformly .
Quartz is the second most abundant mineral in the Earth 's continental crust , after feldspar .
Two dams straddle the Nile river at this point : the newer Aswan High Dam ( , as-Sad al - ` Aly ) , and the older Aswan Dam or Aswan Low Dam .
Lorenzo Jules Staelens ( born April 30 , 1964 , in Kortrijk ) is a retired Belgian footballer and a current manager .
Tomoyuki Hirase ( born 23 May 1977 in Kagoshima ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai of the J-League .
Besides his popular science writing , Zimmer also gives frequent lectures , and has been on many radio shows , including National Public Radio 's Fresh Air and This American Life .
Reducing agents can be ranked by increasing strength by ranking their oxidation potentials .
It is the second administrative area of Mali and covers an area of 90,120 km .
Yoon Jung-Hwan ( born 16 February 1973 in Gwangju , South Korea ) is a South Korean former football player , currently manager of Sagan Tosu .
Mad About You is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 23 , 1992 to May 24 , 1999 .
Swallows and Amazons is a series of children 's books by English author Arthur Ransome , named after the title of the first book in the series .
Passengers can interchange with tram routes 86 , 95 and 96 along Bourke Street ; 31 , 109 , and 112 on Collins Street ; and the free City Circle Tram .
The largest cities of the region are Mopti , Sévaré , Djenné , Bandiagara , Bankass , and Youvarou .
In 1998 he was appointed president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , and settled in London , where the headquarters of the bank is located .
The towns area is about 78.15 square kilometer .
While little is known about the life of this creature , it is believed to feed on prey such as chaetognatha , large fish like the Patagonian toothfish and other squid in the deep ocean using bioluminescence .
From 1970 to 1974 , he was a member of the SPD .
Bucéels is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ian James Thorpe OAM ( born 13 October 1982 in Sydney , New South Wales ) , nicknamed the Thorpedo or Thorpey , is a former Australian freestyle swimmer .
The Kentucky Derby is a Grade I stakes race for three year-old Thoroughbred horses , held annually in Louisville , Kentucky , on the first Saturday in May , capping the two-week-long Kentucky Derby Festival .
Raeder was also one of the 24 charged at the Nuremberg Trials and get imprisoned .
Zenith offered a cable modem technology using its own protocol which it introduced in 1993 , being one of the first cable modem providers .
is a retired Japanese football player .
In 2001 , Chase won the role as the voice of the lead character , Chihiro Ogino , a 10 year old Japanese girl , in the American dub of the animated Japanese feature , Spirited Away .
Richard Briers was appointed OBE in 1989 , and CBE in 2003 .
Isabella I ( ) , also Isabel I or Zabel I , ( 27 January 1216 \/O/ 25 January 1217 -- Ked , 23 January 1252 ) was the queen regnant of Cilician Armenia ( 1219-1252 ) .
Year 20 ( XX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Santa Clara was the capital of historical Las Villas and still capital of Villa Clara .
Brandon Dawayne Roy ( born July 23 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association .
James Emory '' Jimmie '' Foxx ( October 22 , 1907 - July 21 , 1967 ) , nicknamed '' Double X '' and '' The Beast '' , was a right-handed American Major League Baseball first baseman and noted power hitter .
The leading character , Viola , is shipwrecked on the shores of Illyria during the opening scenes . She loses contact with her twin brother , Sebastian , whom she believes to be dead .
Year 1452 ( MCDLII ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The band 's music received praise across the music media , especially from the BBC , before they gained mainstream success .
The 1934 University of Michigan yearbook , the Michiganensian , included the following quote from Grantland Rice : '' Wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the Middle-West this year .
Oracle bones with ancient Chinese writing from the Shang Dynasty have been radiocarbon dated to as early as 1500 BC .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Suborder Iguania -- ( the agamids , chameleons , iguanids .
In the late 1920s , the young actor moved to Berlin where he worked with German playwright Bertolt Brecht , most notably in his Mann ist Mann .
Nevertheless , its operating practices are the same as those of the three subway lines : the route is fully isolated from road traffic and pedestrians , the stations are fully covered , and the trains are boarded through many doors from high platforms within a fare-paid zone set off by a barrier .
This is little more than a high powered xbox .
In 1905 , it was decided to change the colors to make it distinct from Racing Club .
He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the Japanese monarchy , being subsequently released in 1904 and going to the United States .
England won the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 defeating Australia in the final by 7 wickets .
First everyone thought they were Indo-Chinese tigers , But now they have a own subspecies .
Construction on the northern section of the Grand Canal of China is begun .
Rajeev Kumar ( ) is an activist and educator from New Delhi , India .
Bob -- Saverio Guerra Bob is an old high school classmate of Reggie 's who is short , annoying , and during the first two seasons refers to himself in the third person .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
He was the father of three kings of France : Louis XVI , Louis XVIII and Charles X.
Stern ( surname ) , a family name
Use renewable feedstock : Use raw materials and feedstock that are renewable rather than depleting .
Barrett revealed that this group was going to form no matter who wound up winning NXT , stating that the seven of them had formed a '' Nexus '' and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished .
Deutsche Welle ( , with a [ v ] sound ) or DW , is Germany 's international broadcaster .
McDonald 's massacre in San Ysidro , California : in a fast-food restaurant , James Oliver Huberty opens fire , killing 21 people and injuring 19 others before being shot dead by police .
The other Bohemians go out , but Rodolfo remains alone for a moment in order to finish an article he is writing , promising to join his friends soon .
Phineas Taylor Barnum ( July 5 , 1810 - April 7 , 1891 ) was an American showman , businessman , and entertainer , remembered for promoting celebrated hoaxes and for founding the circus that became the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus .
His nephews include Richard Keynes ( born 1919 ) a physiologist ; and Quentin Keynes ( 1921 -- 2003 ) an adventurer and bibliophile .
Horsforth is a town and civil parish within the metropolitan borough of the City of Leeds , in West Yorkshire , England , lying to the north west of Leeds .
Rodrigo Ferrante Taddei ( born 6 March 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who currently plays for Roma .
He is regarded as the father of Chinese historiography because of his highly praised work , Records of the Grand Historian ( or ) , a '' Jizhuanti '' style general history of China covering more than two thousand years from the Yellow Emperor to Emperor Han Wudi ( or ) .
Year 1525 ( MDXXV ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
As a result , the Canucks were allowed to dress three alternate captains in games , as opposed to the league standard of two .
The Texas Flag Code assigns the following symbolism to the colors of the Texas flag : blue stands for loyalty , white for purity , and red for bravery .
The Hijra ( ) is the migration of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and his followers to the city of Medina in 622 ( Common Era ) .
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The refractive index of a transparent material indicates how much slower light propagates in that medium than in a vacuum , being the ratio of c to the speed of light in the material .
The APX ( also known as the '' Aluminium Performance Crossover '' ) is an aluminium concept vehicle revealed at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show built on Lotus Engineering 's Versatile Vehicle Architecture ( VVA ) .
Baron-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Everton Football Club are an English professional football club from the city of Liverpool .
Several different Latin American Spanish dubs of the Care Bears exist , as the movies and the TV series were dubbed in many countries by different cast members throughout the years .
Other systematists classify Charophyceae as a class under division Charophyta , with Chlorophyta remaining a distinct division .
The Battle of Gettysburg ( locally , with an ss sound ) , fought July 1 & ndash ; 3 , 1863 , in and around the town of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , was the battle with the largest number of casualties in the American Civil WarThe Battle of Antietam , the culmination of Lee 's first invasion of the North , had the largest number of casualties in a single day , about 23,000 .
The park provides one of the last natural habitats at the Little River Gorge for the endangered Brush-tailed Rock Wallaby .
After contesting West Bromwich East in the general election in October 1974 , he became the MP for Putney in the 1979 general election .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which was still a controversial topic at that time .
The Belgium national football team ; ; ; represents Belgium in association football and is controlled by the Belgian Football Association , the governing body for football in Belgium .
Early Life and Marriage Anna was born at Flatbrook , near Morristown , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
Common applications In relation to hazards and disasters , vulnerability is a concept that links the relationship that people have with their environment to social forces and institutions and the cultural values that sustain and contest them .
Aarre Merikanto ( 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 ) was a Finnish composer .
Structural engineers must ensure their designs satisfy given design criteria , predicated on safety ( e.g. structures must not collapse without due warning ) or serviceability and performance ( e.g. building sway must not cause discomfort to the occupants ) .
The lifetime risk for breast cancer in the United States is usually given as about 1 in 8 ( 12 % ) of women by age 95 , with a 1 in 35 ( 3 % ) chance of dying from breast cancer .
The computer features a glossy LED backlit display and a full-size keyboard , as well as a large trackpad that responds to iPad-related Multi-Touch gestures such as pinching , swiping , and rotating .
Writing in the heyday of the British Empire , Conrad drew upon his experiences in the French and later the British Merchant Navy to create short stories and novels that reflect aspects of a worldwide empire while also plumbing the depths of the human soul .
San Ignacio de Sabaneta is the capital and a municipality of Santiago Rodriguez in the northwestern part of the Dominican Republic .
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
III .
This episode had the show 's cast singing and dancing .
Ireland making their World Cup debut tied with Zimbabwe and defeated Pakistan to progress to the second round , where they went on to defeating Bangladesh to get promoted to the main ODI table . Following their defeat to Ireland , the Pakistani coach Bob Woolmer was found dead in his hotel room ; contrasting reports from different sources say that he was either murdered or died of natural causes .
An archivist is a professional who assesses , collects , organizes , preserves , maintains control over , and provides access to information determined to have long-term value .
A pact of non-aggression and friendship is signed between the Roman Empire , represented by Tiberius , and the German tribe the Cherusci , represented by their King Segimer .
Neptune is similar in composition to Uranus , and both have compositions which differ from those of the larger gas giants Jupiter and Saturn .
Years later , once Simba is an adult , he encounters Nala , who is hunting Pumbaa .
There have been several efforts to restore it , as well as discoveries of previously lost footage .
'' Come as You Are '' is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana , written by frontman Kurt Cobain and released as the second single from the band 's second studio album Nevermind in 1992 .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , where he wrestles on the Raw brand as Skip Sheffield , but is currently inactive due to an injury .
The design of the analog joystick , which used a weak rubber boot rather than springs to provide centering , proved to be ungainly and unreliable .
Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the German-speaking section of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Napakiak is a city in Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Cristobal peaked the next day with winds of .
The signing caused a rift between Soundgarden and its traditional audience .
At the very least , Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Democratic-Republicans .
Galena has three schools .
People were afraid of ghosts , but spirits of ancestors could also help his\/her living relatives , and they were asked to help .
Saint-Vigor-le-Grand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Super Mario Bros. is a 1985 platform video game developed by Nintendo , published for the Nintendo Entertainment System as a sequel to the 1983 game Mario Bros. .
Flavio Biondo , in Italia Illustrata ( 1531 ) thought it was invented by the Lombards after their invasion of Italy in the 6th century .
Cubeb ( Piper cubeba ) , or tailed pepper , is a plant in genus Piper , cultivated for its fruit and essential oil .
The actual number of air victories required to officially qualify as an '' ace '' has varied , but is usually considered to be five or more .
Morwell is the heart of Victoria 's energy center , the Latrobe Valley .
In common with the younger Australopithecus africanus , A. afarensis was slenderly built .
Green tea also contains carotenoids , tocopherols , ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) , minerals such as chromium , manganese , selenium or zinc , and certain phytochemical compounds .
Martin Vilallonga ( born 7 October 1970 ) is a former Argentine footballer .
Feather Linux has tried to include software that people would frequently be using on their desktop .
Planques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Commercial cultivars of bananas and pineapples are examples of seedless fruits .
Scientific achievements and credits His papers on inbreeding , mating systems , and genetic drift make him a principal founder of theoretical population genetics , along with R. A. Fisher and J. B. S. Haldane .
He retained his supporters , however , and on 22 August 1806 , the Edinburgh East India Club and a number of gentlemen from India gave what was described as '' an elegant entertainment '' to '' Warren Hastings , Esq. , late Governor-General of India '' , who was then on a visit to Edinburgh .
In September of 1999 , she released her second single '' Strong Woman '' , which also a commercial success .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
The Cowboys joined the NFL as a 1960 expansion team .
UK General Election 2005 from The Guardian
Monetary reform and the introduction of the Deutsche Mark in 1948 helped return banking to normality .
R. Borlax ( 2003 , Pluto Records ; re-release , 2007 , Koch Records )
The city is the administrative and economic center of Mauritania .
When a person is sexually aroused by bondage , it may be considered a paraphilia , known as vincilagnia ( from Latin vincio , to bind or fetter with chains , and lagneia , lust ) .
The city has two major universities that are part of the University of Arkansas System . The campuses of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock and the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences are located within Little Rock .
In general , a region is a medium-scale area of land or water , smaller than the whole areas of interest ( which could be , for example , the world , a nation , a river basin , mountain range , and so on ) , and larger than a specific site .
It was discovered by C. H. F. Peters on September 19 , 1865 , and named after Io , a lover of Zeus in Greek mythology .
He worked for the withdrawal of Soviet forces in Iran and a ceasefire to fighting in Kashmir .
The earliest version of Sketches by Boz was published by John Macrone in two series : the first as a two-volume set in February 1836 , just a month before the publication of the first number of The Pickwick Papers ( 1836-37 ) , and a '' Second Series '' in August 1836 .
Kannur ( ) , also known as Cannanore , is a city and a municipality in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Geisha practiced the common entertainments enjoyed by the people of that time , and were much more accessible to the casual visitor .
Oswaldo de Oliveira Filho ( born , December 5 , 1950 , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football manager .
After the constitutional amendment bill has passed both the parliamentary stage and the referendum , it then receives Royal Assent .
The construction of the Aswan High Dam across the Nile River in the 1960s reduced the inflow of freshwater and nutrient-rich silt from the Nile into the eastern Mediterranean , making conditions in the eastern Mediterranean even more like the Red Sea , thus increasing the impact of the invasions and facilitating the occurrence of new ones .
Tak Matsumoto , who was already a professional guitarist in band TM Network led by Tetsuya Komuro , had been extremely busy with various recording sessions and live performances .
China 's Olympic Games people made the route of the torch through the country shorter .
Life Alexei was born on 12 August 1904 ( 30 July , O.S. ) in Peterhof .
Support lifecycle Windows 2000 has now been superseded by newer Microsoft operating systems : Windows 2000 Server products by Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 , and Windows 2000 Professional by Windows XP Professional and Windows Vista Business .
leader_name = Marius Ioan Ursaciuc
There was a terrible accident during the race , when the engine on the Vanwall of Stuart Lewis-Evans seized and the car spun and crashed .
The King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California and the Islamic Cultural Center of Italy in Rome represent two of Saudi Arabia 's largest investments in foreign mosques as former Saudi king Fahd bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud contributed US$ 8 million and US$ 50 million to the two mosques , respectively .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , pronounced , like '' noah '' , is a scientific agency within the United States Department of Commerce focused on the conditions of the oceans and the atmosphere .
Near drowning is the survival of a drowning event involving unconsciousness or water inhalation and can lead to serious secondary complications , including death , after the event .
Parts of this table are based on the SeaMonkey release notes , the roadmap and the meeting notes . SeaMonkey consists of a web browser ( SeaMonkey Navigator ) , which is a descendant of the Netscape family , an e-mail and news client program ( SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird ) , an HTML editor ( SeaMonkey Composer ) and an IRC client ( ChatZilla ) .
Salvatore Bagni ( born 25 September 1956 in Correggio ) is a former Italian football .
and summarized at Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development/ORGANIZATION. , ascd.org Devlin , Keith , Mathematics : The Science of Patterns : The Search for Order in Life , Mind and the Universe ( Scientific American Paperback Library ) 1996 , ISBN 978-0-7167-5047-5 formulate new conjectures , and establish truth by rigorous deduction from appropriately chosen axioms and definitions .
Irish and English sausages normally have a lot of '' rusk , '' or bread crumbs , and are less meaty than sausages from other countries .
While at Charterhouse he met his wife , Ruth Turner ( 6 October 1892-6 January 1942 ) , who lived in Godalming , and they were married in 1914 , just six days before Britain and Germany went to war .
Wembley Stadium will also be used again at the 2012 Games , although that stadium is a completely rebuilt structure on the same site as the 1948 stadium .
-- October 29 , 1911 ) was a Hungarian-American publisher best known for posthumously establishing the Pulitzer Prizes and ( along with William Randolph Hearst ) for originating yellow journalism .
Amongst other consequences , very little building work was carried out , and as a result the town entered the 21st century with much of its original streetscape and architecture intact .
Hyosus
I am also a tenured professor of theology ; feel free to have a look at my Wikipedia user page ( linked below ) to gain an idea of my background and credentials . ''
There are numerous underwater caves , and well over 50 dive sites in the province .
The endometrium is the inner membrane of the mammalian uterus .
leftarm2 = FFFF00 body2 = FFFF00 rightarm2 = FFFF00 shorts2 = FFFFFF socks2 = FFFF00
Bus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Japan it entered the charts at number 2 with sales of 59,348 copies and entered the charts at number 1 in the UK with the second highest first week sales in 2010 to date with 101,297 .
The title of his Nobel lecture on December 2002 , '' Nature 's Gift to Science '' is a homage to this modest nematode , and he considered that having chosen the right organism turned out to be as important as having addressed the right problems to work on .
'' Chess icon 's body exhumed in paternity case CNN report .
At the same time , a CD\/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart .
History Choline was discovered by Andreas Strecker in 1864 and chemically synthesized in 1866 .
The film was Adnan Sami Khan 's first and last appearance in any Pakistani film .
McCartney later said of recording the track , '' When we were recording ` Oh !
The action by google to not further support Forestle immediately drew international attention .
The Greater Berlin Act was passed by the Prussian parliament on 27 April 1920 and came into effect on 1 October of the same year .
A wheelwright ( or wainwright ) is a person who builds or repairs wheels .
Polydeuces ( , or as Greek ) is a very small natural satellite of Saturn that is co-orbital with Dione and librates around the trailing Lagrangian point ( ) .
Frenchburg is a city in Menifee County , Kentucky , United States .
The Klingon language ( tlhIngan Hol in Klingon ) is the constructed language spoken by the fictional Klingons in the Star Trek universe .
Roadways : The state has largest road network in the country , after Maharashtra .
At the back of the studio is the '' Golden Bank '' , a giant contraption like a lottery machine .
The plan to rebuild By the end of the 15th century , having been neglected during the period of the Avignon Papacy , the old basilica was in bad repair .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the Empire of India within the British Empire .
The highest mountain in North America , Mount McKinley or Denali , is in the Alaska Range .
It can be distinguished from other large requiem sharks by its relatively small first dorsal fin with a curving rear margin , its tiny second dorsal fin with a long free rear tip , and its long , sickle-shaped pectoral fins .
The WWF major habitat types are :
He had his own opera house built , the Bayreuth Festspielhaus , which contained many novel design features .
She is best known for her lead role as Teddy Duncan on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie and her recurring role as Juliet Van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place .
When the series is shown in different countries around the world , the film inserts can be tailored to suit local audiences , or default to the British ones .
Six of the seven found so far lie in the elongated , curved region around the Sun-Neptune Lagrangian point 60 ahead of Neptune .
The two girls shared a room , dressed alike , and were known as '' The Big Pair '' .
Adobe Dreamweaver ( formerly Macromedia Dreamweaver ) is a web development application originally created by Macromedia , and is now developed by Adobe Systems , which acquired Macromedia in 2005 .
Da Nhay Beach is a beautiful beach on the shore of South China Sea , 40 km north of Dong Hoi city , Quang Binh Province , Vietnam .
The decision was generally well received , and on 5 September 2008 Bryce was sworn in , succeeding Major General Michael Jeffery , becoming the first woman to be the Governor-General .
He then became a New York Times best-selling author of books for children and teens , known for writing the Artemis Fowl series ( which consists so far of 9 books ) , Half Moon Investigations , The Wish List , and The Supernaturalist , along with the Eoin Colfer ' The Legend of ... books .
New renewables ( small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels ) accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
In the early 19th century , anything west of the Mississippi River was considered the West , and the Midwest was the region east of the Mississippi and west of the Appalachians .
A solar oven or solar cooker is a device which uses sunlight as its energy source .
During summer however daytime temperatures can soar to as high as 40 to 45 degrees Celsius , although temperatures in the low to mid-30s can be considered more the norm .
Barbara Bush , wife of George H. W. Bush .
Hugh Malcolm Downs ( born February 14 , 1921 ) is a retired American broadcaster , television host , producer , and author .
Watanabe and written by Keiko Nobumoto , the series was produced by Sunrise in 1998 .
No new notable research or theory on the subject appeared until 1924 , when Alexander Oparin reasoned that atmospheric oxygen prevents the synthesis of certain organic compounds that are necessary building blocks for the evolution of life .
Hénin - sur-Cojeul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Philip broke the news to the new queen .
Hermione was discovered by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
Georgian is the primary language of about 3.9 million people in Georgia itself , and of another 500,000 abroad ( chiefly in Turkey , Iran , Russia , the USA and Europe ) .
Loge , who knows that the end of the gods is coming , does not follow the others into Valhalla ; he admits he is tempted to destroy them and what they have deceitfully acquired .
Lorentz 's law define force that act on moving charged particles in electricmagnetic field .
Land elevations generally slope from northeast to southwest , following the general shape of the Hindu Kush massif , from its highest point in the Pamir Mountains near the Chinese border to the lower elevations near the border with Iran .
Beers produced in the town of Pilsen ( today 's Plze ) , for example , were called Pilsners .
Chevregny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Events May -- El Cid completes his conquest of Valencia , Spain , and begins his rule of Valencia .
The first language ( sometimes also referred to as the mother tongue ) is acquired without formal education , by mechanisms heavily disputed .
In the study of transport phenomena ( heat transfer , mass transfer and fluid dynamics ) , flux is defined as the amount that flows through a unit area per unit time .
Fahrenheit ( ) is a Taiwanese boy band that has achieved success in the last five years in Asia .
Between 15 and 20 cities were thought of to host the event , with fewer than half of the invited to explain why they should hold the event at WWE 's headquarters at Stamford , Connecticut .
Hampden was built in 1903 , though all signs of the original stadium are long gone .
Razorlight are an English indie rock band formed in 2002 .
Adyghe language ( , adygabze , ad g bz ) , also known as West Circassian ( see : Circassian language ) , is one of the two official languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation , the other being Russian .
The plot is loosely based on the gathering of little people in a Hollywood hotel , to audition for roles as Munchkins in the movie The Wizard of Oz .
Hamilton received public criticism from UK MPs including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell for avoiding UK taxes .
Generally the event 's duration ( commonly one hour ) is shorter than that of a traditional road race -- which can last many hours , sometimes over the course of several days or even weeks , as in a Grand Tour .
Comet Borrelly or Borrelly 's Comet ( official designation : 19P\/Borrelly ) is a periodic comet , which was visited by the spacecraft Deep Space 1 in 2001 .
Wellington is a town in inland New South Wales , Australia located at the junction of the Macquarie and Bell Rivers .
Like its sister project Wikipedia , Wiktionary is run by the Wikimedia Foundation .
WCW World Champion - Chris Jericho at WWE.com At the event , Chris Jericho defeated The Rock and Stone Cold Steve Austin to win the WCW Championship and WWF Championship respectively .
Biography Early life Flea was born in Melbourne , Australia on October 16 , 1962 .
'M y Own Trumpet ' , p. 186/7 In 1933 , Boult married Ann Wilson , the ex-wife of Steuart Wilson , tenor singer and administrator .
The University of Kansas ( often referred to as KU or just Kansas ) is a public research university , and the largest university in the state of Kansas .
He became more successful upon his return when he won the Best of the Super Juniors 1996 tournament of junior heavyweights .
The Greater Middle East is a political term coined by the Bush administration to englobe together various countries , pertaining to the Muslim world , specifically Iran , Turkey , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Achievements Guilmant created the Schola Cantorum in 1894 with Charles Bordes and Vincent d'Indy .
Ryuta Hara is a retired Japanese footballer .
Several zoologists ( notably Henry Walter Bates and Alfred Russel Wallace , among others ) note rumors of snakes beyond 30 or 40 feet long , but in each case note that their direct observations were limited to snakes of approximately 20 feet in length .
The Dodge Caravan is a family minivan manufactured by Chrysler Group LLC and sold under its Dodge brand .
The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter preparations either as a single ingredient or , more commonly , in combination with antihistamines , guaifenesin , dextromethorphan , paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) , and\/or NSAIDs ( e.g. , aspirin , ibuprofen , etc. ) .
Statistics of the Prva HNL 1999-2000 season .
The mineral was used in Egyptian mummification because it absorbs water and behaves as a drying agent .
Beaver Dam is a city in Ohio County , Kentucky , United States .
This was , according to the NHC , the first recorded storm to form in April ; there would be Tropical Storm Ana in April of the 2003 season .
Sarah Siddons died in 1831 in London and was interred there in Saint Mary 's Cemetery at Paddington Green .
The Chittagong Hill Tracts ( ) comprise an area of 13,180 km2 in south-eastern Bangladesh , and borders India and Myanmar ( Burma ) .
East Sussex ( ) is a county in South East England .
After Constant Lambert 's death , Isabel married Alan Rawsthorne .
Christoph Willibald Ritter von Gluck ( 2 July 1714 15 November 1787 ) was an opera composer of the early classical period .
He then taught at Randolph-Macon Women 's College in Lynchburg , Virginia from 1980 - 1982 , before trying his hand as a full-time author for four years .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
Hogarth was pleased with the results .
However , user agents vary in the fidelity with which they represent the specified colors .
Tank , is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , the city of Tank is the capital of the district .
Haylie Duff as Lana Stephens
The Seleucid Empire was centered in the near East and at the height of its power included central Anatolia , the Levant , Mesopotamia , Persia , today 's Turkmenistan , Pamir and parts of Pakistan .
In the industrial production of cream this process is accelerated by using centrifuges called '' separators '' .
Corsican is the traditional native language of the Corsican people , and was long the sole language of the island , which was acquired by France in 1768 .
Meowth is voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese , and Maddie Blaustein in English .
The Golden Globe Awards are presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ( HFPA ) to recognize outstanding achievements in the entertainment industry , both domestic and foreign , and to focus wide public attention upon the best in motion pictures and television .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The clean version of the music video removes all language and graphic violence by changing the lyrics .
The appellation Driekoningen ( the Three Kings ) is also often found in 17th - and 18th-century Dutch star charts and seaman 's guides .
In Indian beliefs , the karmic effects of all deeds are viewed as actively shaping past , present , and future experiences .
French sociologist Roger Caillois , in his book Les jeux et les hommes ( Games and Men ) ,
Instead , he married his former secretary , Adele Tappe .
The Chicago Fire are members of Major League Soccer .
It is the most compact hurricane or equivalent-strength tropical cyclone on record in the Australian basin , with gale-force winds extending only 48 k from the center and was the most compact system worldwide until 2008 when Tropical Storm Marco of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season broke the record , with gale-force winds extending only 19 k from the center .
The King retained only a '' suspensive veto '' ; he could delay the implementation of a law , but not block it absolutely .
The story is centred on a British zoo which has recently been acquired by Australian businessman Rod McCain ( played by Kevin Kline ) and put under the management of Rollo Lee ( Cleese ) .
Sergei Pavlovich Diaghilev ( \/O/ Sergei Pavlovich Dyagilev ) ( -19 August 1929 ) , usually referred to outside of Russia as Serge , was a Russian art critic , patron , ballet impresario and founder of the Ballets Russes , from which many famous dancers and choreographers would later arise .
The name Ana was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and was reused during the 2009 season .
Mansehra District ( ) is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , which contains the town of Mansehra and the Kaghan Valley area ( a popular tourist destination in Pakistan ) .
The Fiat Seicento is a city car produced by the Italian company Fiat , introduced in late 1997 as a replacement for the Fiat Cinquecento .
He never married , although he had two daughters by Sarah Danby , one born in 1801 , the other in 1811 .
Common added flavorings include garlic , cumin , lemon juice , olive oil , and vinegar .
Epicurus ( , '' ally , comrade '' ; Samos , 341 BCE -- Athens , 270 BCE ; 72 years ) was an ancient Greek philosopher and the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism .
In computer networking and computer science , bandwidth , network bandwidth , data bandwidth or digital bandwidth , is a bit rate measure of available or consumed data communication resources expressed in bits\/second or multiples of it ( kilobits\/s , megabits\/s etc ) .
Capelle-Fermont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Organic phosphates are important in biochemistry .
The deposition of a clay-rich mudstone member normally indicates deposition in a deeper marine environment .
Six of the victims jumped to their deaths from the seventh floor after a club official barred the doors after the fire started .
Color display spectrum Color displays ( e.g. , computer monitors and televisions ) mix red , green , and blue color to create colors within their respective color triangles , and so can only approximately represent spectral colors , which are in general outside any color triangle .
Munfordville is a city in and the county seat of Hart County , Kentucky , United States .
Prominent Sophists include Protagoras ( 490-420 BCE ) from Abdera in Thrace , Gorgias ( 487-376 BCE ) from Leontini in Sicily , Hippias ( 485-415 BCE ) from Elis in the Peloponnesos , and Prodicus ( 465-390 BCE ) from the island of Ceos .
Texas A&M University -- Corpus Christi ( abbreviated Texas A&M -- Corpus Christi , or TAMU -- CC , or A&M - Corpus Christi , or A&M - CC ) is a state university located in Corpus Christi , Texas , United States , on Ward Island in Oso Bay .
According to UN statistics in 2003 the population of Al Anbar is 1,230,169 .
Troy 's Bucket was met with warm reception from the scene , and Baxter became a popular band in the Chicago underground scene .
Robert Sedraki Kocharyan ( , ) ( born August 31 , 1954 ) was the second President of Armenia , serving from 1998 till 2008 .
Methods in which the stationary phase is more polar than the mobile phase ( e.g. toluene as the mobile phase , silica as the stationary phase ) are termed normal phase liquid chromatography ( NPLC ) and the opposite ( e.g. water-methanol mixture as the mobile phase and C18 = octadecylsilyl as the stationary phase ) is termed reversed phase liquid chromatography ( RPLC ) .
In 2004 Ciara released her debut album Goodies which spawned the number one hits '' Goodies '' and '' 1 , 2 Step '' , selling over five million copies worldwide and certified triple platinum in the United States .
He is best known as the former guitarist of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , with whom he recorded five studio albums .
The capital of Halkidiki is the main town of Polygyros , located in the center of the peninsula .
It was also the official global mobile phone carrier for the 2006 FIFA World Cup football tournament in Germany and sponsored its own cycling team , the T-Mobile Team .
The reasoning is that children can understand words like '' cumbersome '' when told that it means '' big and heavy and awkward . ''
Its spectrum is of the G type , hence it probably has a Ceres-like composition .
This has included testifying internationally to oppose the legalization of the sex industry , to advocate for governments to provide services and alternatives for women in prostitution and to legislate against the purchase of women and children for sexual activities .
As the name implies , the cake originated in Dundee and is made with Scotch whisky .
Negotiations dragged on into the following year with a contract finally signed in June 1902 .
Alexander Emmanuel '' Alex '' Rodriguez ( born July 27 , 1975 ) is an American Major League Baseball third baseman for the New York Yankees .
The .600 Overkill made by Rob Garnick represents at this moment the greatest power available from a standard hunting action .
Lépine is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The letter P indicating a pawn is not used , so that e4 means '' pawn moves to the square e4 '' .
Introduced in the film Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope ( 1977 ) , Solo and his Wookiee first mate , Chewbacca ( Peter Mayhew ) , become involved in the Rebel Alliance against the Galactic Empire .
Greetings are often , but not always , used just prior to a conversation .
He retired from the league in 1993 after nine seasons in which he was mostly known as a blocking back .
Brown , Delmer et al .
is the action spy movie which is based on the novel of the writer Robert Ludlum , '' The Bourne Identity , '' which was published in 1908 and sold 5 millions copies .
It is named after Calliope , the Greek Muse of epic poetry .
St John 's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge .
Solon ( ancient Greek : , c. 638 BC & ndash ; 558 BC ) was an Athenian statesman , lawmaker , and poet .
Micheline Anne-Marie Calmy-Rey ( born 8 July 1945 ) is a Swiss politician who is head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs -- i.e. , the Swiss foreign minister .
Early life Shearston was born the son of James Barclay Shearston .
Because brackish water is hostile to the growth of most terrestrial plant species , without appropriate management it is damaging to the environment ( see article on shrimp farms ) .
Racism is a belief that some people have that says one race or ethnicity is better than another .
A recipe is a set of instructions that describe how to prepare or make something , especially a culinary dish .
Joseph Willem Mengelberg ( 28 March 1871 21 March 1951 ) was a Dutch conductor .
The term Praetorian derived from the tent of the commanding general or praetor of a Roman army in the field -- the praetorium .
The Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) is headquartered in town .
The house mascot is an eagle , and the house colours are blue and bronze ( changed to blue and silver in the films ) .
This model does not require that individuals be highly related , though high relatedness will reduce expected levels of resistance to manipulation .
Historical and technical information from the Public Broadcasting Service This Month in Physics History : November 17 to December 23 , 1947 : Invention of the First Transistor .
Pentti Alexander Lund ( born December 6 , 1925 in Karijoki , Finland ) is a retired Finnish-Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played for the Boston Bruins and New York Rangers in the National Hockey League .
He rose to international prominence as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002 has been principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic ( BPO ) .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
The castle has a notable garden , which is designed and maintained to a very high standard .
It was first raised in captivity at least several thousand years ago in Asia , and the domesticated form has been used all around the world as a very productive food source for both meat and eggs .
The record features the songs '' Whatever '' and '' Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album ( although the latter did appear on the Dig Out Your Soul discbox ) .
These ideas strongly influenced the whole of Western philosophy , perhaps most notably through its effect on Plato .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Feather Falls is a waterfall located on the Fall River , a tributary of the Middle Fork Feather River , in Plumas National Forest in Butte County , California .
Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street , Cheapside , London , England .
Identical phenomena in the western north Pacific are called typhoons .
People in Need has been active in the fight against poverty and social exclusion in Czech Republic since 1999 .
A sailboat or sailing boat is a boat propelled partly or entirely by sails .
While studying such topics as philology and various languages at the University , he worked as a volunteer librarian and was required to participate in compulsory military training in the Academic Legion , but he refused to fire a weapon .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and\/or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia .
Some 200 Central African Republic soldiers mutinied in Bangui in May 1996 , demanding back pay and the abdication of dictator Ange-Félix Patassé .
Wikipedia contains many different , some of which are considered objectionable or offensive by some readers .
They were part of the German heavy\/speed\/power metal scene to emerge in the early to mid 1980s , along with bands like Helloween and Running Wild .
Surfing is a tourist attraction , particularly at Punta de Lobos .
While some of his followers became known as Hussites , his more radical followers were called Taborites .
The first Greek references to the Goths call them Scythians , since this area along the Black Sea historically had been occupied by an unrelated people of that name .
In 1669 , however , he rejoined the Chapel Royal as a countertenor , and upon the death ( 1672 ) of Henry Cooke ( who had earlier cared for Turner in the year between his voice breaking and his appointment at Lincoln ) became a member of the King 's Private Musick .
A former member of the Grand Ole Opry , he was inducted into both the Country Music and the Rockabilly Halls of Fame .
Brigham Young University ( BYU ) is a private university located in Provo , Utah .
Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper Tyler ( June 14 , 1816 -- December 29 , 1889 ) was the daughter in law of John Tyler , the tenth President of the United States .
The '' Cover Texts '' are certain short passages of text that are listed , as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts , in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License .
Nancy Pelosi is the first female Speaker of the United States House of Representatives .
The band is best known for its elaborate sci-fi\/horror film inspired costumes , raunchy obscene lyrics , and graphic stage performances which consist of humorous re-enactments of politically and morally taboo themes .
December July 31 Second Anglo-Dutch War The Treaty of Breda ends the war , and recognizes Acadia as a French possession .
Koro Cercle
The outer bark in older stems , includes the dead tissue on the surface of the stems , along with parts of the innermost periderm and all the tissues on the outer side of the periderm .
Herbisse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
This guarantees that each device in a network will have a different MAC address ( analogous to a street address ) .
Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was a student activist movement in the United States that was one of the main iconic representations of the country 's New Left .
The dynasty was interrupted briefly by the Second Zhou Dynasty ( October 8 , 690 - March 3 , 705 ) when Empress Wu Zetian seized the throne , becoming the first and only Chinese empress regnant , ruling in her own right .
Odessa 's oil and chemical processing facilities are connected to Russia 's and EU 's respective networks by strategic pipelines .
Most of the common names here so far are regional names in use in North America .
The first conflict between the British and the Marathas was the First Anglo-Maratha War which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of Salbai , by which the island of Salsette , adjacent to Bombay island , was ceded to the British , while Bharuch was ceded to the Maratha ruler Scindia .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
Even more commonly , stones have been removed to make way for roads , or as building materials .
David Bisconti ( born 22 September 1968 ) is a retired Argentine football player who played 12 times for the Argentina national team .
Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt in Westphalia , Germany .
For the ball sport played in the Commonwealth previously known as '' women 's basketball '' , see netball Women 's basketball is one of the few women 's sports that developed in tandem with its men 's counterpart .
Zillah is a city in Yakima County , Washington , United States , with a population of 2,198 at the 2000 census .
( However , it is theoretically possible for a traveler to enter a rotating black hole , avoid the singularity , and travel into a rotating white hole which allows the traveler to escape into another universe .
A pro-Ming Dynasty state , it was founded by Koxinga ( also known as Zheng Chenggong ) after the Ming government in mainland China was overtaken by the Manchu-ruled Qing Dynasty .
His ideas were influenced by Heini Hediger 's studies of behavior of zoo animals .
Her Catholic religion made her unpopular in England , and also prohibited her from being crowned in an Anglican service ; therefore she never had a coronation .
Saint-Georges-du-Bois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Rules Note that unlike European club competitions , the Copa Libertadores historically did not use extra time or away goals to decide a tie that was level on aggregate .
Owls have large forward-facing eyes and ear-holes , a hawk-like beak , a flat face , and usually a conspicuous circle of feathers , a facial disc , around each eye .
Koxinga was son of a former merchant who styled himself as a Ming Dynasty loyalist ; he hoped to marshal his troops on Taiwan and use it as a base to regain mainland China for the Ming Dynasty .
Training differs from exercise in that people may dabble in exercise as an occasional activity for fun .
On 31 December Marcia poisoned his food but he vomited up the poison ; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner Narcissus to strangle him in his bath .
The fruit can grow as large as long and in diameter , and it typically weighs one to three kilograms ( 2 to 7 lb ) .
In May- June 1922 , he and IRA Chief of Staff Liam Lynch organised an offensive of both pro- and anti-treaty IRA units along the new border .
Chiron also does not exist ( however , the name was used much later for the comet\/asteroid 2060 Chiron ) .
Mac OS X Mac OS X supports HFS + with journaling as its primary file system .
Hence the value of a physical quantity Q is expressed as the product of a numerical value { Q } and a unit of measurement Q .
Witt was taking a 2-hour exposure of Beta Aquarii to secure astrometric positions of asteroid 185 Eunike .
As the guard of one of the canopic jars and a protector , Serket gained a strong association with Aset ( Isis ) , Nebet Het ( Nephthys ) , and Neith who also performed similar functions .
Crawford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
Year 1685 ( MDCLXXXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
He is best known for his novel The Master and Margarita , which The Times of London has called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century .
Special pages are pages that have no , but are generated by the software on demand .
Rye ( Secale cereale ) is a grass grown extensively as a grain and as a forage crop .
Chicago Magazine reported that '' just before the September 11th attacks , '' Richard Elrod , a city lawyer injured in the Weathermen 's Chicago '' Days of Rage , '' received an apology from Ayers and Dohrn for their part in the violence . ''
Modern skirts are usually made of light to mid-weight fabrics , such as denim , jersey , worsted , or poplin .
Like Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart before him , Mendelssohn was regarded as a child prodigy .
Brownsville is located at .
'' Underneath '' is about breakdowns in communication .
One unprovable possibility is that Sloan was the mysterious hobo observed by musician W.C. Handy playing guitar at Tutwiler train station in 1903 .
The most widespread use of the V10 has been in Formula One racing .
Eisfeld is a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
Rainfall along southeastern Massachusetts reached 0.33 inches ( 8.38 mm ) at Chatham .
Las Lagunas ( D.M. )
The Left Hand of Darkness , 1969 ( winner of the Hugo Award , 1969 and Nebula Award , 1970 )
The main rivalry heading into the pay-per-view was on the Raw brand , with Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit feuding over the World Heavyweight Championship .
Staub grew up in Phoenix , Arizona where she attended Mohave Middle School .
This was the largest earthquake to hit Vancouver Island , and the largest onshore earthquake in Canada .
The Persian Gulf War ( August 2 , 1990 -- February 28 , 1991 ) , commonly referred to as simply the Gulf War , was a war waged by a U.N.-authorized coalition force from thirty-four nations led by the United States and United Kingdom , against Iraq .
This gave international fame to La Mancha and its windmills , and is the origin of the phrase '' tilting at windmills '' , to describe an act of futility .
Previn has mentioned in the liner notes of the program printed for his appearance as guest conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra during the 2006 -- 07 season that his year of birth is 1930 , and not 1929 as many sources claim .
Eighteen species have been described .
It is now known that at least some , and probably all , dromaeosaurids were covered in feathers , including large , vaned , wing and tail feathers .
Corveissiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver .
Even though Banquo challenges them first , they address Macbeth .
Descriptions were last updated in May 2003 to enhance uniformity .
(/O1979/O) .
They are powerful diggers , using their clawed front paws to dig out prey and create burrows for shelter .
They also have an extended vocabulary and different '' Easter eggs '' and '' games '' built into them .
However post-season analysis revealed that there was also a previously unnoticed subtropical storm on October 4 , which made Alpha the twenty-third storm of the season .
Longvilliers ( until 1997 Longvillers ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sutherland starred as Tripp Darling in the prime time serial Dirty Sexy Money for ABC .
New Order were formed in the wake of the demise of their previous group Joy Division , following the suicide of vocalist Ian Curtis .
The movie won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1988 .
She was born Sarah Kemble in Brecon , Brecknockshire , Wales , the eldest daughter of Roger Kemble , an actor-manager whose traveling company included most members of his family , and Sarah '' Sally '' Ward .
Leona Louise Lewis ( born 3 April 1985 ) is an English pop/R & B singer .
System requirements for Windows XP Home and Professional editions as follows :
New renewables ( small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels ) accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
Plot summary The Miserable Mill begins with Sunny , Klaus and Violet Baudelaire traveling with Mr. Poe on a train heading for Paltryville , the location of the children 's new home , the Lucky Smells Lumbermill .
While the term spinet is used to designate a harpsichord , typically what is meant is the bentside spinet , described in this section .
~ 1.31 cubic yards ( approximately )
The whole area of Nagar is declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep , brown bears , show tigers etc. .
Bovill is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
In Leicester , Arriva run most of its services from St Margaret 's Bus Station with some journeys commencing\/terminating in Charles Street .
Auzay is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Image = Gray854 .
Racing sled dogs will travel up to an average twenty miles per hour ( 32 km/h ) over distances up to 25 miles ( 40 km ) .
A subsequent complete release on VHS followed in 1999 ( and was the last video release in the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection line ) , with a DVD appearing in 2000 .
The color was changed from black to red because of difficulty in seeing a cancellation mark on the Penny Black ; a black cancel was readily visible on a Penny Red .
Luché-Pringé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Poetsch declared that Jews and Slavs were what he termed '' inferior races '' .
It is a transposing instrument in G and , like the piccolo and bass flute , uses the same fingerings as the C flute .
To the north lie Namibia , Botswana and Zimbabwe ; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland ; while Lesotho is an enclave surrounded by South African territory .
Celestine Hyacinth Babayaro ( born 29 August 1978 in Kaduna ) is a former Nigerian footballer .
Paul McCartney 's 2007 song That Was Me , from his album Memory Almost Full mentions merseybeating with the band .
History In 1816 , the British founded Banjul as a trading post and base for suppressing the slave trade .
As Crowley developed the religion , founding an organization known as the A A to propagate it , A Syllabus of the Official Instructions of A A he wrote widely on the topic , producing what are collectively termed the Holy Books of Thelema .
William Ellery ( December 22 , 1727 -- February 15 , 1820 ) was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Rhode Island .
The term can be used more broadly to include Elizabeth I 's reign ( 1558 - 1603 ) , although this is often treated separately as the Elizabethan era .
The current population is approximately 12,000 , though new developments in the town will increase this figure .
New Line Cinema , often simply known as New Line , is one of the major American film studios .
The hurricane , known as the Hurricane of San Marcos or the Straits of Florida Hurricane , caused massive flooding in Cuba and south Florida , resulting in 2,000 casualties .
The headwaters are located on Mount Timpanogos and the river continues down through American Fork Canyon .
Saint Helena of Troyes , a virgin , whose life and century are unknown , and whose body was transferred to Troyes in 1209 ; patroness of the town and diocese ;
Laurence '' Larry '' Wachowski ( born June 21 , 1965 ) and Andrew Paul '' Andy '' Wachowski ( born December 29 , 1967 ) , siblings collectively known as The Wachowskis ( formerly The Wachowski Brothers ) , are American film directors , writers and producers , most famous for creating The Matrix series .
at Indigo Ranch , Malibu , California
Several of Le Guin 's science fiction works , including her novels The Dispossessed and The Left Hand of Darkness , belong to her Hainish Cycle , which details a future , galactic civilization loosely connected by an organizational body known as the Ekumen .
Aneurysms can commonly occur in arteries at the base of the brain ( the circle of Willis ) and an aortic aneurysm occurs in the main artery carrying blood from the left ventricle of the heart .
For example , while the overall race leader in the Tour de France will wear the yellow jersey , or '' maillot jaune '' , the green jersey ( '' maillot vert '' ) will be worn by the leader in the points competition .
The original Duchy of Saxony comprised lands of the Saxon people in the north-western part of present-day Germany , namely , the contemporary German state of Lower Saxony as well as Westphalia and Western Saxony-Anhalt , not corresponding to the modern German state of Saxony .
Often , they are used to protect people from sustaining an injury or being killed , in which case damaging the machine may be considered to be acceptable .
In DNA , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .
He made his debut at La Scala in the same year as the Chevalier danois in Gluck 's Armide .
This is a radioactive synthetic element whose most stable isotope is 268Db with a half life of 28 hours .
However , following restructuring of local government areas by the New South Wales Government , it is now part of the Palerang council and the eastern office of the council is located in the town .
Magnya Carta ( , November 29 , 2006 )
In 2000 , she originally released an indie 's album in the United States , called '' These Words , '' which received much critical acclaim .
Sin City ( full title : Frank Miller 's Sin City ) McDonagh , Maitland , Frank Miller 's Sin City ( review ) is an ensemble cast 2005 film written , produced and directed by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez .
He holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history .
A bronze '' Dancing girl '' statuette , 10.8 cm high and some 4,500 years old , was found in Mohenjo-daro in 1926 .
Feather Linux contains GTK + applications , such as AbiWord and Pidgin .
This is the third book in the Dexter series , preceded by the 2004 novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter -- which formed the basis of the Showtime television series Dexter -- and Dearly Devoted Dexter , its 2005 sequel .
Mikhail and brothers ended up in the Caucasus .
Severe damage was inflicted on the Colosseum by the great earthquake in 1349 , causing the outer south side , lying on a less stable alluvional terrain , to collapse .
William Jefferson '' Bill '' Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 ) served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated .
On his father 's death ( 1824 ) he went in the same capacity to Herzogenbuchsee , and later to Bern ( 1829 ) .
Scottish ( also Ulster ) pancakes , locally known as drop scones , pancakes or griddle cakes , are more like the American type and are served as such ( see below ) .
Since his debut , he has appeared in almost every Mario series game .
It resulted in the complete destruction of the Armenian-populated quarters of Shusha and the elimination of the town 's Armenian population .
Anatomy of the Auschwitz Death Camp , Indiana University Press , 1994 ; this edition 1998 , p. 236 .
By 1906 , he was studying music full-time ; by 1907 , he began composition lessons .
It announced that the Initial System would be reduced to 15.6 kilometres , and renamed it as the Modified Initial System .
Yas Marina is the second Formula One track in the Middle East , with the first being in Bahrain .
British scientist William Sturgeon invented the electromagnet in 1824 .
It was a youth-oriented phenomenon that emphasized the new and modern .
Players on one team ( the batting team ) take turns hitting against the pitcher of the other team ( the fielding team ) , which tries to stop them from scoring runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways .
Takahiro Kawamura is a Japanese football player who plays for TOT .
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
In 1999 , the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force became the first LGBT civil rights organization to stop work on ENDA because of its lack of transgender-inclusion .
Players on one team ( the batting team ) take turns hitting against the pitcher of the other team ( the fielding team ) , which tries to stop them from scoring runs by getting hitters out in any of several ways .
The population was 18,080 at the 2000 census .
The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while travelling across the nail bed .
Discovery and species The first described remains of Spinosaurus were found in the Bahariya Valley of Egypt in 1912 , and were named by German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1915 .
The fruit is a round wind-dispersed samara .
In March 2010 eBay unveiled a new classifieds site , called eBay Classifieds , to replace its old site , Kijiji , in the United States .
For the first time , a European government represents all social classes .
Fra Angelico ( c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) , born Guido di Pietro , was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having '' a rare and perfect talent '' .
Adolf William had five sons , but the first four died soon after birth .
During his last years , Barbirolli 's former manager caused them severe financial problems .
He performs in Slipknot , and also tours as DJ Starscream , a name which is derived from the Transformers character of the same name .
Parker became Indiana 's oldest living person on April 7 , 2005 ( age 111 years , 352 days ) ( following the death of then almost-112-year-old Minnie Kearby , who was just six days older at the time ) and the state 's all-time recordholder on January 19 , 2007 ( age 113 years , 274 days ) , surpassing Mary Parr .
During the Rmakpon reign ( from 12th century to 1840 A.D. ) they invaded Ladakh and Tibet in the east and Gilgit and Chitral many times and thus made these people acknowledge of their martial abilities .
There are two important alternative formulations of classical mechanics : Lagrangian mechanics and Hamiltonian mechanics .
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual weather event .
Rodriguez 's favorite baseball players when he was growing up were Keith Hernandez , Dale Murphy , and Cal Ripken , and his favorite team was the New York Mets .
The laryngeal prominence is merely the protrusion one sees of the thyroid cartilage making up the body of the larynx .
After playing his second season with Montpellier , Valderrama was still somewhat unsettled at the club , drifting in and out of the starting eleven , although he was one of the key references when Montpellier won the 1989-90 French Cup ; one of the very few titles that Montpellier has won .
Chinese rock genre is occasionally referred as Mandorock & Cantorock depends on the usage of the song 's language .
The first Post Office opened on 1 November 1851 .
Wood was born in London .
On March 16 , 2008 Bourdais competed in his first Formula One Championship race , the 2008 Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne .
The majority of the population of the district practise Hinduism .
Here program i refers to the i th program in an enumeration of all the programs of a fixed Turing-complete model of computation .
The MS Explorer was a Liberian-registered cruise ship designed for Arctic and Antarctic service , originally commissioned and operated by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad .
Zinc nitrate Zn ( NO3 ) 2 is a chemical compound used as a mordant in dyeing .
Loison-sous-Lens is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It involves measurements of voltage change or electric current on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins to whole organs like the heart .
in the same year the Design Management Review is published by the Design Management Institute , as first magazine ( still ) solely focusing on design management .
The first postage stamp , the Penny Black , was issued by Britain in 1840 and pictured a young Queen VictoriaSyed Ziaur Rahman , History of Stamps and Philately , Souvenir , Aligphilex -- 87 & Workshop , Aligarh Stamps Collectors Club , Aligarh , p. 20-21 , 1987 .
The Chevrolet launched in India the Chevrolet Captiva SUV . The latest models launched by Chevrolet is the Chevrolet Beat & the Chevrolet Cruze .
By the end of the New Jersey tour , Bon Jovi had 16 months of concerts under their belt and the band members were exhausted physically , mentally and emotionally .
Short subject is a technical description originally coined in the North American film industry in the early period of cinema .
Vivian Ashe ( Jamie Lee Curtis ) leaves her pet chihuahua Chloe ( Drew Barrymore ) with her irresponsible niece Rachel ( Piper Perabo ) .
Mature individuals are goblet-shaped , on relatively long stalks .
The German city of Bielefeld is founded .
For other uses , see Nappy ( disambiguation ) and Diaper ( disambiguation ) .
He was ranked 39th in Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the '' 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .
Condoms are usually supplied with a lubricant coating to facilitate penetration , while flavored condoms are principally used for oral sex . As mentioned above , most condoms are made of latex , but polyurethane and lambskin condoms are also widely available .
Another modification made to the Imola track is that of the famous Variante Alta which is situated at the top of the hill leading down to Rivazza and has the hardest braking point on the lap .
OGC Nice , a French football club based in Nice
Out of the over 60,000 Mandaeans in Iraq in the early 1990s , only about 5,000 to 7,000 remain there ; as of early 2007 , over 80 % of Iraqi Mandaeans were refugees in Syria and Jordan as a result of the Iraq War .
Prior to the 1996 Australian Grand Prix , an earlier configuration of the current circuit was used for both the 1953 and 1956 Australian Grands Prix .
The population of the municipality is 16,224 as of 2009 .
Anders Celsius proposes the Celsius temperature scale ( see 1741 ) .
Sablé-sur-Sarthe , commonly referred to as Sablé , is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
It is located just to the west of the Greenbelt and is one of the largest of several communities that surround central Ottawa .
Landmarks On the outskirts of the town is Scotland 's first privately run prison , HM Prison Kilmarnock .
Because matcha can be bitter , it is traditionally served with a small sweet .
To represent additional qualities of speech such as tooth gnashing , lisping , and sounds made with a cleft palate , an extended set of symbols called the Extensions to the IPA may be used .
Cheers is an American situation comedy television series that ran for eleven seasons from 1982 to 1993 .
Doncaster Rovers Football Club is an English football club , based at the Keepmoat Stadium in Doncaster , South Yorkshire .
Some churches , such as Jehovah 's Witnesses , do not believe in a particular judgment at death .
At its basic level , MT performs simple substitution of words in one natural language for words in another .
Following the 2005 federal election , which his party lost , after three weeks of negotiations he stood down as Chancellor in favor of Angela Merkel of the rival Christian Democratic Union .
It had the steepest drop of any wooden roller coaster in the world , at 76 degrees , until this record was broken by T Express in 2008 .
In Kojiki , after giving birth to the fire god Hinokagutsuchi , the goddess Izanami dies from wounds from his fire and enters the perpetual night realm called Yomi-no-kuni ( the underworld ) that the gods retire to and to which Izanagi , her husband , traveled in a failed attempt to reclaim her .
Minnetonka is located west of Minneapolis in Hennepin County .
K-9 and Company was a proposed television spin-off of the original series run of Doctor Who ( 1963-1989 , 2005-present ) .
Blackberry pie is pie composed of blackberry filling , usually in the form of either blackberry jam , actual blackberries themselves , or some combination thereof .
She was a multi-millionairess thanks to her marriage to '' Stan Walker '' ( an unseen character ) until discovering he was broke .
'' Battlestar Galactica '' (/O2004/O) Richard Hatch , who played '' Captain Apollo '' in the 1970s Battlestar Galactica TV series , also returned as '' Tom Zarek '' , a former rebel freedom fighter who became part of the Colonial government .
The Dr. himself is disturbed by Goldmember 's habit of eating his own flaking skin .
In that year , Gimnasia obtained two cups ; '' Copa Competencia Adolfo J. Bullrich '' ( '' Adolfo J. Bullrich 's Competition Cup '' ) and '' Copa Campeonato Intermedia '' ( '' Intermediate Cup Championship '' ) .
March 13 -- Cardinal Gregory is elected anti-pope as Victor IV , succeeding Anacletus II .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game available for PlayStation 2 , Game Boy Advance and Xbox , based on the Barbie line of dolls by Mattel .
Edward Cave ( 27 February 1691 -- 10 January 1754 ) was an English printer , editor and publisher .
He contributed drawings to The Bulletin , Worker , Sunday Times , Referee , and London Punch , but later became interested in aviation and radio , and did some remarkable work in connection with them .
de has been principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic ( BPO ) .
Marco reached its peak intensity with winds of 65 miles per hour ( 100 km\/h ) early on October 7 .
La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Anguerny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Biography Born in Berne , Indiana , Schrock went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego , California .
Sukkur district ( talqa ) in Sindh Province in Pakistan is divided into 4 administrative strata ( tehsils ) , namely ; Sukkur City , Rohri , Saleh Pat and Pano Akil .
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix , in the family Pinaceae .
The Census Bureau is headed by a Director , assisted by a Deputy Director and an Executive Staff composed of the associate directors .
In domestic contexts the leading '' Australian '' is often omitted .
Neil Mullane Finn , OBE ( born 27 May 1958 , in Te Awamutu , New Zealand ) is a singer and songwriter and one of New Zealand 's foremost popular musicians .
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie , usually served for dessert , made with a pastry base usually shortcrust or shortbread pastry , lemon curd filling and a fluffy meringue topping .
It was closed in 1932 and converted into a hotel which functioned until 1980s .
The population was 72 at the 2000 census .
Hammons , T. J. 1993 , '' Tidal power '' , Proceedings of the IEEE , [ Online ] , v81 , n3 , pp 419 -- 433 .
Its metropolitan population was 2,084,852 in 2003 , and estimated at 2,253,437 in 2006 .
Their first release , '' Candyholic '' , was released in March and reached the second spot on the Oricon indies single chart .
'' I Am One '' , '' Rhinoceros '' , '' Daydream '' , and '' Bury Me '' were previously recorded as demos by the band in 1989 .
Instead , they found that many of the folk-songs are based on pentatonic scales similar to those in Oriental folk traditions , such as those of Central Asia and Siberia .
Iconic cultural depictions The book and film A Beautiful Mind chronicled the life of John Forbes Nash , a Nobel Prize-winning mathematician who was diagnosed with schizophrenia .
Final Fantasy IV is a role-playing video game developed and published by Square ( now Square Enix ) in 1991 as a part of the Final Fantasy series .
At twelve she won the Baldwin National Competition and AMSA Young Artist International Piano Competition , performing Tchaikovsky 's Piano Concerto No. 1 with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra .
The narrator makes certain to hide all signs of the crime .
Nevertheless , he exhibited Merrick in the back of an empty shop on Whitechapel Road .
H. sapiens idaltu , from Ethiopia , is a possible extinct sub-species who lived from about 160,000 years ago .
Eric Staal ( born October 29 , 1984 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player and the team captain for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League .
Buneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Its name is a portmanteau of the words minimal and Unix .
The word Naib means assistant or deputy whilst Nazim is similar to a mayor , hence Naib Nazim is similar in function to a deputy mayor .
The Boeing 717 is a twin-engine , single-aisle jet airliner , developed for the 100-seat market .
As a result , Colsefni was moved to backing vocals and percussion .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
She is well known for her role as Barb on The New Adventures of Old Christine and for her appearances on HBO 's Curb Your Enthusiasm .
Sauropterygia ( '' lizard flippers '' ) is a group of very successful aquatic reptiles that flourished during the Mesozoic before they became extinct at the end of the era .
With Brazil , he collected 58 caps in 10 years , playing all the matches and minutes ( except for the second half of the group stage match against Sweden ) in the nation 's victorious campaign at the 1994 FIFA World Cup .
is a Japanese rock band formed in 2003 and signed to the independent label Loop Ash .
This process may be accelerated by the presence of nucleation sites within the solution , such as small bubbles , caused by shaking the bottle , or another solute , such as sugar powder or a widget .
In cases where the parents are unwilling or unable to provide adequate care for their children , in cases of death or other words , grandparents often take on the role of primary caregivers .
Also known as the English Electric Type 3 , the Class was ordered as part of the British Rail modernisation plan .
It is the largest inland center and the third most populous city in the state .
Akira Kawaguchi ( born January 24 , 1967 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
Saint-Agnan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
She also competed in chess tournaments with some of the world 's leading male chess masters , defeating many of them , including future World Champion Max Euwe .
Her competition prizes include the Bronze Medal at the 13th International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1995 .
It was thought that the hard corporal punishment , such as whippings , used in other penal stations only served to harden criminals , and did nothing to turn them from their immoral ways .
Unione Sportiva Alessandria Calcio 1912 is the leading professional football club based in Alessandria , Piedmont , Italy .
Penner was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 18 They are sometimes discovered along with small dolls or figurines ( sometimes inaccurately referred to as '' Voodoo dolls '' See e.g. Faraone in Magika Hiera (/O1991/O) , p. 4 etc. ) , which may also be pierced by nails .
In 1572 the Ernestine lands were divided by his sons into the duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Gotha .
Windows on the World was a complex of venues at the top floors ( 106th and 107th ) of the North Tower of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan that included a restaurant , Windows on the World , a smaller restaurant called Wild Blue , and a bar called The Greatest Bar on Earth , as well as rooms for private functions .
April 13 & ndash ; Fourth Crusade : The Crusaders take Constantinople by storm , and pillage the city for 3 days .
A major part of the western and northeastern Outer Carpathians in Poland , Ukraine and Slovakia is traditionally called the Beskids .
The battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .
The consequences of these attacks include blindness and permanent scarring of the face and body .
Siberia ( ) , is a vast region , constituting almost all of Northern Asia and currently the massive central and eastern portion of the Russian Federation , as it was in the USSR from its beginning , and the Russian Empire since the 16th century .
He was elected Vice President in 1944 .
In contrast , passionate love is marked by infatuation , intense preoccupation with the partner , strong sexual longing , throes of ecstasy , and feelings of exhilaration that come from being reunited with the partner .
Volterra is an important location in Stephenie Meyer 's bestselling Twilight series .
Ultrasonic hearing can occur if ultrasound is fed directly into the skull bone and reaches the cochlea without passing through the middle ear .
RC2 is vulnerable to a related-key attack using 234 chosen plaintexts ( Kelsey et al. , 1997 ) .
Anglo-Saxons is the term usually used to describe the invading Germanic tribes in the south and east of Great Britain from the early 5th century AD , and their creation of the English nation , to the Norman conquest of 1066 .
Piston engines Internal combustion engines There are two ways that an internal combustion piston engine can transform combustion into motive power : the two-stroke cycle and the four-stroke cycle .
Once the centre of modern education , industry , science , culture and politics in India , Kolkata has witnessed intense political violence , clashes and economic stagnation since 1954 .
Miller , Ken (/O1999/O) .
Through the paintings Pissarro completed at this time , he records Sydenham and the Norwoods at a time when they were just recently connected by railways , but prior to the expansion of suburbia .
Sri Lanka ( , , or ; ; , ) , officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and known as Ceylon ( , , or ) before 1972 , is an island country in South Asia , located about off the southern coast of India .
In their first set of experiments , Hershey and Chase labeled the DNA of phages with radioactive Phosphorus-32 ( the element phosphorus is present in DNA but not present in any of the 20 amino acids from which proteins are made ) .
The name Runnymede is used commonly now to refer to land in National Trust ownership in the Thames flood plain south-west of the river between Old Windsor and Egham .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
Kruger was born at Bulhoek , his grandfather 's farm in the Steynsburg district near the town of Cradock , and grew up on the farm Vaalbank .
De author of the stories was Hendricus Scheepstra .
He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , the third installment of The Chronicles of Narnia film series .
Biomes are defined by factors such as plant structures ( such as trees , shrubs , and grasses ) , leaf types ( such as broadleaf and needleleaf ) , plant spacing ( forest , woodland , savanna ) , and climate .
The Indian government will try to adopt the symbol within six months in the country and globally within 18 to 24 months .
Dairy products are generally defined as foods produced from cake 's or domestic buffalo 's milk .
The cacique and his family would live in rectangular buildings ( caney ) of similar construction , with wooden porches .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
Aegerten is a municipality in the district of Nidau of the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
Amaranth is a reddish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant .
Bromic acid is unstable , only existing in dilute aqueous solution , much like chloric acid .
Tinker Bell is a 2008 computer animated film based on the Disney Fairies franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios .
The United States was apparently unaware of this until 1995 .
Jay Monahan died of colon cancer in 1998 at the age of 42 ; as a result , Couric is a prominent spokeswoman for colon cancer awareness .
Pierluigi Pizzaballa ( born 14 September 1939NFT profile ) is a retired Italian footballer .
Sibe : spoken in Xinjiang autonomous region by descendants of a Manchurian tribe dispatched by the Qing Dynasty to Xinjiang as a military garrison .
They vibrate , modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation .
All the president 's ministerial apppointments have to be vetted by Congress ( parliament ) and Congress may have an opposition majority .
The Omen is a 1976 American suspense horror film directed by Richard Donner .
On these appliances , Gibraltar boots up from compact flash .
Sound recordings Recordings of Schweitzer playing the music of Bach are available on CD .
French Beach of Karachi is located half way between Hawkes Bay and Paradise Point , is a small fishing village frequented by Karachi 's elite and known to the locals as Haji Ismill Goth .
Because of the large population of bears in Russia and an increasing demand for bear parts , especially bile , poaching of bears became increasingly popular .
The company 's first release was Arachnophobia ( 1990 ) .
Beachy Head cliff , to the west of the town , is an infamous suicide spot .
Diego Rivera was born in Guanajuato City , Guanajuato , to a well-to-do family .
In engineering mechanics , bending ( also known as flexure ) characterizes the behavior of a slender structural element subjected to an external load applied perpendicularly to a longitudinal axis of the element .
Varamin County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Round (/O1981/O) Algae constitute a paraphyletic and polyphyletic group , as they do not include all the descendants of the last universal ancestor nor do they all descend from a common algal ancestor , although their plastids seem to have a single origin .
Caffeine found in the cocoa solids in hot chocolate may also have negative effects on health .
They are termed '' general '' because for the most part their intended audience seems to be Christians in general rather than individual persons or congregations as is the case with the Pauline epistles .
It is played by blowing air into it or drawing air out by placing lips over individual holes ( reed chambers ) or multiple holes .
Lopez promised that he would return to the tour as soon as he could , but two shows later Opeth asked Strapping Young Lad drummer Gene Hoglan to fill in .
Other singles released from the album include '' Yo ( Excuse Me Miss ) '' , another U.S. top ten hit for Brown , as well as '' Gim/Ome That '' , released as a remix featuring rapper Lil Wayne , and the fourth single , '' Say Goodbye '' , which peaked at number ten in the U.S./LOCATION. The fifth and final single from the album , '' Poppin ' '' , charted outside the U.S. top forty .
Blues Image was a critically acclaimed late 1960s rock band .
