Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art , a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry .
Giuseppe Giovanni Battista was father to two further instrument makers : Pietro Guarneri ( Pietro da Venezia ) ( 14 April 1695 - 7 April 1762 ) , finding life in Casa Guarneri in some way uncongenial , left Cremona for good in 1718 , eventually settling in Venice .
October 14 & ndash ; Claude of France , queen of Louis XII of France ( d. 1524 )
Brian Thomas Burke ( born in Perth , 25 February 1947 ) was Labor premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 until his resignation on 25 February 1988 .
On her own time , she took some memorable photographs during the Great Depression of people from all economic and social classes .
In the epilogue to Deathly Hallows , set nineteen years after Harry defeats Voldemort , Harry has named his second-born son Albus Severus , after Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape .
The municipality only comprises the town of Waasmunster proper .
Komodo is one of the 17,508 islands that make up the Republic of Indonesia .
Peter Grimes is questioned at an inquest over the death of his apprentice .
In the end , Edgar is tipped into the trunk , locked inside , and sent to Timbuktu himself .
The double-headed eagle was the official state symbol of the late Byzantine Empire , spanning both East and West .
Between 1860 and 1994 , the city was also the capital of the province of Transvaal , superseding Potchefstroom in that role .
'' Do Feathered Dinosaurs Exist ?
Soulmates are individuals intimately drawn to one another through a favorable meeting of minds and who find mutual acceptance and understanding with one another .
They were initially horse-drawn , but latterly powered by electricity .
Sawyer is one of few male skaters to perform spirals in their programs , because under Code of Points , men do not get any credit for spiral sequences .
Some of the peaks within the range achieve heights of 3000 m.
We are n't teaching people how to talk like a hacker or a Cockney chimney-sweep ; we 're writing an encyclopedia .
This story has also been published as a short book in its own right : Night-Song in the Jungle 2 .
The five irregular bones of the midfootthe cuboid , navicular , and three cuneiform bonesform the arches of the foot which serves as a shock absorber .
Stade Bon Rencontre , Toulon
This category contains articles about electric multiple units built for British Rail , and the post-privatisation companies .
Kinship is one of the most basic principles for organizing individuals into social groups , roles , categories , and genealogy .
It was featured on the album Abbey Road , and was also the first song written by George Harrison to appear on the A-side of a Beatles ' single .
Trieste was one of the oldest parts of the Habsburg Monarchy from 1382 until 1918 .
The term '' rat '' is also used in the names of other small mammals which are not true rats . Examples include the North American pack rats , a number of species loosely called kangaroo rats , and others .
The final was held on 24 May 2008 and was won by Russia .
When the powerful P-38 Lightning , F6F Hellcat , and F4U Corsair appeared in the Pacific theater , the A6M , with its low-powered engine , lost its competitiveness .
The Cadet Corps performed well , helping in the defense of the town ( 1899 -- 1900 ) , and were one of the many factors that inspired Baden-Powell to form the Scouting movement .
Bagshot Park is a royal residence located near Bagshot , a village south west of Windsor and approximately north east of Guildford ( Grid reference : ) .
This is the most popular form of competitive archery worldwide and is called target archery .
Tayasal is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site that dates to the Postclassic period .
Aladdin was released on November 25 , 1992 to positive reviews , and was the most successful film of 1992 , earning over $ 217 million in revenue in the United States , and over $ 504 million worldwide .
Typically when describing the physical device the term ` engine ' is used .
Erectile dysfunction ( also known as ED or '' ( male ) impotence '' ) is a sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop and\/or maintain an erection .
Frik was an Armenian poet of the 13th century and 14th century . He lived in the time of Mongolian occupation of Armenian land .
Outside of the electronics industry there is often ambiguity between the terms tower and mast .
Variscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1826 , Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine .
On February 15 , 1966 , ganggangsullae was designated as Important Intangible Cultural Properties of Korea # 8 .
It is intended to let application developers '' write once , run anywhere '' .
He was the inventor of the term '' organized sound '' , a phrase meaning that certain timbres and rhythms can be grouped together , sublimating into a whole new definition of music .
The name '' Mato Grosso do Sul '' literally means '' Thick Forest of the South '' in Portuguese , a name inherited from its northern neighbor state of Mato Grosso , of which it was part until the 1970s .
It was the second annual Vengeance produced by WWE .
The Cradle of Modern America , The Athens of America , The Walking City
Public-broadcasting syndication has arisen in the U.S. as a parallel service to stations in the PBS service and the handful of independent public stations .
Two villagers of Glod hired reparation attorney Ed Fagan to sue the makers of the film for $ 30 million for human rights abuses .
The show originally aired in the United States in 2002 on FOX , although FOX aired the episodes out of the intended order and did not air three of the fourteen episodes .
The opera received its premiere at the Covent Garden Theatre , London on 14 May 1923 .
The counting numbers are exactly what can be defined formally as the finite cardinal numbers .
Uruk is eponymous of the Uruk period , the protohistoric Chalcolithic to Early Bronze Age period in the history of Mesopotamia spanning ca .
The Northern League , based in Chicago , is an independent baseball league which operates in the Northern United States and the Canadian province of Manitoba , affiliated with neither Major League Baseball nor the organized minor leagues .
He described it as ` full of little cubes ' , after which the term quickly gained wide use although the two creators did not initially adopt it .
Distributed free to newspapers across the country , her poignant images became icons of the era .
Chambar , or Chamber , is a town of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The city is served by U.S. Route 95 , connecting it to New Meadows to the north and Cambridge and Weiser to the south .
Dubai 's government operates within the framework of a constitutional monarchy , and has been ruled by the Al Maktoum family since 1833 . The current ruler , Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , is also the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and member of the Supreme Council of the Union ( SCU ) .
Pwn is a leetspeak slang term derived from the verb own , as meaning to appropriate or to conquer to gain ownership .
February 15 & ndash ; Ferdinand III becomes Holy Roman Emperor .
Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima , which is rich in iron and magnesium .
October 28 & ndash ; Francis Borgia , General of the Jesuits ( d. 1572 )
However , the redesign did not noticeably increase the amount of overtaking .
The Satanic Verses is Salman Rushdie 's fourth novel , first published in 1988 and inspired in part by the life of Muhammad .
was a Scottish engineer and inventor of the world 's first working television system , also the world 's first fully electronic color television tube .
Zudausques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Christopher Edmund '' Chris '' Kirkland ( born 2 May 1981 in Leicestershire , England ) is an English footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Wigan Athletic in the Premier League .
In physics and thermodynamics , heat is energy transferred from one body or system to another due to thermal interaction or thermal contact .
Articles and events specifically relating to the 20th century , which began in 1901 and ended with the year 2000 .
His last Rangers game came in September 1990 , in a 2 - 1 league defeat against Dundee United .
An ecozone , ecorealm , biogeographic realm or simply biorealm is the largest scale biogeographic division of the Earth 's land surfaces , based on the historic and evolutionary distribution patterns of terrestrial plants and animals .
Iguanas use their eyes to navigate through crowded forests , as well as for finding food .
In 1954 Mercedes-Benz returned to what was now known as Formula One racing ( a World championship having been established in 1950 ) , using the technologically advanced Mercedes-Benz W196 which was run in both open-wheeled and streamlined forms .
Early life Gutenberg was born in the German city of Mainz , the youngest son of the upper-class merchant Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden , and his second wife Else Wyrich , who was the daughter of a shopkeeper .
.
Please see for how to request CheckUser intervention .
Red Faction : Guerrilla is an open-world third-person action video game developed by Volition , Inc. and published by THQ .
The city is the largest city of the Mexican state of Baja California .
In the United States , a CFL can save over 30 US$ in electricity costs over the lamp 's life time compared to an incandescent lamp and save 2,000 times its own weight in greenhouse gases .
Monteil is one of the founders of the women 's rights movement in 1970 along with being a specialist on Simone de Beauvoir .
The community of monks would meet in the chapter house with the abbot to '' hold chapter '' ; that is , to read aloud from the rule book and Bible and discuss matters concerning the monastery and its inhabitants .
The distance to Agua Prieta is 123 kilometers . It is also on the railroad that connects with Agua Prieta .
Southampton Row , ViewLondon .
She was spotted performing as '' Ada '' in a Sydney '' Wild West Show '' , and then in Adelaide under the names Ada Hennessey and Kate Ambrose .
Triple H defeated Chris Jericho in a Last Man Standing match ( 23:11 ) Triple H won when Jericho could n't get up after being suplexed through an announce table .
Both forms of cardamom are used as flavorings in both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
In Japan , 1.97 million copies were sold , and 2.93 million have been sold in the United States as of 2008 .
In 1066 the Duke of Normandy , William II , a vassal to the King of France and cousin once-removed of Edward the Confessor , invaded and conquered England in the Norman Conquest of England , and made permanent the recent removal of the capital from Winchester to London .
Future extensions of Interstate 69 and possibly Interstate 66 are proposed to run concurrent with Interstate 24 in the Eddyville to Calvert City corridor .
In fact , for many years the programming of the promenade concerts followed a particular pattern according to the day of the week , with Monday nights being Wagner nights and Friday being dedicated to Beethoven .
Branchiopoda
In its modern incarnation , the dachshund is a creation of German breeders and includes elements of German , French , and English hounds and terriers .
The first witch hunts begin , in Switzerland .
His best-known roles include voicing the animated cartoon cat Garfield , and Carlton the doorman on the CBS sitcom Rhoda .
Les Mées is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
All tracks recorded live at the London Roundhouse from the iTunes Festival 2009 .
World War I Hitler served in France and Belgium in the 16th Bavarian Reserve Regiment ( called Regiment List after its first commander ) , ending the war as a Gefreiter ( equivalent at the time to a lance corporal in the British and private first class in the American armies ) .
The Rothschilds -- Book by Sherman Yellen , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick .
By Georgius Agricola 's time , the term had become a generic term for all of the sulfide minerals .
The single became a worldwide success selling very quickly throughout the U.S. , Mexico , and South America , and Selena began to be respected as a professional singer .
The population was 27,902 at the 2000 census .
Decimalisation In many countries where a pounds-shillings-pence # sd system ( # 1 = 20 shillings = 240 pence ) was used , the process of decimalisation was carried out .
The film portrays the life of Ned Kelly -- a legendary bushranger in northeast Victoria .
Some systems allow the sending of messages to people not currently logged on ( offline messages ) , thus removing much of the difference between Instant Messaging and e-mail .
As a state secondary school , Mackie Academy now serves over 1000 pupils and they study his work .
Brig , officially Brig-Glis ( ) is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
John George Terry ( born 7 December 1980 ) is an English professional footballer .
The source of these dead squid is a matter of debate ; some certainly comes from squid fisheries , but in nature it primarily comes from the die-off that occurs after squid spawning and the vomit of squid-eating whales ( sperm whales , pilot whales and Southern Bottlenose Whales ) .
Gayle has since released two live albums , Crystal Gayle In Concert ( 2005 ) and Live ! An Evening With Crystal Gayle ( 2007 ) .
The song was first performed at Wessel 's funeral , and was thereafter extensively used at party functions as well as being sung by the SA during street parades .
Owen qualifies to play for the Wales national football team through his Welsh mother and has represented Wales at under-19 level .
Martin David Robinson ( September 26 , 1925 & ndash ; December 8 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Marty Robbins , was an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist .
Zest is used to add flavor ( '' zest '' ) to foods .
OpenOffice.org Base can hence act as a GUI frontend for SQL views , table-design and query .
It does best in bright , indirect lighting and temperatures from 15 t.
The only other new lines opened after this were the lines that bypassed Bargate .
The area now comprising district Kotli was a subdivision of Mirpur District up to the year 1975 and was known as Kotli Mangralan .
In the president 's case , the disease caused hyperthyroidism and cardiac dysrhythmia .
The Welsh Football League ( also known as the MacWhirter Welsh Football League for sponsorship reasons ) is a club football league in Wales .
While studying for his masters degree , Iqbal came under the wing of Sir Thomas Arnold , a scholar of Islam and modern philosophy at the college .
The town originated to the south of the River Lossie on the higher ground above the flood plain .
Emperor Justinian I attempted to reassert imperial dominion in Italy against the Gothic aristocracy .
Robert Christgau link
History The history of Polish powiats goes back to the second half of the 14th century .
Oldfield Thomas , Catalogue of the Marsupialia and Monotremata in the Collection of the British Museum ( Natural History ) Dept of Zoology (/O1888/O) , Taylor and Francis , London Catalogue of the Marsupialia ... full text retrieved 3\/21\/2007Oldfield Thomas F. R. S. , The History of the Collections Contained in the Natural History Departments of the British Museum Vol .
He is the father of small-time mobster and Lufthansa heist suspect , Frankie Burke , Jesse James Burke , Catherine Burke and another unidentified daughter .
The woman who is not currently a fornicatress can only marry a man who is not currently a fornicator .
The two districts again merged in 1994 and formed the present borders .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
Juan Luis Mora Palacios ( born July 12 , 1973 in Aranjuez , Community of Madrid ) is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
As a testament to the character of Bobby Dodd , each year a Division I college coach who has demonstrated leadership both on and off the field is awarded the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award , presented by the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Foundation .
Duck is the common name for a number of species in the Anatidae family of birds .
Gildonic revolt in Africa Province ( 397 -- 398 )
Discovery Hermione was discovered by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
The yellowish eggs are laid in clusters on the host plant leaves .
The operating systems the daemons can run on without emulation ; also supported event dispatch facilities for network sockets ( see IRCd for further information ) .
Van Province is a province in eastern Turkey , between Lake Van and the Iranian border .
Home and Away is a Logie Award-winning Australian soap opera that has been produced in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987 .
The island houses four villages , including Vaiaku , seat of the Tuvalu government .
The European Parliament is elected every five years by member states ' citizens , to whom the citizenship of the European Union is guaranteed .
Cold air steam devils have also been reported , notably with subzero temperatures over non-frozen parts of the Great Lakes .
In Australia , the song debuted at # 13 on the 30th of June on downloads alone , then the next week jumped to second position behind Jordin Sparks , still on downloads alone .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
The Jack Russell terrier is a small terrier that has its origins in fox hunting .
Over the following weeks , Kozlov would continue attacking both Hardy and the WWE Champion Triple H , eventually starting a loose feud between the three of them over the WWE title .
TCP/IP Illustrated , Volume 1 : The Protocols .
Divisions Jammu and Kashmir consists of three divisions : Jammu , Kashmir Valley and Ladakh , and is further divided into 22 districts : The Siachen Glacier , although under Indian military control , does not lie under the administration of the state of Jammu and Kashmir .
His family moved to Paris to escape the Franco-Prussian War .
The object of the Trust is to enhance Anglican choral music by the grant of an annual Scholarship ( The Stanley Vann Scholarship ) for young choir trainers and directors in the Anglican tradition .
As the result of a relocation controversy in 1996 , the league officially suspended operations of the Cleveland Browns while its players and personnel moved to Baltimore to become a new franchise called the Baltimore Ravens .
By convention , female judges of the High Court of Justice are created Dames Commander after appointment , while male judges become Knights Bachelor .
Valley refers to the Santa Clara Valley , located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay , while Silicon refers to the high concentration of companies involved in the semiconductor ( silicon is used to create most semiconductors commercially ) and computer industries that were concentrated in the area .
As a sire Retired to stand at stud at Windfields Farm in Oshawa , Ontario , he was later moved to stand at Allaire du Pont 's Woodstock Farm at Chesapeake City , Maryland .
Filmography Actor 1967 : Shagi v Solntse ( ) - as Unknown soldier 1968 : Tri goda by A. Chekhov ( ) - as Laptev 1969 : Razvyazka ( ) - as Sotnikov 1969 : Rokirovka v dlinnuyu storonu ( ) - as Scientist 1970 : Franz Liszt .
Pop art is aimed to employ images of popular as opposed to elitist culture in art , emphasizing the banal or kitschy elements of any given culture , most often through the use of irony .
The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is held annually in Telluride , Colorado by Planet Bluegrass .
The Washers and Scrubbers .
Bartolo barges in , but is too late .
A single act of incivility can also cross the line if it is severe enough : for instance , extreme verbal abuse or profanity directed at another contributor , or a threat against another person can all result in blocks without consideration of a pattern .
( Adrian Randolph , '' The Bastides of southwest France '' The Art Bulletin 77.2 ( June 1995 , pp .
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
As the first person appointed to the vice-presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment , when he became President upon Richard Nixon 's resignation on August 9 , 1974 , he also became the only President of the United States who was elected neither President nor Vice-President .
When Henry IV tried to copy this procedure he was less successful , as he lacked the support of the people .
Lancaster ( by most locals , instead of \* LAN-kast - r ) is a city in Fairfield County , Ohio , United States .
Unlike the traditional manner of wearing the katana , the tachi was worn hung from the belt with the cutting-edge down , and was usually used by cavalry .
As a result , tape drives have very slow average seek times . Despite the slow seek time , tape drives can stream data to and from tape very quickly .
He also achieved top ten placings on stages of the 1995 Tour de Suisse .
Taka tried to land the Michinoku Driver but as Aguila flipped out and attempted a hurricarana , Taka managed a powerbomb reversal .
Argon is the third most common gas in the Earth 's atmosphere , at 0.93 % , making it more common than carbon dioxide .
The first bridge across the river is at Chakdara , which carries the road to Lower Dir and Chitral .
In 1982 , President Ronald Reagan appointed Thomas Chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) and he served in that position until 1990 , when President George H. W. Bush nominated him for a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Historically , the dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
Divorce is a 1945 drama film about a much-divorced woman who sets her sights on her married childhood friend .
She is the older sister of actress and singer Hilary Duff .
Paul Herlinger died on February 2 , 2010 .
At its peak , approximately 4,600 workers were employed in its construction .
Lamar is a small , unincorporated community in Aransas County , Texas ( USA ) , ten miles north of Rockport and forty miles north of Corpus Christi .
The symbol for the penny was '' d '' , from the French denier , from the Latin denarius ( the solidus and denarius were Roman coins ) .
Kahn has produced work in various media but is best known for his work in public radio .
Auenstein is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
However , he instead smashed Jeff in the head with a chair , and Edge then pinned Jeff to become the new WWE Champion .
The shoots are dimorphic , with growth divided into long shoots typically 10-50 cm long and bearing several buds , and short shoots only 1-2 mm long with only a single bud .
For mature to fully mature trees , the accepted TPZ comprises a 1.5 f set-off for every 1 i diameter of trunk .
He was a pioneer in eugenics , coining the term itself and the phrase '' nature versus nurture '' .
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
Jacqui Katona is a western-educated Aboriginal woman who led the campaign to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
There 's a page about the NPOV policy that has tips on how to effectively write about disparate points of view without compromising the NPOV status of the article as a whole .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
He signed to drive for the ART Grand Prix team during the 2009 season .
In 1996 , a new revision of Taylor 's Living Bible was published . This New Living Translation is a full translation from the original languages rather than a paraphrase of the Bible .
The county seat is Oakland .
Restauration ( Switzerland ) , the period from 1814 to 1830 in Switzerland .
Crowded House is a rock group formed in Melbourne , Australia and led by New Zealand musician and singer-songwriter Neil Finn .
The main feud on the SmackDown brand was between Rey Mysterio and Edge with the two feuding over the latter 's World Heavyweight Championship .
References External links The Prix de Rome Contests in Painting .
The Mission church of San Luis Obispo is unusual in its design in that its combination of belfry and vestibule is found nowhere else among the California missions .
The Irish Free State ( 1922 - 1937 ) was the state established as a Dominion on 6 December 1922 under the Anglo-Irish Treaty , signed by the British government and Irish representatives exactly twelve months beforehand .
With the group , Finn wrote the hits '' One Step Ahead '' , '' History Never Repeats '' , '' I Got You '' and '' Message to My Girl '' , among others .
The common name refers to the inflorescence 's resemblance to brightly patterned blankets made by native Americans .
This tactic is to counter opposing teams with excellent cross-court returns Canadian Doubles Similar to Australian doubles , however the single player does not have to be significantly better than the double team .
One notable result of Japanese mythology is that it explains the origin of the Imperial family , and assigned them godhood .
At its peak , it was one of the most densely populated and culturally dynamic societies in the world .
The show also follows the actions of other CTU agents , government officials and terrorists associated with the plot .
This was a superb achievement , because not only was Euwe a former World Champion , but he had enormous experience at match play , far more than Keres .
Other major offices are located in Santa Monica , California , along with Universal Music Group Nashville in Nashville ; in the UK the group has a number of offices in London and Romford .
It starts north of an unnamed 6,326 m high peak ( 35 8 ' 35.93 '' N 74 24 ' 52.46 '' E ) and flows northeastward , north of Laila Peak ( Rupal Valley ) and south of Nanga Parbat 's many peaks .
Carrow Road , named for the road on which it is located , was purpose-built by Norwich City in 1935 ; construction took just 82 days .
Samuel Coleridge-Taylor ( 15 August 1875 & ndash ; 1 September 1912 ) was an English composer who achieved such success that he was once called the '' African Mahler '' .
Wausau ( pronounced , ) is a city in and the county seat of Marathon County , Wisconsin , United States .
The house mouse ( Mus musculus ) is a small rodent , a mouse , one of the most numerous species of the genus Mus .
Saarlouis ( ; ) is a city in the Saarland , Germany , capital of the district of Saarlouis .
When it comes to conducting tests related to intelligence , learning , and drug abuse , rats are a popular choice due to their high intelligence , ingenuity , aggressiveness , and adaptability .
In 1919 , he was dismissed from the Reichswehr film service on account of his support for the strike that followed the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .
Cassius , unaware of Brutus ' victory , gave up all for lost , and ordered his freedman Pindarus to kill him .
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald ( September 24 , 1896 - December 21 , 1940 ) was an American author of novels and short stories , whose works are the paradigm writings of the Jazz Age , a term he coined himself .
He also helped the Qing Dynasty in drafting the Treaty of Shimonoseki of 1895 as a legal consultant and commissioner .
jpg
Saint-Jean-d'Illac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Prior to his death of a heroin overdose in 1988 , Slovak recorded two albums with the band , Freaky Styley ( 1985 ) and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan ( 1987 ) .
It can refer to :
During the period 1972 to 1976 it was particularly associated with gonzo journalism , then became closely associated with punk rock through the writing of Tony Parsons and Julie Burchill .
Developmental Dictatorship and the Park Chung-hee Era ( Homa & Sekey , 2006 ) His rule was ended by his assassination in 1979 .
Octopuses are highly intelligent , likely more so than any other order of invertebrates .
Among many others , he was arrested on at the onset of the Armenian Genocide on April 24 , 1915 and killed on August 26 , 1915 .
Port forwarding allows remote computers , for example , computers on the Internet , to connect to a specific computer or service within a private local area network ( LAN ) .
Burzum is a musical project by Varg Vikernes ( originally under the pseudonym '' Count Grishnackh '' ) . It began during 1991 in Bergen , Norway and quickly became prominent within the early Norwegian black metal scene .
Career Boreanaz 's first acting appearance was a guest spot on the hit American sitcom , Married ... with Children , as Kelly 's biker boyfriend .
The library underwent major refurbishments between 1990 and 2004 , designed by architects Ancher Mortlock & Woolley .
During British Rule Amritsar was part of Lahore Division and was administratively subdivided into 3 tehsils namely - Amritsar , and Ajnala .
It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967 .
After retiring from NASA in 1970 he took a job in the Department of State as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs .
Names that were not assigned are marked in .
Cairo , Egypt Nicosia , Cyprus See also Beirut International Exhibition & Leisure Center References Further reading Linda Jones Hall , Roman Berytus : Beirut in Late Antiquity , 2004 .
Phraya Ratsadanupradit Mahison Phakdi brought rubber from Malaysia and planted it here before anywhere else in southern Thailand in 1899 .
Subles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Sometimes it 's been referred to as Ticinum Papia , combining both Latin names .
Share ( television ) , the percentage of television sets in use tuned to a specific program according to the Nielsen Ratings
Coenzyme A ( CoA , CoASH , or HSCoA ) is a coenzyme , notable for its role in the synthesis and oxidation of fatty acids , and the oxidation of pyruvate in the citric acid cycle .
In Europe , only Finland has a greater density of lakes .
Eastlands was used before the stadium was officially named and is still in common use , and City of Manchester Stadium is sometimes abbreviated to COMS when written .
Enrico Fermi ( 29 September 1901 -- 28 November 1954 ) was an Italian physicist most noted for his work on the development of the first nuclear reactor , and for his contributions to the development of quantum theory , nuclear and particle physics , and statistical mechanics .
However , in some species of plants the flowers are imperfect or unisexual : having only either male ( stamens ) or female ( pistil ) parts .
Champéon is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Lars Magnus Ericsson , Swedish inventor
He was a delegate to the Continental Congress from Maryland , and the third United States Secretary of War ( 1796 - 1800 ) , under presidents George Washington and John Adams .
In The Gentleman 's Magazine he created the first general-interest '' magazine '' in the modern sense .
It measured as a Level 6 disaster on the International Nuclear Event Scale , making it the second most serious nuclear accident ever recorded ( after the Chernobyl disaster ) .
It is located at the confluence of the Elk and Kanawha Rivers in Kanawha County .
But because H. heidelbergensis had a larger brain-case -- with a typical cranial volume of 1100 -- 1400 cm overlapping the 1350 cm average of modern humans -- and had more advanced tools and behavior , it has been given a separate species classification .
After 1918 , the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Germany as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I/O. They were the key Weimar paramilitary groups active during that time .
While the two were discussing the 2006 remix of that album at a dinner party , Eno suggested adding lyrics and vocals to some songs that he had written and intended to finish , some of which were eight years old .
She holds a PhD based on study of Simone de Beauvoir 's writings and life .
Mendeleev noted a gap in his periodic table and gave the undiscovered element the provisional name ekamanganese ( Em ) .
From 2000 to 2007 the speedway also hosted the United States Grand Prix for Formula One .
This template is a self-reference and so is part of the Wikipedia project rather than the encyclopaedic content .
Botanic is an electoral ward of Belfast , named after Botanic Gardens , a local park .
Blackberries can be stewed or soaked in water prior to baking to prevent burning , a concern not present in preparing blueberry pie .
As of March 20 , 2008 , the Digsby application is in its public beta stage of development and is still available for Windows only ( Mac & Linux versions continue to be forthcoming ) .
Hofen was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Since many spiders are nocturnal , the extent of nectar consumption by spiders may have been under-estimated .
Of significant sociological concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
Services Angel Road railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield at Edmonton in north east London , and is in Travelcard Zone 4 , on the Tottenham Hale branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
Sea turtles are almost entirely aquatic and have flippers instead of feet .
The Isthmus of Corinth is the narrow land bridge which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with the rest of the mainland of Greece , near the city of Corinth .
Blender link
This was reiterated in 2007 's Comic Con where Joss stated that he '' absolutely would be returning to that world . ''
Many modern rock and roll bands have one or two songwriters , usually members of the band .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Andrew Neiderman has written the libretto for a musical stage adaptation of The Devil 's Advocate .
Bridge to Terabithia was nominated for seven awards , of which it won five .
Mpu Prapanca writes the epic poem Nagarakretagama , about the Majapahit Empire in Java .
Written and composed by Mili Vuka inovi , the song was performed 14th on the night , following Estonia 's Maarja with '' Keelatud maa '' and preceding Portugal 's Célia Lawson with '' Antes do adeus '' .
He is the only British Prime Minister to have been assassinated .
Semiramide is an opera in two acts by Gioachino Rossini .
It is the 11th most populated country in Europe and the 61st most populated country in the world .
Charles Grey , 2nd Earl Grey , KG , PC ( 13 March 1764 -- 17 July 1845 ) , known as Viscount Howick between 1806 and 1807 , was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 22 November 1830 to 16 July 1834 .
A common architecture for churches is the shape of a cross ( a long central rectangle , with side rectangles , and a rectangle in front for the altar space or sanctuary ) .
Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated .
Fresnes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Founded in 1 June 1905 , it currently plays in Spanish first division .
It is a style parody of '' We Are the World '' , '' Hands Across America '' , '' Heal the World '' and other similar charity songs .
The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri .
His TV works spanned a 20-year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show ( 1963 -- 66 ) , I Dream of Jeannie ( 1965 -- 70 ) and Hart to Hart ( 1979 -- 84 ) , but it was not until after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling novels such as Master of the Game (/O1982/O) , The Other Side of Midnight (/O1973/O) and Rage of Angels (/O1980/O) that he became most famous .
Reverse faults occur in areas where the crust is being shortened such as at a convergent boundary .
The 1734 edition of the play was printed in 1750 , and it was used for all later publications until 1966 .
Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The reasons given for the release were Hardy 's erratic behavior , drug use , refusal to go to rehab , deteriorating ring performance , as well as constant tardiness and no-showing events .
Kraken Mare is the largest known body of liquid on the surface of Saturn 's moon Titan .
These seeds are harvested just prior to the pods becoming ripe and bursting .
Singles Top 60
A bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice type .
Gabriel Zakuani ( born 31 May 1986 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese professional footballer .
Egba refugees fleeing the Yoruba civil wars found the city of Abeokuta in south-west Nigeria .
Mostly focusing on molecules like DNA .
Construction began that September and it opened to road traffic as the Strand Underpass on 21 January 1964 .
Stenhouse hit the rear of Speed 's car , sending him into the wall , effectively ending Speed 's chances of a good finish , and possibly a Championship .
Following a terrible storm , the tribes gathered for a Reward Challenge and were shocked to learn they would be rearranged .
The North Fork of the Clearwater River runs 2 m downstream from the base of the dam , where it joins the main Clearwater , which flows into the Snake River at Lewiston , and into the Columbia at Burbank , Washington . The Dworshak Dam and Reservoir civil works project includes Dworshak Dam , the reservoir and surrounding Corps-managed lands , powerhouse , recreation facilities , wildlife mitigation and Dworshak National Fish Hatchery .
In particular , he was inspired by the book Conversations in Chemistry by Jane Marcet .
Hammond , M. , A.M. Mack , W. Moskalew .
Afterwords , Paka encountered a hostile environment and had completely dissipated by the evening of December 22 .
In 1336 , it was made part of Guelders , though it was ceded to the Bishopric of Utrecht in 1347 and was known as het Sticht .
In the Scottish Parliament , the Scottish Conservatives currently control 16 of the 129 seats , however 12 of these seats were won through the system of proportional representation and the party has 1 of the six Scottish seats in the European Parliament .
The town had a population of 1,101 in the 2001 Census .
The capital is the city of Hiroshima .
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Ovens & King Football League .
Her reportedly aloof and demanding personality has earned her the nickname '' Nuclear Wintour '' . She is the eldest daughter of Charles Wintour , editor of the London Evening Standard .
Yerba Buena ( D.M. )
Several independent experimental measurements support this theoretical expansion and , more generally , the Big Bang theory .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale : Circular Reasoning or Reliable Tools ?
This tram is under restoration by HIAS .
The freeways connecting Al Ain , Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the center of the country , each city roughly 150 kilometers from the other two .
One month later it was released as a double A-sided single with '' Something '' , their twenty-first single in the United Kingdom and twenty-sixth in the United States .
Multiplied by a temperature difference ( in kelvins , K ) and an area ( in square metres , m2 ) , and divided by a thickness ( in metres , m ) the thermal conductivity predicts the energy loss ( in watts , W ) through a piece of material .
In 1924 the Peel River Bridge was constructed and in 1941 electricity was connected to the town .
Support for MP3 and unencrypted DVD playback
Underwater rugby is rugby played under water .
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide , South Australia .
West Virginia ( ) is a state in the Appalachian and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States , bordered by Virginia to the southeast , Kentucky to the southwest , Ohio to the northwest , and Pennsylvania and Maryland to the northeast .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town on the Calder Highway in the Macedon Ranges of Victoria , Australia .
As with the original title , the plot of Super Mario 64 DS centers on rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser , with slight changes to accommodate the additional characters .
The extravagance of this event is still commemorated as the logo for Beechworth is a golden horseshoe .
Heavyweights is a 1995 Disney comedy film , directed by Steven Brill and co-written by Brill with Judd Apatow .
As a Pennsylvania representative , Clymer was , along with five others , a signatory of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution .
According to the report , the PRC had '' stolen classified information on all of the United States ' most advanced thermonuclear warheads '' since the 1970s , including the design of advanced miniaturized thermonuclear warheads ( which can be used on MIRV weapons ) , the neutron bomb , and '' weapons codes '' which allow for computer simulations of nuclear testing ( and allow the PRC to advance their weapon development without testing themselves ) .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
He was raised a Quaker by an adoptive mother , Mabel Michener , in Doylestown , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. was born in McComb , Mississippi to Willie Norwood , and Sonja Bates-Norwood .
Gujar Khan ( ) is a city in Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
In 2010 , new commercials featuring Smokey rendered in CGI were released .
One of the best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by Kant .
The equations in contexts outside of general relativity are still referred to as the Einstein field equations .
Associazione Calcio Reggiana 1919 is an Italian association football club , based in Reggio Emilia , Emilia-Romagna . The club was founded in 1919 as A.C. Reggiana and refounded in July 2005 as Reggio Emilia F.C. , but it was renamed A.C. Reggiana 1919 soon after the start of the 2005 - 06 season .
His parents divorced in 1985 , and both have remarried .
Following Labour 's fourth successive defeat at the general election of April 1992 , Neil Kinnock resigned as leader and John Smith was elected Labor leader .
For instance , a computer program may be optimized so that it executes more rapidly , or is capable of operating with less memory storage or other resources , or draw less power .
Mittelsachsen is a district ( Kreis ) in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
The Platypus does not have nipples , but milk comes through small openings in the skin .
He is the earliest Greek poet who claims explicitly to be writing for future generations , creating '' fame that will reach all of Greece , and never die while the Greek kind of songs survives .
Multiple programs have been developed to help identify grooming and warn parents . The software studies chat room and other Instant messaging logs for activity that may identify grooming or other potentially suspicious activities .
The current headteacher is Dr Andrew Gillespie who took over from Cathrine Long in January 2008 .
Grigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lakki Marwat or Lakki is the headquarters of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for authorizing the Gwangju massacre , but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam on the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung , whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier .
The province 's name means '' Lands across river IJssel '' .
The Christian concept of the Messiah differs significantly from the contemporary Jewish concept .
Since then the locomotive has colloquially been referred to by steam enthusiasts and crews as the Duke .
It flows east across the plains of Montana into North Dakota , then turns southeast , flowing into South Dakota , and along the north and eastern edge of Nebraska , forming part of its border with South Dakota and all of its border with Iowa , flowing past Sioux City and Omaha .
Designers seek to imitate the flapping-wing flight of birds , bats , and insects .
In addition to its civilian employees , NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps .
The Yidgha language is a Pamir language spoken in the Upper Lutkuh Valley of Chitral , west of Garam Chishma in Pakistan .
Avalanches may be triggered when heavy [ 2 ] loads are applied , especially on a few generally identified steep slopes .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
The 2000 census recorded the population as 50,644 , although the 2008 Census Estimate placed the population at 45,670 .
The Jikji was written by the Buddhist monk Baegun ( 1298-1374 , Buddhist name Gyeonghan ) , who served as the chief priest of Anguk and Shingwang temples in Haeju , and was published in two volumes in Seongbulsan in 1372 .
The last hangings took place on June 8 , 1951 .
However , Gallaudet 's wish to become a professional minister was put aside when he met Alice Cogswell , the nine-year-old deaf daughter of a neighbor , Dr. Mason Cogswell .
Enrico '' Ricky '' Albertosi ( born 2 November 1939 ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for the Italian national team in the 1966 World Cup and the 1970 World Cup .
In 1666 , he met Lord Anthony Ashley Cooper , 1st Earl of Shaftesbury , who had come to Oxford seeking treatment for a liver infection .
Chemiré - le-Gaudin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Feynman described a process by which the ability to manipulate individual atoms and molecules might be developed , using one set of precise tools to build and operate another proportionally smaller set , and so on down to the needed scale .
Some genres of music make different use of rhythm than others .
Lamothe-Landerron is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Tram route 70 runs past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
Nanette Newman , actress and author , was born here .
It is composed of cells derived from the mesoderm and defines the primitive axis of the embryo .
The band went on to release the Just a Frisbee 7 '' EP later in 1983 and Point Me to the End 12 '' EP in 1984 .
The population was 72 at the 2000 census .
The Natural History Museum is one of three large museums on Exhibition Road , South Kensington , London , England ( the others are the Science Museum , and the Victoria and Albert Museum ) .
Jens Johnnie Pulver ( born December 6 , 1974 ) is an
Contrevoz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Andean Condor ( Vultur gryphus ) is a species of South American bird in the New World vulture family Cathartidae and is the only member of the genus Vultur . Found in the Andes mountains and adjacent Pacific coasts of western South America , it has the largest wing span ( at 3.2 m ) of any land bird .
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park , released on October 24 , 2000 through Warner Bros. .
For some people who are allergic to silver , this is the best ( but not cheapest ) way to keep playing on a brass instrument without discomfort .
A binary star is a star system consisting of two stars orbiting around their common center of mass/O. .
Over the course of the strip 's run , it was revealed that Snoopy had been born and raised at the Daisy Hill Puppy Farm .
Other relevant reactions in the pathway include those in glycolysis and pyruvate oxidation before the citric acid cycle , and oxidative phosphorylation after it .
The main character was based on General George Armstrong Custer .
It is one of the first North American bird species to lay eggs , and normally has two to three broods per breeding season , which lasts from April to July .
Alexander Andrew Kelly ( born May 8 , 1967 ) is a man from Darien , Connecticut , who was convicted of rape in 1997 .
Freak the Mighty is a young adult fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick .
The New York Mets are a professional baseball team based in the borough of Queens in New York City .
This Aeolus was son of Hellen and the nymph Orseis , and a brother of Dorus , Xuthus and , in some sources , of Amphictyon ( who is otherwise a brother of Hellen ) .
The green jersey is a distinctive racing jersey worn by the leader in a subsidiary competition .
U Thant was re-appointed secretary-general of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2 , 1966 , on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council .
One advantage of the Feistel model compared to a substitution-permutation network is that the round function { rm F } does not have to be invertible .
INXS ( pronounced '' in excess '' , In-X-S ) are an Australian rock band , formed as The Farriss Brothers in 1977 in Sydney , New South Wales . Mainstays are Garry Gary Beers on bass guitar , Andrew Farriss on guitar\/keyboards , Jon Farriss on drums , Tim Farriss on lead guitar and Kirk Pengilly on guitar\/sax .
Bernardo di Matteo del Borra Gamberelli ( 1409 -- 1464 ) , better known as Bernardo Rossellino , was an Italian sculptor and architect , the elder brother of the sculptor Antonio Rossellino .
The country is richly endowed with natural resources including petroleum , hydropower , fish , forests , and minerals .
Kraken Mare is believed to be the largest of numerous seas and lakes in Titan 's north polar region .
Millvina Dean ( 2 February 1912 31 May 2009 ) was the longest-living survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , which occurred on 15 April 1912 .
A second series , with Piper in the starring role , started filming in May 2008 , during which two body doubles were hired in order to hide Piper 's pregnancy during the sex scenes .
Their defeat opened the way for the advance of communism into Central Europe , Yugoslavia , Bulgaria , Romania , Albania , China , North Vietnam and North Korea .
After his death , Husserl 's manuscripts , amounting to approximately 40,000 pages of '' Gabelsberger '' stenography and his complete research library , were in 1939 smuggled to Belgium by the Franciscan priest Herman Van Breda . There they were deposited at Leuven to form the Husserl-Archives of the Higher Institute of Philosophy .
In August 2002 , WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar refused to defend the title on Raw , in effect causing his title to become exclusive to SmackDown !
For the Latinos , the music is more Latin urban , such as Reggaeton , Latin hip hop , or bachata .
Lamb , hogget , and mutton are the meat of domestic sheep .
Saint-Christoly-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Mill argues that society should never use coercion to subdue an individual as long as he or she does not harm others .
Dejan Savi evi ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) ( born 15 September 1966 in Titograd , Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) , is a Montenegrin former football player and the current president of the Montenegro FA UEFA Magazine - Montenegro 's new dawn by Aleksandar Bo kovi .
He threw for two touchdowns and a Super Bowl-record 414 passing yards , including a 73-yard touchdown to Isaac Bruce when the game was tied with just over two minutes to play .
The programme is listed in Guinness World Records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , and as the most successful science fiction series of all time .
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris .
This divisional alignment existed until the 1993 - 94 season , at which point both the divisions and the conferences of the league were renamed to reflect geography .
The London Bach Society is a society devoted to performing the music of Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1685 - 1750 ) with small , professional forces , using period instruments in order to obtain an authentic style of interpretation .
Horst Hrubesch ( born 17 April 1951 in Hamm ) is a retired German football player employed as a youth trainer at the German Football Association .
February 6 & ndash ; Joana , Crown Princess of Portugal ( d. 1490 )
Fangio and Moss finished first and second in that year 's championship .
'' Living Legends : Ursula LeGuin '' , Awards and Honors ( Library of Congress ) .
The baking also thickens the texture more than the reaction alone .
In early October 2008 , it was released that Bonham Carter had become a patron of the charity Action Duchenne , the national charity established to support parents and sufferers of Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
This was a compilation of his letters to Thomas Pennant , the leading British zoologist of the day , and the Hon . Daines Barrington , an English barrister and another Fellow of the Royal Society .
In North America , a similarly traditional dish is split pea soup .
In 1941 he joined the London Philharmonic Orchestra as second trumpet and became principal trumpet in 1943 .
Most of the following structures are television broadcasting masts , followed by a mix of the taller tower-type structures ( like the CN Tower ) and the taller high rise buildings ( like Willis Tower ) .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available ; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei , but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
In that capacity he attended meetings of the League of Nations . He was president of the Council of the League on his first appearance at Geneva in 1932 and , in a speech that made a worldwide impression , appealed for genuine adherence by its members to the principles of the Covenant of the league .
From 1356 onwards , kings of the Holy Roman Empire were elected in this church , and from 1562 to 1792 , the roman-German emperors were crowned here .
The stadium has a number of unofficial alternative names .
It first came to power in 1860 with the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency and oversaw the American Civil War and Reconstruction .
The Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) is a federal law enforcement agency that is responsible for border enforcement , immigration enforcement and customs services .
Gatwick is owned and operated by BAA , which owns and operates six other British airports , UK airports owned and operated by BAA and is itself owned by an international consortium led by the Spanish Ferrovial Group .
Santa Fe High School is located within the City of Santa Fe Springs .
He gained international renown as the face of Boer resistance against the British during the South African or Second Boer War ( 1899 -- 1902 ) .
Titania was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 , the same day he discovered Uranus ' second largest moon , Oberon .
Albin Pelak ( born April 9 , 1981 in Novi Pazar ) is a Bosnian football player .
Most Tuluvas are natives of the districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi in the west of the state of Karnataka .
Azad Kashmir is considered politically , constitutionally and geographically part of a separate state , i.e. , Azad Jammu and Kashmir .
He finished the Dickies 500 in 19th position , and 23rd in the season finale at Homestead Miami Speedway .
Ununpentium ( ) is the temporary name of a synthetic superheavy element in the periodic table that has the temporary symbol Uup and has the atomic number 115 .
He played left-back with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas and the Brazilian national team .
The Benrath Railway Station is actually still a regional station .
In 1955 , a year before western Nigeria became internally self-governing , Sir Ademola was appointed Chief Justice for Western Nigeria , thus becoming the first Nigerian head of the judiciary anywhere in Nigeria .
K.C. Ryder , '' The ` Senex Amator ' in Plautus , '' Greece & Rome 31.2 .
Beginning with the band 's formation in 1983 , it made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard .
Saint-Martin-de-Sescas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Kwakwaka ` wakw today number about 5,500 , who live in British Columbia on northern Vancouver Island and the mainland .
In 1986 , the Jim Thorpe Association established an award with Thorpe 's name . The Jim Thorpe Award is given annually to the best defensive back in college football .
USA : Phoenix and Goodyear , AZ ; New Castle , DE ; Whitestown and Plainfield , IN ; Coffeyville , KS ; Campbellsville , Hebron ( near CVG ) , Lexington , and Louisville , KY ; Fernley and North Las Vegas , NV ; Nashua , NH ; Carlisle , Hazleton , Allentown , and Lewisberry , PA ; Dallas\/Fort Worth , TX ; Sterling , VA
Floirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Aang is the series ' reluctant hero , showing hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation .
Furthermore , censors discouraged stories of poorly-built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away .
Touched by the act , Slade lowers his gun and leaves with Copper , but not before the two friends share one last smile .
Often doctrine specifically connotes a corpus of religious dogma as it is promulgated by a church , but not necessarily : doctrine is also used to refer to a principle of law , in the common law traditions , established through a history of past decisions , such as the doctrine of self-defense , or the principle of fair use , or the more narrowly applicable first-sale doctrine .
Michael Schumacher became Ferrari 's first World Drivers Champion for 21 years having clinched the drivers ' title at the penultimate race of the season , the Japanese Grand Prix .
Larger code size can be traded for higher program speed when applying loop unwinding .
Hungary and Austria maintained separate parliaments , each with its own prime minister .
Founded in 1541 by Jorge Robledo as Villa de Santafé on the western bank of the Cauca River , in 1545 it received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain .
Works His photomontages satirising Adolf Hitler and the Nazis often subverted Nazi symbols such as the swastika in order to undermine their propaganda message .
The Bangkok Post reported on 27 March 2011 that the death toll was '' over 150 '' , which is double the official figure of 75 .
First published on 28 January 1813 , it was her second published novel .
By function By function , the peripheral nervous system is divided into the somatic nervous system , autonomic nervous system and the enteric nervous system .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
Coney Island is a peninsula , formerly an island , in southernmost Brooklyn , New York City , USA , with a beach on the Atlantic Ocean .
Austen was not well known in Russia and the first Russian translation of an Austen novel did not appear until 1967 .
Saint Helena Island , South Carolina , a barrier island
Watterson eventually decided that it was not important to establish how Calvin and Hobbes met .
Raymond Walter Traylor , Jr. ( May 2 , 1963 -- September 22 , 2004 ) Find A Grave - Millions of Cemetery Records and Online Memorials was an American professional wrestler .
Quinine was first used to treat malaria in Rome in 1631 .
Fort Meade is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .
Tero esas tre granda -- dicis la serpento .
In 2004 , Central District and West District were merged into the new West Central district .
One significant difference between RNA and DNA sequence is the presence of U , or uracil in RNA instead of the T , or thymine of DNA .
The 2011 edition which will see the returns of Austria , which last participated in 2007 , Italy , which last participated in 1997 , San Marino , which only took part in 2008 , and Hungary , which last participated in 2009 .
Charles Peter Kennedy ( born 25 November 1959 ) is a British politician ; from 9 August 1999 until 7 January 2006 , he was the Leader of the Liberal Democrats , the third largest political party in the United Kingdom .
Bakers often baked goods at home and then sold them in the streets .
A hierarchical data model is a data model in which the data is organized into a tree-like structure .
Lost Cities ( video game ) an Xbox 360 game planned for release in 2008 and based on the card game
Styx was also the name of the daughter of Oceanus and Tethys . She was wife to Pallas and bore him Zelus , Nike , Kratos and Bia ( and sometimes Eos ) .
In February 2010 , Kim competed in the ladies event at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games , where she won the gold medal .
Its UI is implemented in Java and is open source .
Surviving 16th and early 17th century specimens in England , Wales and Scotland are numerous , for example those at Longleat ( England ) , Burghley House ( England ) , Bodysgallen Hall ( Wales ) , Muchalls Castle ( Scotland ) and Crathes Castle ( Scotland ) ; however , by the late 18th century the great hall was beginning to lose its purpose .
The band also incorporated classical music , blues-rock , pop and progressive rock elements .
The Feldkirch Poetry Award , in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis , started by Erika Kronabitter , an Austrian artist and writer , is granted annually by the theater Theater am Saumarkt in Feldkirch , Vorarlberg\/Austria .
Set '' a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away '' , the film follows a group of freedom fighters known as the Rebel Alliance who are plotting to destroy the powerful Death Star space station , a weapon capable of destroying a planet , created by the evil Galactic Empire .
The Requiem Mass in D minor ( K. 626 ) by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was composed in Vienna in 1791 and left unfinished at the composer 's death .
Oberon 's surface is intersected by a system of canyons , which , however , are less widespread than those found on Titania .
Grand Valley State University ( GVSU ) is a public liberal arts university located in Allendale , Michigan , United States .
Written and spoken Chinese as well as Old West dialect are also employed .
Famous for its main drag , known as Pusher Street , where hash and skunk weed were sold openly from permanent stands until 2004 , it nevertheless does have rules forbidding hard drugs , such as cocaine , amphetamine , ecstasy and heroin .
Numinosum (/O2008/O) - Ascension of the Watchers
On July 11 , 2007 , the first new episode of Danny Phantom was aired on the Nicktoons Network .
In a No Disqualification match , Floyd Mayweather , Jr. defeated The Big Show .
LEDs are used as indicator lamps in many devices , and are increasingly used for lighting .
Year 4 ( IV ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The organization developed and expanded rapidly in the mid-1960s before dissolving at its last convention in 1969 .
Paige , who grew up in Mississippi , built a career on a belief that education equalizes opportunity , moving from college dean and school superintendent to be the first African American to serve as the nation 's education chief .
Please see individual articles for more information .
His first book of poetry , A Boy 's Will , was published the next year .
As of mid-2010 , Republicans fill a minority of seats in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives , hold a minority of state governorships , and control a minority of state legislatures .
The site is now occupied by the Weald of Kent Girls ' Grammar School .
In 1985 , the Bureau of Land Management drilled a new well 965 ' \/O/ 294m in depth to support the new Wiley 's Well Campground , one of only two developed campgrounds in the Mule Mountains Long-Term Visitor Area .
Middletown is a town in Frederick County , Virginia , United States .
Their match stemmed from their Steel cage match at One Night Stand , the pay-per-view three weeks before Vengeance , where Edge won by escaping the cage .
Finnish paganism was the indigenous pagan religion in Finland , Estonia and Karelia prior to Christianization .
These personal tragedies inspired Pasteur to try to find cures for diseases such as typhoid .
African forest elephant ( Loxodonta cyclotis ) .
A two-tiered system of pricing existed with both declared and undeclared merchants trading secretly with banned parties .
The Greater Berlin Act was passed by the Prussian parliament on 27 April 1920 and came into effect on 1 October of the same year .
It was first a preparatory school for students later sent by the government to study in the United States .
Stuart is the only city in Martin County , Florida , on Florida 's Treasure Coast .
Dolly ( July 5 , 1996 -- February 14 , 2003 ) , was a female domestic sheep remarkable in being the first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell , using the process of nuclear transfer .
Saint-Samson is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In 1596 , it was raised to the status of capital of one of the dynasty 's splintered Saxon-Thuringian territories , the new Duchy of Saxe-Coburg under the leadership of Duke Johann Casimirs ( ruled 1596 - 1633 ) .
Saint-Tricat is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Linda Ronstadt ( b. July 15 , 1946 ) is an American popular music singer .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Johannes Ockeghem ( also Jean de , Jan ; surname Okeghem , Ogkegum , Okchem , Hocquegam , Ockegham ; other variant spellings are also encountered ) ( 1410 - 1425 , Saint-Ghislain , Belgium -- February 6 , 1497 , Tours , France ) was the most famous composer of the Franco-Flemish School in the last half of the 15th century , and is often considered the most influential composer between Dufay and Josquin des Prez .
James Howard Gibson ( born December 23 , 1976 ) better known by his WWE ring name Jamie Noble , is a retired American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment as a trainer .
The official name of the standard is Codes for the representation of names of countries and their subdivisions -- Part 1 : Country codes .
Stephen Leroy Appiah ( born December 24 , 1980 ) is a Ghanaian international football midfielder .
Dick Clark is the world 's oldest teenager .
Period = from :07 \/O/ 03\/1856 till :30 \/O/ 07\/2007
Its articles are intended to be less complex , and can be used for free readings in the classroom , computer activities , and so on .
Location Fjuckby is located north of Uppsala in central Uppsala County .
Since making her musical debut in 2004 , Ciara has attained five Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles including a number one . Prior to the release of her third album , Ciara has sold over seven million albums worldwide , and as of June 2010 , she has sold more than 4.3 million albums and 6.9 million digital tracks in the United States alone .
During the Early Cretaceous , new dinosaurs evolved to replace the old ones .
Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York
They remained married until his death in 1993 .
At a height of 110 meters , it is also the tallest building in Bucharest , as well as in Romania as of February 2009 , but not the tallest structure ( see the tallest structure in Romania , the Phoenix chimney ) .
The second-oldest player on the January 2007 list was Alexander Beliavsky , age 53 , who is 22 years younger than Korchnoi .
He became widely known as a teacher and his output as a composer was considerable .
mes amis '' with its nine high C 's following an '' overwhelming '' ovation from the audience .
Instead , they keep Saturday as the Sabbath as a memorial to God 's work of creation ( , , ) believing that none of the ten commandments can ever be destroyed ( , ) .
The thirty-six highest scoring gymnasts in the all-around qualified to the individual all-around competition .
Giuseppe Zappella ( born May 4 , 1973 in Milan ) is an Italian football player .
Although it is commonly assumed now that the Rights of Woman was unfavourably received , this is a modern misconception based on the belief that Wollstonecraft was as reviled during her lifetime as she became after the publication of William Godwin 's Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman ( 1798 ) .
Upon retiring from boxing , Lewis moved to Miami Beach with his wife , Violet Chang , a former Miss Jamaica runner-up . The couple have a daughter named Ling ( born 2004 ) , a son named Landon ( born 2006 ) and in 2009 the couple welcomed their third child , a daughter .
In 2005 , Mirza reached the third round of the Australian Open , losing to eventual champion Serena Williams .
Many of these wetland come into existence only during the Wet season and support rare or uncommon plant communities .
There are more than 360 modules in VLC .
The color is assigned based on the color of the God who protects the day or Navagraha .
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paul Keres ( January 7 , 1916 -- June 5 , 1975 ) , was an Estonian chess grandmaster .
Because fronts are three-dimensional phenomena , frontal shear can be observed at any altitude between surface and tropopause , and therefore be seen both horizontally and vertically .
There is a George Clymer Elementary School in the School District of Philadelphia .
Courteney Bass Cox ( born June 15 , 1964 ) , also known as Courteney Cox Arquette , is an American actress , film producer and former model , best known for her role as Monica Geller on the sitcom Friends .
The Iberian Peninsula is located in the extreme southwest of Europe and includes modern-day states Portugal , Spain , Andorra , the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar and a very small area of France .
and they run after Mowgli .
However , for reasons of culture and tradition , the title Lord of Mann continues to be used . For these reasons , the correct formal usage , as used on the Isle of Man for the Loyal Toast , is The Queen , Lord of Mann .
Many believe that the culture and history of the Upper peninsula of Michigan are represented in the series .
To drive , the player can either commandeer one of the vehicles that litter the road , a feature taken from Grand Theft Auto III , or use a phone booth to select a car .
Eni operates in engineering , oilfield services and construction both offshore and onshore through Saipem , a subsidiary listed on the Italian Stock Exchange ( Eni 's interest is 43 % ) .
Distribution Notostracans can be found on every continent except Antarctica .
Meanwhile , the dispatcher at Dahlerau , who tried to hold back the departing locomotive by running along the passing train and giving emergency signals , but failed to get the driver 's attention , had tried to reach the dispatcher in Wuppertal-Beyenburg by telephone to hold back the passenger train .
Tech first admitted female students to regular classes in 1952 , although women could not enroll in all programs at Tech until 1968 .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
Raw General Manager Bret Hart declined the demand and fired Barrett .
Annabeth ( daughter of Athena ) and Grover join Percy in his .
Maxwell House is a brand of coffee manufactured by a like-named division of Kraft Foods .
Although some of Murnau 's films have been lost , most still survive .
Both types of vortices exhibit a pressure minimum at the center , though the pressure minimum in a free vortex is much lower .
The emoticons appear above the avatar 's head in a speech bubble .
In thermodynamics , heat engines are often modeled using a standard engineering model such as the Otto cycle .
This is how Andrew Stewart assesses him : One Hundred Greek Sculptors : Their Careers and Extant Works , introduction .
The fifth movement of that suite , called Asturias ( Leyenda ) , is probably most famous these days as part of the classical guitar repertoire , even though it was originally composed for piano and only later transcribed to guitar .
They are located in the middle of the Bering Strait between mainland Alaska , USA and Siberia , Russia , with the Chukchi Sea to the north and the Bering Sea to the south .
All events were held at the Sports Hall in Munich from August 27 through September 1 .
Some DJs also introduced the song over radio broadcasting .
The early modern period was characterized by profound changes in many realms of human endeavor . Among the most important include the development of science as a formalized practice , increasingly rapid technological progress , and the establishment of secularized civic politics , law courts and the nation state .
Although there are considerable differences between these two varieties , they are not so severe as to prevent mutual intelligibility .
After being crushed in the Battle of Zappolino by the Modenese in 1325 , Bologna began to decay and asked the protection of the Pope at the beginning of the fourteenth century .
The territory remained under the various governors appointed by the Abbasid and the Ummayads from 712-870 .
The clock is one of the group of famous 14th to 16th century astronomical clocks to be found in the West of England .
They are also the most successful and diverse of the non-mammalian therapsids , with over 70 genera known , varying from rat - to ox-sized .
FOCA 's chief executive at the time was Bernie Ecclestone and his legal advisor was Max Mosley , while the president of FISA was Jean Marie Balestre .
It was the eleventh tropical cyclone , ninth named storm , fifth hurricane , and third major hurricane of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season .
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica ( Istat ) is the Italian national statistical institute .
Dorne ti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Copper ( II ) oxide or cupric oxide ( CuO ) is the higher oxide of copper .
Although its name suggests a salt with composition NH4 + OH , it is not actually possible to isolate samples of NH4OH -- it exists only in dilute aqueous solutions .
This includes holy days , such as solemnities which commemorate an event in the life of Jesus or the saints , periods of fasting such as Lent , and other pious events such as memoria or lesser festivals commemorating saints .
In late 1994 , after touring in support of Superunknown , doctors discovered that Cornell had severely strained his vocal cords , and Soundgarden canceled several shows to avoid causing any permanent damage .
It is generally necessary to commission market research ( generally desk/secondary research , although sometimes primary research ) to estimate the total market size and a company 's market share .
Early & private life Patrick John Hillery , more popularly known as Paddy Hillery , was born in Spanish Point , Miltown Malbay , County Clare in 1923 .
The storms remnants recurved over the far northern Pacific .
Pictures , Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment , Warner Bros. .
Christopher John Osgood ( born November 26 , 1972 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender with the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The maximum score in Bratz Bop It was increased to 200 points .
It is a 3.5 - kilometre single-track railway that runs between Sunny Bay station and Disneyland Resort station . The Disneyland Resort station itself was designed to blend in with the ambience of the resort .
Important tributaries are the Faleme River , Karakoro River , and the Gorgol River .
Distribution Knobbed whelks are native to the North Atlantic coast of North America from Cape Cod , Massachusetts to northern Florida .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Montluel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
They travel together and when they stop at a grocery store , they meet two sisters , '' Wichita '' ( Emma Stone ) and '' Little Rock '' ( Abigail Breslin ) .
The Trialeti culture after Trialeti region is attributed to the first part of the 2nd millennium B.C.Munchaev 1994 , p. 16 ; cf. , Kushnareva and Chubinishvili 1963 , pp .
Bob Riley , Alabama 's 52nd governor , is a native of Ashland .
Personal life On September 20 , 2003 , in Toronto , Furtado gave birth to a daughter , Nevis , whose father is DJ Jasper Gahunia .
Avessé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Another very early surgical treatment for cancer was described in the 1020s by Avicenna ( Ibn Sina ) in The Canon of Medicine .
Heilongjiang borders Jilin in the south and Inner Mongolia to the west ; it also borders Russia to the north and east .
The Cardinals finished their inaugural season in the new Busch Stadium by winning the 2006 World Series , becoming the first team since the 1923 New York Yankees to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark .
It has an area of and a population of 22,381 ( as of December 2004 ) .
The series premiered on October 6 , 1996 , and the final episode aired on January 9 , 2009 .
Gambon was born in Cabra , Dublin , during World War II .
Wet tropical forests are the most species-rich biome , and tropical forests in the Americas are consistently more species rich than the wet forests in Africa and Asia .
Second person formal and informal pronouns ( T-V distinction ) .
The Spanish Empire includes Spain 's overseas colonies in the Americas , Asia , Oceania and Africa , but some disputes exist as to which European territories are to be counted .
Préchac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is often referred to as fat cardamom due to its size ( ` Moti Elaichi ' ) .
The Perito Moreno glacier , located 78 k from El Calafate , was named after the explorer Francisco Moreno , a pioneer who studied the region in the 19th century and played a major role in defending the territory of Argentina in the conflict surrounding the international border dispute with Chile .
He is known for his involvement the Independent News & Media Group , which he led from 1973 to 2009 , and as former CEO and Chairman of the H.J. Heinz Company .
Wittnau is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The band spent the first few months of 2004 touring around the world , first with the third Projekt Revolution tour , and later several European concerts .
The seal is used on the Flag of the State of Kansas .
It is used to provide an additional sports commentary service alongside the main radio channel BBC Radio 5 Live .
Casals was born in El Vendrell , Tarragona , Catalonia .
Let us toil joyfully For our forebears , For our country .
Fuhua 's Scout units ( Tsunami Sea Scouts ) , both the Scout and Venture sections , have secured Silver Award for their respective Frank Cooper Sands ' Award ( equivalent to the Best Unit Award ) for the year 2005 .
There she encounters a squad of Galactic Federation soldiers , including her friend Anthony Higgs and her former superior officer Adam Malkovich .
The name is pronounced in Nahuatl , with the accent on the syllable wa , and by normal Nahuatl orthographic conventions a written accent would not appear in that position .
Nothing is known about his early years , and most of the surviving information about his background was recounted by the composer himself in his petition for ennoblement of 1673 .
Although the term opiate is often used as a synonym for opioid , the term opiate is properly limited to only the natural alkaloids found in the resin of the opium poppy ( Papaver somniferum ) .
In the cookie , the agent of cohesion has become some form of oil .
Critics of his work have alternately described such usage as ranging from being vernacular expressions of Black oppression to outright examples of racism , sexism , homophobia , and anti-Semitism that they perceive in his work .
In just a few years , Hammurabi had succeeded in uniting all of Mesopotamia under his rule .
He also affirmed the respectability and legitimacy of the novel as a genre , arguing that imaginative literature , especially narrative , was more valuable than history or biography .
Other vitamin concentrations are low , but apple juice does contain various mineral nutrients , including boron , which may promote healthy bones .
The district-free city Hoyerswerda was completely surrounded by the district .
He is currently competing in New Japan Pro Wrestling and SMASH as TAJIRI .
Musical content The oratorio is divided into four parts , corresponding to Spring , Summer , Autumn , and Winter , with the usual recitatives , arias , choruses , and ensemble numbers .
Nendaz is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Then officially known as ` The Microsoft Network , ' the service launched along with Windows 95 on August 24 , 1995 .
As the symbol e is used for the constant of electric charge , the electron is commonly symbolized by , where the minus sign indicates the negative charge .
Perles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Parliament of Great Britain was formed in 1707 following the ratification of the Treaty of Union by both the Parliament of England and Parliament of Scotland passing Acts of Union .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Democratic-Republicans .
Long Grove is a city in Scott County , Iowa , United States .
It was fitting , therefore , that the Kinneret was the cradle of the Kibbutz culture of early Zionism and the birthplace of Naomi Shemer and the burial site of Rachel - two of the most prominent Israeli poets .
Its role is to build the foundations of a community sport system by working with national governing bodies of sport , and other funded partners , to grow the number of people doing sport ; sustain participation levels ; and help more talented people from all backgrounds excel by identifying them early , nurturing them , and helping them move up to the elite level .
She left behind a daughter , Lisa Celeste , now an actress and singer , who also took the stage name , Simone , and has appeared on Broadway in Aida .
The total area is 56.84 km , making it a population density of 149 inhabitants per km .
The team is currently a member of the Southern Division of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
They do not contain lipids since they are not surrounded by a membrane .
March 23 & ndash ; The Boston Morning Post first records the use of '' OK '' ( oll korrect ) .
Advanced functions Changing the order of wiki pages To change the order of wiki pages in your book , simply move the pages in the list entitled '' Your Book '' .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency ( eta _ { th } , ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
During this period , though , De Laurentiis produced such films as Kiss the Girls and Make Them Die , an imitation James Bond film ; Navajo Joe ( 1966 ) , a spaghetti western ; Anzio ( 1968 ) , a World War II film ; Barbarella ( 1968 ) and Danger : Diabolik ( 1968 ) , both successful comic book adaptations ; and The Valachi Papers made to coincide with the popularity of The Godfather .
Direct democracy , classically termed pure democracy , A. Democracy in World Book Encyclopedia , World Book Inc. , 2006 .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency defines food waste for the United States as being : '' Uneaten food and food preparation wastes from residences and commercial establishments such as grocery stores , restaurants , and produce stands , institutional cafeterias and kitchens , and industrial sources like employee lunchrooms '' .
The breeding program produced 76 kittens in the first three years- 42 with folded ears and 34 with straight ears .
Marilyn started weakening rapidly , falling from it 's highest winds of down to 102 mph .
The gracile Australopithecines are now thought to be ancestors of the genus Homo , the group to which modern humans belong .
One use for multiplexers is cost savings by connecting a multiplexer and a demultiplexer ( or demux ) together over a single channel ( by connecting the multiplexer 's single output to the demultiplexer 's single input ) .
Michael Peter Balzary ( born October 16 , 1962 ) , more commonly known by the stage name Flea , is an Australian-born American-raised bassist , songwriter , trumpet player , session musician and occasional actor , best known as the bassist and co-founder of the funk rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
, a former station between Tottenham Hale and Stratford , may be re-opened in the future .
In June 2007 , a proposed sketch of the 2012 Summer Olympics logo submitted by '' Sean Stayte '' appeared on the BBC News 24 broadcast and website as one of the twelve best viewer-submitted alternatives to the official logo .
Firstly , he analyzed the most popular games of those times ( rugby , lacrosse , soccer , football , hockey and baseball ) ; Naismith noticed the hazards of a small fast ball and concluded that the big soft soccer ball was safest .
Bagels are often topped with seeds baked on the outer crust , with the traditional ones being poppy or sesame seeds .
Currently , the members of TMBG are Flansburgh , Linnell , Marty Beller , Dan Miller , and Danny Weinkauf .
For the time period , see Riphean ( stage ) The Ural Mountains ( , Uralskiye gory ) ( also known as the Urals ) are a mountain range that runs roughly north and south through western Russia .
Bachmann is a supporter of the Tea Party movement and is founder of the House Tea Party Caucus .
Two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money- at one point even showing a handgun .
These battles of Salamis and Plataea thus mark a turning point in the course of the Greco-Persian wars as a whole ; from then onward , the Greek poleis would take the offensive .
In his final year , he played 16 games without scoring -- the only time it happened in his career , safe for his rookie campaign -- as Werder won the league ; in total , he appeared in 424 league matches , totalling 177 goals .
These plates move in relation to one another at one of three types of plate boundaries : convergent , or collisional boundaries ; divergent boundaries , also called spreading centers ; and transform boundaries .
The end of the unification process is officially referred to as the German unity ( ) , celebrated on 3 October ( German Unity Day ) .
Interstate 25 is the main north -- south expressway through Wyoming , Colorado , and New Mexico .
Dutch ( ) is a West Germanic language spoken by over 22 million people as a native language , and over 5 million people as a second language .
Induction heating , the process of heating an electrically conducting object
Burnside is a particularly affluent area of South Lanarkshire .
Jones married the actor Jack Cassidy on August 5 , 1956 , with whom she had three sons , Shaun , Patrick , and Ryan .
When one of the layers embeds complex shapes , such as sequences of symbols forming a text , and another layer contains parallel lines or curves , the superimposition image may give rise to magnified shapes , called shape moiré patterns .
The concept of a theorem is therefore fundamentally deductive , in contrast to the notion of a scientific theory , which is empirical .
Max Born ( 1882 -- 1970 ) , German mathematician and physicist
Lucas , John Randolph ( 1973 ) A Treatise on Time and Space .
The most significant and rapid genetic reorganization occurs in extremely small populations that have been isolated ( as on islands ) .
The moons were provisionally designated S\/2005 P 1 ( Hydra ) and S\/2005 P 2 ( Nix ) .
His Master Course is Sivaya Subramuniyaswami 's comprehensive treatise on every aspect of Saivism in three books and more than 3,000 pages , composed in what he called '' talkanese '' - a flowing version of written English that resembles the spoken language and evokes ancient Hindu oral traditions .
Tropical Storms Miriam , Norman , and Rosa all made landfall in Mexico with minimal impact .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
A series of hard fought convoy battles ( Second Battle of Sirte in March , Operations Harpoon and Vigorous in June , and Operation Pedestal in August ) ensured Malta 's survival , until the Allies regained the advantage in November 1942 .
After the match , Steve Austin executed a Stone Cold Stunner on both competitors to the crowd 's delight and celebrated with beer in the ring .
History Endemol was founded in 1994 by a merger of television production companies owned by Joop van den Ende and John de Mol , the name deriving from the combination of their surnames .
This power to create new departments was removed after 1962 , and in the early 1980s the Supreme Court declared legislative vetoes unconstitutional .
The season officially began on June 1 , 1988 , and lasted until November 30 , 1988 , although activity began on May 30 when a tropical depression developed in the Caribbean Sea .
In 1914 , Adams ' father died of a stroke .
According to the 2009 Crime Rate Index , Warne was rated a personal crime risk of 23 which reflects the combined risks of rape , murder , assault and robbery .
The first confirmed sighting of Antarctica can be narrowed down to the crews of ships captained by three individuals .
Examples of wiki include Wikipedia , Anarchopedia , and Conservapedia .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
The visible spectrum is the portion of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to ( can be detected by ) the human eye .
McFly released their All the Greatest Hits compilation album on 5 November 2007 , which charted at # 4 in the UK .
The following names were used for named storms ( tropical storms and hurricanes ) that formed in the North Atlantic in 1971 .
The film follows David Lightman ( Broderick ) , a young hacker who unwittingly accesses WOPR , a United States military supercomputer programmed to predict possible outcomes of nuclear war .
Recorded in 1966 during Andy Warhol 's Exploding Plastic Inevitable multimedia event tour , The Velvet Underground & Nico would gain notoriety for its experimentalist performance sensibilities , as well as its focus on controversial subject matter expressed in many of their songs .
I think they 're kinda perverted , '' says Ryan Ross .
Jason Upton was born on December 15 , 1973 and was adopted by a Christian family in March 1974 .
The first time that '' nontheism '' was used is by G. J. Holyoake in 1852 , '' The Reasoner '' , New Series , No/O. .
Musical style The duo 's debut single '' Day by Day '' was a light bubblegum love song .
Alcindo Martha de Freitas ( born 31 March 1945 ) , known simply as Alcindo , is a former Brazilian football striker .
There are , however , many remains of Anglo-Saxon church architecture .
Kevin Michael Costner ( born January 18 , 1955 ) is an American actor , singer , musician , producer , director , and businessman .
Throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , Timothy -- a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .
It lies south southwest of London , west of Brighton , and southeast of the county town of Chichester .
IAUC 8116 : Satellites of Jupiter and Saturn 2003 April ( discovery ) MPEC 2003-G20 : S\/2003 J 18 2003 April ( discovery and ephemeris )
Shirley Mount Hufstedler ( born August 24 , 1925 , in Denver , Colorado ) is an American lawyer who served as the first United States Secretary of Education , under President Jimmy Carter .
In this latter meaning , it consisted of several cohorts of heavy infantry known as legionaries .
Lady Catherine Grey ( also '' Katherine '' ) ( 25 August 1540 -- 26 January 1568 ) , Countess of Hertford , was the younger sister of Lady Jane Grey and a cousin of Elizabeth I of England .
A clear rock painting in Ginga Wardelirrhmeng , on the northern edge of the Arnhem Land plateau , from the freshwater period shows a didgeridoo player and two songmen participating in an Ubarr Ceremony .
Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .
Permanent Waves (/O1980/O) dramatically shifted Rush 's style of music via the introduction of reggae and new wave elements .
During the first half of the 20th century , the movement grew to encompass three major age groups each for boys ( Cub Scout , Boy Scout , Rover Scout ) and , in 1910 , a new organization , Girl Guides , was created for girls ( Brownie Guide , Girl Guide and Girl Scout , Ranger Guide ) .
The leading search engines , Google and Yahoo , do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages .
Country Energy also is represented by a training and maintenance centre .
He is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Shropshire and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
The federal union , which constitutes the United States as a collective of the several states , exercises exclusive jurisdiction over the military installations , and American embassies and consulates located in foreign countries ; and the District of Columbia .
In 1966 and 1967 , Shearston became Australia 's biggest record seller of folk music .
The province of West Azerbaijan covers an area of 39,487 km , or 43,660 km including Lake Urmia .
altitudine maxima 1849 m , altitudine minima 89 population_as_of = 2002
In the modern age , the site was associated with the Palestinian Arab village of Imwas , which was located at the Latrun junction , between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv before its depopulation and destruction in 1967 .
Though modest in size ( population 130 105 ) the community is home to three universities : Aletheia University , Tamkang University , and St. John 's University .
This is a list of waterfalls of the world by continent .
Tim Hortons - Tim Hortons , and IAWS form joint venture to build bakery facility in Ontario Take-home cakes are offered in some locations .
The wine received its name , '' Port '' , in the latter half of the 17th century from the seaport city of Porto at the mouth of the Douro River , where much of the product was brought to market or for export to other countries in Europe .
With a '' few appropriate remarks '' , he was able to summarize the war in just ten sentences .
It has also sold 24 million copies worldwide as of 2009 which makes it the band 's best-selling album , the second best-selling album of the decade , behind The Beatles ' 1 , and the twenty-sixth best-selling album of all time .
Hymenocallis ( ) Sunset Western Garden Book , 1995:606 -- 607 is a genus of plants in the family Amaryllidaceae .
The name of the movement is derived from the title of a Claude Monet work , Impression , Sunrise ( Impression , soleil levant ) , which provoked the critic Louis Leroy to coin the term in a satiric review published in Le Charivari .
A Rube Goldberg machine , device , or apparatus is a deliberately over-engineered machine that performs a very simple task in a very complex fashion , usually including a chain reaction . The expression is named after American cartoonist and inventor Rube Goldberg .
It was often said by sailors that sharks and pilot fish share something like a '' close companionship '' ; Couch 1863 , p. 110-111 .
Notes External links Théodore Chassériau exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art [ ] Retrieved on 2007-4-15 .
To protect their political power in the region , the Ottomans invaded Wallachia and the Sultan put Vlad III on the throne as a puppet ruler .
Benoit was found to have Xanax , hydrocodone , and an elevated level of testosterone , caused by a synthetic form of the hormone , in his system .
The historic heart of Shoreditch is Shoreditch High Street and Shoreditch Church .
The first tropical depression of the season developed on July 31 off the northeast coast of Florida .
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
Year 26 ( XXVI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Both the geographic center of the contiguous U.S. and the population center of the U.S. are in the Midwest .
In 1957 , Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until , in the course of the season , Bernstein was appointed Music Director , becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor of the Philharmonic .
Mole crickets are omnivores , feeding on larvae , worms , roots , and grasses .
Major League Baseball on Fox or MLB on Fox is the brand name for the Fox Broadcasting Company 's presentation of Major League Baseball games , produced by Fox Sports .
Antony and Cleopatra is a tragedy by William Shakespeare .
Party Group Northern Ireland TUVJim Allister was elected as a member of the Democratic Unionist Party , but resigned the party whip on 27 March , 2007 in protest over the party 's decision to form a power-sharing executive in the Northern Ireland Assembly with Sinn Féin .
Jane Seymour ( 1508 & ndash ; 24 October 1537 ) was Queen consort of England as the third wife of King Henry VIII .
Adaptive optics ( AO ) is a technology used to improve the performance of optical systems by reducing the effect of wavefront distortions .
The United States federal executive departments are among the oldest primary units of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States -- the Departments of State , War , and the Treasury all being established within a few weeks of each other in 1789 .
This includes time to replace a failed disk mechanism as well as time to re-build the array ( i.e. to replicate data for redundancy ) .
The Running Man (/O1987/O) : The beginning events occur in 2017 .
June 7 & ndash ; Troops of the Republic of Venice capture Udine after a long siege , ending the independence of the Patriarchal State of Friuli , run by the Patriarch of Aquileia .
In cycling , for example , a time trial ( TT ) can be a single track cycling event , or an individual or team time trial on the road , and either or both of the latter may form components of multi-day stage races .
Avon , Victoria
UN call against cannibalism on the BBC website .
It occurs in cool , deep soiled , mostly mountainous areas to altitude with high rainfall of over per year .
They are completely amphibious fish , fish that can use their pectoral fins to walk on land .
The first grand piano ever taken across the Allegheny Mountains was carted over for Nevin 's mother .
Infoboxes and large tables Infoboxes and other large tables are printed at full page size , not '' floated '' to the side as on the Web .
The paper claims that the probability of truncated differentials is 2-57 .3 per block and that it will take roughly 251 chosen plaintexts ( 32 petabytes worth of data ) to find a good pair of truncated differentials .
On February 11 , 1972 , the Explorer ran aground near La Plaza Point , Antarctica ; her passengers , Lars-Eric Lindblad among them , were rescued by the Chilean Navy.Lars-Eric Lindblad , 67 , Pioneer Of Tours to Exotic Destinations , The New York Times , July 13 , 1994 .
The IPCC concedes that there is a need for better models and better scientific understanding of some climate phenomena , as well as the uncertainties involved .
The system , thoroughly disrupted by the mountainous terrain of Mexico , dissipated on the July 1 after moving back over water just south of Puerta Vallarta .
Niamh has great beauty and is ` expected ' to wed Eamonn , a neighbouring chieftain .
It is responsible for the administration and management of 55700000 a of land held in trust by the United States for Native Americans in the United States , Native American Tribes and Alaska Natives . The Bureau of Indian Affairs is one of two Bureaus under the jurisdiction of the Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs : the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Indian Education , which provides education services to approximately 48,000 Native Americans .
A laboratory method for preparing copper ( II ) oxide is to electrolyze water containing sodium bicarbonate at a moderate voltage with a copper anode , collect the mixture of copper hydroxide , basic copper carbonate , and copper carbonate produced , and heat it .
The lake Bichelsee is located in the municipality .
The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Their career took off in 1991 when they auditioned for the film The Commitments .
The De heretico comburendo Act is passed in England , as the Archbishop of Canterbury pressures King Henry IV of England into outlawing as heretics anyone owning an English translation of the Bible .
Pro Bowl MVP (/O2004/O)
However , after the Carthaginians left the region , the Romans captured the ports of Brindisi and Taranto , and established dominion over the region .
The word ` Jambul ' is sometimes mistranslated as ` Blackberry ' , which is a different fruit .
Strokkur 's activity has also been affected by earthquakes , although to a lesser extent than the Great Geysir . There are around thirty much smaller geysers and hot pools in the area , including one called Litli Geysir ( ` Little Geysir ' ) .
Solvation , also sometimes called dissolution , is the process of attraction and association of molecules of a solvent with molecules or ions of a solute .
Punch and Judy ( opera ) , an opera by Harrison Birtwistle
Based on the Greek tradition , Seleucids introduced the practice of dating by era rather than by the reign of individual kings .
A , or for short , is a type of brothel in Japan which specialises in oral sex .
The area of the present district of Unna was formerly part of the County of the Mark , which later belonged to Prussia .
Angel cake in the UK should not be confused with Angel food cake .
From 1890 on , she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the '' Ile de la Grande Jatte '' in Montmartre .
This is to allow a more intensive service through the centre of Blackpool .
Its orbit , however , is quite unusual and bears a considerable resemblance to that of 2 Pallas in its high inclination and eccentricity .
Dannes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Back at camp , Tom and Katie accused Ian of being two-faced albeit well-liked , but the latter exclaimed that they are on a competition .
Her Majesty 's Stationery Office , Aspects of Britain : Local Government , (/O1996/O)
There are also eleven golf courses open to the public in the city , as well as four country club layouts and 36 military holes at NAS Oceana 's Aeropines course .
Given the influence of the temperature of water , as well as the lack of complete adjustment for age , alcohol consumption and smoking , the study concludes that maté is '' not classifiable as to its carcinogenicity to humans '' .
Many years later , when Max is in middle school , he finds out that Freak and his mother , Gwen ( referred to as '' The Fair Gwen '' , '' The Fair Guinevere '' or '' The Fair Gwen Of Air '' after King Arthur 's wife ) are moving into the house next door .
Incorporated as '' Trustees of Dartmouth College , '' it is one of the nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution .
La Haie-Traversaine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Courcemont is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The war was so important to the Greeks and to Aeschylus himself that , upon his death around 456 BC , his epitaph commemorated his participation in the Greek victory at Marathon rather than to his success as a playwright .
If Chiara sounds familiar , that 's probably because she 's also done voice work including roles in Cyborg 009 , Zeke 's Pad , Hamtaro , Trollz , My Little Pony , Polly Pockets , Barbie : Fairytopia , X-Men : Evolution , Sabrina , Bionicle , Inuyasha , and Storm Hawks .
He started his adult career as a musician and film editor for a small production company in Wimbledon in London who made documentary films .
The Ba'athists opposed the new government , and in 1959 Saddam was involved in the unsuccessful United States-backed plot to assassinate Abdul Karim Qassim .
Pugieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The First Sino-Japanese War occurred ( between China and Japan ) during 1894-1895 , primarily over control of Korea .
The Kate Greenaway Medal , established in her honor in 1955 , is awarded annually by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals in the UK to an illustrator of children 's books .
Muscle atrophy occurs by a change in the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation .
In some cases , the tests are administered to determine if the fetus will be aborted , though physicians and patients also find it useful to diagnose high-risk pregnancies early so that delivery can be scheduled in a tertiary care hospital where the baby can receive appropriate care .
The mausoleum , completed in the 1960s , is situated at the heart of the city .
It is a remastered version of Ubuntu made with Reconstructor .
Her career-best is a semifinal appearance at the 2008 Australian Open .
The gestation period is 30-31 days , after which , the baby Joey attaches to the teat in the pouch for 130-150 days .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
In some waterfront areas , driftwood is a major nuisance .
He was professor at Innsbruck , Austria from 1889-95 , then accepted a professorial chair at the Anatomical Institute of the University of Halle , a post he retained until 1921 .
He earned 4 caps for the Italy national football team , and participated in the 1962 FIFA World Cup as well as the 1960 Olympic Games .
Les Cayes , formerly Aux Cayes ( ) , is a town and seaport in southwestern Haiti , with a population of approximately 45,904 people ( 1995 estimate ) .
Plumbing installation and repair work on residences and other buildings generally must be done according to plumbing and building codes to protect the inhabitants of the buildings and to ensure safe , quality construction to future buyers . If permits are required for work , plumbing contractors typically secure them from the authorities on behalf of home or building owners .
He worked extensively on tiny , highly detailed , engravings , many as small as postage stamps , placing him in the German printmaking school known as the '' Little Masters '' from the size of their prints .
Nevertheless , large numbers of files hosted on Commons are not used directly on any Wikimedia project and likely never will be ; as such , the project has grown into a repository of multimedia in its own right , which is frequently linked to from articles on Wikipedia and other Wikimedia websites to provide supplemental materials .
Houston , Texas -- October 1
In meteorology a baroclinic atmosphere is one for which the density depends on both the temperature and the pressure ; contrast this with barotropic atmosphere , for which the density depends only on the pressure .
From Rome , Cimabue went to Assisi to paint several large frescoes at the newly-built Basilica of St Francis of Assisi , and it is possible , but not certain , that Giotto went with him .
Comedy-drama , also known as dramedy or seriocomedy , Dictionary.com : seriocomedy is a genre of television , theater , and film in which there is an equal or nearly equal balance of humor and serious content .
It extends from the Arctic in the north to Antarctica in the south , bounded by Asia and Australia in the west , and the Americas in the east .
Universal Serial Bus ( USB ) is a serial bus standard to connect devices to a host computer .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
For this reason , the instant messaging client formerly known as Gaim ( or gaim ) announced , in April 2007 , that they would be renamed '' Pidgin '' .
He married his colleague Meave Epps in 1970 and they had two daughters , Louise ( born 1972 ) and Samira ( 1974 ) .
My Chemical Romance He is currently the rhythm guitarist for My Chemical Romance , and the youngest member of the band .
The idea of Minkowski space also led to special relativity being viewed in a more geometrical way , this geometric viewpoint of spacetime being important in general relativity too .
The decision as to whether Monroe was a resident of California , where she died and where her will was probated , or New York , which she considered her primary residence , was worth millions .
His name is also a brand for similar movie scripts written by ghost writers and many series of non-fiction books on military subjects and merged biographies of key leaders .
The Platte River is a river in the Western United States , approximately 310 m long .
The original part of the campus was built in 1986 and the campus buildings are laid out on a master plan drawn up by architect Kenzo Tange .
Under a prolonged bombardment in the trenches near Reims , he was wounded and was sent to St. Rochus Hospital in Mainz to recover .
It is a large network of websites including such high profile sites as BBC News and Sport , the on-demand video and radio services co-branded BBC iPlayer , the pre-school site Cbeebies , and learning services such as Bitesize .
Oblivions main story revolves around the player character 's efforts to thwart a fanatical cult that plans to open the gates to a hellish realm called Oblivion and unleash its horrors on the mortal world .
Ohio State is also the only public university in Ohio to which the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching has given both its highest overall classification of Doctoral\/Very High Research Activity and highest undergraduate admissions classification of more selective .
A good that can not be used by consumers directly , such as an '' office building '' or '' capital equipment '' , can also be referred to as a good as an indirect source of utility through resale value or as a source of income .
He released his first single , El Embrujo in 2008 .
Leeds Carnegie , formerly known as Leeds Tykes , are the foremost rugby union team in Leeds and they play at Headingley Carnegie Stadium .
Most are relatively small , typically less than 10 cm ( 4 in ) in length .
Penal colony Main articles : - Port Arthur , Tasmania , Convicts on the West Coast of Tasmania From the 1830s to the abolition of penal transportation ( known simply as '' transportation '' ) in 1853 , Van Diemen 's Land was the primary penal colony in Australia .
Toowoomba ( nicknamed ` The Garden City ' ) is a city in South East Queensland , Australia .
Saint-Andr é - et-Appelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Vice President will become the President if the President can not do so .
John Balliol , King of Scotland , decides to refuse King Edward I of England 's demands for support in a planned invasion of France , and instead informs the French of Edward 's plans and negotiates the Auld Alliance with France and Norway .
Cynthia Lennon ( née Powell ) ( born 10 September 1939 ) was the first wife of musician John Lennon .
For transportation to centers , some offer free transportation , in some cases for persons being released from jail into conditions of inclement weather .
Vancouver shares its name with the larger city of Vancouver located 305 m north in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Oskar Lafontaine ( ; born September 16 , 1943 , Saarlouis ) is a German politician , former German finance minister , former chairman of the Social Democratic Party and former prime minister of the state of Saarland .
Make Mine Music is an animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on August 15 , 1946 .
The municipality comprises the town of Veurne proper and the settlements of Avekapelle , Booitshoeke , Bulskamp , De Moeren , Eggewaartskapelle , Houtem , Steenkerke , Vinkem , Wulveringem , and Zoutenaaie .
Nearly all models are the direct-gain type , consisting of flat panels in which water circulates .
During the 1930s , industry declined in Huntsville due to the Great Depression .
There are international campuses located in Melbourne , Sydney , the Gold Coast , and Brisbane .
Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE ( born 27 February 1932 ) , also known as Liz Taylor , is an English-American actress .
Like most seabirds , albatrosses are K-selected with regard to their life history , meaning they live much longer than other birds , they delay breeding for longer , and invest more effort into fewer young .
Later this expanded to include wrist bands with today 's officers often dressing in the color : i.e. : T-shirts , shoes , hats , etcetera .
But this way out is not possible in the omnipotence case , because the purpose is to ask if the being 's omnipotence makes its own omnipotence impossible .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
Bonzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
However , the rapidly falling water table meant a drop of the water 's depth to 60 ' \/O/ 18m within a dozen years .
NSSDC also serves as NASA 's permanent archive for space physics mission data . It provides access to several geophysical models and to data from some non-NASA mission data .
Tongeren is a city and municipality located in the province of Limburg , Flemish region , Belgium .
Beavers are known for building dams , canals , and lodges ( homes ) .
Mohamed Kallon ( born 6 October 1979 ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer and the biggest and most famous footballer from Sierra Leone .
Amid the victory celebrations , Aragorn is crowned King of Gondor , and he marries Arwen , the daughter of Elrond and his long time love .
The Kalabhras displaced the kingdoms of the early Cholas , early Pandayan and Chera dynasties .
IZArc does not support ISO editing .
Other Spitz types which have been bred away from working uses are the American Eskimo Dog , the Alaskan Klee Kai , the German Spitz , the Pomeranian , and even the Papillon .
This period saw the War of the Seventh Coalition , and includes the Waterloo Campaign and the Neapolitan War .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
She was raised in Hong Kong and attended high school in Birmingham , England .
The resulting body of music is the first to be notated in a system ancestral to modern musical notation .
Focusing the spotlight on two characters who 'd appeared in supporting roles in his previous four films , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back featured an all-star cast , with many familiar faces returning from Smith 's first four films .
Kim Nam-il or Kim Namil ( ; born 14 March 1977 ) is a South Korean footballer .
The jackal 's long legs and curved canine teeth are adapted for hunting small mammals , birds , and reptiles .
In the early 1990s , the country drew considerable criticism from other nations for its underground nuclear tests in French Polynesia .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
HTST pasteurization processes must be designed so that the milk is heated evenly , and no part of the milk is subject to a shorter time or a lower temperature .
Jet-like eruptions , often referred to as geysers , have been observed on several of the moons of the outer solar system .
He began his graduate studies at Johns Hopkins University in 1883 and three years later he completed his doctoral dissertation , '' Congressional Government : A Study in American Politics '' , and received a Ph. D. in history and political science .
Degree from New College , Oxford in 1602 , and moved to Chichester to take up the position of organist and informator choristarum ( instructor of the choristers ) at the Cathedral at some time between October 1601 and October 1602 .
He worked in the serenely classic style of the Florentine Early Renaissance .
He invested a small fortune taken from the family 's savings to begin a musical career for his daughter , and in 1945 she debuted at a concert hall in Yokohama , at the age of eight , as Kazue Misora , a name proposed by her mother .
The end of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century saw the first era of decolonization when most of the European colonies in the Americas gained their independence from their respective metropoles .
Moore Haven is a city in Glades County , Florida , United States .
All tracks written by Radiohead .
Members of the Priesthood make up the Council of Nine , which is the ruling body of the Church of Satan . The Order of the Trapezoid consists of the individuals who assist in the administration of the Church of Satan .
Hinton was 15 when she started writing the novel , and 18Frequently Asked Questions at sehinton.com when it was published .
September 23 & ndash ; Vienna is besieged by the Turkish forces of Suleiman .
This list of shipwrecks is a list of those sunken or grounded ships whose remains have been located .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
Henry won a strongman competition , during the Arnold Classic in 2002 .
Aretha Louise Franklin ( born March 25 , 1942 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and pianist .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a severe railway accident that took place on May 27 , 1971 in Dahlerau , a small town belonging to Radevormwald in then-West Germany , in which a freight train and a passenger train crashed into each other .
The Brixton riot was a riot which took place in Brixton , London , England , on 11 April 1981 .
Tumnus likes Lucy and can not bring himself to kidnap her , so he sends her home .
Kim Tae-Young ( born 8 November 1970 ) is a retired South Korean football player .
A cathedral is a church , usually Roman Catholic , Anglican , Oriental Orthodox or Eastern Orthodox , housing the seat of a bishop .
A DNA construct may express wildtype protein , prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors , or express mutant proteins , such as deletion mutations or missense mutations .
Jan van Eyck paints The Wedding of Giovanni Arnolfini and Giovanna Cenami .
He immediately organised publication by Hopwood and Crew in London , with Bracken 's blessing .
Until the 20th century armies tended to use bright colors and bold , impressive designs .
William Xavier Barbosa , or William , ( born 22 September 1983 in Campo Grande ) is a Brazilian footballer .
It has been estimated that many millions of species of plants , insects , and microorganisms are still undiscovered .
Minimal instruction set computers ( MISC ) are a form of stack machine , where there are few separate instructions ( 16-64 ) , so that multiple instructions can be fit into a single machine word .
Hisataka Okamoto ( born December 14 , 1933 ) is a former Japanese football player .
This is the same list used in the 2001 season except for Andrea , Ingrid , and Melissa , which replaced Allison , Iris , and Michelle , respectively and were first used in 2007 .
Technology is an important factor in the dynamics of carrying capacity . For example , the Neolithic revolution increased the carrying capacity of the world relative to humans through the invention of agriculture .
During the winter months , this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long programme , broadcast Monday-Friday , between 1805 -- 1900 .
In Colombia , people from all parts of the country play the game and there are local variations of it . It is very popular ; played by both children and adults .
On May 1 , 1946 , the Parisian métro station '' Vallier '' was renamed Louise Michel .
January -- Ranulph le Meschin , 1st Earl of ChesterthePeerage.com & ndash ; Person Page 15842
Porthmadog Football Club was founded in 1884 , which makes them one of Wales ' oldest clubs .
'' Cluster '' refers to the tendency of these headaches to occur periodically , with active periods interrupted by spontaneous remissions .
As they jump from tree to tree , tarsiers can even catch birds in motion .
A common form of benediction in Roman Catholic and liturgical Protestant churches is for the worship leader to raise his hands and recite the words of the biblical Priestly Blessing .
June January The Triple Alliance of 1668 is formed between England , Sweden and the United Provinces .
Oswaldtwistle is also close to Accrington .
Tusks are also used to form and maintain holes in the ice and aid the walrus in climbing out of water onto ice .
ISBN 0-88391-016-0 According to Roberts and Butts , on December 2 , 1963 they began to receive coherent messages from a male personality who eventually identified himself as Seth .
As heat is added to this substance it melts into a liquid at its melting point ( see phase change ) , boils into a gas at its boiling point , and if heated high enough would enter a plasma state in which the electrons are so energized that they leave their parent atoms from within the gas .
While Dietrich arguably never fully regained her former screen glory , she continued performing in the movies , including appearances for such distinguished directors as Billy Wilder , Fritz Lang , Alfred Hitchcock and Orson Welles , in films that included A Foreign Affair , Witness for the Prosecution , Rancho Notorious , Stage Fright and Touch of Evil .
It is located in the center of Sindh and is bounded to the east by India .
Growth investing
Musical references proved difficult to clear so '' The Sounds of Silence '' ( one line ) and '' Subterranean Homesick Blues '' were excised from the U.S. editions .
She added that preventing Cedric 's body from falling into Voldemort 's hands is based on the classic scene in the Iliad where Achilles retrieves the body of his best friend Patroclus from the hands of Hector .
Arrancy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Ford Cougar was a large coupé car sold in the European market between 1998 and 2002 .
However , it would be expensive and can not currently be justified on cost-benefit grounds .
Its capital is ad-Diw niyyah .
In a stream cipher the plaintext digits are encrypted one at a time , and the transformation of successive digits varies during the encryption .
He won both the Academy and BAFTA Awards for his work in Kiss of the Spider Woman .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
Farhad Noorbakhsh , '' The human development index : some technical issues and alternative indices '' , Journal of International Development , Vol .
His main contribution was the germ plasm theory , according to which ( in a multicellular organism ) inheritance only takes place by means of the germ cells- the gametes such as egg cells and sperm cells .
Early Christian writings occasionally use the word to refer to the human will , e.g. and even the will of God 's opponent , the Devil , e.g. but it usually refers to the will of God .
league = 3 - Group 14
The Book of the Dead was intended to assist the deceased in the afterlife and comprised a collection of hymns , spells and instructions to allow the deceased to pass through obstacles in the afterlife .
Mushin Musabah Faraj Fairouz ( born October 1 , 1964 ) is a retired United Arab Emirati footballer .
Pulaski is a village in Brown , Oconto , and Shawano Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
A Fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes ( usually for royalty or important people ) .
Nucleobases ( or nucleotide bases ) are the parts of DNA and RNA that may be involved in pairing ( see also base pairs ) .
It spent two days looping off of Belize 's coast .
In British culture , a municipality is often referred to as a council .
Condren is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A related genus , Glyptotherium , first appeared in the south-west of the modern USA about 2.5 million years ago as a result of the Great American Interchange , a set of migrations that occurred after North and South America were connected by the rising of the volcanic Isthmus of Panama .
Cool Runnings is a 1993 comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub .
Type may refer to :
Tahiti Nui is heavily populated along the coast , especially around the capital Papeete .
Shemiranat County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
By that time , however , the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor had taken place , drawing the United States into World War II and ending Robinson 's nascent football career .
In 1998 , midway through a U.S. tour , current drummer Travis Barker replaced Scott Raynor .
allmusic retrieved on 2.22.2009 The band 's major debut was in 2004 with the single '' Urei '' .
Evolution There are 41 known species of felids in the world today , which have all descended from the same ancestor .
Snowball II was the Simpson family 's second cat .
Changé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
This is the first allied infantry victory of the War .
The tuatara has a third eye on the top of its head called the parietal eye .
A rainbow flag is a multi-colored flag consisting of stripes in the colors of the rainbow .
Their habits are similarly variable , with some species climbing trees , and others burrowing in the ground .
Martin Hinteregger ( born September 7 th , 1992 in Feldkirchen , Carinthia ) is an Austrian footballplayer currently playing for FC Red Bull Salzburg as defender .
Oegophiurida
She is possibly best-remembered for her film noir femme fatale roles in director Fritz Lang 's movies such as The Woman in the Window ( 1944 ) and Scarlet Street ( 1945 ) .
Givenchy-le-Noble is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Techno is a form of electronic dance music ( EDM ) that emerged in Detroit , Michigan ( USA ) in the mid to late 1980s .
The prediction process was designed so that Paul was presented with two boxes containing food in the form of a mussel , each box marked on the outside with the flag of a national football team in an upcoming match .
Geoffrey Roy Rush ( born 6 July 1951 ) is an Australian actor and film producer .
From 1993 to date (/O2008/O) IAHD have educated and certified over 5500 divers and dive professionals worldwide .
External links The Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Following the end of the Late Classic Period , no new major monuments were built at Tikal and there is evidence that elite palaces were burned .
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He became a citizen of the United States in 2008 .
The movie revolves around a '' mutant cure '' that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans , and on the mysterious resurrection of Jean Grey , who appeared to have died in X2 .
Born in Sam 's Cross , West Cork , Collins was the third son and youngest of eight children .
Symptoms can include a harsh , dry hacking\/coughing , retching , sneezing , snorting , gagging or vomiting in response to light pressing of the trachea or after excitement or exercise .
After the collapse of M > Train and M > Tram in December 2002 , the State Government expressed interest in creating one metropolitan train operator and one tram operator .
Clarksville , Tennessee , the largest city with this name
Professional boxer and WBC Welterweight Champion Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio 's , came to his aid and confronted Big Show .
Hautevesnes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ryo Kobayashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
Party History .
Bertha Franklin , manager of the motel , told police that she shot and killed Cooke in self-defense because he had attacked her .
Its first reference book was published the following year .
Other land bridges around the world have emerged and disappeared in the same way : approximately 14,000 years ago , mainland Australia was linked to both New Guinea and Tasmania ; the British Isles formed an extension of continental Europe via the dry bed of the English Channel ; and the dry basin of the South China Sea linked Sumatra , Java and Borneo to the Asian mainland .
Liesse-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sir Michael Caine , CBE ( born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite ; 14 March 1933 ) is an English film actor .
The contestant was given $ 200 to bet with and had to wager at least $ 50 ( and in multiples of $ 50 ) on each card on the first two rows .
Monségur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov ( ) ( also romanized Elie Metchnikoff ) ( 16 May 1845 -- 15 July 1916 ) was a Russian microbiologist best remembered for his pioneering research into the immune system .
Eagle ray , a type of marine ray
She remained at the White House until Jackson 's term expired in 1837 , but made several lengthy trips including one to the Hermitage to oversee its reconstruction .
Bed ich Smetana ( ; 1824 , Litomy l , Bohemia 1884 , Prague , Bohemia ) was a Czech composer who pioneered the development of a musical style which became closely identified with his country 's aspirations to independent statehood .
Some dinoflagellate blooms are not dangerous .
In medicine , respect for the autonomy of patients is an important goal , though it can conflict with a competing ethical principle , namely beneficence .
The Second World War Once again Canada found herself at war before her neighbors , however even Canadian contributions were slight before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
Moreover , Dwarka is one of seven most holy places for Hindus in India where Varanasi is considered as the holiest of the seven holy cities .
In 2004 the band got a record deal with Roadrunner Records in Europe ( Abacus Recordings in the US ) and started to record their fourth Album The Opposite from Within alongside producer Anders Fridén , who is known for fronting In Flames .
The film 's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman .
They were divided into two batches : those built at BR 's Swindon works were numbered in the series D800 to D832 and from D866 to D870 , had a maximum tractive effort of 52400 l and eventually became British Rail Class 42 .
Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810 Mm in 1120.809 days , at an inclination of 175 to the ecliptic ( 151 to Saturn 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.453 .
They were fitted with the Sulzer 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit producing 2750 b - though this was later derated to 2580 b to improve reliability - and have been used on both passenger and freight trains on Britain 's railways for over 40 years .
Santa Maria or Sta .
Treffort-Cuisiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Carlo Zotti ( born 3 September 1982 in Foglianise , Benevento ) is an Italian football goalkeeper , currently playing for AC Bellinzona .
Government Camden County is a member of the Albemarle Commission regional council of governments .
The southern coast of Honshu runs parallel to the Nankai Trough , which marks the subduction of the Philippine Sea Plate beneath the Eurasian Plate .
Integers Negative numbers are numbers that are less than zero .
This Thanksgiving , modeled after celebrations that were commonplace in contemporary Europe , is generally regarded as America 's first .
The Redbone Coonhound is a breed of dog , which is widely used for hunting bear , raccoon , and cougar .
Bonham Carter has two brothers , Edward and Thomas , and is a distant cousin of fellow actor Crispin Bonham-Carter , who played Mr. Bingley in the 1995 BBC production of Pride and Prejudice , and Jane Bonham Carter .
Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race , which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951 .
CBBC Quiz This feature allows the viewers to play a quiz .
Along with the hip bones is the Sacrum , the upper-middle part of the pelvis , which connects the spine ( backbone ) to the pelvis .
Peter Grimes is an opera by Benjamin Britten , with a libretto adapted by Montagu Slater from the Peter Grimes section of George Crabbe 's poem The Borough .
The second Atlantic named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season , Barry developed from a trough of low pressure in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on June 1 .
