School union students are given a choice of neighboring school districts , and the school union pays for the student 's tuition .
Some species have at least 16 different photoreceptor types , which are divided into four classes ( their spectral sensitivity is further tuned by color filters in the retinas ) , 12 of them for color analysis in the different wavelengths ( including four which are sensitive to ultraviolet light ) and four of them for analyzing polarised light .
Battle of Bands is a contest in which many bands , usually rock or metal bands , but often musical acts from a range of different styles , compete for the title of '' best band '' .
It is also used to identify individuals in groups that are under surveillance .
The Cammeraygal lived on the northern side of the harbour .
A pair of short drive shafts is commonly used to send power from a central differential , transmission , or transaxle to the wheels .
The population was 26,839 the 2000 census .
He also met with Suu Kyi later the same year .
Gunnedah ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
This article is about the bay in northern New Zealand .
The city is located in the Silesian Highlands , on the K odnica river ( a tributary of the Oder ) .
On September 25 , 1919 , together with a number of leftist social revolutionaries , the Underground Anarchists bombed the headquarters of the Moscow Committee of the Communist Party during a plenary meeting .
The lowest FM broadcast channel covers the band from 88,000,000 Hz ( 88 MHz ) to 88,200,000 Hz ( 88.2 MHz ) .
Scientific Linux A distribution co-developed by Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory and the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) , which aims to be compatible with and based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
It is not long before the player realizes that a toy found buried in a park was made at one of Cruella de Vil 's toy factories ; this alludes to the fact that Cruella 's toy sales are down , which ultimately leads to the problem in the storyline .
A floor plan , or floorplan , in architecture and building engineering is a diagram , usually to scale , of the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Mercyhurst College
Vehicles coming from the opposite direction on Paterson Road can enter Orchard Road by turning right .
Charles-Marie Jean Albert Widor ( February 21 , 1844 -- March 12 , 1937 ) was a French organist , composer and teacher .
When she was 15 she started playing regularly in several Nanaimo restaurants .
The origins of the modern city come from the 9th century , when Muhammad I ordered the construction of a small palace in the same place that is today occupied by the Palacio Real .
Koji Funamoto ( born August 12 , 1942 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
There are web-sites dedicated to communicating about homework , for teachers to post assignments on-line for students , and to keep parents informed . Many schools host their own homework posting services on their websites .
In 1980 he was made an honorary Fellow of Westminster Choir College , Princeton , and in 1988 a Fellow of the Guild of Church Musicians .
St. Michael 's Church ( UNESCO World Heritage Site ) -- a noteworthy early Romanesque church in Germany and a unique example of Ottonian architecture .
These often were about weird creatures that Lovecraft invented by himself or took from existing mythology .
Cantor ( crater ) , a lunar crater
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Landmarks It is also home to a few famous landmarks , namely the 1.75 mile Los Angeles Breakwater which ends at the Angel 's Gate Lighthouse , the recently restored Cabrillo Beach Bathhouse , and the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium .
Weedy Seadragons can reach 45 cm in length .
Vonlanthen is a right winger currently playing for Red Bull Salzburg and for Switzerland .
Rudi Carrell ( 19 December 1934 , Alkmaar , Netherlands - 7 July 2006 , Bremen , Germany ) , born Rudolf Wijbrand Kesselaar , was a Dutch entertainer .
It is classified as a D-type asteroid and is probably composed of organic-rich silicates , carbon and anhydrous silicates .
Casaya won their first Immunity Challenge , and back at La Mina , Dan and Terry recruited Nick and Austin to target Misty .
'' Mankind '' , a 2005 song performed by Alice Cooper for the soundtrack of BloodRayne
Computer networks use the Domain Name System to determine the IP address associated with a domain name .
The corpus cavernosum penis is one of a pair of sponge-like regions of erectile tissue which contain most of the blood in the penis during penile erection .
It will be the third Extreme Rules event .
In 1848 , after serving as Secretary of the Massachusetts State Board of Education since its creation , he was elected to the US House of Representatives .
Carly Gullickson \/O/ Travis Parrott def . Cara Black \/O/ Leander Paes , 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 .
The two most characteristic features of perspective are that objects are drawn :
In common usage , the word '' battery '' has come to include a single Galvanic cell , but a battery properly consists of multiple cells.Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary : '' battery '' '' battery '' ( def .
Cold seeps develop unique topography over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs .
The Airbus A310 is a medium - to long-range widebody airliner .
Mauna kea means '' white mountain '' in the Hawaiian language , a reference to its summit being regularly covered by snow in winter .
Four singles were released from the album : '' Welcome to the Black Parade '' , '' Famous Last Words '' , '' I Do n't Love You '' , and '' Teenagers '' .
Any kind of sexual contact with bodily fluids of a person infected with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , poses a risk of infection .
He was the conductor for the 1930 premiere recording of Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 in D minor , with Vladimir Horowitz as soloist .
Brown , Boveri & Cie ( BBC ) was a Swiss group of electrical engineering companies .
Guinea is divided into seven administrative regions and subdivided into thirty-three prefectures .
Previously the Lieutenant Governor wielded all judicial , fiscal and executive power and circa 1900 had more power over his realms than any other Commonwealth leader .
The ending , pledging loyalty to '' Le Roi , la Loi , la Liberté ! ''
Savigneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A feature on the death of Tina Watson was broadcast in a 90-minute account that aired on Dateline NBC on May 19 , 2008 .
Saint-Martin-de-Sallen is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Located southwest of Orion in the southern-hemisphere constellation Fornax , the image covers 11.0 square arcminutes .
The book ( later a film ) Fried Green Tomatoes , by Irondale native Fannie Flagg , is loosely based around the town and the landmark Irondale Cafe , known as The Whistle-Stop Cafe in the book & film .
These individuals do not have actual claws ; instead the unguis appears normal with the addition of a thick growth of subunguis .
On August 9 , 2008 , Metallica debuted the first album track , '' Cyanide '' , at Ozzfest , in Dallas , Texas and was performed again on August 20 , 2008 in Dublin , Ireland.LiveMetallica.com Download Metallica August 20 , 2008 , Marlay Park , Dublin , IRL MP3 FLAC On August 22 , 2008 at the Leeds Festival , they debuted the first single , '' The Day That Never Comes .
Popescu went on to represent the Romanian national team 21 times and scored four goals , he was also capped 37 times for the U-21 side .
They appear on the axils of the leaves , maturing into the large 15-45 cm long , 10-30 cm diameter fruit .
Dostoyevsky offered his story or novella ( at the time Dostoyevsky was not thinking of a novel ) to the publisher Mikhail Katkov , whose monthly journal , The Russian Messenger , was a prestigious publication of its kind , and the outlet for both Ivan Turgenev and Leo Tolstoy .
Final years in Cambrai When he returned to Cambrai for his final years , he was appointed canon of the cathedral .
The NATO headquarters are in Brussels , Belgium , Boulevard Leopold III-laan , B-1110 BRUSSELS , which is in Haren , part of the City of Brussels .
A puddle is a small accumulation of liquid , usually water , on a surface .
It formed in the Bay of Campeche off the east coast of Mexico where it rapidly intensified into a hurricane .
The '' what you see is what you get '' realtime editing has enabled designers to add a lot of detail to maps , while reducing the time spent on actual creation .
Paolo Mazza ( 1901 - 31 December 1981 ) was an Italian football manager .
Sonic then turns into Super Sonic .
Seeds are most often planted by the Onion , which converts defeated enemies or objects known as pellets into Pikmin .
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Assisi was hit by two devastating earthquakes , that shook Umbria in September 1997 .
The National Hockey League Players ' Association or NHLPA is the labor union for the group of professional hockey players who are under Standard Player Contracts to the thirty member clubs in the National Hockey League located in the United States and Canada .
The third generation Galaxy was introduced at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show , and went on sale alongside the shorter and lower Ford S-Max in June 2006 .
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
Mount Carmel is a town located in Hawkins County , Tennessee .
Braque and Picasso themselves went through several distinct phases before 1920 , and some of these works had been seen in New York prior to the Armory Show , at Alfred Stieglitz 's '' 291 '' gallery .
A related valid form of argument is modus ponens .
Hereford United Football Club are an English professional football club based in the city of Hereford .
The instruments played on the album include the mandolin , mandola , bass guitar , electric guitar , violin , and various percussion instruments .
( x + y ) ^ 4 ; = ; x ^ 4 , + , 4 x ^ 3y , + , 6 x ^ 2 y ^ 2 , + , 4 x y ^ 3 , + , y ^ 4 .
Rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique , Sokka 's creativity and thinking-outside-the-box approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique , and his master notes that in time Sokka will be a superior swordsman .
Given the length of the opera the audience was free to enter and leave as they desired .
He had numerous strong results in the knockout tournaments for the FIDE World Chess Championships 1998-2004 , with his best result being a semi-finalist in 1997 .
Lisa is dismayed after witnessing a bribery scandal in the Senate .
University of California Berkley .
He had an enormous influence on musical life in Britain : he improved access immensely , and also raised the standard of orchestral playing and nurtured the taste of the public , introducing them to a vast repertoire of music , encouraging especially compositions by British composers .
In cryptography , a trusted third party ( TTP ) is an entity which facilitates interactions between two parties who both trust the third party ; The Third Party reviews all critical transaction communications between the parties , based on the ease of creating fraudulent digital content .
Trungy is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
In 1935 , he was banned by the Nazi regime as politically unreliable .
But it is not possible to prove that those solutions are optimal .
Argenteuil is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Curitiba is the coldest capital of Brazil Heat waves during winter and cold waves during summer are not uncommon , and even within a single day there can be great variation , a typical feature of subtropical climates .
Augusto Righi ( 27 August 1850 - 8 June 1920 ) was an Italian physicist and a pioneer in the study of electromagnetism .
The word '' Muppet '' itself was said by Henson to have been created by combining the words '' Marionette '' and '' puppet '' .
Ledinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A writer is anyone who creates a written work , though the word usually designates those who write creatively or professionally , as well as those who have written in many different forms .
Angola is a city in Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , United States .
Chromalveolata is a eukaryote supergroup first proposed by Thomas Cavalier-Smith as a refinement of his kingdom Chromista , which was first put forward in 1981 .
The active partner kneels in front of her .
The second generation Toledo ( Typ 1M ) was introduced in 1998 and made its debut at the 1998 Paris Motor Show as a four-door notchback sedan .
The saga of an intrepid PAF pilot who humbled the Israelis In 2005 Syria and Pakistan agreed on mutual cooperation in the fields of science and technology .
Voyager 1 is not heading towards any particular star , but in about 40,000 years it will be within 1.6 light years of the star AC +79 3888 in the Camelopardalis constellation because AC +79 3888 is moving to the solar system at 119 kilometers per second .
Vimont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Green Monster is a popular nickname for the thirty-six foot , two-inch ( 11.3 m ) high left field wall at Fenway Park , home to the Boston Red Sox baseball team .
The player will have to chase down Cyrus , now infatuated with the power of the before-unknown Giratina , to an eerie dimension known as the Distortion World ( Yaburareta Sekai ) , in which Giratina has resided for countless ages .
Penelope Taynt - Penelope Taynt , also played by Amanda Bynes , is Amanda 's intelligent and mischievous self-proclaimed number one fan .
The perimeter of a circular area is called circumference .
A table comparing the canons of some of these traditions appears below , comparing the Jewish Bible with the Christian Old Testament and New Testament .
Because of the lack of crystal structure , obsidian blade edges can reach almost molecular thinness , leading to its ancient use as projectile points , and its modern use as surgical scalpel blades .
In the 1697 Treaty of Ryswick , Spain formally ceded the western third of the island to France .
In early September , Hurricane Fabian struck Bermuda as a Category 3 hurricane , where it was the worst hurricane since 1926 ; on the island it caused four deaths and $ 300 million in damage ( 2003 USD , $ USD ) .
It was played at a ballpark for the first known time in 1934 , at a high-school game in Los Angeles , and researchers think it made its debut at a major-league park later that year .
An offshoot of the Boston Symphony Orchestra is the Boston Pops Orchestra , founded in 1885 , which plays lighter , more popular classics , and show tunes .
They had two daughters , Darlene and Dawn , but during the 1960s , he had affairs with Nichelle Nichols ( said by Nichols to be the reason he wanted her on the show ) and Majel Barrett .
In the television series and film , Mario and Luigi are originally from Brooklyn , New York . Little is known of Mario 's childhood , though the infant version of Mario , Baby Mario , first appeared in 1995 in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island , and has often appeared in Nintendo sports games since that time .
The major problem in visual perception is that what people see is not simply a translation of retinal stimuli ( i.e. , the image on the retina ) .
Occitan is a Romance language spoken in parts of Southern France , the Occitan Valleys of Italy , Monaco , and in the Aran Valley of Spain , the regions sometimes known informally as Occitania .
He was awarded a post-graduate fellowship at Columbia University , then the site of Thomas Hunt Morgan 's famous Fly Room ( so-named for the fruit fly Drosophila , the subject of genetic research for Morgan ) .
Montezuma 's Cattleheart ( Parides montezuma ) is a North American and South American butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
The name '' Chabad '' ( Hebrew : '' ) is an acronym for Chochmah , Binah , Da'at ( ) : '' Wisdom , Understanding , and Knowledge . ''
Eucalyptus oil is highly flammable ( trees have been known to explode ) and bushfires can travel easily through the oil-rich air of the tree crowns .
The suite originally bundled Keynote , a presentation program which had previously been sold as a standalone application , and Pages , a combined word processing and page layout application .
The tales are contained inside a frame tale and told by a collection of pilgrims on a pilgrimage from Southwark to visit the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral .
He also proved that circuits with relays could solve Boolean algebra problems .
Near Visp there is a large aluminium processing plant .
For temporary deletion of a computer file see Recycle bin ( computing ) .
Some of these procedures are done for purely diagnostic purposes ( e.g. , angiogram ) , while others are done for treatment purposes ( e.g. , angioplasty ) .
It was not released in the United States until April 1981 .
The line currently operates fully automated , trains running every four to ten minutes without a driver , and the carriages were changed from the existing M-Train rolling stock to match the recreational and adventurous nature of the 3.5-minute journey .
February 5 & ndash ; In Edinburgh , Scotland claimant King Charles II of England is declared King in his absence .
Complete nationalisation had been considered , and the Railways Act 1921 is sometimes considered as a precursor to that , but the concept was rejected ; nationalisation was subsequently carried out after World War II , under the Transport Act 1947 . This Act made provision for the nationalisation of the network , as part of a policy of nationalising public services by Clement Attlee 's Labor Government .
Sir Stirling Craufurd Moss , OBE FIE ( Fellow of the Institute of Engineers ) ( born 17 September 1929 in London ) is a former racing driver from England .
She held the post of Composer in Association for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra from 1995 to 1998 .
Lawless first appeared on Broadway in September 1997 in the Grease revival , as the '' bad girl '' character , Betty Rizzo .
Social order According to an English cleric of the late 10th century , society was composed of the three orders : those who fight , those who pray , and those who work ( the nobles , the clergy , and the peasants ) .
Ondefontaine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
This means the paper money could be traded for gold or silver .
It weakened to a depression for the second and final time August 15 and becoming an extratropical cyclone early the next day .
The first was in 1970 , after Apollo 13 .
Dhuizel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Because of the U.S. 's prominent role in the Cold War , the President of the United States was often dubbed the '' leader of the Free World '' , although only within the United States itself .
County council , a council that governs a county in the British Isles
Rubik obtained Hungarian patent HU170062 for his '' Magic Cube '' in 1975 .
Coudrecieux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The upper Niger , from the source past the trading city of Timbuktu to the bend in the current river , once emptied into a now-gone lake , while the lower Niger started in hills near that lake and flowed south into the Gulf of Guinea .
The Adriatic Sea is a part of the Mediterranean Sea .
Losses in Havana were also extensive ; along the shore , scores of ships carrying valuable cargo had sunk .
Under rainy skies , Clinton received praise from former presidents Jimmy Carter and George H. W. Bush , as well as from then-president George W. Bush .
Wake County is home to three state parks : Falls Lake State Recreation Area , William B. Umstead State Park , and the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area .
Whitney Adela Sloan ( August 21 , 1988 , London , England , UK ) is a British-born actress best known for playing her role as '' Hollywood Henderson '' in the Disney Channel Original Movie Go Figure .
The longest known lifespan in the wild of an American Robin is 14 years ; the average lifespan is about 2 years .
He has also received the Will Eisner Award for Best Writer nine times , since 1988 , and numerous international prizes .
Watt , W. Montgomery : A History of Islamic Spain .
Opponents of solitary confinement hold that it is a form of cruel and unusual punishment and torture because the lack of human contact , and the sensory deprivation that often go with solitary confinement , can have a severe negative impact on a prisoner 's mental state that may lead to certain mental illnesses such as depression , permanent or semi-permanent changes to brain physiology , an existential crisis , , and death .
The company was founded in 1994 by Ken Block and Damon Way , and is based in Vista , California .
The ghetto 's remaining inhabitants were transferred to another camp .
Mather is a senior astrophysicist at the U.S. space agency 's ( NASA ) Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland and adjunct professor of physics at the University of Maryland , College Park .
Sir James Chadwick CH FRS ( 20 October 1891 & ndash ; 24 July 1974 ) was an English Nobel laureate in physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron .
A builder is a person who has contributed to the development of the game of hockey , and as the name refers , one who has built the game forward .
Thyme ( ; spelling pronunciation ) is a culinary and medicinal herb of the genus Thymus .
In the press release announcing the prize , the Development Gateway Foundation noted that through this program : ... Grameen has created a new class of women entrepreneurs who have raised themselves from poverty .
In 2005 , D. pseudoobscura was the second Drosophila species to have its genome sequenced , after the model organism Drosophila melanogaster .
Faya-Largeau ( also known as Faya ) is the largest city in northern Chad and the capital of the region of Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti .
Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers , the pocket gophers , and the kangaroo rats and mice .
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Tomb of Saint Amphibalus is also in the Cathedral .
In professional sports , a trade is a sports league transaction involving an exchange of player contracts and/or draft picks between teams .
Prom is short for promenade concert , a term which arose from the original practice of audience members promenading , or strolling , in some areas of the concert hall during the concert .
The club are nicknamed the Gers , Teddy Bears ( from the rhyming slang for the same ) and the Light Blues , and the fans are known to each other as bluenoses .
He was also the first person to hold the office of Deputy Prime Minister , under Winston Churchill in the wartime coalition government , before leading the Labour Party to a landslide election victory over Churchill 's Conservative Party in 1945 .
Sandra Kay '' Sandy '' Duncan ( born February 20 , 1946 ) is an American singer and actress of stage and television .
the difference in their distance from a gravitational mass/O.
Sigourney Weaver ( born Susan Alexandra Weaver ; October 8 , 1949 ) is an American actress best known for her role as Ellen Ripley in the Alien film series , a role for which she has received worldwide recognition .
Mitsuhiro Toda ( Toda Mitsuhiro , born 10 September 1977 in Miyakonoj , Miyazaki , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who has recently played for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
His most notable films include Reservoir Dogs (/O1992/O) , Pulp Fiction (/O1994/O) , Jackie Brown (/O1997/O) , Kill Bill ( 2003 -- 2004 ) , Death Proof (/O2007/O) and Inglourious Basterds (/O2009/O) .
It was first marketed in US in 1981 and later launched in Canada in 1983 under the name of '' Rutnam '' .
Serenity won film of the year awards from Film 2005 and FilmFocus .
He was a son of King Eric the Saint and Queen Christina , who was a granddaughter of the Swedish king Inge the Elder .
In 1981 , Herron was awarded the Vezina Trophy with teammates Michel Larocque and Richard Sevigny . In 1982 , Herron shared the William M. Jennings Trophy with fellow netminder Rick Wamsley .
Habsburg is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The film had been scheduled to be shown on Sunday during a discussion on freedom of speech in film at the festival .
Casting Crowns is a Grammy Award and Dove Award winning Contemporary Christian\/Christian Rock band .
The San Francisco Symphony ( SFS ) is an orchestra based in San Francisco , California .
Uses The chief use of ethane is in the chemical industry in the production of ethylene by steam cracking .
February 24 & ndash ; William Otis receives a patent for the steam shovel .
Kenta Tanno is a Japanese football player currently playing for Cerezo Osaka .
I now consider this to be a universal event in childhood , '' Freud said .
Biblical manuscripts vary in size from tiny scrolls containing individual verses of the Jewish scriptures ( see Tefillin ) to huge polyglot codices ( multi-lingual books ) containing both the Hebrew Bible ( Tanakh ) and the New Testament , as well as extracanonical works .
The lord invested the vassal with a fiefdom , by giving a symbol of the land or office conveyed in return for an oath of fealty .
Some STIs can also be transmitted via the use of IV drug needles after its use by an infected person , as well as through childbirth or breastfeeding .
During his career Davenport has also performed voice-overs , having narrated the audio versions of John Buchan 's The Thirty-Nine Steps and recorded parts in Anthony Burgess ' A Clockwork Orange .
Olympiastadion - Munich (/O1972/O)
Blood serum is blood plasma without fibrinogen or the other clotting factors ( i.e. , whole blood minus both the cells and the clotting factors ) .
Hironobu Haga is a Japanese footballer .
Upon entering the Comitia Centuriata , the lictors would lower the fasces to show that the powers of the consuls derive from the people ( populus romanus ) .
Cutry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
New York Jets , an American football team
The Cromwellian campaign was characterised by its uncompromising treatment of the Irish towns ( most notably Drogheda ) that had supported the Royalists during the English Civil War .
Gameplay In casual play , the right to deal a hand typically rotates among the players and is marked by a token called a dealer button ( or buck ) .
There are 67 counties in the U.S. state of Florida .
London Stansted Airport is a passenger airport located at Stansted Mountfitchet in the District of Uttlesford in Essex , north-east of central London .
He also put forth the idea of the National Crime Syndicate in the 1930s and later became an unofficial adviser to the Genovese crime family .
The Sumgait pogrom ( also known as the Sumgait Massacre or February Events ) was a pogrom that targeted the Armenian population of the seaside town of Sumgait in Soviet Azerbaijan during February 1988 .
Article Three describes the court system ( the judicial branch ) , including the Supreme Court .
Sartre served as a conscript in the French Army from 1929 to 1931 and he later argued in 1959 that each French person was responsible for the collective crimes during the Algerian War of Independence .
Europeans introduced saffron to the Americas when immigrant members of the Schwenkfelder Church left Europe with a trunk containing saffron corms ; indeed , many Schwenkfelders had widely grown saffron in Europe .
His instruments are generally finer than his father 's , but are rare owing to his double profession .
Kofi Kingston was preparing for his match against Randy Orton when Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase Jr passed by and sent a message to Kingston , this resulted in Kingston going to Orton 's locker room and calling Orton a '' coward '' .
The Paleolithic era ended with the Mesolithic , in Western Europe , and with the Epipaleolithic in areas not affected by the Ice Age ( such as Africa ) .
There are hundreds of thousands of North and South Korean soldiers and weapons on each side of the Demilitarized Zone , including to this day an American military presence .
It was originally released in 1985 on Combat Records .
The Roman military is leaderless for several years until Constantius III becomes patrician .
The Ore Mountains ( German : Erzgebirge ) were virtually unsettled in the early Middle Ages .
Scene 2 : On the Boat to Venice He takes a boat to Venice , sharing his passage with a group of libidinous youths and their leader , the Elderly Fop .
The Nationals are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball 's National League .
The Kate Greenaway Medal , established in her honour in 1955 , is awarded annually by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals in the UK to an illustrator of children 's books .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS ( Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 ) was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
James McGreevey was born in Jersey City , New Jersey , to Irish Catholic parents and grew up in nearby Carteret .
In 1967 , Sturtevant received the National Medal of Science .
Takahisa Nishiyama ( born July 11 , 1985 in Sendai , Miyagi ) is a Japanese football player .
In 1859 , the eastern part of the remainder of Ashe County became Alleghany County .
For running the firewall , no hard disk is needed , because Gibraltar is able to start up and run directly off CDROM .
The original lyrics were written in 1895 by poet and nationalist Banjo Paterson .
Mother Rabbit has forbidden her children to enter the garden of Mr. McGregor : it was there that their father met his untimely end and became the ingredient of a pie .
Victor Marlborough Silvester OBE ( 25 February 1900 - 14 August 1978 ) was an English dancer , author , musician and dance band leader . He was a significant figure in the development of ballroom dance during the first half of the 20th century , and his records sold 75 million copies from the 1930s through to the 1980s .
In 1805 they built a second distillery in Pontarlier , France , under the new company name Maison Pernod Fils .
Note that the subtractive principle is not extended beyond the chart : for example , IL is not used for 49 , rather this should be written as forty ( XL ) and nine ( IX ) , or XLIX .
Non-athletic After retiring from sports , Wistert became a New York lawyer .
Touré is a central defender .
Some opportunities are also available in the UK , USA , Dubai and other countries .
Aristotle relates equality and democracy : '' Democracy arose from the idea that those who are equal in any respect are equal absolutely .
Pluto has three known moons .
Hurricane Douglas was the strongest storm , reaching Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale and had its beginnings in the Atlantic as Hurricane Cesar .
The Finnish Army , facing Red Army tanks in what came to be known as the Winter War , borrowed the design of an improvised incendiary device that had been used for the first timeThomas , Hugh (/O1994/O) .
and many original Japanese cartoons were produced in the ensuing decades , the characteristic anime style developed in the 1960s -- notably with the work of Osamu Tezuka -- and became known outside Japan in the 1980s .
The small chapel , with its brightly frescoed walls and gold leaf decorations gives the impression of a jewel box .
Their philosophy was that the purpose of life was to live a life of Virtue in agreement with Nature .
Fossil members of Loxodonta have only been found in Africa , where they developed in the middle Pliocene .
A major pay-per-view event occurred on September 16 , 1981 , when Sugar Ray Leonard fought Thomas '' Hitman '' Hearns for the Welterweight Championship .
The main sights of Dallenwil are : the ski and summer resort Wiesenberg/Wirzweli , the church St. Laurentius , and the pilgrimage chapel Wiesenberg .
Tadao Kobayashi ( born July 7 , 1930 ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
The Nilgai ( Boselaphus tragocamelus ) is an antelope , and is one of the most commonly seen wild animals of central and northern India and eastern Pakistan ; it is also present in parts of southern Nepal .
The world 's lowest lake is the Dead Sea , bordering Israel , Jordan at 418 m ( 1,371 ft ) below sea level .
Further research into these plants ' carnivorous adaptations may reveal that a few protocarnivorous plants do meet the more rigid definition of a carnivorous plant .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 18 They are sometimes discovered along with small dolls or figurines ( sometimes inaccurately referred to as '' Voodoo dolls '' See e.g. Faraone in Magika Hiera (/O1991/O) , p. 4 etc. ) , which may also be pierced by nails .
The reaction was chiefly positive and even the newly-revitalized BBC Radio 2 played the track repeatedly .
There he wrote his Heiligenstadt Testament , which records his resolution to continue living for and through his art .
Bressaucourt is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Since the 1980s , having branched away from stand-up comedy , he has become a successful actor , playwright , pianist , banjo player , and juggler , eventually earning Emmy , Grammy , and American Comedy awards .
The kingdom was succeeded by a Communist era ( 1947 -- 1989 ) during which Hungary gained widespread international attention regarding the Revolution of 1956 and the seminal move of opening its border with Austria in 1989 , thus accelerating the collapse of the Eastern Bloc .
She is probably best known as Shirley Partridge , the widowed mother of five children in the situation-comedy television series The Partridge Family ( 1970 & ndash ; 1974 ) , co-starring her real-life stepson David Cassidy , son of Jack Cassidy .
(/O2002/O) , Chuck (/O2004/O) and Underclass Hero (/O2007/O) .
A short way south , Shade and Marina encounter an owl , who attempts to kill them . Before the owl can , he is himself eaten by two carnivorous bats : Goth and Throbb .
Connections with p-adic analysis From this beginning in the 1950s , a substantial theory has been built up .
It is equal to one-eighth of an international mile , to 220 yards , and to 660 feet .
It also has a mobile telephone network , Asda Mobile .
McCall is a resort city on the western edge of Valley County , Idaho , United States .
In 2005 , the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Marshall and Robin Warren , his long-time collaborator , '' for their discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease '' .
Hattusili III ( Hittite : '' from Hattusa '' ) was a king of the Hittite empire ( New Kingdom or Late Empire ) ca . 1267 - 1237 BC ( short chronology ) .
Ken Tyrrell in particular was enraged by the fact that Ecclestone , as President of FOCA had negotiated the transfer of the rights from the organization to his own company .
Classified as a terrestrial planet , it is sometimes called Earth 's '' sister planet '' because they are similar in size , gravity , and bulk composition .
He remained with Manor for another year and won the championship with ten wins and 419 points to the two wins and 377 points of his nearest rival , Alex Lloyd .
Despite their spines , they are preyed on by birds , the Tasmanian Devil , cats , foxes and dogs .
While in the past , these illnesses have mostly been referred to as STDs or VDs , in recent years the term sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) has been preferred , as it has a broader range of meaning ; a person may be infected , and may potentially infect others , without showing signs of disease .
A pair which has repeatedly failed in breeding attempts may split and look for new mates .
Patrick Timothy Kane Jr. ( born November 19 , 1988 ) is an American professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Its founders Akio Morita and Masaru Ibuka derived the name from sonus , the Latin word for sound , and also from the English slang word '' sonny '' , since they considered themselves to be '' sonny boys '' , a loan word into Japanese which in the early 1950s connoted smart and presentable young men .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
Gilf Kebir ( ) ( var .
When he was drafted into the Wehrmacht during World War II , in 1943 , Fischer-Dieskau had just completed his secondary school studies and one semester at the Berlin Conservatory .
These demons were originally storm demons , but they eventually became regarded as night demons due to mistaken etymology .
The four outer planets , the gas giants , are substantially more massive than the terrestrials .
She normally wears a vest , a plaid shirt and gray shorts , as well as large framed black glasses .
The upper part of the mountain mesa consists of Ordovician quartzitic sandstone , commonly referred to as Table Mountain Sandstone ( TMS ) , which is highly resistant to erosion and forms characteristic steep gray crags .
He is the winner of the 21st annual New Talent Singing Awards Hong Kong Regional Finals .
Saint-Marcel ( also known as Saint-Marcel-en-Dombes ) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He has also appeared in most installments of the Mario Party series .
Péron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Proyecto 4 ( D.M. )
The Gold Coast City Art Gallery is a regional Art museum , Opened in 1986 , the Gallery is funded by the Gold Coast City Council as part of the Gold Coast Art Centre .
He has also acted in numerous films , on television , musicals , and in commercials .
Stud games are also typically non-positional games , meaning that the player who bets first on each round may change from round to round ( it is usually the player whose face-up cards make the best hand for the game being played ) .
Roman society deities Plautus was sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
A rotation is a movement of an object in a circular motion .
by Philip K. Dick .
'' Mean '' Gene Okerlund , '' Sensational '' Sherri Martel , Tony Atlas , Verne Gagne , William '' The Refrigerator '' Perry and The Blackjacks ( Blackjack Mulligan and Blackjack Lanza ) attended the class while Eddie Guerrero was represented by his wife Vickie Guerrero who was supported by Eddie 's nephew Chavo Guerrero .
The Jordan also can signify death itself , with the crossing from life into Paradise or Heaven .
Summertime ( novel ) , a novel by J. M. Coetzee
Keay , p 215 The power of the new empire was proclaimed to the eastern world by the celebrated expedition to the Ganges which Rajendra Chola I undertook and by the overthrow after an unprecedented naval war of the maritime empire of Srivijaya , as well as by the repeated embassies to China .
Winners General classification The overall winner of the race by time wears a white jersey ( Dutch : Witte trui or French : Maillot blanc ) .
Martin Lee , The Beast Reawakens ( Warner Books , 1998 ) , p. 50 .
A more recent event was the creation of an artificial Lake of Bilancino on the Sieve river .
Pocket gophers are widely distributed in North America , extending into Central America .
He is currently a Member of Parliament representing the constituency of West Dorset , and is the Chairman of the Conservative Research Department and Chairman of the Conservative Party 's Policy Review .
Stud poker , a card game with numerous variations , including :
Andres then turned back to the northeast . It weakened to a depression and made landfall near San Salvador on June 7 and dissipated shortly thereafter .
July 8 & ndash ; The Qing Dynasty Chinese admiral Shi Lang leads 300 ships with 20,000 troops out of Tongshan , Fujian and sails towards the Kingdom of Tungning , in modern-day Taiwan and Penghu , in order to quell the kingdom in the name of Qing .
Homo georgicus is a species of Homo that was suggested in 2002 to describe fossil skulls and jaws found in Dmanisi , Georgia in 1999 and 2001 , which seem intermediate between Homo habilis and H. erectus .
The initial spark for Dodd 's withdrawal was a historic feud with Alabama Crimson Tide Coach Bear Bryant .
id : darkgrey value : gray (/O0.8/O)
At the Nuremberg Judges ' Trial Schlegelberger was one of the main accused .
His grandson Filippo has followed in his footsteps and plays for the Juventus Primavera ( U-20 ) team and the Italy U-19 team as a midfielder .
Elemental rubidium is very soft and highly reactive , with properties similar to other elements in group 1 , such as very rapid oxidation in air .
The heavy snow continued all day , and it developed in New York City by the evening .
Knowles said she is meant to '' slowly become a woman '' during the video , adding '' Well , a sexier woman - I 'm always a woman . ''
Mach number ( mathrm { Ma } or M ) ( generally , sometimes or ) is the speed of an object moving through air , or any other fluid substance , divided by the speed of sound as it is in that substance for its particular physical conditions , including those of temperature and pressure .
Rolling Stone link
The parsec ( '' parallax of one arcsecond '' , symbol pc ) is a unit of length , equal to just under 31 trillion kilometres ( about 19 trillion miles ) , or about 3.26 light-years .
A circle is a special ellipse in which the two foci are coincident .
The Zhou initially moved their capital west to an area near modern Xi'an , near the Yellow River , but they would preside over a series of expansions into the Yangtze River valley .
In 876 , the Danes attack Wessex again , and in 878 king Alfred the Great of Wessex has to retreat to a single fort in the marshes of Somerset , but later that year he defeats the Danes , and England is divided in a Danish part in the northeast and a Wessex part in the south and west .
Mass posting of links to a particular website is strongly discouraged on Wikipedia .
The Intertropical Convergence Zone developed a tropical depression on September 23 , east of the southern Lesser Antilles .
When the tax is levied on the income of companies , it is often called a corporate tax , corporate income tax , or corporation tax .
The town is served by the twice-daily Countrylink Xplorer service between Canberra and Sydney .
She assumed the title at age 114 years , 115 days .
It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API emulation layer .
Chinese martial arts , also referred to by the Mandarin Chinese term wushu ( ) and popularly as kung fu ( ) , are a number of fighting styles that have developed over the centuries in China .
At Euston , northbound Victoria and Northern line ( Bank branch ) trains run along adjacent platforms , although they travel in opposite directions .
Ganesha ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ; ) , also spelled Ganesa or Ganesh , also known as Ganapati ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ) , Vinayaka ( Sanskrit : ; IAST : ) , and Pillaiyar , is one of the deities best-known and most widely worshipped in the Hindu pantheon .
In some languages , a closure may occur when a function is defined within another function , and the inner function refers to local variables of the outer function .
The property was transferred to the State of Florida in 1947 , and opened as a state park in 1950 .
Meanwhile , Prussia Germanized the entire school system of its Polish subjects and had no more respect for Polish culture and institutions than the Russian Empire .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , also known as the Wales Trophy , is an award presented by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) to the Eastern Conference ( formerly the Wales Conference ) playoff champions , prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup .
They meet at the Council of Acre and decide to attack Damascus .
Anchoring the traditional campus gateway at the eastern end of The Oval is the Wexner Center for the Arts .
A detailed explanation of how knockout ( KO ) mice are created is located at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007 .
The Regensburg Cathedral ( ) , dedicated to St Peter , is the most important church and landmark of the city Regensburg , Germany .
One of the largest of these paintings is a view of St. Bartholomew 's Church at Lawrie Park Avenue , commonly known as The Avenue , Sydenham , in the collection of the London National Gallery .
Robinson is the twenty fourth , and first female , Chancellor of University of Dublin ( i.e. Trinity College ) .
The test bay is a place such as a hall , a laboratory or sometimes a department where the produced articles are tested before delivery according to testing guidelines of this industry or firm .
Three storms were notable enough to have their names retired : Cleo , Dora , and Hilda .
Vick was selected first in the 2001 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons . The San Diego Chargers had the number one selection but traded the rights to the first overall choice to the Atlanta Falcons a day before the draft , for which they received the Falcons ' first round pick ( 5th overall ) and third round pick in 2001 .
A significant prehistoric Neolithic culture marked by Megalithic structures , which date back to c. 3600 BC , existed on the islands , as evidenced by the temples of Mnajdra , Ggantija and others .
The series aired on the premium cable network HBO from March 21 , 2004 , to August 27 , 2006 , spanning three 12-episode seasons .
The band is most famous for being Tre Cool 's first band before joining Green Day .
Allal el Fassi : Aljawab assahih wannass-hi al-khaliss ` an nazilati fas wama yata'allaqo bimabda-i acchouhouri al-islamiyati al-arabiyah , '' ... and the beginning of Islamic Arab months '' , report prepared at the request of King Hassan II of Morocco , Rabat , 1965 ( 36 p. ) , with no indication of editor .
Camp Zama is a United States Army post located in the cities of Zama and Sagamihara , in Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan , about 40 k southwest of Tokyo .
It is the headquarters of the Mysore district and the Mysore division and lies about southwest of Bangalore , the capital of Karnataka .
The lighting end of a match is known as the match '' head '' and , depending on type , either contains phosphorus or phosphorus sesquisulfide as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder .
Over 2.5 million copies have been sold in the US as certified by the RIAA .
Rhode Island borders Connecticut to the west and Massachusetts to the north and east , and it shares a water boundary with New York 's Long Island to the southwest .
The viola d'amore ( Italian : love viol ) is a 7 - or 6-stringed musical instrument with sympathetic strings used chiefly in the baroque period .
In the 1960s , Japan , however , re-emerged as a modern industrialized nation and started extending Yen loan assistance to Pakistan.Japan-Pakistan Relations The Japanese assistance was doubled to Pakistan following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
Following his graduation , Yunus joined the Bureau of Economics as a research assistant to the economical researches of Professor Nurul Islam and Rehman Sobhan .
In 1818 Hume went on a journey with James Meehan , the deputy surveyor-general , and Charles Throsby during which Lake Bathurst and the Goulburn Plains were discovered .
Gottfried Silbermann ( January 14 , 1683-August 4 , 1753 ) was an influential German constructor of keyboard instruments .
IOC Recognition In 1999 , FIDE was recognised by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
Palindromic rheumatism has been theorized to be a form of rheumatoid arthritis .
The Jurassic Coast is a World Heritage Site on the English Channel coast of southern England .
The Lone Gunmen was a television show created by Chris Carter and broadcast on FOX .
On 14 November 1913 , Tagore learned that he had won the 1913 Nobel Prize in Literature .
Annual rainfall is approximately 1100 m and in a normal year there are two distinct rainy seasons : '' the long rains '' , which fall during April and May , and '' the short rains '' , which fall during October and November .
Google announced the operating system on July 7 , 2009 and made it an open source project , called Chromium OS , that November .
Prosauropod digits II and III were of subequal length , with small , slightly recurved ungual phalanges ; digits IV and V were reduced , and lacked ungual phalanges .
Until 21 Lutetia was visited in 2010 , it was the largest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft and the first C-type asteroid to be explored .
Some type of connection between the Indus Valley seals and later yoga and meditation practices is speculated upon by many scholars , though there is no conclusive evidence .
Meanwhile at Redwall Abbey , two stoats run off with the Sword of Martin the Warrior after accidentally killing Brother Hal with a bow and arrow lying out from a carnival the night before , and young Samkim , a mischievous squirrel , and his partner Arula the molemaid set off to claim back the sword .
Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato is the main cause of Lyme disease in the United States , whereas Borrelia afzelii and Borrelia garinii cause most European cases .
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 The ailment manifests itself in the form of red blisters and is transmitted by touch from infected animals to humans .
The principal components of the milk are fucosyllactose and saialyllactose ; it is high in iron content , giving it a pink colour .
The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight when the south circuit is in use , and joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn .
They all appeared in the Late Triassic period .
Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Part of the blockbuster X-Men Origins : Wolverine was filmed there in 2008 .
Gary Glitter is the stage name of Paul Francis Gadd ( born 8 May 1944 ) , an English glam rock singer and songwriter .
For instance , when John Smith and Mary Jones marry each other , they may become known as John Smith-Jones and Mary Smith-Jones .
Louella Parsons wrote in her newspaper column that Monroe was '' a very sick girl , much sicker than at first believed '' , and disclosed that she was being treated by a psychiatrist .
Plate tectonics ( from the Late Latin tectonicus , from the '' pertaining to building '' ) ( Little et al. , 1990
If you find that another user has vandalized Wikipedia you should revert these changes ; you may also warn the user ( see below for specific instructions ) .
The head of government of each state is called the Premier , appointed by the state 's Governor .
David Moore , Robin Beck , and Christopher Rodning , '' In Search of Fort San Juan : Sixteenth Century Spanish and Native Interaction in the North Carolina Piedmont '' , Warren Wilson College Archaeology Home Page , 2004 , accessed 26 Jun 2008 However the following year the Indians killed the Spanish and burned the fort .
There is also rumor that Nyx gave birth to her reincarnation , a son whose name would also be Nyx .
Maillezais is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Daniel J. Faulkner ( December 21 , 1955 -- December 9 , 1981 ) was a police officer in the American city of Philadelphia who was shot and killed in the line of duty . Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of first-degree murder for the shooting and sentenced to death .
JBL earned his championship match against Cena after winning a Fatal Four-Way Elimination match -- a standard match in which the last remaining competitor who has not been eliminated is declared the winner -- on the December 29 , 2008 episode of Raw by defeating Chris Jericho , Randy Orton , and Shawn Michaels .
SARE can also mean Sustainable agriculture research and education , a part of the USDA that promotes sustainable agriculture .
AO was first envisioned by Horace W. Babcock in 1953 , but it did not come into common usage until advances in computer technology during the 1990s made the technique practical .
Iwao Takamoto ( April 29 , 1925 & ndash ; January 8 , 2007 ) was a Japanese-American animator , television producer , and film director .
The series was expanded from 30 minutes to 45 minutes in 1976 , and then to a full hour on November 7 , 1977 .
said that passport may signify either a permission to pass through a portus or gate , but noted that an earlier work had contained information that a traveling warrant , a permission or license to pass through the whole dominions of any prince , was originally called a pass par teut .
In 1998 , Hasbro copyrighted its instructions for the Bop It Extreme , describing the underlying patents as '' pending .
These were the Werribee , Williamstown , Sydenham , Broadmeadows ( now Cragieburn ) , Upfield , Pakenham , Cranbourne , Frankston , Sandringham and Stony Point lines , in addition to maintaining the three underground City Loop stations .
The very name of each Dalai Lama from the Second Dalai Lama onwards had the word Gyatso ( in it ) , which means '' ocean '' in Tibetan .
The international language Esperanto , common language for Africa , common language for the world , translated from Esperanto to English by John Christopher Wells , Rotterdam : UEA , 1962 , 11 pages .
Pseudostratified columnar spongy urethra ( or penile urethra ) Runs along the length of the penis on its ventral ( underneath ) surface .
Page explains Abi is pronounced just like '' Abby '' It runs on Linux , Microsoft Windows , ReactOS , Solaris , AmigaOS 4.0 ( through its Cygnix X11 engine ) , and other operating systems .
The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout ; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 mm .
Throughout history the name of the village has undergone many variations ranging from Mossovych , Mosocz , Mossowecz , villa regia Mayos alio nomine Mossovych , oppidioum Mayus sue Mosocz , Mosocz olim Mayus to the present-day Mo ovce .
Billy Talent ( formerly known as Pezz ) is a Juno award-winning Canadian band formed in 1993 in Mississauga , Ontario .
The first variable star was identified in 1638 when Johannes Holwarda noticed that Omicron Ceti ( later named Mira ) pulsated in a cycle taking 11 months ; the star had previously been described as a nova by David Fabricius in 1596 .
It was the second-deadliest quake in recorded history in Taiwan , after the 1935 Hsinchu-Taichung earthquake .
The Hardy -- Weinberg principle ( also known by a variety of names : HWP , Hardy -- Weinberg equilibrium , Hardy -- Weinberg Theorem , HWE , or Hardy -- Weinberg law ) states that both allele and genotype frequencies in a population remain constant -- that is , they are in equilibrium -- from generation to generation unless specific disturbing influences are introduced .
As the number of cars entered in the world championship fell below 26 , a situation arose in which any car entered would automatically qualify for the race , no matter how slowly it had been driven .
Marion Bartoli ( born October 2 , 1984 ) is a French professional tennis player and the current French No. 1 .
The album also won the 2003 Swedish Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance .
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality .
Gavialidae consists of only one surviving species , the gharial ( Gavialis gangeticus ) , which is native to India .
The smaller islands in the vicinity of these four major islands are sometimes also treated as part of the group .
The exhibition showed various complicated social and economical trends . By using charts which were to be intuitive and interesting the attempt was to make those concepts easy to grasp .
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Toa Payoh Town Garden was subsequently renamed as Toa Payoh Town Park .
The region of Tamil Nadu in modern India has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times , and the history of Tamil Nadu and the civilization of the Tamil people are among the oldest in the world .
Other websites Official site Travelling Bairn Falkirk BBC My Club page One F in Falkirk Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Falkirk , playing in the Scottish Premier League .
It is adjacent to Blackfriars Bridge at the junction of New Bridge Street and Queen Victoria Street and is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
After Hertz 's official retirement in 1930 , the orchestra was led by two conductors , Basil Cameron and Issay Dobrowen .
Dutch clippers were built beginning in 1850s for the tea trade and passenger service to Java .
Wolfenschiessen is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
C. elegans has two sexes : hermaphrodites and males .
The Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Ottoman Empire broke up after the First World War , the Russian Empire became the Soviet Union , after the long Russian Civil War .
Ferruccio ( Dante Michelangelo Benvenuto ) Busoni ( April 1 , 1866 & ndash ; July 27 , 1924 ) was an Italian composer , pianist , editor , writer , piano and composition teacher , and conductor .
Additionally , Utada is also credited for two theme song contributions to Square Enix 's Kingdom Hearts video game series : '' Simple and Clean '' and '' Sanctuary '' .
The Incheon International Airport Railroad link to Gimpo International Airport ( and Seoul Subway Line 5 , Line 9 ) opened on 23 March 2007 , with a further extension to Seoul Station due for completion in 2010 .
A shorthand definition of niche is how an organism makes a living .
Ruling house of Verona Prince Escalus is the ruling Prince of Verona Count Paris is a kinsman of Escalus who wishes to marry Juliet .
Anthrax was formed in mid-1981 by guitarists Scott Ian and Danny Lilker .
The SPL has been home to many notable events .
Goldberg-Mildenitz Diestelow Dobbertin Goldberg1 , 2 Mestlin Neu Poserin Techentin Wendisch Waren 5 .
The town was divided into 300 lots for future houses and its inhabitants were granted civil rights and exempted from taxes for seven years .
The Dionne quintuplets ( born May 28 , 1934 ) are the first quintuplets known to survive their infancy .
On June 15 , 2004 , the Commission of Finance and Budget in the Belgian Federal Parliament approved a bill implementing a Spahn tax .
She was shot through the head at point-blank range , and her medical condition was initially described as '' critical '' .
The number of or persons among Jesus ' disciples ( as opposed to just followers ) is not always given in the gospel accounts .
September 30 & ndash ; The inhabitants of Trieste ( now in northern Italy ) donate their city to Duke Leopold III of Austria .
Grimaldi , D (/O1997/O) : A fossil mantis ( Insecta : Mantoidea ) in Cretaceous amber of New Jersey , with coments on early history of Dictyoptera .
Birmingham was granted city status in 1889 by Queen Victoria .
However , the film won an award from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) for best feature film with lesbian content .
North American pancakes can be made sweet or savory by adding ingredients such as blueberries , strawberries , cheese , bacon , bananas , apples or chocolate chips to the batter .
Cromwell is a city in Union County , Iowa , United States .
Bouresches is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
For example , in sound recording , fluctuations in air pressure ( that is to say , sound ) strike the diaphragm of a microphone which induces corresponding fluctuations in the current produced by a coil in an electromagnetic microphone , or the voltage produced by a condensor microphone .
The 1971 Formula One season included the 22nd FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on March 6 , 1971 , and ended on October 3 after eleven races .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 15 Curse tablets also included hair or pieces of clothing .
Accompanying the cathedral 's large bell , Great Tom of Lincoln , is a quarter-hour striking clock .
Indian English or South-Asian English comprises several dialects or varieties of English spoken primarily in the Indian subcontinent .
It has been estimated that well over 10,000 may exist on continental slopes and abyssal plains .
In 1953 , France received a request from the United Nations to pick a coat of arms that would represent it internationally .
Celles-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
For example , soybean products such as textured vegetable protein ( TVP ) are important ingredients in many meat and dairy analogs .
Career Her career began in 1998 , when she was offered to appear in a TV commercial advertising lemon tea .
St. Sylvester I ( 314 335 ) : 21 years , 11 months and 1 day ( 8,005 days ) .
May 30 & ndash ; Hussite Wars & ndash ; Battle of Lipany : The Catholics and Ultraquists defeat the Taborites , ending the Hussite Wars .
Tribes Most of the people of Nagri totial are from the Totialian branch of the Dhond Abbasi tribe .
Limerick , Ireland
In 1993 the three parts were merged together to form the current district .
The equivalent of this kind of '' tutor '' in the United States of America ( U.S. ) and the rest of Canada is known as a teaching assistant .
Acquaintance -- Becoming acquainted depends on previous relationships , physical proximity , first impressions , and a variety of other factors .
Her most recent feature film role was that of the mother of Judy ( Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romantic comedy , The Sweetest Thing .
Citrus is a common term and genus of flowering plants in the family Rutaceae , originating in tropical and subtropical southeast regions of the world .
Walk This Way is the major label debut of the band The White Tie Affair .
A weak low pressure area developed on July 15 near Tallahassee , which moved southeastward into the Gulf of Mexico .
Beautiran is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
This was followed by the Gandhara style of Buddhist architecture that borrowed elements from the Ancient Greece .
The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver .
Cuttlefish have an internal shell ( the cuttlebone ) , large W-shaped pupils , and eight arms and two tentacles furnished with denticulated suckers , with which they secure their prey .
They married around 1808 , and according to court records , they had nine children together : Linah , born in 1808 , Mariah Ritty in 1811 , Soph in 1813 , Robert in 1816 , Minty ( Harriet ) in 1822 , Ben in 1823 , Rachel in 1825 , Henry in 1830 , and Moses in 1832 .
Plante first retired in 1965 , but was persuaded to return to the NHL to play for the expansion St. Louis Blues in 1968 .
The settlements are Puerto Harris , Puerto San Antonio and Puerto Almeida .
With more than 60 booksellers , millions of books and 15,000 visitors , it has become the largest collection of books in any regional center of Australia and the major Victorian regional book event .
The three-point line is 20 feet and 6.25 inches ( 6.25 m ) from the middle of the basket in WNBA and FIBA competition .
In the wake of the coup , Britain and the U.S. selected Fazlollah Zahedi to be the next prime minister of a military government , and Shah Pahlevi made the appointment but dismissed him two years later .
Jon Dalton has claimed that he also turned down an offer to appear , and Jenna Morasca , winner of Survivor : The Amazon stated that her fellow tribemate Heidi Strobel had also turned down the offer to appear on the show .
Suicide ( Latin suicidium , from sui caedere , to kill oneself ) is the intentional taking of one 's own life .
Bilan represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with '' Never Let You Go '' , finishing second , and he won the contest in 2008 , with the song '' Believe '' .
It also spawned another Top 10 hit single with the release of '' Smokers Outside the Hospital Doors '' .
After graduating from gymnasium in Lwow in 1886 , he enrolled in the Law Department at the University of Vienna , starting simultaneously law studies at Institut Catholique in Lille .
Cheadle was born in Kansas City , Missouri , the son of Bettye ( née North ) , a bank manager and psychology teacher , and Donald Frank Cheadle , Sr. , a clinical psychologist .
Dainelli played once for Italy U21 team , on 16 April , 2002 .
John Fitzgerald '' Jack '' Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 - November 22 , 1963 ) , often referred to by his initials JFK , was the 35th President of the United States , serving from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
Quaid had starring roles in the films Enemy Mine (/O1985/O) and Innerspace (/O1987/O) .
Nurul Amin ( , , July 15 , 1893 - October 2 , 1974 ) was a prominent Bengali leader of the Pakistan 's Muslim League , and served as Chief Minister of East Pakistan and both Prime Minister and Vice President of Pakistan .
The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
According to producer Owen Morris , the song was completed in 6 - 8 hours .
European avalanche size table Avalanche size : Size Runout Potential Damage Physical Size 1 - Sluff Small snow slide that can not bury a person , though there is a danger of falling .
They left the coalition and arguably caused its collapse on November 23 , 1923 .
In December 2009 , the European Union and United States both issued formal appeals calling for the unconditional release of Liu Xiaobo .
Rions is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 The ailment manifests itself in the form of red blisters and is transmitted by touch from infected animals to humans .
Fruitland Park is located at .
The major denominations include Shaivism , Shaktism , Vaishnavism , Smartism and Halumatha .
Many states may only recognize another state if it is to their advantage .
October 1 -- Charles VI , Holy Roman Emperor ( d. 1740 )
Today the role of Lieutenant Governor is essentially ceremonial , although certain powers under Isle of Man legislation do still fall to the Governor or Governor-in-Council ( a decision on the advice , and with the approval of , the Council of Ministers ) .
Leimbach is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The British withdrew from Bahrain on 16 December 1971 , making Bahrain an independent emirate .
Daft Punk returned to the studio in May 1995 to record '' Da Funk '' .
Oxford University Press , USA , 2006 .
They are concentrated in the Dutch provinces of Friesland and Groningen and , in Germany , East Frisia and North FrisiaInterfriesischer Rat \/O/ Ynterfryske Rie - Start .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 29,753 .
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England .
Mill believed that there can be different levels of pleasure - higher quality pleasure is better than lower quality pleasure .
On February 13 , 1967 , at 4:30 pm , Forough died in a car accident at age thirty-two .
For its first 14 years the company was privately owned by its founders , Bob and Harvey Weinstein .
The center was founded in 2001 by The Institute of History and Area Studies at the University of Aarhus and The Old Town , National Open Air Museum of Urban History and Culture .
Although there are several uses for a JavaScript engine , it is most commonly used in web browsers .
Platform screen doors are installed at all underground stations , with half-height platform screen doors currently being built at all aboveground stations .
Most litters are of one or two young , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days , and first emerge from the nest about three weeks after that .
During a retrospective of Serrano 's work at the National Gallery of Victoria in 1997 , the then Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne , George Pell , sought an injunction from the Supreme Court of Victoria to restrain the National Gallery of Victoria from publicly displaying Piss Christ , which was not granted .
Euler was born on April 15 , 1707 , in Basel to Paul Euler , a pastor of the Reformed Church .
By September 14 , 2008 the album was still charting strongly in the UK , dipping in and out of the top 10 for many weeks .
It Is Well With My Soul
El Reno is a city in Canadian County , Oklahoma , United States , in the central part of the state .
Liljeberg 's mother was relatively young when Rebecka was born , and Liljeberg 's parents divorced when she was one year old .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win .
La Graverie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The name is from the ancient Greek word galaxias ( ) , literally meaning '' milky '' , a reference to the Milky Way galaxy .
Even though Switzerland is one of the most recent countries to have joined the United Nations , Geneva is the second biggest centre for the United Nations after New York , and Switzerland was a founding member of the League of Nations .
The Books of the Bible are listed differently in the canons of Judaism and the Catholic , Protestant , Greek Orthodox , Slavonic Orthodox , Georgian , Armenian Apostolic , Syriac and Ethiopian churches , although there is substantial overlap .
The name Judea is a Greek and Roman adaptation of the name '' Judah '' , which originally encompassed the territory of the Israelite tribe of that name and later of the ancient Kingdom of Judah .
City of London Police .
Cetaceans are the mammals best adapted to aquatic life .
V leni River ( Mure ) - tributary of the Mure River
George Smoot switched to cosmology and began work at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , collaborating with Luis Walter Alvarez on the HAPPE ( High Altitude Particle Physics Experiment ) , a stratospheric weather balloon designed to detect antimatter in Earth 's upper atmosphere , the presence of which was predicted by the now obscure steady state theory of cosmology .
This preserves an old version of the LV- the snapshot- which systems can later reconstruct by overlaying the copy-on-write table atop the current LV .
Other significant sights in Patra are the church of Agios Antreas and the Apollon theater .
The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team based in Chicago , Illinois .
Port Dover Composite School is a public middle and high school located in Port Dover , Ontario , Canada .
It is the federal court of appeals for generally all cases of administrative law , mainly disputes between citizens and the state .
His father was of French origin while his mother , Chiara Torcella , was from Murano .
March 18 -- Ralph Erskine , Scottish minister ( d. 1752 )
The aluminium hydroxide in the lateritic bauxite deposits is almost exclusively gibbsite .
This view was put most powerfully by Friedrich Hayek in The Road to Serfdom as early as 1944 and has since been adopted by others including Mikhael Gorbachev .
It was the first overtime game in NFL history , and is often referred to as the '' greatest game ever played '' .
( born July 5 , 1975 in Yokohama , Japan ) is a Japanese former professional tennis player .
In the Republic of Ireland , lemonade refers to the carbonated , lemon-flavored soft drink ( as in the UK ) but is further sub-divided into white ( clear ) lemonade and red lemonade .
Saint-Aubin-de-Branne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury , KG , GCVO , PC ( 3 February 1830 -- 22 August 1903 ) , known as Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and as Viscount Cranborne from 1865 until 1868 , was a British Conservative statesman and thrice Prime Minister , serving for a total of over 13 years .
She released her debut album Undiscovered in 2006 .
H nen , founder of Japanese Pure Land Buddhism or J do sh .
It is operated by the Research Department of The Broadway League , a trade association for the North American commercial theater community .
Hodgkin 's lymphoma is characterized by the orderly spread of disease from one lymph node group to another and by the development of systemic symptoms with advanced disease .
Both characters made their first appearance in El Gato Negro # 1 ( October 1993 ) .
French and Commonwealth troops would also call British soldiers '' Tommies '' .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD , in French : Organisation de coopération et de développement économiques , OCDE ) is an international economic organization of 33 countries .
The attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on December 7 , 1941 , brought the United States into World War II .
Hidden Mass in the Asteroid Belt , Icarus , Vol .
The Waffen-SS , the combat branch of the SS ( the Nazi Party 's paramilitary organization ) , became the de facto fourth branch of the Wehrmacht , as it expanded from three regiments to 38 divisions by 1945 .
Initially , their proof was not accepted by all mathematicians because the computer-assisted proof was infeasible for a human to check by hand .
The most prominent surface feature is an enormous crater 460 k in diameter centered near the south pole .
When she was caught taking a book before her mother read it , Olga would jokingly tell her mother that Alexandra must wait to read the novel until Olga had determined whether it was an appropriate book for her to read .
Often teen idols are actors or pop singers , but some sports figures have an appeal to teenagers .
Libbie Hyman named them Rhynchocoela , a name used primarily in North America but gradually abandoned since the 1980s .
Additionally , 9 people are listed as missing , after the catastrophic flash flood struck Toowoomba , Lockyer Valley , Brisbane and Ipswich .
As the result of the electoral alliance , the Co-operative Party has not registered a logo with the electoral commission for use on ballot papers , as candidates use the more recognisable Labour Party '' rose '' logo .
The three dimensions are commonly called length , width , and depth ( or height ) , although any three mutually perpendicular directions can serve as the three dimensions .
Combined , he is the second longest-serving defense secretary after Robert McNamara .
There were a number of such missions in the program , but the most notable were Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 , which explored the outer planets and left the solar system .
The most common mascot symbol for the party is the donkey .
The St. Helens May 18 eruption released 24 megatons of thermal energy ; it ejected more than 0.67 m of material .
External links Free Culinary School Podcast Episode 4 A podcast episode that talks about the classical technique and science behind making risotto .
Rembrandt worked to have her committed for twelve years to an asylum or poorhouse ( called a '' bridewell '' ) at Gouda , after learning Geertje had pawned jewelry that had once belonged to Saskia , and which Rembrandt had given her .
Measuring around 48 cm ( 19 in ) in length , it is mostly olive-green and has a large narrow curved grey-brown upper beak .
Located on the northwest coast of Java , it has an area of and a population of 8,489,910 .
Some users do n't even realize how the extra revisions pile-up , expanding as a long list under the History tab of past revisions .
It is a parody of '' MacArthur Park '' by Jimmy Webb ( as performed by Richard Harris ) , and is written as a humorous take on the film of the same name .
In any given year , there can be a maximum of four players , two builders , and one referee or linesman .
Another direct-to-video sequel , Aladdin and the King of Thieves , followed in 1996 .
Goodluck Ebele Azikiwe Jonathan , GCFR , GCON ( born 20 November 1957 ) is the 14th and current President of Nigeria .
Today , the scale has been replaced by the Celsius scale in most countries ; it is still in use for non-scientific purposes in the United States and a few other nations , such as Belize .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
Black often gains counterattacking possibilities on the queenside while White tends to concentrate on the kingside .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Routledge .
A permanent anchor is often called a mooring , and is rarely moved ; it is quite possible the vessel can not hoist it aboard but must hire a service to move or maintain it .
Released on June 8 , 2004 through Reprise Records , it was produced by Howard Benson .
Cooks select and combine ingredients using a wide range of tools and methods .
La Suze-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Le Mesnil-Mauger is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The engine is a 6-cylinder Renault turbodiesel engine with a displacement of 9,834 cc available with either or .
Sir Joseph John '' J. J. '' Thomson , OM , FRS ( 18 December 1856 30 August 1940 ) was a British physicist and Nobel laureate , credited for the discovery of the electron and of isotopes , and the invention of the mass spectrometer .
The eye is an organ that is developed for the purpose of sensing light .
The Priory of St Mary 's is founded in Bushmead .
From 1969-1972 , he did postdoctoral work at Carleton University in Ottawa , Canada .
The territory consists of the main island of Tristan da Cunha itself , which measures about 11.27 k across and has an area of 98 k , along with the uninhabited Nightingale Islands and the wildlife reserves of Inaccessible Island and Gough Island .
Railroads , such as the Lehigh Valley Railroad , were vital to the movement of raw materials and finished goods , and employed a significant workforce during this time .
The first single could be a radio promotion that ends up being part of an EPK .
In the film , Dorothy acquires the slippers after her house falls on and kills the Wicked Witch of the East , freeing the Munchkins from the Witch 's tyranny .
The playground on North Jefferson Street was formerly the Kittanning Cemetery ; 274 graves were moved in 1960 to a new cemetery along Troy Hill Road .
The name means '' battle of a man '' , from ( andros ) '' of a man '' and ( mach ) '' battle '' .
World of Warcraft has inspired two board games : World of Warcraft : The Board Game ( including Shadow of War and The Burning Crusade expansions ) and World of Warcraft : The Adventure Game , produced by Fantasy Flight Games .
Yoshihiro Tajiri , is a Japanese professional wrestler , perhaps best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Entertainment .
He was the top scorer and thus the Golden Boot winner at the 2006 World Cup in Germany , with five goals .
Each player starts with two knights , which start on the rank closest to the player .
As of 2009 these are the only known Fermat primes .
Norman Graham Hill ( 15 February 1929 - 29 November 1975 ) was a British racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion .
Yves Chauvin ( born October 10 , 1930 ) is a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate .
A monument to Ben Hall , on the site of Robinson 's inn , the Travellers ' Rest , was erected in 1951 , but evidently further research has indicated that the events recorded here happened at the inn on the other side of the river .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , also known as the Wales Trophy , is an award presented by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) to the Eastern Conference ( formerly the Wales Conference ) playoff champions , prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup .
Curium readily oxidizes , and its oxides are a dominant form of this element .
The compound perbromic acid is the inorganic compound with the formula HBrO4 .
He was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for an outbreak of bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor .
One day , when the pianist failed to arrive by show time , Basie took his place .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
Under the agreement , Tsinghua will develop the programme that under ACCA 's syllabus for enabling China 's accounting students to join the ACCA professional exam scheme at a higher level .
Oats are also an ingredient in many cold cereals , in particular muesli and granola .
President William Howard Taft built the West Wing 's first Oval Office .
The tesseract is one of the six convex regular 4-polytopes .
Jefferson designed his home Monticello near Charlottesville , Virginia .
Her triumph was short-lived .
It is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments , and the only one still played on the game 's original surface , grass , which gave the game of lawn tennis its name .
As of 2007 , 60.7 % of Utahns are counted as members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , although only 41.6 % of them are active members .
Their body is fusiform ( spindle-shaped ) .
Petrie and Ducky rejoin their families , and Ducky 's family adopts Spike .
The city changed hands several times .
When Crossrail is built , the Farringdon Eastern Ticket Hall will be just to the west of Barbican station , and there will be an interchange built here .
The station opened on January 22 , 1983 .
The story starts in medias res , in the middle of the event .
Vera Menchik ( ; ) ( 16 February 1906 -- 27 June 1944 ) was a British-Czech chess player who gained renown as the world 's first women 's chess champion .
On occasion the Federal Constitutional Court has thus overturned judgments of the other federal courts .
Jeffrey Ross Lifschultz ( born September 13 , 1965 ) , best known as Jeffrey Ross , is an American stand-up comedian , insult comic , actor , director and author .
The Quokka recycles a small amount of its waste products .
As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name , it is in most regions pronounced '' shur '' , or sometimes , a homophone of '' sheer '' .
How can one plan for a secure financial future in an environment of economic instability ?
Life Early life Born on October 20 , 1819 , in Shiraz to a middle-class merchant of the city .
The first permanent stand , a wooden structure known affectionately as the '' Chicken Run '' , was built on the Portman Road side of the ground in 1906 .
Palak is located in the South eastern edge of Abbottabad district ( and hence also the south eastern tip of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa ) .
The story is a favorite of Kipling fans and is notable for its frightening and serious tone .
As Lepidoptera , butterflies have four wings that are covered with tiny scales ( see photo ) .
Frederick William II ( ; 25 September 1744 -- 16 November 1797 ) was the King of Prussia , reigning from 1786 until his death .
She was married at the age of 19 , on 10 May 1612 , to Prince Khurram , who would later ascend the Peacock Throne as Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan I/O. She was his third wife , and became his favorite .
A Scottish merchant seaman named Captain John Clunies-Ross , who had also served under Raffles in the takeover , set up a compound and Hare 's severely mistreated slaves soon escaped to work under better conditions for Clunies-Ross .
Circular knitting is employed to create pieces that are circular or tube-shaped , such as hats , socks , mittens , and sleeves .
Hauser 's claims , and his subsequent death by stabbing , sparked much debate and controversy .
July 4 -- Battle of Hattin : Saladin defeats Guy of Lusignan , King of Jerusalem .
The median of a finite list of numbers can be found by arranging all the observations from lowest value to highest value and picking the middle one .
In the middle of the spectrum is the mincemeat Christmas cake , which is simply any traditional or vegetarian mincemeat mixed with flour , eggs , etc. , to transform it into a cake batter ; or it can also be steamed as a Christmas pudding .
Calc is capable of opening and saving most spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel file format .
The territory of Hunza is about .
Périers - en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1908 , new colors were chosen as red and yellow .
The virus is found in Europe , and mainly in the UK .
In 2010 , he won three races in a row on the way to winning the championship .
On 14 October 1931 , Pretoria achieved official city status .
A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels .
Fielding appeared as a regular alongside Fred Dineage and Toyah Willcox on a property-pricing based game-show called Under Offer made for Meridian Television .
Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica , located on the southeastern coast of the island .
Sérusier 's ideas regarding the coherence between music and painting gave rise to her theory of vibrism , which is a middle course between the Synthetic Cubism of the pre-war period and Larionov and Goncharova 's Rayonism .
The sculptors often competed at creating the finest sculpture .
Then Aida appears and , when Radames sees her , Amneris notices that he looks disturbed .
Baylor 's men 's sports teams are nicknamed the Bears , and the women 's teams are nicknamed the Lady Bears .
Saint-Bois is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
At that time , the volt was defined as the potential difference ( i.e. , what is nowadays called the '' voltage ( difference ) '' ) across a conductor when a current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power .
Aberdeenshire borders [ [ Angus ] ] and [ [ Perth and Kinross ] ] to the south , and [ [ Highland ( council area ) | Highland ] ] and [ [ Moray ] ] to the west .
Of the some $ 13 billion allotted by mid-1951 , $ 3.4 billion had been spent on imports of raw materials and semi-manufactured products ; $ 3.2 billion on food , feed , and fertilizer ; $ 1.9 billion on machines , vehicles , and equipment ; and $ 1.6 billion on fuel .
Lensky becomes extremely jealous .
Prior to his election as mayor , Villaraigosa was the California State Assemblyman for the 45th District , the Speaker of the California State Assembly , and the Los Angeles City Councilman representing the 14th District .
The tracks are : '' And the Healing Has Begun '' , '' It 's All in the Game '' and '' You Know What They 're Writing About '' .
He was born in 1910 in Boston where his father , Thorvald Martin Tandberg I ( 1874 -- 1970 ) , managed a restaurant .
Unione Sportiva Sassuolo Calcio is an Italian association football club , based in Sassuolo , Emilia-Romagna .
Building on the success of MSN 's web-based e-mail service , Hotmail , which was acquired by Microsoft in December 1997 , the MSN Messenger Service for instant messaging was launched in 1999 .
Most organs will heal using a mixture of both mechanisms .
Maharashtra ( Marathi : ' , ) is a state located in India .
July -- Coloman begins to establish himself as King of Hungary , following the death of his father .
Bennington and Mike Shinoda , the band 's other vocalist , made significant progress together , but failed to find a record deal .
Marcus Julius Bassus , Roman consul , whose tomb is near Joyeuse
He was ranked # 1 in the world from April 2006 to January 2007 , during which his Elo rating was 2813 , which had been surpassed only by Garry Kasparov , and subsequently by Magnus Carlsen and Anand .
The USA claimed Funafuti from some unknown time in the 1800s until a treaty of friendship was concluded in 1979 , coming into effect in 1983 .
She also started her own company , Make Music , during this sabbatical .
As well as the standard concerto repertoire , Bell has performed new works -- Nicholas Maw 's violin concerto is dedicated to him , the recording of which won Bell a Grammy and gave the world premiere of the work in 1993 .
Ernest '' Ernie '' Arthur Coombs , CM ( November 26 , 1927 & ndash ; September 18 , 2001 ) was a children 's entertainer , best known for the long-running Canadian television series Mr. Dressup .
Beetles are the group of insects with the largest number of known species .
His first great success as a writer came when his humorous tall tale , '' The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' , was published in the New York Saturday Press on November 18 , 1865 .
English pancakes have three key ingredients : plain flour , eggs , and milk .
Today 's hall is the third to bear this name ; like the second , it is noted for its fine acoustics .
Western Conference (/O1960/O)
Instead of trying to sail in between the two , Clarisse goes for Charybdis , and Tyson appears to die in Clarisse 's ship after it sinks from a blow .
Many Pacer railbuses are still in use today .
Founded in the 7th century , reorganised in the 10th century and rebuilt in the 12th and 16th centuries , it is one of the largest examples of Perpendicular Gothic architecture in the West Country .
A collection of b-sides and unreleased tracks recorded between 1984 and 1993 , called Retro Active , was released in October 1993 , preceded by the success of '' Two Steps Behind '' ( from the Arnold Schwarzenegger film Last Action Hero ) .
Central shutters usually use either the simple leaf mechanism or the diaphragm mechanism .
Many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish .
The dinar is the official currency of several countries .
Marizy-Saint-Mard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
; Credit card and expense issues In June 2010 , Brown came under media attention for matters relating to his spending on his council credit card and other council expense claims , which included items of a personal nature like toys , groceries and insect repellant .
Add the template to the '' external links '' section of the article to create a link to the Worldcat page associated with the article 's title .
The next day , the remaining players were merged under the tribe name Chaboga Mogo ( a combination of the former tribe names Chapera , Saboga , and Mogo Mogo ) and Rob found it necessary to vote off Lex , much to the anger of the latter for breaking the deal .
The Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) is the core routing protocol of the Internet .
Arulpragasam graduated from London 's Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design , with a degree in fine art , film , and video .
Allende 's socialist beliefs and friendship with Cuban president Fidel Castro made him deeply unpopular within the administrations of successive U.S. presidents , from John F. Kennedy to Richard Nixon ; they believed there was a danger of Chile becoming a communist state and joining the Soviet Union 's sphere of influence .
One of Australia 's best-known poets , A.B. ` Banjo ' Paterson arrived in the district in 1871 aged 7 , passed his childhood in the district and later bought a property in the Wee Jasper area so that his children could experience country life .
The local population largely rejected the supposed elitism of its professoriate , favoring teaching of ` useful ' subjects like law , over those they deemed ` useless ' in the city 's context , like classics .
Gerrots is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Iowa Falls is the home of Ellsworth Community College .
President Truman called her the '' First Lady of the World '' in tribute to her human rights achievements .
Law and government Brunswick County is a member of the regional Cape Fear Council of Governments .
The flag of the state of Colorado consists of three horizontal stripes of equal width ; the top and bottom stripes are blue , and the middle stripe white .
It is split into four parts :
It has content about the Basque , German , Leonese , Luxemburgian , and Ukrainian languages , being also written in English , Spanish and Italian .
His time at college changed his life : '' It changed what I believe and what I think about everything .
China , responding to the international calls prior to the verdict , stated that other nations should '' respect China 's judicial sovereignty and to not do things that will interfere in China 's internal affairs . ''
English and French are the official languages .
Homann was involved in a controversy in 1997 when he gave an interview to Der Spiegel in which he suggested that Horst Mahler had '' sentenced '' Homann to death in Jordan in 1970 ( and Homann only thwarted the plan by leaving the training camp early ) .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 15,524 . .
Persian limes are commercialized primarily in six sizes , known as 110 's , 150 's , 175 's , 200 's , 230 's and 250 's .
The municipality comprises the towns of Alveringem proper , Beveren a\/d Yzer , Gijverinkhove , Hoogstade , Izenberge , Leisele , Oeren , Sint-Rijkers and Stavele .
Several months after their first performance Red Hot Chili Peppers was noticed by EMI and signed with the record label .
These include : anthropology , archaeology , economics , geography , history , linguistics , political science , international studies , communications , and , in some contexts , Verheggen et al .
His works are also found in dozens of museums throughout Russia and the former Soviet republics , including the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg , and the Aivazovsky Art Gallery in Feodosiya , Ukraine .
It is the largest territory of Antarctica claimed by any nation .
Its stated goal is to become a powerful graphics tool while being fully compliant with the XML , SVG , and CSS standards .
The community aspect of BookCrossing.com has grown and expanded in ways that were not expected at the outset , in the form of blog or forum discussions , mailing lists and annual conventions throughout the world .
Yamaraj rides a black buffalo and carries a rope lasso to carry the soul back to his abode , called '' Yamalok '' ( the world of Yama - or the Underworld of the dead ) .
It drains most of the canton , flowing from the northwest through the Bedretto valley and the Leventina valley to enter Lake Maggiore near Locarno .
If Shastina were a separate mountain , it would rank as the fourth-highest peak of the Cascade Range ( after Mt. Rainier , Rainier 's Liberty Cap , and Mt. Shasta itself ) .
Originally founded as an imprint of Fueled by Ramen , it is now an independent record label owned by Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy and partners .
One of rock music 's most successful acts , the group have sold over 200 million albums worldwide , including 74.5 million albums in the United States alone .
The term '' eusocial '' was introduced in 1966 by Suzanne BatraBatra , S. W. T. 1966 : Nests and social behavior of halictine bees of India ( Hymenoptera : Halictidae ) .
Technically , the Latin term fibulae refers specifically to Roman brooches , however , the term is widely used to refer to brooches from the entire ancient and early medieval world that continue Roman forms .
McCammon is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
The term was , however , not much used until V. Gordon Childe popularized it in his book The Dawn of Europe (/O1947/O) .
The Plain English Campaign ( PEC ) is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom .
In flight , the Vulcan was an agile aircraft for its size .
'' With a Little Help from My Friends '' originally titled '' A Little Help from My Friends '' ) is a song written mainly by Paul McCartney , released on The Beatles album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band in 1967 .
A blood type ( also called a blood group ) is a classification of blood based on the presence or absence of inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells ( RBCs ) .
Girlfriend is a term that can refer to either a female partner in a non-marital romantic relationship or a female non-romantic friend that is closer than other friends .
Nicknamed '' St. Patrick '' , Roy split his professional career between the Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League , winning two Stanley Cup championships with each franchise .
Located in Eastern Oklahoma near the modern town of Spiro , it is under the protection of the Oklahoma Historical Society and open to the public .
At the cellular level , the fundamental questions addressed in cellular neuroscience are the mechanisms of how neurons process signals physiologically and electrochemically .
Retrieved March 4 , 2010 .
The city population was 11,169 in 2008 , up from 10,377 in 2000 .
In the months following the storm , Congress appointed a bipartisan committee to investigate the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations prior to its landfall .
Afuma i is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,320 people .
'' The Wife of Bath 's Tale '' ( ) and prologue are among the best-known of Geoffrey Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales .
Wii Sports Resort offers a new variation , Table Tennis ( previously featured in Wii Play ) , where the player has greater control over adding spin to the ball by twisting the Wii Remote while swinging .
Percy confronts Hades , who also believes Percy has stolen his Helm of Darkness , an object that allows him to become a shadow .
The sentence can generally involve a decree of imprisonment , a fine and\/or other punishments against a defendant convicted of a crime .
Typical sources of exposure of electronics to ionizing radiation are the Van Allen radiation belts for satellites , nuclear reactors in power plants for sensors and control circuits , residual radiation from isotopes in chip packaging materials , cosmic radiation for spacecraft and high-altitude aircraft , and nuclear explosions for potentially all military and civilian electronics .
Insects in this family are commonly called tachina flies or simply tachinids .
Marco Materazzi , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI ( born 19 August 1973 ) , is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Serie A club Internazionale .
Since its inception in 1995 , the band has gone through multiple lineup changes , all occurring before the release of its debut album Slipknot , in 1999 .
The Shabbat is on the seventh day of the week which is constant if you stay on the same side of the date line .
During a weather forecast some hours before the storm , Michael Fish started his forecast with the now infamous line '' Earlier on today , apparently , a woman rang the BBC and said she heard there was a hurricane on the way .
In botanical terminology , a single daisy or sunflower for example , is not a flower but a flower head -- an inflorescence composed of numerous tiny flowers ( sometimes called florets ) .
Black hole-like black p-branes are identified with D-branes , which are endpoints for strings , and this identification is called Gauge-gravity duality .
New Orleans Saints ( ) \*
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,332 people , 4,931 households , and 3,535 families residing in the county .
No human skeletons of this age have yet been found .
However , the Disney television animation studio continued extensively using the classic Disney sound effects for several years , while the feature animation studio retired the original sound effects .
Reyrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Shooting for the first feature film made in Hollywood began on December 29 , 1913 .
a name , either the name assigned by the discoverer , or , more commonly , the provisional designation .
Annual celebrations also take place in Hong Kong , entitled Canada D'eh and held on June 30 at Lan Kwai Fong , where an estimated attendance of 12,000 was reported in 2008 ; in Afghanistan , where members of the Canadian Forces mark the holiday at their base ; and in Mexico , at the American Legion in Chapala and the Canadian Club in Ajijic .
International law aspects of the German reunification alternative answers to the German question .
Erich Seligmann Fromm ( March 23 , 1900 -- March 18 , 1980 ) was a German-American Jewish social psychologist , psychoanalyst , humanistic philosopher , and Marxist .
However , for two days every year , through trains were run from London , terminating at North Weald .
Oceans or marine biomes cover 70 % of our planet .
It was named after the Chinese moral philosopher Confucius ( 551 - 479 BCE ) .
He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , which affiliates with the national Democratic Party .
Miani had a substantial population of Hindus and Sikhs , especially Khatri Kukhrans , before the partition of India .
Scouting , also known as the Scout Movement , is a worldwide youth movement with the stated aim of supporting young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , so that they may play constructive roles in society .
The Wrangell Mountains are almost entirely volcanic in origin , and they include the second and third highest volcanoes in the United States , Mount Blackburn and Mount Sanford .
When the original reference beam illuminates the hologram , it is diffracted by the recorded hologram to produce a light field which is identical to the light field which was originally scattered by the object or objects onto the hologram .
This would degrade the proprioceptive sense , but not the kinesthetic sense .
The freeway mainly spans rural areas , and crosses numerous mountain ridges along its route .
About 6,200 people had to be housed in 36 separate shelters , according to the American Red Cross .
Opus Dei is Latin for '' Work of God '' , hence the organization is often referred to by members and supporters as '' the Work '' .
Located in northeastern Spain , the region comprises three provinces from north to south : Huesca , Zaragoza , and Teruel .
It was discovered by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released on June 21 , 2002 .
When free trade was established in Cologne by the French in 1797 , the success of Eau de Cologne prompted countless other businessmen to sell their own fragrances under the name of Eau de Cologne .
Comprising Cuba , Jamaica , Hispaniola ( containing the nations of Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) , and Puerto Rico , the Greater Antilles constitute almost 90 % of the land mass of the entire West Indies .
Raising my cup I beckon the bright moon , For her , with my shadow , will make three people .
In 1943 , during WWII , La Scala was severely damaged by bombing .
City of Palmdale , 1998 ] However , even with the high number of foreclosures , the city remains the fastest growing city in Los Angeles County , and the fastest growing large city in the State of California .
Bloemfontein is located in central South Africa on the southern edge of the Highveld at an elevation of , bordering on the semi-arid region of the Karoo .
It is located on the right bank of Indus River , approximately 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad and 150 kilometres north-east from the provincial capital Karachi .
On user talk pages , the warn tab allows you to leave one of a variety of warning messages on a user 's talk page .
Snorks is an animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions , which ran on NBC from September 15 , 1984 to January 14 , 1989 , and in syndication from 1987 to 1988 .
The Monastery allowed him to join despite his poor health , because they saw his strong desire to become a Redemptorists father .
Can be manipulative , vindictive , mendacious , venal , selfish , obstinate , critical , over-ambitious , ruthless , intolerant , scheming .
Once those tracks were '' bounced , '' the band later added lead vocal , bass , and a three-part backing vocal section .
A zoological garden , zoological park , menagerie , or zoo is a facility in which animals are confined within enclosures , displayed to the public , and in which they may also be bred .
The song was released in June 2000 as the second single off Parachutes , following '' Shiver '' , and the lead single in the United States .
One building in which she plied her trade was The Majestic at 215 West 75th Street , designed by architects Schwartz and Gross and completed in 1924 with hidden stairways and secret doorways .
He collaborated with '' La Nuesa Tierra '' newspaper with more than 200 articles in Leonese language , and with Logos Group where he 's official Leonese language translator .
It was established in 1988 .
He started his career in his hometown Taufkirchen an der Pram as striker .
Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a co-educational high school , with the campus at the site of the former Marist Brothers ' College , on the banks of the Lachlan River .
The Franco-Prussian War or Franco-German War , often referred to in France as the 1870 War ( 19 July 1870 -- 10 May 1871 ) was a conflict between the Second French Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia .
The International Court of Justice ( ; commonly referred to as the World Court or ICJ ) is the primary judicial organ of the United Nations .
The Institute of Welsh Affairs was incorporated on 22 July 1987 ( Company No : 02151006 ) .
Parry resigned his Oxford appointment on doctor 's advice in 1908 and in the last decade of his life produced some of his best-known works , including the Symphonic Fantasia ' 1912 ( also called Symphony No. 5 ) , the Ode on the Nativity ( 1912 ) , Jerusalem ( 1916 ) and the Songs of Farewell ( 1916 -- 1918 ) .
It is arguably the oldest continuous parliament in the world .
Roma - 5.01 %
His birth certificate listed his father as Hans-Gerhardt Fischer , a German biophysicist .
The next year , their only child , Alexandra , was born .
Jack Roosevelt '' Jackie '' Robinson ( January 31 , 1919 - October 24 , 1972 ) was the first black Major League Baseball ( MLB ) player of the modern era .
The Protestants lost this encounter and moved on .
Visitors arrive : Olga 's fiancé Lensky ( tenor ) , a young poet , and his friend Eugene Onegin ( baritone ) , a world-weary St Petersburg ` drawing-room automaton ' ( Nabokov ) .
On 22 May 2005 , as predicted , the SPD received a devastating defeat in its former heartland , North Rhine-Westphalia .
External competitions Students in the school take parts in many external competitions in many fields such as music , sports , debates , writings , mathematics and other academic competitions .
Christian Wilhem Walter Wulff ( ; born 1959 ) is the President of Germany and a politician of the Christian Democratic Union .
June 20 -- Monmouth Rebellion : James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth , illegitimate son of King Charles II of England , Scotland and Ireland declares himself King and heir to his father 's Kingdoms as James II of England and Ireland and James VII of Scotland , after already forming his own army and campaigning against his uncle .
The camp was liberated on April 15 , 1945 by the British 11th Armoured Division .
Gulmet is a popular tourist attraction in Nagar because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi at 7,788 m ( 25,561 ) , and Diran .
Devastated , Niobe fled back to Mount Sipylus and was turned into stone , and , as she wept unceasingly , waters started to pour from her petrified complexion .
His first spaceflight was Gemini 10 , when he and command pilot John W. Young performed two rendezvous with different spacecraft and Collins undertook two EVAs .
Cast may refer to :
He took interest in music at a young age , citing Depeche Mode and Stone Temple Pilots as early inspirations .
At Bragg he trained with Major Phil Young , who was his team leader in the Special Forces , and has participated in several long distance road races , often being enthusiastically greeted by the audiences for his determination .
Favre started at the quarterback position for the University of Southern Mississippi for four years before being selected in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons ( 33rd overall ) .
They return as the officers , professing their love .
In this experiment , bacteria from the III-S strain were killed by heat , and their remains were added to II-R strain bacteria .
Two of the notable characters he has portrayed include boxer Rocky Balboa and soldier John Rambo .
Somers is a city in Calhoun County , Iowa , United States .
Limp Bizkit is an American nu metal band from Jacksonville , Florida .
In this use it has the inverse function of quotation marks , denoting actions where unmarked text is assumed to be dialogue .
It is based primarily in Mexico City and its suburbs , and is dedicated to research and education at high school , undergraduate and postgraduate levels .
Boy with the Blues was released in early July 2009 as an iTunes exclusive EP .
The Soviet Union and Finland sign a peace treaty in Moscow ending the Winter War ; Finns , along with the world at large , are shocked by the harsh terms .
Monkey Business , a successful comedy directed by Howard Hawks starring Cary Grant and Ginger Rogers , was released in September and was the first movie in which Monroe appeared in with platinum blonde hair .
Marvel Publishing , Inc. , commonly referred to as Marvel Comics , is an American company that publishes comic books and related media .
Extrafloral nectaries are common among the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae , and are also found in some Faboideae ( e.g. Vicia sativa ) .
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Transposons are sequences of DNA that can move around to different positions within the genome of a single cell , a process called transposition .
In 1976 , Sayeret Golani were sent to Entebbe in Uganda to rescue 246 Jewish hostages on Air France flight 139 , hijacked by PLO terrorists who boarded during an Athens stopover .
It is located in the Shiwalik belt of the Himalayas , and is in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Al-Shabab ( United Arab Emirates ) won the championship .
Member firms include Google , HTC , Sony Dell , Intel , Motorola , Qualcomm , Texas Instruments , Samsung , LG , T-Mobile , Nvidia , and Wind River Systems .
Sir James Clark Ross ( 15 April 1800 -- 3 April 1862 ) , was a British naval officer and explorer .
Virgin Group Ltd is a branded venture capital organisation founded by British business tycoon Sir Richard Branson .
The German-speaking Community has its own government , which is appointed for five years by its own parliament .
Mockingbird Valley is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
These groupings have since been revised to improve consistency with the Darwinian principle of common descent .
They are a common sight along the Pacific Coast of the United States , particularly in the spring or autumn .
Following the lay off his form was poor , and he failed to defend his victory at the 2010 Milan - San Remo , coming in six minutes down in 89th place .
I Minervia and V Macedonica , under the legates M. Claudius Fronto and P. Martius Verus , served under Statius Priscus in Armenia , earning success for Roman arms during the campaign season of 163 , including the capture of the Armenian capital Artaxata .
Most mosques contain a wall niche , known as mihrab , that indicates the Qiblah .
The first law of thermodynamics relates changes in the internal energy of a thermodynamic system to two forms of energy transfer .
Abdul Aziz ( also known as Imam Samudra , Qudama\/Kudama , Fatih\/Fat , Abu Umar or Heri ) ( 14 January 1970 in Serang , Banten ( then part of West Java province ) -- 9 November 2008 in Nusakambangan , Central Java ) was an Indonesian convicted for the 2002 Bali bombing and was executed on 9 November 2008 .
For his first wish , Aladdin asks to become a prince so he can marry Jasmine .
A trapezoid with vertices ABCD is denoted .
Undergarments or underwear are clothes worn under other clothes , often next to the skin .
Indian Packers (/O1919/O) Packers Nickname Origin from Packers.com .
Hnevank ( ; meaning '' Old Monastery '' ) is a 7th-12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery , located near the village of Kurtan in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Bieuxy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The novel tells of a young man named Dorian Gray , the subject of a painting by artist Basil Hallward .
( featured on the Help !
Music for chamber ensembles includes 15 string quartets , a piano quintet , two pieces for a string octet , and two piano trios . For the piano he composed two solo sonatas , an early set of preludes , and a later set of 24 preludes and fugues .
A hymn by Guru Ram Das from page 305 of the Guru Granth Sahib : Guru Ram Das nominated Guru Arjan Dev , his youngest son , as the next Guru of the Sikhs .
Types of wear The study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology .
They inhabit an area known as Frisia .
The Soanian is an archaeological culture of the Lower Paleolithic ( ca .
The city of Marquette averages about 141 inches of snow per year , making it the fifth snowiest city in the contiguous United States among those cities large enough to be reported .
The English name '' Snowdon '' comes from the Old English ' , meaning '' snow hill '' as Snowdon can offer significant falls of snow each winter from October to April , but in the past , rare fresh late-seasonal snow has been reported to fall on Snowdon , well into the months of May and June .
Adding it up ( p. 73 ) compares adding measuring rods to adding sets of cats : '' For example , inches can be subdivided into parts , which are hard to tell from the wholes , except that they are shorter ; whereas it is painful to cats to divide them into parts , and it seriously changes their nature . ''
Kazushige Kirihata is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
He became a violinist in the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra , and taught music in his home town .
The Bash is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced in the summer in either the month of June or July by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Previously Staten Island and Brooklyn were connected and the Hudson River emptied into the ocean through the present course of the Raritan River , by taking a more westerly course through parts of present day northern New Jersey , along the eastern side of the Watchung Mountains to Bound Brook , New Jersey and then on into the Atlantic Ocean via Raritan Bay .
Around the world Asia India and Bangladesh Roe from the hilsa fish is considered a delicacy in West Bengal , Assam and Bangladesh .
Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait Islands group off the coast of far northern Queensland , Australia .
As the Secretary of the Army , West weighed in on the Aberdeen scandal , prompting stricter enforcement and investigation into the Army 's sexual harassment policies .
He secured his position among the nobles by an act of political appeasement : he issued a Charter of Liberties which is considered a forerunner of the Magna Carta .
He studied zoology at the University of Berlin and received his PhD in 1923 at the age of 21 .
With his brother Bruce , Stuart played in the first professional ice hockey league , the American-based International Professional Hockey League ( IPHL ) , where he was regarded as one of the best players in the league .
It is the deepest image of the universe ever taken , looking back approximately 13 billion years , and it will be used to search for galaxies that existed between 400 and 800 million years after the Big Bang .
Kirby : Squeak Squad , known in Europe as Kirby Mouse Attack and in Japan as , is a 2006-07 platforming video game developed by Flagship and Natsume ( The latter as seen in the end credits ) and published by Nintendo and HAL Laboratory for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
She made her first major television debut in season seven and eight of the soap opera Falcon Crest (/O1987/O) and appeared mostly in television shows throughout the late 1980s and most of the 90s , in small roles and guest appearances .
The Union Council has a population of 56,892 and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka , it is located in the west of the district .
She first appeared in All Star Comics # 8 ( December 1941 ) .
Office for National Statistics : Census 2001 : Parish Headcounts : Teignbridge Retrieved 27 January 2010 In 1690 , it was the last place in England to be invaded by a foreign power .
Weelkes ' fourth and final volume of madrigals , published in 1608 , carries a title page where he refers to himself as a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal ; however , records at the Chapel Royal itself do not mention him , so at most he could only have been a Gentleman Extraordinary - one of those who were asked to stand in until a permanent replacement was found .
Thenelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Renton is an Eastside edge city in King County , Washington , United States .
At signandsight.com External links Joschka Fischer writes a monthly commentary series , '' The Rebel Realist '' , for Project Syndicate , a non-profit association of newspapers around the world .
Quechua is a Native American language family spoken primarily in the Andes of South America , derived from an original common ancestor language , Proto-Quechua .
Raynald of Chatillon is released from prison in Aleppo .
Allison is the only tropical storm to have its name retired without ever having reached hurricane strength .
It began simply as the halfway point on the rail line between Prosser and Sunnyside .
The season was slightly above average , with twelve total storms and six hurricanes ; unusually , all six of the hurricanes strengthened into major ( Category 3 ) storms .
Doubt brings into question some notion of a perceived '' reality '' , and may involve delaying or rejecting relevant action out of concerns for mistakes or faults or appropriateness .
At that time , the I-AA members from the MVC ( Illinois State , Indiana State , and Southern Illinois ) joined Eastern Illinois , Northern Iowa , Southwest Missouri State , and Western Illinois to form the Association of Mid-Continent Universities , later the Mid-Continent Conference and now The Summit League , for sports other than football .
Revelation (/O8/O)
By contrast , there exist two types of radioactive decay processes ( gamma decay and internal conversion decay ) that do not result in transmutation , but only decrease the energy of an excited nucleus .
On 9 December 1996 the United Nations allowed Saddam 's government to begin selling limited amounts of oil for food and medicine .
Marpa Lotsawa ( 1012 - 1097 ) , sometimes known fully as Lhodak Marpa Choski Lodos or commonly as Marpa the Translator , was a Tibetan Buddhist teacher credited with the transmission of many Buddhist teachings to Tibet from India , including the teachings and lineages of Vajrayana and Mahamudra .
Clarkson has released four albums to date under RCA Records : her double-platinum debut album Thankful (/O2003/O) , her multi-platinum second album Breakaway (/O2004/O) ( which has won two Grammy Awards ) , My December (/O2007/O) , and her latest album All I Ever Wanted (/O2009/O) .
Naxos may refer to :
The museum is currently updating its exhibits , among which will be a permanent exhibit of the diary of city resident Friedrich Kellner .
Tensions continued to increase during the band 's ensuing tour in support of the album .
May 9 & ndash ; ` Abd al-Latif Mirza ( a Timurid monarch ) is assassinated .
Definition A narrow definition includes the Mongols proper , which can be roughly divided into eastern and western Mongols .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the village has a total area of 0.6 square miles ( 1.6 km2 ) .
There are four subspecies : the Eastern Wallaroo and the Euro , which are both widespread , and two of more restricted range , one from Barrow Island , the other from the Kimberley .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans ( usually as a snack ) , hence the word edible in its name .
He also served as County Mayor of Frederiksborg County from 1998 to 2001 .
A competition involving multiple matches , each involving a subset of the competitors , with the overall tournament winner determined based on the combined results of these individual matches .
It is also called the tuliptree Magnolia , or sometimes confusingly , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , although it is unrelated to the poplars of the family Salicaceae .
Clank urges Ratchet to continue their quest to confront Drek , but Ratchet is obsessed with getting revenge on Qwark .
Also , as the heat pump takes heat out of the air , some moisture in the outdoor air may condense and possibly freeze on the outdoor heat exchanger .
On 25 December 1990 , with the help of Robert Cailliau and a young student at CERN , he implemented the first successful communication between an HTTP client and server via the Internet .
It was gradually annexed by France in the 17th century under kings Louis XIII and Louis XIV and made one of the provinces of France .
Einstein taught physics at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton , New Jersey , until his death in 1955 .
It is an integral operator that acts on a vector field similarly to the gradient , divergence and curl operators found in vector analysis .
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE , GBM ( born November 23 , 1907 ) is a Hong Kong media mogul .
Brisbane Times is an Internet-based news site for Brisbane and Queensland , Australia .
Many cheeses today were first recorded in the late Middle Ages or after -- cheeses like Cheddar around 1500 CE , Parmesan in 1597 , Gouda in 1697 , and Camembert in 1791 .
In-game music was removed from this version and many items have been renamed to avoid drug and sex references .
It is the first book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
Gandalf tricks Bilbo into hosting a party for Thorin and his band of twelve dwarves , who sing of reclaiming the Lonely Mountain and its vast treasure from the dragon Smaug .
While watching Ulong 's fifth straight Tribal Council , it was revealed that Koror will vote again ; this time to give immunity to one of the Ulong and deny the Ulong the right to vote for that player .
Acting Zeami was educated by his father , Kan ` ami , who was also an actor .
Eastern Catholic Churches All of the following are particular churches of the Catholic Church .
Vahid Hashemian Korbekandi ( , born July 21 , 1976 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football striker .
The ministry has ca .
Saint-Laurent-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Pierce Brosnan plays Chiron .
In Poland , for example , it was a few days per year in the 13th century ; one day per week in the 14th century ; four days per week in the 17th century and six days per week in the 18th century .
The Laos national football team is the national team of Laos and is controlled by the Lao Football Federation .
Barenboim made his opera conducting debut in 1973 with a performance of Mozart 's Don Giovanni at the Edinburgh Festival .
Luis , the fifteenth tropical cyclone , had formed from a tropical wave on August 27 .
Most subjects have difficulty ordering the slices in the pie chart by size ; when the bar chart is used the comparison is much easier .
In 1979 , he co-founded the band The Young Aborigines .
With an undecided name , the band went into the studio to record their first EP Tales Told by Dead Friends with producer Lee Dyess .
Geary , Patrick J. Before France and Germany : the Creation and Transformation of the Merovingian World .
Basilicas in this sense are divided into classes , the major ( '' greater '' ) , and the minor basilicas , i.e. , three other papal and several pontifical minor basilicas in Italy , and over 1,400 lesser basilicas on all continents .
He served as the Minister of Finance , Energy and Foreign Affairs in various times throughout his career , as well as Deputy Prime Minister .
The lead singer sings a line and everyone sings the refrain ` ganggangsullae ' .
Tintigny is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
According to Italy 's National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology , the earthquake shifted the Earth 's axis by 25 cm ( 9.8 in ) . This deviation led to a number of small planetary changes , including the length of a day and the tilt of the Earth .
Once there , Eragon meets Oromis and his dragon Glaedr , the only dragon and Rider secretly alive besides Eragon , Saphira and Galbatorix .
On 21 October 1966 , it became known for the Aberfan disaster , when a colliery spoil heap collapsed into homes and a school , killing 116 children and 28 adults .
Under the name Devilish , the band soon began playing in talent shows and small concerts .
It was intended as a guide of reliable information for the aspirant middle classes .
It carries different payloads to low Earth orbit , provides crew rotation for the International Space Station ( ISS ) , and performs servicing missions .
From 2001 onwards , due to the busy schedule in the first semester in Brazil , teams playing in the Copa Libertadores have not been allowed to participate in the Copa do Brasil in the same year .
Italy declared war on France on 10 June and soon afterwards the French government fled to the city of Bordeaux .
Common types of vandalism are the addition of obscenities or crude humor , page blanking , and the insertion of nonsense into articles .
Writings and political views Though Moore rejects the label '' political activist , '' he has been active in promoting his political views .
This will be the first Eurovision Song Contest held in Germany since reunification , with West Germany having previously hosted the contest in 1957 and 1983 .
( or ) is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints ( or woodcuts ) and paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , featuring motifs of landscapes , tales from history , the theater , and pleasure quarters .
The organizers intend to divulge writers , who are not well-known yet .
John Toshack appointed Alonso as his team captain and Alonso succeeded in the role , taking Real Socieded to second place in the 2002 -- 03 season .
but the surviving documents provide no basis for speculating why the elder brother or brothers were passed over.Ponsonby-Fane , p. 29 ; Varley , p. 89 .
One of the company 's early successes was its distribution of the 1936 anti-cannabis propaganda film Reefer Madness , which became a cult hit on American college campuses in the early 1970s .
She says that she was asked to retrieve a certain photograph , which she did .
Their music may best be described as a cross between heavy metal , and rock 'n' roll .
Storm names The following names were used for named storms that formed in the North Atlantic in 2008 .
Beginning in the 1980s , the Saudi Arabian government began to finance the construction of mosques in countries around the world .
Apart from some tentative evidence suggesting that a few animals foundered around on land , most of the continents resembled deserts spanning from horizon to horizon .
The fictional characters Purun Dass ( invented by Rudyard Kipling ) and Harry Paget Flashman ( invented by George MacDonald Fraser ) each held a KCIE ; Kipling 's engineer Findlayson in The Day 's Work ( 1908 ) aspires to the CIE.
Native applications for Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 and Mac OS X ( Intel only ) are available through Google Labs .
B ile Herculane resort .
The Yellow River of China experiences a major course change , taking over the Huai River drainage system for the next 700 years .
Stanley Kirk Burrell ( born March 30 , 1962 ) , best known by his stage names MC Hammer , Hammer and Hammertime , is a rapper , entertainer and dancer most popular during the late 1980s until the mid-1990s .
To earn money for their impoverished household , Bessie Smith and her brother Andrew began busking on the streets of Chattanooga as a duo : she singing and dancing , he accompanying her on guitar .
The name of Normandy is derived from the settlement and conquest of the territory by Vikings ( '' Northmen '' ) from the 9th century , and confirmed by treaty in the 10th century .
Hayden Panettiere performed the end credits song , '' I Still Believe , '' and a music video was created as a DVD bonus feature .
The body and legs are covered with tiny hairs .
It is one of the oldest horse breeds , with archaeological evidence of horses that resemble modern Arabians dating back 4,500 years .
The next album Ghosts was followed by a major line-up change , featuring Peavy Wagner , Victor Smolski and Mike Terrana .
An appendicectomy ( or appendectomy ) is the surgical removal of the vermiform appendix .
The fossil fuels , which contain high percentages of carbon , include coal , petroleum , and natural gas .
The 1976 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated February 4-15 , 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
The area surrounding Harrington Sound ( which lies to the south of Crystal Cave ) is of limestone formation and noted for many subterranean waterways , through which the waters of the sound empty into the Atlantic .
He moved to Los Angeles , California in 1988 to pursue a career in interior design and set construction .
In 1922 at 10 years old , he joined the Spartacus League , then the Young Communist League of Germany ( KJVD ) , the youth section of the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) , in 1926 and joined the KPD itself in 1929 .
Steeles Avenue was listed by the CAA as the '' worst road in October '' for 2006 , and as the fifth worst road in October 2007 .
During the Cold War it was transformed into a primarily anti-submarine force , hunting for Soviet submarines , mostly active in the GIUK gap .
Overview It was contested by 10 teams , and Shamrock Rovers F.C. won the championship ( 3rd Title ) .
Before dying , the Great Deku Tree gives Link the spiritual stone of the forest , the Kokiri 's Emerald , and sends him to Hyrule Castle to speak with the princess of destiny , Zelda .
It was at this property that Charles II hid in a tree to escape discovery by Parliamentary soldiers after the Battle of Worcester .
The assembly must also accept or amend the Mayor 's budget on an annual basis .
No plans have been indicated to restore the site .
The Piazza Grande is the most noteworthy medieval square in the city , opening behind the 13th century Romanesque apse of Santa Maria della Pieve . Once the main marketplace of the city , it is currently the site of the Giostra del Saracino ( '' Joust of the Saracen '' ) .
FBB and FBD engines did exist as development engines but these were never released .
The nearest commercial jet airport is on the neighboring island of Saint Maarten : Princess Juliana International Airport .
In 1832 , after a life of vast productivity , Goethe died in Weimar .
The comitatus was also the historic administrative unit in the Kingdom of Hungary , which included areas of present-day neighbouring countries of Hungary .
During the celebrations , Susanna enters with a payment to release Figaro from his debt to Marcellina .
They include many of the major figures , such as Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldr and Tyr .
In spastic diplegia in humans , GABA absorption becomes impaired by nerves damaged from the condition 's upper motor neuron lesion , which leads to hypertonia of the muscles signaled by those nerves that can no longer absorb GABA .
She is a member of the influential Kennedy family and the only surviving child of U.S. President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy .
Located in the apex of the Nile Delta , Heliopolis was the capital of the 13th Lower Egyptian nome .
It was in this subterranean bunker that Adolf Hitler and his wife Eva Braun spent the last few weeks of the war and it was here their lives came to an end on April 30 , 1945 .
Yoshi 's Island DS is a platforming video game developed by Artoon for the Nintendo DS .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
Females are typically smaller than the males , have smaller heads , thinner legs and tails and wider bodies .
Photographer Annie Leibovitz took pictures of Knut that were used for an environmental campaign , including Vanity Fair magazine 's May 2007 Green Issue in which he was superimposed into a photograph with American actor Leonardo DiCaprio .
It provides a two - to three-page summary of the demographics , geography , communications , government , economy , and military of 267 entities including U.S.-recognized countries , dependencies , and other areas in the world .
Spreitenbach became a municipality in the short-lived canton of Baden ; since 1803 the municipality has been in the canton of Aargau .
Carl asks Dupree to go to career day at Molly 's work as he got tied up at his work and that night Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly , though Carl is late again , so Molly and Dupree start without him .
Opus Dei , formally known as The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei , is an organization of the Catholic Church that teaches that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to sanctity .
The IEEE consists of 39 societies , organized around specialized technical fields , with more than 300 local organizations that hold regular meetings .
Corbonod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
They were met with armed resistance by the Black Guards and in the ensuing battle , approximately forty anarchists were killed or wounded and about five hundred were imprisoned .
Finn is the primary songwriter and creative director of the band , having led it through several incarnations , drawing members from New Zealand ( his brother , Tim Finn and Eddie Rayner ) , Australia ( Paul Hester , Nick Seymour , Peter Jones and Craig Hooper ) and the United States ( Mark Hart , and Matt Sherrod ) .
t. co is a URL shortening service created by Twitter .
Billed as The race that stops a nation , it is a race for three-year-olds and over , over a distance of 3,200 metres .
It is commonly referred to as '' Monte Carlo '' because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighbourhood of Monaco .
January 2 -- Pope John II succeeds Pope Boniface II , who had died in 532 , as the 56th pope .
The delineation of the Riverina region by government agencies and other bodies varies , but in common usage it generally comprises the agricultural and pastoral areas of New South Wales , west of the Great Dividing Range and in the drainage basin of the snow-fed Murray and Murrumbidgee Rivers .
As of 28 January 2011 , 35 deaths have been attributed to the floods , 21 of which are from the Toowoomba and the Lockyer Valley area .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. Blizzard of Ozz was a commercial success and was certified 4x Platinum in the U.S. , ( a feat Osbourne would again achieve with the release of No More Tears ) .
Saint Loup-Hors is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
