James Burrill Angell , who served as the university 's president from 1871 to 1909 , aggressively expanded U-M 's curriculum to include professional studies in dentistry , architecture , engineering , government , and medicine .
Sir Thomas Gresham ( c. 1519 21 November , 1579 ) was an English merchant and financier who worked for King Edward VI of England and for Edward 's half-sister Queen Elizabeth I of England .
This miaphysite position , often known as '' Monophysitism '' , formed the basis for the distinction from other churches of the Coptic church of Egypt and Ethiopia and the '' Jacobite '' churches of Syria and Armenia ( see Oriental Orthodoxy ) .
Since that 1900 Games , France has hosted the Olympics on four further occasions : the 1924 Summer Olympics , again in Paris and three Winter Games ( 1924 in Chamonix , 1968 in Grenoble and 1992 in Albertville ) .
The trial of the Samlesbury witches is perhaps one clear example of that trend ; it has been described as '' largely a piece of anti-Catholic propaganda '' , and even as a show-trial , to demonstrate that Lancashire , considered at that time to be a wild and lawless region , was being purged not only of witches but also of '' popish plotters '' ( i.e. , Catholics ) .
Portage is a city in Portage Township , Porter County , Indiana , United States .
The main match for the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between champion Triple H , Shawn Michaels and Chris Benoit .
He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1989 in his first year of eligibility .
Except in the case of ( see below ) , administrators may unprotect a page if the reason for its protection no longer applies , a reasonable period has elapsed , and there is no consensus that continued protection is necessary .
By 1915 , absinthe had been banned in the United States and in most European countries including France , The Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland and the Austro-Hungarian Empire .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
In the Australian state of South Australia , 26 December is a public holiday known as Proclamation Day and Boxing Day is not normally a public holiday .
He is perhaps best known for his role as Mark Renton in the 1996 film Trainspotting , his portrayal of the young Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel trilogy , and his role as the romantic penniless writer Christian in the 2001 film Moulin Rouge !
The nearby Pont du Gard , also built by Agrippa , is a well-preserved aqueduct that used to carry water across the small Gardon river valley .
Examples of solid solutions are alloys and certain minerals and polymers containing plasticizers .
These families are placed within the asterid group of eudicots as circumscribed by the APG II system .
Manufactured by Boeing 's Commercial Airplane unit in the United States , the original version of the 747 was two and a half times the size of the Boeing 707 , Branson , Richard .
In 1554 , Queen Mary gave Sudeley Castle to John Brydges , 1st Baron Chandos , and it remained as his property throughout the reign of Queen Elizabeth .
The meltwater from the Sulaiman Mountains forms Zhob Rivers and it flows through Balochistan and drains into Gomal River near Khajuri Kachadd .
Chromium ( III ) chloride ( also called chromic chloride ) is a violet colored solid with the formula CrCl3 .
The Vulcan B. 1 was first delivered to the RAF in 1956 .
Ransome used to sail to Hamford Water , an area of tidal salt marshes and low-lying islands , in his yacht Nancy Blackett .
It had maximum sustained winds of 35 m , and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar .
# channels ( '' + channels '' were later replaced with '' # channels '' in version 2.7 , numeric channels were removed entirely and channel bans ( mode + b ) were implemented . )
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground ( '' the Tube '' ) , in the United Kingdom .
The length is about 48 km :
A USB device can have up to 32 endpoints : 16 into the host controller and 16 out of the host controller .
Whereas the above mandala represents the pure surroundings of a Buddha , this mandala represents the universe .
The University of Melbourne ( informally Melbourne Uni , Unimelb or just Melbourne ) is a public university located in Melbourne , Victoria .
The slightly larger statistical district of Houten had a population of about 39,100 in 2004 .
More recently , REpresentational State Transfer ( RESTful ) Web services have been regaining popularity , particularly with Internet companies .
DPA report Mass grave found in Bangladesh in The Chandigarh Tribune 8 August 1999 The first night of war on Bengalis , which is documented in telegrams from the American Consulate in Dhaka to the United States State Department , saw indiscriminate killings of students of Dhaka University and other civilians .
The Nobel Peace Prize of 1952 was awarded to Dr Albert Schweitzer .
The Princess Augusta Sophia ( 8 November 1768 -- 22 September 1840 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , second daughter of George III and Queen Charlotte .
Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 , in Dallas , Texas .
However , the record was broken by Kelly Clarkson 's 2009 single , '' My Life Would Suck Without You '' .
T. aculeatus
After the independence of India , the state of Tamil Nadu was created based on linguistic boundaries .
( typically between 1 eV and 103 eV ) , where is the Rydberg constant , Z is the Atomic number , n is the principal quantum number , is Planck 's constant , and c is the speed of light .
Inspired by the Monterey Pop Festival , the Pop Chronicles of the 1950s and 1960s was originally produced at KRLA 1110 and first aired on February 9 , 1969 .
K. T. Livingston , Richard Jordan , Gay Sweely (/O2001/O) Becoming Australians : the movement towards federation in Ballarat and the nation p. 34 .
It revolves around the lives of the fictional characters Sarah and John Connor , following the events of Terminator 2 : Judgment Day .
Hoyle , Ben .
Andrew William Mellon ( March 24 , 1855 -- August 26 , 1937 ) was an American banker , industrialist , philanthropist , art collector and Secretary of the Treasury from March 4 , 1921 until February 12 , 1932 .
He made his debut for the WWE developmental territory Deep South Wrestling in September , and was moved to the Ohio Valley Wrestling territory in January 2007 . A few months later , Hager debuted for Florida Championship Wrestling ( FCW ) , where he was the final FCW Southern Heavyweight Champion and the inaugural FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion .
In Malaysia it is called a kuali ( small wok ) or kawa ( big wok ) . In the Philippines it is known as a kawali and also called a '' wadjang '' .
It starts on a beautiful day with Lord Henry Wotton observing the artist Basil Hallward painting the portrait of a handsome young man named Dorian Gray .
History Charente is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
Typically , aftershocks are found up to a distance equal to the rupture length away from the fault plane .
He is the head of the Japanese Imperial Family .
The National Diet Library is the only national library in Japan . It was established in 1948 for the purpose of assisting members of the Diet of Japan\/National Diet of Japan in researching matters of public policy .
Chinnamalai refused the British offer and informed his decision to face the consequences .
Some of this land , which now wraps around Downtown Omaha , was later used to entice Nebraska Territorial legislators to an area called Scriptown . The Territorial capitol was located in Omaha , but when Nebraska became a state in 1867 , the capital was relocated to Lincoln , 53 miles south-west of Omaha .
Biography He was born John Ned Shines in Frayser , Tennessee .
Malibu incorporated as a city .
As part of Nissan Skyline 's 50th anniversary , Warner Music Japan published a CD titled SKYLINE 50th ANNIVERSARY CD , featuring music from Nissan Skyline commercials . Skyline model cars had also been produced .
The Julian calendar as used in England until 1752 differed by eleven days after 1700 , and ten days prior to that date .
Steven Patrick Morrissey ( born 22 May 1959 ) , known primarily as Morrissey , is an English singer and songwriter .
Puget-Rostang is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Pizza ( 2006 , Combat Records \/O/ LIF Records )
Bell then reportedly sold his current Stradivarius , the Tom Taylor , for a little more than two million dollars and made the purchase of the Gibson ex Huberman for a little under the four million dollar asking price .
The smooth running characteristics of the straight-8 made it popular in luxury and racing cars of the past .
Three German light cruisers were named after the city , two of which served in World War I and the third in World War II .
Daniel Claiborne Hudson ( born March 9 , 1987 in Lynchburg , Virginia ) is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks .
Themes and cultural allusions While the film depicts the Alliance as an all-powerful , authoritarian-style regime , Whedon is careful to point out that it is not so simple as that .
Dimmu Borgir started as a black metal band in 1993 .
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ( U of I , UIUC , or simply Illinois ) is a public research university in the state of Illinois , United States .
During this three-year forced break ( 1999 -- 2002 ) , the band members took regular day jobs , Caws working at a nearby record store , Lorca working on some computer projects , and Elliot doing drums and guitar sessions for other artists .
Candice Michelle Beckman-Ehrlich ( born September 30 , 1978 ) better known as Candice Michelle or just Candice , is an American model , actress , and professional wrestler best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment .
Having reached the end of her natural lifespan , Charlotte dies at the fair .
Other Indonesian areas gradually adopted Islam , making it the dominant religion in Java and Sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
However , Karpov won the very next game , and the match , by 6 - 5 with 21 draws .
Up won two awards at the 82nd Academy Awards , for '' Best Animated Feature '' and '' Academy Award for Best Original Score '' .
Star Power is activated using the '' * '' ( star ) button on the keypad or the '' OK '' button in the center of the directional pad .
Giro del Veneto , ( 1941 , 1947 , 1949 )
It was a French trading post at the joining of the Tippecanoe River and the Wabash River located approximately three miles southwest of modern-day West Lafayette .
Where black bars normally appear on a 4:3 ( full screen ) television showing a widescreen production , footage is displayed of curtains moving in the background .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
Cross , F. L. , ed .
It became the eighth month either when January and February were added to the beginning of the year by King Numa Pompilius about 700 BC or when those two months were moved from the end to the beginning of the year by the decemvirs about 450 BC ( Roman writers disagree ) .
August 20 & ndash ; Johan de Witt , Grand Pensionary of Holland , is slaughtered by a mob in The Hague .
The Battle of Hastings ( 14 October 1066 ) was the decisive Norman victory in the Norman Conquest of England .
The event was promoted as Vengeance until the 2008 edition . The event was created in 2001 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 9 , 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego , California , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
The Anguidae is a large and diverse family of lizards native to the northern hemisphere .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
Newton metre is a unit of torque ( also called '' moment '' ) in the SI system .
Zermatt is a starting point for hikes into the mountains , including the Haute Route that leads to Chamonix in France and the Patrouille des Glaciers .
Liaquat rose to political prominence as a member of the All India Muslim League .
January 1 & ndash ; Samuel Pepys begins his diary .
B. F. Skinner and behaviorism in American culture .
Vermont is the leading producer of maple syrup in the United States .
It is included in Super OS 9.04 SP 0.1 + .
Letitia Christian Tyler ( November 12 , 1790 & ndash ; September 10 , 1842 ) , first wife of John Tyler , was First Lady of the United States from 1841 until her death .
Leathermouth formed in 2007 by some friends of My Chemical Romance 's rhythm guitarist Frank Iero .
VIZ Media has begun to release the series again with a 2nd edition , however filled with edits not present in the first edition and original Japanese version .
The majority of black metal vocalists are male , although there are a few notable exceptions -- for example Cadaveria and Astarte .
It occurs naturally in the minerals celestine and strontianite .
The highest rating television programs include sports coverage such as the summer Olympic Games , State of Origin , and the grand finals of the National Rugby League and Australian Football League .
The return of Saturday Night 's Main Event to NBC has also led to more interaction between the brands .
The area of the present district of Unna was formerly part of the County of the Mark , which later belonged to Prussia .
In the late 1990s , members of IMBAS , a Celtic Reconstructionist organization based in Seattle , began promoting the name Senistrognata , which they say means '' the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples '' in reconstructed Old Celtic .
Major urban areas in the region include Jerusalem , Bethlehem , Gush Etzion ( including Beitar Illit and Efrat ) , Jericho and Hebron .
Typical plot lines involve Hercules and Iolaus ( or Salmoneus ) saving rustic villagers from monsters , evil warlords or the often selfish whims of the gods .
Since 2007 the party has sought a seat in parliament , the only counties they have a realistic chance of earning a seat is Oslo and Hordaland .
The seismic activity corresponds with some of Canada 's recently formed volcanoes and with persistent volcanoes that have had major explosive activity throughout their history , such as Mount Garibaldi , Mount Cayley and Mount Meager .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Mardan - Government of Pakistan It is located at 34 23 ' 22N 71 58 ' 51E with an altitude of 371 metres ( 1220 feet ) Location of Landkhwar - Falling Rain Genomics and literally it means '' the ever flowing stream or brook '' .
Some 35 per cent of the subjects examined by Stevenson had birthmarks or birth defects .
Honda Racing F1 Team was a Formula One ( F1 ) team run by Japanese car manufacturer Honda , from 1964 to 1968 and from 2006 to 2008 .
A draft of the Award was supposedly sent to Evan Jenkins , the provincial governor of Punjab by George Abell , Lord Mountbatten of Burma 's private secretary , with a preliminary description of the Punjab boundary .
However , turning one 's shoulder this way simply adds to the torque already being applied to the humerus by the opponent .
This dish is called posola in Assamese and a distinct part of Assamese cuisine .
The Gunpowder Plot of 1605 , in earlier centuries often called the Gunpowder Treason Plot , was a failed assassination attempt against King James I of England and VI of Scotland by a group of provincial English Catholics led by Robert Catesby .
It was a member of the CENTO and SEATO military alliances .
Myles Gilbert '' Tim '' Horton ( January 12 , 1930 -- February 21 , 1974 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .
Muscular atrophy increases the risks of falling in conditions such as IBM ( inclusion body myositis ) .
In terrestrial biomes , species diversity tends to correlate positively with net primary productivity , moisture availability , and temperature .
Georg Franz Danzer ( October 7 , 1946 , Vienna - June 21 , 2007 , Asperhofen , Lower Austria ) was an Austrian singer-songwriter .
However , Berenson was taking risks simply in teaching the game to women .
Such phrases and clichés as ace in the hole , ace up one 's sleeve , beats me , blue chip , call one 's bluff , cash in , high roller , pass the buck , poker face , stack up , up the ante , when the chips are down , wild card , and others are used in everyday conversation , even by those unaware of their origins at the poker table .
Leroy & Stitch , a follow up to Lilo & Stitch , was released in 2006 .
Steven James '' Steve '' Sidwell ( born 14 December 1982 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aston Villa in the Premier League .
Serenity : The Official Visual Companion was written by Joss Whedon , published by Titan Books , and released on September 1 , 2005 in paperback .
The passion began to be intoned ( rather than just spoken ) in the Middle Ages , at least as early at the 8th century .
Massimo Ambrosini ( born May 29 , 1977 in Pesaro ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder and is the current club captain for Serie A club Milan .
In 2009 , Mike E. Clark produced a third remix for Psychopathic Murder Mix Volume 1 .
Although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable period of time .
Dakinis , being associated with energy in all its functions , are linked with the revelation of the Anuttara Yoga Tantras or Higher Tantras , which represent the path of transformation .
Brown 's actions are often referred to as '' patriotic treason '' , depicting both sides of the argument .
Auregnais , Aoeur ` gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the Channel Island of Alderney ( French : Aurigny , Auregnais : Aoeur ` gny/Auregny ) .
Cloves can be used in cooking either whole or in a ground form , but as they are extremely strong , they are used sparingly .
August 2 -- William II of England
Year 19 ( XIX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Following that verdict there were other problems , such as foot traffic within the Mall after the bars ( all located on the fourth floor ) had closed for the evening .
The Incarnation represents the belief that Jesus , who is the non-created second hypostasis of the triune God , took on a human body and nature and became both man and God .
Technically , the Latin term fibulae refers specifically to Roman brooches , however , the term is widely used to refer to brooches from the entire ancient and early medieval world that continue Roman forms .
Kent State shootings : Four students at Kent State University in Ohio are killed and 9 wounded by Ohio State National Guardsmen , at a protest against the incursion into Cambodia .
He married Infanta Isabella , the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid .
The first variant of the vehicle is to be prototyped in 2015 and fielded by 2017 .
The album reached # 21 on the Billboard 200 chart , and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s .
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six .
It attempts to bring the most important news from the global Wikimedia family for everybody involved with Wikimedia .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , pronounced , like '' noah '' , is a scientific agency within the United States Department of Commerce focused on the conditions of the oceans and the atmosphere .
Their most successful song was '' Ride Captain Ride '' in the last half of 1970 , which reached # 4 on the both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Canadian RPM magazine charts .
Carl Hubbell and Hal Newhouser are the only pitchers to win multiple times , Newhouser winning consecutively in 1944 and 1945 .
This means should her son Prince William of Wales take to the British throne as he is expected to , William would become the first blood descendant of Charles II to do so , though William is part of the royal House of Windsor , rather than the House of Stuart .
Waley was appointed Assistant Keeper of Oriental Prints and Manuscripts at the British Museum in 1913 .
Bromley is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States , along the Ohio River .
In 2006 , Saving Abel released an album under their own label .
Genealogical : someone who can trace his or her ancestry to the tribes of Arabia - the original inhabitants of the Arabian Peninsula - and the Syrian Desert .
It was named after one of the ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdoms , the Kingdom of the East Angles , which was in turn named after the homeland of the Angles , Angeln , in northern Germany .
Matthew Rhys '' Matt '' Holland ( born 11 April 1974 ) is an English-born Irish footballer , who represented Republic of Ireland at international level .
The Western Hockey League ( WHL ) is a major junior ice hockey league based in Western Canada and the Northwestern United States .
Initially used in chips targeting embedded markets , where simpler and smaller CPUs would allow multiple instantiations to fit on one piece of silicon .
In 1783 Peace of Paris , which ended the American Revolutionary War , the British ceded both East and West Florida back to Spain ( see Spanish Florida ) .
In Aztec mythology , Huitzilopochtli , also spelled ' ( '' Hummingbird on the Left '' , or '' Left-Handed Hummingbird '' , huitzilin being Nahuatl for hummingbird ) , was a god of war , a sun god , and the patron of the city of Tenochtitlan . He was also the national god of the Mexicas of Tenochtitlan .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
Parasaurolophus ( , commonly also ; meaning '' near crested lizard '' in reference to Saurolophus ) is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now North America , about 76.5-73 million years ago .
Martin was born in Waco , Texas , and raised in Southern California , where his early influences were working at Disneyland and Knott 's Berry Farm and working magic and comedy acts at these and other smaller venues in the area .
In 1996 , Gilmour was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pink Floyd .
Germaine is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The nation has considerable natural resources , with gold , uranium , phosphates , kaolinite , salt and limestone being most widely exploited .
The International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) is an international industry trade group of airlines headquartered in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , where the International Civil Aviation Organization is also headquartered .
The console ports were each followed by a sequel , The Sims : Bustin ' Out , and a spin-off game , The Urbz : Sims in the City .
Silliman University ( also referred to as Silliman or SU ) is a Christian private university located in Dumaguete City , Negros Oriental , Philippines .
Titania was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 , the same day he discovered Uranus ' second largest moon , Oberon .
Father Sapieha did pastoral work in the Diocese of Lemberg , in whose seminary he served as a faculty member for four years until becoming its rector .
After briefly returning to Spain , he went to Paris again to study musicology , first under Maurice Emmanuel and then under André Pirro .
Headsets typically have only one speaker like a telephone , but also come with speakers for both ears .
He was president of Iran from 1981 to 1989 , and has been Supreme Leader of Iran since June 1989 when the Assembly of Experts appointed him to succeed Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
College Women 's college basketball remains very popular throughout North America , with the sport being sponsored by all of the major college athletic associations : the NCAA , the NAIA , the NJCAA , the NCCAA and the CIS .
Thallium can also be obtained from the smelting of lead and zinc ores .
They succeeded in winning popular support : a National Militia was formed from several thousand volunteers , led by Jan Kili ski , a master shoemaker and one of Warsaw 's notable residents .
At the Royal Rumble event on January 25 , Triple H and Michaels faced each other again in a Last Man Standing match for the title , which resulted in a draw , and , as a result , Triple H retained the title , leaving question on who was the better of the two .
Alt St. Johann is a village in the new municipality of Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Robert Griess has called these six exceptions pariahs , and refers to the others as the happy family .
In the case of a floor plan , the roof and upper portion of the walls may be omitted .
Upon completion , Incheon International Airport will be able to handle 62 million passengers and 5.8 million tonnes of cargo a year , up from the current capacity of 44 million passengers and 4.5 million tonnes .
Brock , ( known in Japan as , is a video game character in the Pokémon franchise .
Early success in Germany was followed by travel throughout Europe ; Mendelssohn was particularly well received in Britain as a composer , conductor and soloist , and his ten visits there ( during which many of his major works were premiered ) form an important part of his adult career .
Granada is a city and the capital of the province of Granada , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Beaulencourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Shortly after graduating from the Royal College of Art after a two-year furniture MA course in 1994 , he was commissioned by Harvey Nichols department store in Knightsbridge to design a temporary structure for the shop 's facade .
The first block cipher to use a form of key whitening is DES-X , which simply uses two extra 64-bit keys for whitening , beyond the normal 56-bit key of DES .
According to most sources , approximately 85 % of the world 's Muslims are Sunni and approximately 15 % are Shi'a , with a small minority who are members of other Islamic sects .
One of two forces causes the air to move .
Malcolm Frederick ` Mal ' Evans ( 27 May 1935 - 5 January 1976 ) was best known as the road manager , assistant , and a friend of The Beatles : John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison , and Ringo Starr .
He also appears as one of four playable characters in Super Mario 64 DS and as a baby who can ride on Yoshi 's back in Yoshi 's Island DS .
Women , save the princely rulers , were ineligible for appointment to the Order .
In 1958 , Mauritania was formed as an autonomous republic in the French Community , and in 1960 it became an independent country , with Nouakchott as its capital .
Although the team enjoyed ultimate success , 1955 was the worst year of Robinson 's individual career .
She died the 6 of June 2009 , at the age of 96 .
He is also the writer of the best-selling Abarat series , and plans on producing three more novels in the series .
There is still disagreement on the subject of the classification , ancestry , and progeny of H. erectus , with two major alternative hypotheses : erectus may be another name for Homo ergaster , and therefore the direct ancestor of later hominids such as Homo heidelbergensis , Homo neanderthalensis , and Homo sapiens ; or it may be an Asian species distinct from African ergaster .
Gauriaguet is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
In geometry , an equilateral triangle is a triangle in which all three sides are equal .
On April 29 , 2007 , the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards , where they were nominated for three awards , winning '' Best Rock Video '' and '' Video of the Year '' for '' The Kill '' .
February 7 & ndash ; Thomas II of Savoy
The word ` republic ' is derived from the Latin phrase res publica which can be translated as '' public affairs '' .
He captained the Great Britain athletics team in 1965 and 1966 .
An ecumenical council ( or oecumenical council ; also general council ) is a conference of the bishops of the whole Christian Church convened to discuss and settle matters of Church doctrine and practice .
Mosles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The longest-tenured members of Genesis are Phil Collins , Mike Rutherford , and Tony Banks .
The Blue Room is the third EP released by English band Coldplay , and their first release after signing with the Parlophone label in April 1999 .
However , due to unfortunate positioning , partly due to disunity amongst the Allied powers and their forces , he suffered a string of minor setbacks in front of the Revolutionary Army on the Sambre , followed by a decisive defeat at Fleurus ( 26 June ) .
Lumpfish ( stenbider ) roe is used extensively in Danish cuisine , on top of halved or sliced hard-boiled eggs , on top of mounds of shrimp , or in combination with other fish or seafood .
For her performance , she won a Golden Globe Award as best actress in a leading role , and earned an Academy Award nomination in the same category .
He was the first child of Izanagi and Izanami , born without bones ( or , in some stories , without arms and legs ) due to his mother 's transgression during the marriage ritual .
The newer Micro-USB receptacles are designed to allow up to 10,000 cycles of insertion and removal between the receptacle and plug , compared to 500 for the standard USB and Mini-USB receptacle .
They most often focused on the moral lessons of the novels .
He verbally insults and often physically assaults Neil at every opportunity .
A beam is a structural element that is capable of withstanding load primarily by resisting bending .
These antigens may be proteins , carbohydrates , glycoproteins , or glycolipids , depending on the blood group system .
He was beheaded in front of his wife and children , who were on the ship from which he had just disembarked .
Alcohol often means ethanol , also called grain alcohol ; and sometimes any alcoholic ( alcohol-containing ) beverage .
Thury-Harcourt is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The team , a member of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , was relocated to Calgary , Alberta , Canada for the start of the 1980 - 81 NHL season and were re-named the Calgary Flames , leaving Atlanta without an NHL team , before the Thrashers were formed 19 years later .
Many cite Thucydides ' History of the Peloponnesian War as the inspiration for realist theory , with Hobbes ' Leviathan and Machiavelli 's The Prince providing further elaboration .
Towards the end of his playing career , Irureta also played one game for the Basque Country national football team .
GNU licenses The GNU General Public License ( GPL ) is a widely used license for free software projects .
Frans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Religion Flavian II , Patriarch of Antioch , is deposed and replaced with Severus .
The fruit are soft and juicy , which makes them a very good food for birds , particularly waxwings and thrushes , which then distribute the rowan seeds in their droppings .
For example , tree placement in the Jungle zone changes each time a new game is begun , but the start location will not , and the Jungle zone stays adjacent to the same areas .
The radically angular movements expressed the heart of Stravinsky 's radically modern score .
The first fossil discovery of this species was made on October 21 , 1907 , and came from Mauer where the workman Daniel Hartmann spotted a jaw in a sandpit .
Pohjola settled in New York City in 1995 and became a part of the thriving downtown jazz scene .
Magnetic cartridge , a component of a record player
It forms the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate .
Degree from New College , Oxford in 1602 , and moved to Chichester to take up the position of organist and informator choristarum ( instructor of the choristers ) at the Cathedral at some time between October 1601 and October 1602 .
This is a list of feature-length films produced by Walt Disney Productions/The Walt Disney Company that were released directly to video with no theatrical run .
According to the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea , maritime trade connected Somalis in the Mogadishu area with other communities along the Indian Ocean coast as early as the 1st century CE .
Sometimes , if the fish is too heavy to lift , the eagle will be dragged into the water .
Shortly before his death he produced a sonata called The Maid of Orleans , an elaborate piece of programme-music based on Schiller 's tragedy .
Teams earned points in the same way as the group stage , but carrying their points forward from previous matches against the other teams who qualified from the same group to the '' Super 8 '' stage .
Babylon was sacked by the Elamites under Shutruk-Nahhunte , and lost control of the Diyala valley .
Hollywood , USA , since 2001
A generic term for railroads , railways , rail transport , and related matters
He also competed in the fifth annual IWA Mid-South King of the Deathmatch tournament in August , where he defeated 2 Tuff Tony , Necro Butcher , and Ian Rotten , before losing to Mad Man Pondo in the final .
Its name stems from its location in the greater area of the Town of Brookhaven .
The ophiuroids generally have five long slender , whip-like arms which may reach up to in length on the largest specimens .
In computing , an optical disc drive ( ODD ) is a disk drive that uses laser light or electromagnetic waves near the light spectrum as part of the process of reading or writing data to or from optical discs .
The human palatine tonsils and the nasopharyngeal tonsil are lymphoepithelial tissues located in strategic areas of the oropharynx and nasopharynx , although most commonly - the term '' tonsils '' refers to the palatine tonsils can be seen in the back of the throat .
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Larkana is the capital .
The Harvard Business School and many of the university 's athletics facilities , including Harvard Stadium , are located in the city of Boston 's Allston neighborhood , which is situated on the other side of the Charles River from Harvard Square .
She holds both American and Canadian citizenship .
The record label Spinefarm got interested in the band then , and made a contract , yielding the album Midnattens Widunder ( '' Monstrosities Of The Midnight '' ) as a result .
During the 13th century , it was brought to Sweden by German immigrants .
These independent traditions are not derivative of Western opera , but are rather distinct forms of musical theater .
Adams , C. J. , Classification of religions : Geographical , Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2007 .
This article is about the composer ; for the Italian town see Gesualdo ( town ) .
In 2004 , Charlottesville was ranked the best place to live in the United States in the book Cities Ranked and Rated by Bert Sperling and Peter Sander .
It occurs naturally in the minerals celestine and strontianite .
Other corporate messaging systems allow registered users to also connect from outside the corporation LAN , by using an encrypted , firewall-friendly , HTTPS-based protocol .
This earthquake marked the first time Taiwan detected a tsunami .
The London Borough of Wandsworth is a London borough in southwest London , England , and forms part of Inner London .
Delaware Company Search 3169257 It formerly operated from the Bahamas , or the United Kingdom .
A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park , often open to the public , in which roses are grown .
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city .
Matthew Robert Birk ( born July 23 , 1976 ) is an American football center for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Mount St. Helens , Washington , '' Plume in the Evening '' , March 8 , 2005 , USGS .
In table 1 the estimated world polyester production is shown . Main applications are textile polyester , bottle polyester resin , film polyester mainly for packaging and specialty polyesters for engineering plastics .
Audacity is a free software , cross-platform digital audio editor and recording application .
He has one of the highest winning percentages of any college football coach in history , '' Switzer Is Honored To Be Inducted '' .
For example , mixing magenta and green in acrylic creates a dark cyan- something which would not happen if the mixing process were perfectly subtractive .
Thunderstorms were reported on the island , and maximum reported winds on the island reached 45 mph ( 72 km/h ) .
MEPIS is developed and maintained by an active community begun by Warren Woodford and the eponymous company MEPIS LLC .
In the 2006 European allround championships in Hamar , she finished fourth overall , by placing third at the 3,000 m and winning the 5,000 m/O. At the 5,000 meter she surprisingly beat favorite Claudia Pechstein .
The sunflower is the state flower of the US state of Kansas , and one of the city flowers of Kitaky sh , Japan .
The beginning of the 2010 season saw the introduction of a new points system in F1 .
However , the vampire , as he became known in Europe , largely originated in Southern Slavic folklore - although the closest equivalent in Romanian folklore relates to strigoi .
Gunnedah 's primary exports are cotton , coal , beef , lamb and pork , and cereal and oilseed grains .
The couple married in 1933 in Moscow , USSR , where Regina was studying medicine at the First Moscow Medical Institute .
Arcadius marries Aelia Eudoxia , daughter of the Frankish general Flavius Bauto .
Cadillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
When Williamson left the south to live with his estranged wife in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , he left his band in Cotton 's hands .
The Songhai had long been a major power in West Africa subject to the Mali Empire 's rule . In the late 14th century , the Songhai gradually gained independence from the Mali Empire and expanded , ultimately subsuming the entire eastern portion of the Mali Empire .
Rhadamistus ( also known as Ghadam or Radamisto ) was an Iberian prince who reigned in Armenia from 51 to 53 and 54 to 55 CE .
Nigella Lucy Lawson ( born 6 January 1960 ) is a British food writer , journalist and broadcaster .
This is because interlopers are hard to distinguish from family members because the family is of the same spectral type ( S ) that dominates the inner main belt overall .
On 3 February 1891 , Carter was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of Lagos .
The plants in Schedule VI are prohibited from cultivation and planting .
The Council of European Municipalities and Regions also works closely with the Commission ( DG Education and Culture ) to promote modern , high quality twinning initiatives and exchanges that involve all sections of the community .
There were traditional Leonese musical actuations and the book in Leonese language '' Cuentos del Sil '' was presented this day , and several personalities from the cultural , universitary , politic leonese world with young Leonese language students recited poems in Leonese language .
It is not clearly stated that Malcolm dies ( Grant asks Muldoon of Malcolm 's condition when they depart via helicopter , Muldoon 's nonverbal response is merely shaking his head and on the second to last page it says that the Costa Rican government would n't permit a burial for Hammond or Malcolm ) .
Sodium tellurite is an inorganic tellurium compound with formula Na2TeO3 .
In the past , MAOIs were prescribed for those resistant to tricyclic antidepressant therapy , but newer MAOIs such as selegiline and moclobemide provide a safer alternative and are now sometimes used as first-line therapy , although these substances are not always as effective as their predecessors .
The indirect way of development is known to end in an extended pelagic plankotrophic tornaria larval stage , which means that this hemichordate exists in a larval stage that feeds on plankton before turning into an adult worm .
Also , as a result of chlorophyll 's relationship to tannin , younger growth is greener and more vibrant in colour , while more developed leaves further down the plant have had their chlorophyll convert gradually into tannin , giving a more bitter flavour and duller brown-green colour profile .
The Nile provided a plentiful source of fish .
In the meantime , however , Vitellia has heard the news about Titus 's interest in Servilia and is again boiling with jealousy .
Elections to county councils were held on 12 April , for metropolitan and Welsh districts on 10 May , and for non-metropolitan district councils on 7 June .
Many of the communities in the diocese , as well as the parish churches , bear a Celtic saint 's name , which is a reminder of the links with other Celtic lands , especially Ireland , Wales and Brittany .
The Arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island .
The last of those was published on February 6 , 2000 , six days before Schulz died . On February 13 , 2000 , the day following Schulz 's passing , the last ever Peanuts strip ran in papers .
She is frequently called Daw Aung San Suu Kyi ; Daw is not part of her name , but is an honorific similar to madam for older , revered women , literally meaning '' aunt '' .
Canadian Hurricane Centre : 2004 Tropical Cyclone Season Summary For the official forecasts , see the NHC 's archive on Tropical Storm Hermine .
The Variations on a Rococo Theme , Op . 33 , for cello and orchestra was the closest Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ever came to writing a full concerto for cello and orchestra .
Mah r ja ( also spelled maharajah ) is a Sanskrit title for a '' great king '' or '' high king '' .
image_skyline = Tulcea .
The Somaliland region is bordered by Djibouti to the west , Ethiopia to the south , and the Puntland region of Somalia to the east .
In the United Kingdom , the background is a white-gray toned background instead of the green .
The University of Michigan College of Engineering is the engineering unit of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Prospero ( ) is a relatively small retrograde irregular satellite of Uranus discovered on 18 July 1999 by the astrophysicist Matthew Holman and his team , and given the provisional designation S\/1999 U 3 .
A similar mode of execution was used as late as the early 1700s in France ; one such episode is graphically recounted in the opening chapter of Michel Foucault 's Discipline and Punish ( 1979 ) .
Like humans engaging in sex primarily for pleasure , this behavior in the above mentioned animals is also presumed to be for pleasure , and a contributing factor to strengthening their social bonds .
Xandros Open Circulation Edition Based on Xandros 3.0 Standard Edition .
They have sold over 12 million albums .
He became identified with the phrase '' In a world ... '' , which has been used in movie trailers so frequently that it has become a cliché .
The upper part of the mantle is composed mostly of peridotite , a rock denser than rocks common in the overlying crust .
Joe Byrne drafted the Euroa letter in red ink sent by Ned Kelly to Donald Cameron , a local MLC .
Bundesliga ( II ) 2nd ( promoted ) 2003-04 Bundesliga ( I ) 18th ( relegated ) 2004-05 2 .
Apoptygma Berzerk has toured Europe , North America , Australia and Israel with bands such as VNV Nation , Beborn Beton and Icon of Coil .
Charles Henry '' Charlie '' Christian ( July 29 , 1916 -- March 2 , 1942 ) was an American swing and jazz guitarist .
William Montgomery Watt in The Cambridge History of Islam , p. 32
After playing several years in senior leagues in Ontario and British Columbia in the late 1950s , Madigan had a lengthy career as a minor league star , most notably with the Fort Wayne Komets of the International Hockey League for three seasons in the early 1960s , and then for the Portland Buckaroos of the Western Hockey League for nine seasons .
For the song by New Order , see Sub-culture ( song ) .
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index in 1992 , Chomsky was cited as a source more often than any other living scholar during the 1980 -- 92 period , and was the eighth most-cited source .
Keating was elected as the federal Labor member for Blaxland in 1969 and came to prominence as the reformist treasurer when the Hawke Labor government came to power at the 1983 federal election .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Also , it was felt by lawyers with the National Chapter of the NAACP , that having Mr. Brown at the head of the roster would be better received by the U.S. Supreme Court Justices because Mr. Brown had an intact , complete family , as opposed to someone who was a single parent head of household .
The Black-throated Loon ( Gavia arctica ) is a migratory aquatic bird found in the northern hemisphere . The species is known as an Arctic Loon in North America and the Black-throated Diver in Eurasia , its current name is a compromise proposed by the International Ornithological Committee .
Release of the film Cleopatra .
Lanarkshire , officially the County of Lanark ( , ) , was formerly a county of Scotland .
Groundwater 's short stories have won several contests .
Starting his career as a child actor in his uncle Nasir Hussain 's film Yaadon Ki Baaraat ( 1973 ) , Khan began his professional career eleven years later with Holi ( 1984 ) and had his first commercial success with Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak ( 1988 ) .
Waldemar Kita
Lars Ulrich -- drums
Sir John Frederick William Herschel , 1st Baronet KH , FRS ( March 7 , 1792 & ndash ; May 11 , 1871 )
While still working on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Benson wrote , directed , produced , edited , and acted in a digital video feature called Chance ( 2002 ) which also featured her Buffy co-star James Marsters .
His ascent to fame picked up when he became a writer for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , and later became a frequent guest on The Tonight Show .
Leaving from Piracicaba , passing through Rio Claro , the hills , fields and by typical vegetations of the Brazilian countryside , settlers established themselves in the region .
In these systems , all the tension screws can then be tightened or loosened by one handle .
The act specified that new flag designs should become official on the first July 4 ( Independence Day ) following admission of one or more new states . The most recent change , from 49 stars to 50 , occurred in 1960 when the present design was chosen , after Hawaii gained statehood in August 1959 .
The Nice model popular among planetary scientists postulates that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time , causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be put onto eccentric orbits that reached the terrestrial planets .
Larch are among the dominant plants in the immense boreal forests of Russia and Canada .
Samael is said to have taken Lilith as his bride after she left Adam .
In 1991 he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government .
near Toledo , OH
Hemoglobin is also found outside red blood cells and their progenitor lines .
For a vector , the dot product is the square of the length of , or
Eleven of Clarkson 's singles became Top Twenty hits on the Billboard Hot 100 .
David Blunkett ( L )
Brittle stars , or ophiuroids , are echinoderms , closely related to starfish .
About half of the vocabulary is borrowed from Italian and Sicilian , and English words make up as much as 20 % of the Maltese vocabulary .
Africa Akhetaten , Egypt -- Capital during the reign of 18th Dynasty pharaoh Akhenaten .
The second letter describes the thermal characteristic of its source region : T for tropical , P for polar , A for Arctic or Antarctic , M for monsoon , E for equatorial , and S for superior air ( dry air formed by significant downward motion in the atmosphere ) .
One of the featured matches was between John Cena versus Sabu in an Extreme lumberjack match , a standard match with the exception that the ring is surrounded by a group of wrestlers not directly involved in it and competed under hardcore rules .
The guitar consists of a body with a rigid neck to which the strings , generally six in number but sometimes more , are attached .
Issues discussed include climate change , coral bleaching , coral disease and coral reef fishing .
Yui Horie ( born September 20 , 1976 ) is a popular Japanese singer and voice actress .
During the Danish-Norwegian personal union , Dannebrog ( '' Danish cloth '' ) was also the flag of Norway and continued to be , with slight modifications , until Norway adopted its current flag in 1821 .
In the episode , Homer gets drunk at a party and embarrasses his wife Marge , so she decides to sign them up for a marriage counseling retreat .
Disney Fairies : Tinker Bell is an adventure game loosely based on the film Tinker Bell for the Nintendo DS .
The term battalion is used in the infantry , Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers , ( MSSM ) and Intelligence Corps only .
Port-en-Bessin-Huppain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
The German railway line that connected the Free City with newly-created Poland was to be administered by Poland , as well as all rail lines in the territory of the Free City .
It is colored in Transport for London 's ( TfL ) Corporate Magenta on the Tube map and in other branding .
During the 21 March 1967 session in which producer George Martin added a piano solo to Lovely Rita , Lennon complained that he did not feel well and could not focus .
He is represented in Scripture as being primarily concerned with people and their salvation .
Another object , , was sighted nearby 5 hours later , but this time just inside the F Ring .
Mixco Viejo , capital of the Pocomam Maya State , falls to the Spanish Conquistadores of Pedro de Alvarado ( in what is now Guatemala ) .
He was then told to come back in to test with the possible Zoes ( Wash 's wife ) and that it was down to him and one other candidate .
Country music ( or country and Western ) is a blend of traditional and popular musical forms traditionally found in the Southern United States and the Canadian Maritimes that evolved rapidly beginning in the 1920s .
'' Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 26 , 1991 .
As an example , ESC E will switch to printing in bold font , ESC F switches off bold printing .
Because an early copy of the album appeared on the New York Times website , Colour It In became available to download exclusively from iTunes on 16 December , before its physical release on 14 May , in an effort to combat the leak .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none Rock On The Net : 34th Annual Grammy Awards - 1992 .
A satellite of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope , and is about 8 miles ( 13 km ) in diameter .
A Wesleyan is any person who adopts the principles of Wesleyan theology or Wesleyanism In a closely related usage , Wesleyan may refer to the theological emphasis on sanctification , characteristic of the holiness movement of which Wesley was part .
Alan Shearer , OBE ( born 13 August 1970 ) is an English former footballer .
His body was not found until the year 1997 .
Grainville-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
History On September 1 , 1957 Channel 11 signed on as WIIC-TV , the second commercial VHF station in Pittsburgh .
It is located on the banks of the River Havel .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
The attack on Pearl Harbor ( called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters ( Operation Z in planning ) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor ) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on the morning of December 7 , 1941 ( December 8 in Japan ) .
The Battle of Trafalgar ( 21 October 1805 ) was a sea battle fought between the British Royal Navy and the combined fleets of the French Navy and Spanish Navy , during the War of the Third Coalition ( August -- December 1805 ) of the Napoleonic Wars ( 1803 -- 1815 ) .
Composer Joel McNeely has a few score tracks on the album : '' Depressed Dixie '' , '' Sad Puppy Blues '' , '' Nashville 7 '' and '' Sticky Hound Puppy '' .
The sisters , despite being perceived as normal women by the non-supernatural community , are known as The Charmed Ones in the magical community , whose prophesied destiny is to protect innocent lives against evil beings , such as demons and warlocks .
While the definition of '' alternative '' has been debated , the award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums '' heavily played on college radio stations '' .
The M lik ( Arabic ) madhhab is one of the four schools of Fiqh or religious law within Sunn Islam .
It is the only member of the genus Phyllopteryx .
Cootamundra is the home of the Cootamundra Wattle ( Acacia baileyana ) .
The SED was a Communist political party with a Marxist-Leninist ideology .
Skardu District is part of Baltistan and currently constitutes one of the seven districts of the Gilgit-Baltistan territory ( formerly Northern Areas ) of Pakistan .
Michael John Reiziger ( born 3 May 1973 in Amstelveen , North Holland ) is a retired Dutch footballer , who played mainly as a right defender .
Miles per hour is an imperial unit of speed expressing the number of statute miles covered in one hour . It is currently the standard unit used for speed limits , and to express speeds generally , on roads in the United Kingdom and the United States .
The ship was the second and last of the Pennsylvania class of '' super-dreadnought '' battleships .
Harvard University
Akron was also list by Newsweek as one of ten High-Tech Havens , prominent in the Information Age .
Magnetic tape was invented for recording sound by Fritz Pfleumer in 1928 in Germany , based on the invention of magnetic wire recording by Valdemar Poulsen in 1898 .
In 1818 , Christian Gmelin was the first to observe that lithium salts give a bright red color in flame .
Undeveloped projects Live action film In January 2001 , producer Joel Silver approached Todd Alcott to write a Wonder Woman screenplay , with Silver Pictures backing the project .
The incident remains an iconic event of American history , and other political protests often refer to it .
The sweetness of wine is determined by the amount of residual sugar in the wine after fermentation , relative to the acidity present in the wine .
This category groups articles on topics relating to the Grand Theft Auto series of computer and video games .
ATA S.M.A.R.T. attributes Each drive manufacturer defines a set of attributes , and sets threshold values beyond which attributes should not pass under normal operation .
The National Football League Most Valuable Player Award ( NFL MVP ) is given by various entities , most notably the Associated Press ( AP ) , When the NFL MVP is referred to without mentioning the source it is generally the Associated Press .
The console was originally sold as the Atari VCS , for Video Computer System . Following the release of the Atari 5200 , in 1982 , the VCS was renamed '' Atari 2600 '' , after the unit 's Atari part number , CX2600 .
Impact As Tropical Storm Franklin was forming , a tropical storm warning was issued for the northwest Bahamas , but it was canceled as Franklin moved north and away from the islands .
History The county was formed in 1855 from Cumberland County .
Around the 1860s at the height of the iron and steel era , a pier and a deep-water dock were built by the Bristol & Portishead Pier and Railway to accommodate the large ships that had difficulty in reaching Bristol Harbour .
Polyploidy , Hybridization , and the Invasion of New Habitats .
A convention center ( American English , conference center British English ) is a large building that is designed to hold a convention , where individuals and groups gather to promote and share common interests .
Cable was the Liberal Democrats ' main economic spokesperson from 2003 to May 2010 .
Gujar Khan , as well as being tehsil capital , is administratively subdivided into 3 union councils : Towns & Unions in the City District of Rawalpindi
Waverly is an incorporated town in Sussex County , Virginia , United States .
It is considered part of the larger Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan area of more than 12 million people .
Wilhelm Frick was the Interior Minister , Baldur von Schirach was the Hitler Youth leader and Heinrich Himmler was head of the SS and police .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
The permanent prayer leader ( imam ) must be a free honest man and is authoritative in religious matters .
Thoroughgood is credited with using the name of his home in England when helping name '' New Norfolk County '' in 1637 .
Olaf , as a tropical depression , moved westward , far out to sea . Operationally , Olaf was believed to have dissipated for six days .
The orchestra soon attracted other composers such as Igor Stravinsky , Max Reger , Maurice Ravel , and Paul Hindemith .
Unlike farmers , shepherds were often wage earners , being paid to watch the sheep of others .
The Staatsoper Unter den Linden ( Berlin State Opera ) is a German opera company .
Its orbital period of 38.2 days is close to a 1:6 orbital resonance with Charon , with the timing discrepancy being 0.3 % .
The most basal sauropodomorph known , Saturnalia , was discovered in 1999 , and is dated to the Carnian stage of the late Triassic .
Harry suffers another emotional blow , when his beloved godfather , Sirius , is killed during a duel with Sirius ' cousin , the Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange , at the Department of Mysteries , but Harry ultimately defeats Voldemort 's plan to steal an important prophecy .
A civil servant or public servant is a civilian public sector employee working for a government department or agency .
Hagrid is attacked by giants during the mission , and saved by Maxime . Hagrid and Maxime eventually part on the journey home because of Maxime 's exasperation with Grawp , Hagrid 's half-brother whom he had found and was attempting to bring home with them .
Barbeville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) is the governing body of association football in Asia .
The Northern League exists so that professional baseball players who are not signed by a Major or Minor League organization could have another chance at playing at a higher level .
A mirror on the back wall reflects the upper bodies and heads of two figures identified from other paintings , and by Palomino , as King Philip IV ( 10 ) and his queen , Mariana ( 11 ) .
Hulk Hogan defended his title against King Kong Bundy .
Most historians agree that the Sassanid Persian and Byzantine empires were militarily and economically exhausted from decades of fighting one another .
Returning to the continent he followed the invitation of Tsar Alexander I to come to St. Petersburg , where he lived so briefly he never prepared a meal for the Tsar before returning to Paris , where he was chef to banker James Mayer Rothschild .
It replaced the Scottish BBC Radio 4 opt-out service of the same name from 1978 .
In letters written during 44 BC , Cicero frequently complains that Rome was still subjected to tyranny , because the '' Liberators '' had failed to kill Antonius .
Meanwhile , Tai Lung escapes from prison as foreseen by Oogway , who makes Shifu promise to train Po before passing away . Still unable to grasp the basics of kung fu and confessing a crippling self-loathing , Po despairs that he has no chance of defeating Tai Lung .
The Author 's Farce and the Pleasures of the Town is a play by the English playwright and novelist Henry Fielding , first performed on 30 March 1730 at the Little Theatre , Haymarket . Written in response to the Theatre Royal 's rejection of his earlier plays , The Author 's Farce was Fielding 's first theatrical success .
Because only one species of dormouse is native to the British Isles , in everyday English usage dormouse usually refers to this species ( the Hazel Dormouse ) rather than to the family as a whole .
Olympia is the capital city of the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County .
January 30 & ndash ; King Charles I of England , Scotland and Ireland is beheaded .
,
Cuxhaven is an independent town and seat of the Cuxhaven district , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
a type of threaded rod
-
In the historical classification of La Liga Athletic Bilbao are in 4th place and one of only three clubs which have never been relegated from La Liga ( the others being Real Madrid and Barcelona ) .
Marcelo Silva Ramos or simply Marcelo Ramos ( born June 25 , 1973 in Salvador ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Five former members have died in recent years including four of the original recording line-up , Dallas Royall (/O1991/O) , Peter Wells (/O2006/O) , Ian Rilen (/O2006/O) and Mick Cocks (/O2009/O) , and Lobby Loyde (/O2007/O) , who was a member between October 1979 and September 1980 .
On April 6 , 1945 , waves of planes made hundreds of attacks in Operation Kikusui ( '' floating chrysanthemums '' ) .
There are , at present , a number of Communist parties active in various countries across the world , and a number who used to be active .
Originally , a version of Windows codenamed Blackcomb was planned as the successor to Windows XP ( codename Whistler ) and Windows Server 2003 .
When referring to this constant , the symbol is always pronounced '' pie '' in English , which is the conventional English pronunciation of the Greek letter .
This period spanned the years from April 1311 through February 1312 .
Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition , logical volume , and in some cases a virtual disk ( vdisk ) .
A medical abortion is a type of non-surgical abortion in which a drug is used to induce the abortion .
The stadium has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Byran Adams , Bon Jovi , David Bowie , David Cassidy , Dire Straits , Fleetwood Mac , Guns ` N Roses , Jean Michel Jarre , The New Power Generation , Oasis , Pink Floyd , Prince , Queen , The Rolling Stones , Simple Minds and Mavis Staples , among others .
Bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in consideration for hosting a WrestleMania event between 2012 and 2014 , with fourteen replying in interest .
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia covers the greater part of the peninsula .
The Class 125 was a design of three car Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1958 .
His well-known works include the Knight , Death , and the Devil ( 1513 ) , Saint Jerome in his Study ( 1514 ) and Melencolia I ( 1514 ) , which has been the subject of extensive analysis and interpretation .
Of the many objects that orbit the Sun , most of the mass is contained within eight relatively solitary planets whose orbits are almost circular and lie within a nearly flat disc called the ecliptic plane .
Previously , he was known for his well engineered offensive plays , including the success he had with the Pittsburgh Steelers in his 3 years as their offensive coordinator under Bill Cowher and winning Super Bowl XL during the 2005 season .
According to the Advanced Oxford Learner 's Dictionary , an innuendo is '' an indirect remark about somebody 's body , usually suggesting something bad , mean or rude ; the use of remarks like this : innuendoes about her private life or The song is full of sexual innuendo . ''
With the release deadline looming , Hendrix , Chas Chandler and engineer Eddie Kramer had to remix most of side one in an overnight session , but they could not match the lost mix of '' If 6 was 9 '' .
The building was constructed in the late 1800s , and in 1906 the first Chilean casino was established there .
Using the Constructive Cost Model , the study estimated that this distribution required about eight thousand man-years of development time .
Bruce G. Trigger , '' The Disappearance of the St. Lawrence Iroquoians '' , in The Children of Aataenstic : A History of the Huron People to 1660 , vol .
On June 24 , 1979 ( the 750th anniversary of the village ) , Glinde received its town charter .
Sir Henry Joseph Wood , CH ( 3 March 1869 19 August 1944 ) was an English conductor , forever associated with the Promenade Concerts which he conducted for half a century .
This church had been built over the small shrine believed to mark the burial place of St. Peter .
The city has been referred to as the Marble City .
Biography Early life Trujillo was born on October 23 , 1964 and grew up in Culver City , California .
The , also designated as the ` Mitsubishi A6M Rei-sen ' and ` Mitsubishi Navy 12-shi Carrier Fighter ' , was a long range fighter aircraft operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service ( IJNAS ) from 1940 to 1945 .
Secondly , toward the end of his work on the house , Wittgenstein was contacted by Moritz Schlick , one of the leading figures of the newly formed Vienna Circle .
USB adapters that allow gameport controllers to work have also been available .
Credited with shaping much of Chinese thought , Confucianism was the official philosophy throughout most of Imperial China 's history , and mastery of Confucian texts provided the primary criterion for entry into the imperial bureaucracy .
As soon as they arrive , Knuckles ambushes Sonic from underground with such force , he knocks the Chaos Emeralds from him , returning him to normal . Stunned , Sonic can only watch as Knuckles steals the Emeralds and disappears inland .
Library The Museum Burghalde Roman theatre , from the 1st century A.D. Aquatinta Economics Lenzburg is an important economic centre , containing over 800 enterprises , of which about 80 % in the service sector .
A limited edition version of Red Dead Redemption mainly featured redeemable codes for the Deadly Assassin and the official soundtrack while other countries also received the War Horse and the golden guns .
Tropical Storm Arthur was the first tropical cyclone of the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season .
The first stone of the Hall was laid by Her Majesty Queen Victoria on the twentieth day of May MDCCCLXVII and it was opened by Her Majesty the Twenty Ninth of March in the year MDCCCLXXI .
Cléty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Angel Mounds State Historic Site , one of the best preserved ancient earthwork mounds sites in the United States , can be found in Southwestern Indiana near Evansville .
Dryden joined the Liberal Party of Canada and ran for the House of Commons in the federal election held in June 2004 .
Cayce 's methods involved lying down and entering into what appeared to be a trance or sleep state , usually at the request of a subject who was seeking help with health or other personal problems ( subjects were not usually present ) . The subject 's questions would then be given to Cayce , and Cayce would proceed with a reading .
Studying past climate is of interest for scientists in order to improve the understanding of current climate variability and , relatedly , providing a better basis for future climate projections .
Skrewdriver was a British punk rock -- then later white power skinhead -- band formed in Poulton-le-Fylde , England in 1976 by Ian Stuart Donaldson .
Early recordings were of poor quality , though not by design but by budget constraints , and bands such as The Circle Jerks , Reagan Youth , Flipper , Naked Raygun , and Minor Threat recorded only as a means to promote the live show and document the sounds they were making .
The island holds the Yas Island Circuit , which hosts the Formula One Abu Dhabi Grand Prix since .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
The first QuikTrip was opened in 1958 in Tulsa , Oklahoma by Chester Cadieux and Burt B. Holmes .
Annie Edson Taylor ( October 24 , 1838 - April 29 , 1921 ) was an American adventurer who became the first person to survive a trip over Niagara Falls in a barrel on her 63rd birthday , October 24 , 1901 .
Because the individual lenses are so small , the effects of diffraction impose a limit on the possible resolution that can be obtained .
Typically , this is done to gain the child 's trust as well as the trust of those responsible for the child 's well-being .
The damper consists of an inner hub affixed usually by a key and keyway to the outer end of the crankshaft .
He was 50 years old .
Ludwig Karl Martin Leonhard Albrecht Kossel ( 16 September 1853 5 July 1927 ) was a German medical doctor .
National Sport Stadium National Sports Stadium is the main sporting venue .
It is the only living species of the order Tubulidentata , although other prehistoric species and genera of Tubulidentata are known .
The Brickyard 400 currently has no official support races .
It was the only single released from their fourth studio album , Crimson Thunder .
British Rail 's third design of standard carriage was designated ` Mark 3 ' ( also described as Mark III ) , and was developed primarily for the InterCity 125 High Speed Train ( HST ) .
Phoenix was a robotic spacecraft on a space exploration mission on Mars under the Mars Scout Program .
Saint-Aubin-du-Désert is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
He played Dwayne Dill in the 2009 Disney Channel original Movie , Hatching Pete .
They see them as ostentatious and unnecessary .
King Khalid died in June 1982 .
The Discovery Institute has registered over two hundred website domain names . More than a dozen are related to the institute 's campaigns promoting intelligent design .
Bergkamen is twinned with :
Columbia is the county seat of Richland County , but a portion of the city extends into neighboring Lexington County .
He is best known as the lead vocalist and songwriter of the rock band Linkin Park .
The 2005 election also saw Britain gain more independent and small party members of parliament than it had done for 60 years .
Phyllopteryx taeniolatus , the Weedy Seadragon or Common Seadragon , is a marine fish related to the seahorse .
Today , it is widely regarded as a failed act of appeasement toward Nazi Germany .
Carnegie Mellon University ( also known as Carnegie Mellon or simply CMU ) is a private research university in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
for the members of the Wikimedia community
The ecclesiastical parish of Brading used to cover about a tenth of the Isle of Wight . The current civil parish now includes the town itself and Adgestone , Morton , Nunwell and other outlying areas between Ryde , St Helens , Bembridge , Sandown and Arreton .
Chris Mason accomplished this feat most recently in 2006 , when he was credited with a goal after he was the last player on his team to touch the puck before his opponents inadvertently put the puck into their own net .
myki is in operation all Melbourne metropolitan train , tram and bus services ; on regional bus services in Geelong ( including the Bellarine Peninsula ) , Ballarat , Bendigo , Seymour , Moe , Morwell , Traralgon and Warragul .
Pediococcus is a genus of Gram-positive lactic acid bacteria , placed within the family of Lactobacillaceae .
The album also featured a DVD with a live performance from the 2004 Ozzfest tour .
Celine Dion was also threatened with legal action in 2002 when she planned to name her Las Vegas show '' Muse '' , despite the band owning the worldwide performing rights to the name .
On March 28 , 2005 , Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting split Adult Swim from Cartoon Network so Nielsen Media Research could treat it as a separate channel for ratings purposes .
For example , in a trillion , the prefix is tri , meaning 3 .
Middle-earth is used as the general name for the invented universe portrayed in J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth books .
Wilson is credited as America 's first cell biologist .
Role in myth and literature Hesiod In Hesiod 's Theogony , Nyx is born of Chaos ; her offspring are many , and telling .
In 1925 Albers was promoted to Professor , the year the Bauhaus moved to Dessau .
Let us train our sons For our country And for our forefathers .
James Knox Polk ( ) ( November 2 , 1795 -- June 15 , 1849 ) was the eleventh President of the United States ( 1845 -- 1849 ) .
It is also described as the prepuce , a technically broader term that also includes the clitoral hood in women , to which the foreskin is embryonically homologous .
Sacraments\/Holy Mysteries Common to the East and to Roman Catholicism
They then auditioned to be on the show and they landed the roles of twins Janice ( Camilla ) and Jessica ( Rebecca ) .
The ECW brand 's main rivalry , that between Jack Swagger and Matt Hardy , had the two feuding over the ECW Championship .
Both Budai and Angida have similar resemblances , as they both are rotund , seen laughing and carrying a bag , However , in Chinese art , Angida is portrayed as Budai , so it may be unclear whether the imagery between the two are similar in any way .
Pesto alla siciliana , sometimes called pesto rosso ( red pesto ) , is a sauce from Sicily similar to pesto genovese but with the addition of tomato , almonds instead of pine nuts , and much less basil .
Ganges and Brahmaputra Rivers and their tributaries in India , Bangladesh and Nepal , while the Indus River Dolphin is found in the Indus river in Pakistan and the Beas and Sutlej rivers in India .
Guitars can vary both in the number of strings and in tuning .
Mines can be laid in many ways : by purpose-built minelayers , refitted ships , submarines , or aircraft- and even by dropping them into a harbor by hand .
Perhaps the best-known species is the electric eel ( Electrophorus electricus ) which uses powerful electric shocks ( up to 600 volts ) for hunting and self-defense .
The inhabitants of Windhaven are the descendants of space voyagers who crash landed on the planet centuries before the events of the book take place .
The first recorded use of byzantine as a color name in English was in 1924 .
Elemental potassium is a soft silvery-white metallic alkali metal that oxidizes rapidly in air and is very reactive with water , generating sufficient heat to ignite the evolved hydrogen .
The following is a list of Presidents of South Korea since its independence .
An essay is a short piece of writing which is often written from an author 's personal point of view .
Currently , the theme song for the Raw brand is '' Burn It to the Ground '' by Nickelback , which has been used for the brand since November 16 , 2009 .
Special types of undergarments have religious significance .
For the majority of Christians , the belief in the Holy Trinity implies the existence of three distinct Holy Persons : God the Father , God the Son and God the Holy Spirit being One Eternal Triune God .
If you are one that suffers from Sleep Paralysis , you can quite easily change it into an enjoyable experience .
It is used as a reinforcing agent for many polymer products ; the resulting composite material , properly known as fiber-reinforced polymer ( FRP ) or glass-reinforced plastic ( GRP ) , is called '' fiberglass '' in popular usage .
Append this template directly after the link or template , leaving the original link intact .
In the United Kingdom the name of a fruit or fruits followed by juice can only legally be used to describe a product which is 100 % fruit juice , as required by the Fruit Juices and Fruit Nectars ( England ) Regulations and the Fruit Juices & Fruit Nectars ( Scotland ) Regulations 2003 . However a juice made by reconstituting concentrate can be called juice .
The Great Wall stretches from Shanhaiguan in the east , to Lop Nur in the west , along an arc that roughly delineates the southern edge of Inner Mongolia .
Number 70529 on the Mercury Records catalog , it reached the Billboard charts on January 29 , 1955 .
Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers , Jr./O.
Cape can be used to describe any sleeveless outer garment , such as a poncho , but usually it is a long garment that covers only the back half of the wearer , fastening around the neck .
The performance was televised and shown later that day on BBC3 .
Events By place Rome Consuls : Gaius Julius Caesar , Marcus Antonius March 15 ( Roman Calendar ) -- ( the Ides of March ) -- Julius Caesar , dictator of Rome , is assassinated by a group of Roman senators , amongst them Gaius Cassius Longinus , Marcus Junius Brutus , and Caesar 's Massilian naval commander , Decimus Brutus .
He eventually made his way to a farm in rural northern Virginia ; he was tracked down and killed by Union soldiers 12 days later .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
Nevertheless it is clear that Anglo-Norman was to a large extent the spoken language of the Norman nobility and was also spoken in the law courts , schools , and universities , and in due course amongst at least some sections of the minor nobility and the growing bourgeoisie .
Although her early on-stage style could be somewhat haughty and aloof , in later years , Simone particularly seemed to enjoy engaging her audiences sometimes by recounting humorous anecdotes related to her career and music and by soliciting requests .
He usually acts as the protagonist to Cartman 's antagonist .
Some of the more familiar and better-known gastropods are terrestrial ( the land snails and slugs ) , but more than two thirds of all named species live in a marine environment .
Research on this equivalence has led to new insights on quantum chromodynamics , the fundamental theory of the strong nuclear force .
Agnew spent most of the 1986 - 87 in the AHL , although he did receive a four-game call-up to the Canucks .
Not all virus infections produce a protective immune response in this way .
Under English common law , proving the truth of the allegation was originally a valid defense only in civil libel cases .
He was found in the River Kenmare and it was at first assumed he had drowned .
The name '' Bourdaloue '' allegedly comes from that of a famous French Catholic priest , Louis Bourdaloue ( 1632 - 1704 ) , who delivered such long sermons that females of the aristocracy attending them had their maids bring in such pots discreetly under their dresses so that they could urinate without having to leave .
A second rain event on 9 - 10 January saw floodwaters again threaten Chinchilla and Condamine with Chinchilla residents again asked to evacuate .
The first of two recording sessions for the song was at Regent Sound Studio in London on 9 February 1967 in three takes .
Jessica Claire Biel ( born March 3 , 1982 ) is an American actress , model , and occasional singer . Biel is known for her television role as Mary Camden in the long-running family-drama series 7th Heaven .
The city is coterminous with Kampala District .
The American League of Professional Baseball Clubs , or simply the American League ( AL ) , is one of two leagues that make up Major League Baseball in the United States and Canada .
( , ) is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
It is the most populous civil parish in the Epping Forest district .
The song is dedicated to a Fenian poet named John Boyle O'Reilly , who was deported to Australia because of his poetry From the liner notes on the U2 album '' Rattle and Hum '' .
July 22 & ndash ; Richard Wingfield , English diplomat ( b. c. 1456 )
The name Mediterranean is derived from the Latin mediterraneus , meaning '' inland '' or '' in the middle of the earth '' ( from medius , '' middle '' and terra , '' earth '' ) .
His main interests in organometallic chemistry and synthetic chemistry are catalysts , notably Grubbs ' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization with cyclic olefins such as norbornene .
The territories , by contrast , are from a constitutional perspective directly subject to the Commonwealth government .
Specifically , Beverly Hills is bordered on the northwest by the Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains , on the east by West Hollywood , the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles , and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles , and on the south by the Beverlywood .
Calvi is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica .
Austen 's works are noted for their realism , biting social commentary , and masterful use of free indirect speech , burlesque and irony .
According to The Institute for Research on World-Systems , Kamakura was the 4th largest city in the world in 1250 AD , with 200,000 people , and Japan 's largest , eclipsing Kyoto by 1200 AD .
Vinnie Jones as Cain Marko / Juggernaut : The Juggernaut is a new recruit to the Brotherhood .
Gravestones with inscribed epitaph are also kinds of stelae .
The three districts were : Carrick in the south Kyle in the centre , which included the royal burgh of Ayr Cunninghame in the north which included the royal burgh of Irvine .
Sega wanted a game capable of competing with Mario and a character to replace Alex Kidd as the company 's mascot .
Instead , it refers to him in personal terms -- as one who is , who speaks , who sees , hears , acts , and loves .
Self inflicted bites occur in some genetic illnesses such as Lesch-Nyhan syndrome .
The PageRank algorithm instead analysis human-generated links assuming that web pages linked from many important pages are themselves likely to be important .
Also , any dust in the SAL reflects sunlight , cooling the air below it .
In classical times warships were propelled by very long oars that might have several oarsmen per oar .
They are very common in hill forests and urban gardens within its range .
Monchy-Cayeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1988 , Balukas was playing against professional Robin Bell in a televised match of the Brunswick-sponsored World Open Nine-ball Championship held at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas , Nevada .
He was appointed Seamen 's Welfare Officer the following year .
His tutor until he went to England was Sir George Lauder of The Bass , a Privy Counsellor -- described as the King 's '' familiar councillor '' -- and he was also tutored in music by Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger .
Christapor Mikaelian ( Armenian : ) also known by his noms de guerre Hellen , Topal , and Edward , ( October 18 , 1859 - March 1 , 1905 ) was one of the three founders of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation along Stepan Zorian and Simon Zavarian , also part of Armenian national liberation movement .
Lists from RIAA site showing current status holders of RIAA Certifications :
Since local rival Kickers Offenbach sport the colours red and white , Eintracht avoids playing in such a kit , preferring to play in black and red , or in black and white .
Law and government Sartell 's city council consists of a mayor and four city council | council members elected at-large to represent the community and legislate citywide policy .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Year 25 ( XXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The highest peak in the district is Distaghil Sar ( 7,885 m ) which is the seventh highest peak in Pakistan and 19th highest on earth .
Gotland passes under Danish rule .
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to neutralise liquid spills of phosgene .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20 , 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 7 .
The wing primaries and tail are strongly barred with black , sky-blue and white .
On April 5 , a Soviet Air Force Yakovlev Yak-3 fighter collided with a British European Airways Vickers Viking 1B airliner near RAF Gatow airfield , killing all aboard both aircraft .
The Canadian Museum of Flight ( formally the Canadian Museum of Flight Association since 1998 ) is an aviation museum at the Langley Regional Airport in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
In 2006 Snow served as a spokesman for the Wikimedia Foundation , was appointed to the board in February 2008 and elected chairman on July 17 , 2008 .
The Philharmonia is one of the most recorded orchestras in the world , with over one thousand recordings .
Kate Kelly , the sister of bushranger Ned Kelly , lived in the town , and drowned in Lake Forbes while saving a Aboriginal child during one of the lake 's floods and was found in a lagoon of the Lachlan River , just outside Forbes , in 1898 .
Nagri Tutial ( also known as Nagri Totial ) is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
She believes he 's thinking of having an affair , which she calls , '' evil on your mind '' .
Overview It was contested by 8 teams , and Cork United F.C. won the championship .
To the north the canton is bound by the Lake Constance across which lies Germany and Austria .
If you need help creating a user subpage , you can get assistance at WP : UPH or use the helpme feature .
Parnell himself disapproved of this pronunciation , pronouncing it , with the stress on the first syllable .
From 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the Vienna Hofoper succeeding Gustav Mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the Vienna Philharmonic until 1927 .
Bart vows that he will start to do better and tries to get the class genius Martin Prince to help him , but after that fails , Bart prays for help .
It is frequently mentioned in the Rigveda , whose Soma Mandala contains many hymns praising its energizing qualities .
Stowe 's solution was similar to Ralph Waldo Emerson 's : God 's will would be followed if each person sincerely examined his principles and acted on them .
Understand your block To effectively contest your block , you must understand the reason for it .
This is called the scalar projection of onto , or scalar component of in the direction of ( see figure ) .
Digital signatures can also provide non-repudiation , meaning that the signer can not successfully claim they did not sign a message , while also claiming their private key remains secret ; further , some non-repudiation schemes offer a time stamp for the digital signature , so that even if the private key is exposed , the signature is valid nonetheless .
Each Braille character , or cell , is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
The eyes occupied almost all of the space in the skull and were protected by bony plates ( sclerotic rings ) , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
Thus , on March 28 , 1941 , Dr. Seaborg , physicist Emilio Segre ' and Berkeley chemist Joseph W. Kennedy were able to show that plutonium ( then known only as element 94239 ) underwent fission with slow neutrons , an important distinction that was crucial to the decisions made in directing Manhattan Project research .
While only one ( the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum ) has been the main stadium twice , both the Panathinaiko Stadio and the Vélodrome de Vincennes have hosted events at subsequent Olympics .
A pornographic model poses for pornographic photographs .
Make sure to review the entire article before deciding that an author has mistakenly written flavour , colour , centre or defence ( or flavor , color , center , or defense ) .
Observers point to the Explorer 's 1969 expeditionary cruise to Antarctica as the frontrunner for today 's sea-based tourism in that region .
Pasly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Pelican Flower , Aristolochia grandiflora
The Madisons had no children but raised Dolley 's son from her first marriage , John Payne Todd , whom they called Payne .
Job 's wife Job 's wife is introduced in Job 2:9 when she suggests that Job curse God and die .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
The track also shares similar vocals and lyrics to '' Tell Me Why Our Love Turned Cold '' .
Paul Mariner ( born 22 May 1953 in Farnworth , Lancashire ) is a former English international football player , who represented Plymouth Argyle , Ipswich Town , Arsenal and England as a center forward during the 1970s and 1980s .
Its documentaries focused mainly on popular science , technology , history and culture , similar to that of the National Geographic Channel and History .
David Archuleta Certified Gold The first single , '' Crush '' , was released to radio on August 1 .
Though their grandson Charles I of Spain ( also known as Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) favored Seville , it was Charles ' son , Philip II ( 1527 & ndash ; 1598 ) who moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
The company was now able to sell cars according to current market trends following the sellers ' market of the postwar years .
Francisco Aramburu , or Chico ( 7 January 1922 , Uruguaiana , RS - 10 January 1997 , Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian association football striker .
James Boswell , 9th Laird of Auchinleck ( October 29 , 1740 - May 19 , 1795 ) was a lawyer , diarist , and author born in Edinburgh , Scotland ; he is best known for his biography of Samuel Johnson .
Nelson 's Column is a monument in Trafalgar Square , London , England , United Kingdom .
The synchronizing also prevents the loss of information stored on the device in case it is lost , stolen , or destroyed .
vous dirai-je , Maman '' ( better known in the English-speaking world as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star ) , the French nursery rhymes '' Au clair de la lune '' , and '' J' ai du bon tabac '' the piano plays the same melody upside down ) , the popular anthem Partant pour la Syrie , as well as the aria Una voce poco fa from Rossini 's The Barber of Seville can also be heard .
Guerrero returned to WCW in late 1995 along with Dean Malenko and Chris Benoit with whom he had worked with in NJPW and ECW .
When British Railways was formed in 1948 , it decided to adopt the former LNER method of carriage classification .
The total area is 23.62 km which gives a population density of 121 inhabitants per km .
The fur of most species is brownish in color , often with a white underbelly , but many other patterns exist , especially in the cricetine and arvicoline subfamilies .
History Hans Geiger developed a device ( that would later be called the '' Geiger counter '' ) in 1908 together with Ernest Rutherford .
Furthermore , their song '' When I See An Elephant Fly , '' which uses intricate wordplay in the lyrics , is more oriented to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo 's large ears .
The history of Japan comprises the history of the islands of Japan and the Japanese people ; spanning the ancient history of the region to the modern history of Japan as a nation state .
However , the term more commonly refers to any device or system that perpetually ( indefinitely ) produces more energy than it consumes , resulting in a net output of energy for indefinite time .
Personal life She began as a lady 's maid to Lady Greathead at Guy 's Cliffe House , near the Saxon Mill , Coventry Road , Warks .
Finding the last piece of Barbaros in a chest in the captain 's own castle , Zack rings Wiki in order to return Barbaros to his former self . This restores Barbaros ' humanity , but also reveals his true intentions , that he never planned to give Zack anything and wishes Treasure Island all for himself .
After the band 's break-up in 1987 , Morrissey began a solo career , making the top ten of the UK Singles Chart in the United Kingdom on ten occasions .
Synthetic Cubism was the second main movement within Cubism that was developed by Picasso , Braque , Juan Gris and others between 1912 and 1919 .
Warner started the 2004 season as the Giants ' starting quarterback , winning five of his first seven games , but following a two-game losing streak , highly-touted rookie quarterback Eli Manning was given the starting job .
The city is home to Nagaraj Cholan and many historic temples , monuments , churches and mosques .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
cx domain name was reportedly sold at an auction on April 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder .
Arsenic makes arsenic acid with concentrated nitric acid , arsenious acid with dilute nitric acid , and arsenic trioxide with concentrated sulfuric acid .
The song was released as the second single from Shakira 's second English album Oral Fixation Vol .
Zevon 's parents divorced when he was 16 years old and he soon quit high school and moved from Los Angeles to New York to become a folk singer .
Tourism has been , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
The human species
'' Four Become One '' ( Demo ) - 2:35
Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Solids clump together to form the cud or bolus .
After that , Barrett and Nexus asked Cena to join them .
He first came to public attention in 1981 , when he was cast in Julian Mitchell 's play and subsequent film Another Country as an openly gay student at an English public school , set in the 1930s .
Catarrh is a disorder of inflammation of the mucous membranes . It can result in a thick exudate of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head in response to an infection .
Although it was one of her lowest scores , she still won the event with 187.98 points , beating silver medalist Rachael Flatt with a lead of 13.07 .
His second album , Nowhere ( pronounced as Now-here ) was released in September 2005 .
The Archimedes screw described in Roman times by Vitruvius may have been an improvement on a screw pump that was used to irrigate the Hanging Gardens of Babylon . The world 's first seagoing steamship with a screw propeller was the SS Archimedes , which was launched in 1839 and named in honor of Archimedes and his work on the screw .
Chicoutimi ( ) is one of the three boroughs of Saguenay , Quebec , Canada , and was a separate city in its own right until 2002 .
Characteristics As the largest S-type asteroid ( with 3 Juno being a very close second ) , Eunomia has attracted a moderate amount of scientific attention .
Bassecourt is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
As a tropical cyclone , Cristobal had minimal effect to any land masses .
Released on March 8 , 1994 , Superunknown became the band 's breakthrough album , driven by the singles '' Spoonman '' , '' The Day I Tried to Live '' , '' Black Hole Sun '' ( ) , '' My Wave '' , and '' Fell on Black Days '' .
Hiroshi Kobayashi ( born March 17 , 1959 in Ibaraki , Japan ) is a former Japanese soccer player , coach , and manager .
The first Twitter prototype was used as an internal service for Odeo employees and the full version was introduced publicly on July 15 , 2006 .
The loss of the 2004 -- 05 season made the NHL the first North American professional sports league to cancel an entire season because of a labour dispute .
By the 1980s and 1990s , the economy of Brantford was in steady decline as a result of the bankruptcies of White Farm Equipment , Massey-Ferguson ( and its successor , Massey Combines Corporation ) , Koering-Waterous , Harding Carpets , and other manufacturers .
His father , who owns a small gold retail store , desired that he gain experience in the business with the view of eventually handing the family business over to him . If not for one of Kwok 's brothers taking over the gold business , his father would not have allowed him to join the entertainment industry .
Gabriel Alejandro Milito ( born 7 September 1980 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for FC Barcelona in La Liga , as a central defender .
( see text for families )
The 16th-century English Reformation , during which the Church of England broke away from the authority of the pope and the Catholic Church , split the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
Willmott , Barrier and the Javelin , p. 351 ; Parshall and Tully , Shattered Sword , pp .
The libretto by Charles Jennens is drawn entirely from the King James and Great Bibles , and interprets the Christian doctrine of the Messiah .
She and Mal have a strained relationship , with unspoken romantic tension playing a significant part in several episodes , as well as in the movie .
Caws would later refer to these times as a period of luxury .
Some used pens on ordinary paper , while others used light beams to expose photosensitive paper .
By the end of 1949 , they had re-claimed their identity as Hertha BSC Berlin and earned a return to the top-flight .
During the second era ( 7th - 9th editions , 1827 - 1901 ) , the Britannica was managed by the Edinburgh publishing firm , A & C Black .
In 1998 , he directed the live-action commercial promoting the videogame Resident Evil 2 in Tokyo , Japan .
In martial arts , combat sports , and violence , a kick is a strike using the foot , leg , or knee ( the latter is also known as a knee strike ) .
Quelmes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Japanese and Chinese traditions in particular include hundreds of types of joints , many of which do not use glue or nails .
The quarterly journal of the KLI containing grammatical discussions , new Klingon words , Klingon literature as well as internal information for the members .
SEO may target different kinds of search , including image search , local search , video search and industry-specific vertical search engines .
On 11 February , Commissioner Nixon indicated that she hoped that searches for bodies would be completed by 15 February , but that the prospect of asbestos being present in some of the destroyed buildings would hinder the progress of the searches .
In his free time he teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Kathy Westmoreland to participate in comedies and other productions at the Bird Cage Theatre , a theater concession inside Knott 's Berry Farm .
official_name = Gura Humorului
and , impressed , signed her to an exclusive contract with EMI .
It first aired in Japan from October 13 1997 to December 22 1997 every Monday .
Legislation ( or '' statutory law '' ) is law which has been promulgated ( or '' enacted '' ) by a legislature or other governing body , or the process of making it .
Kohei Usui is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Wooden ceilings and panelling were usually brightly coloured .
Saint-Martin-du-Puy is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
There are three levels of NUTS defined , with two levels of local administrative units ( LAUs ) below .
Plates made available by the University of Wisconsin Digital Collections Center .
In 308 BC , Bomilcar attempted a coup to restore the monarch to full power , but failed , which led to Carthage becoming in name as well as in fact a republic .
Law and government Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments .
From this criticism to psychologism , the distinction between psychological acts and their intentional objects , and the difference between the normative side of logic and the theoretical side , derives from a platonist conception of logic .
In January 2007 , The Hollywood Reporter reported that the series one-hour pilot was given an official greenlight by NBC .
Dagny-Lambercy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The fifth match was a handicap match where Booker T and Sharmell faced The Boogeyman .
In fashion , the word cape usually refers to a shorter garment and cloak to a full-length version of the different types of garment , and though the two terms are sometimes used synonymously for full-length coverings .
A blood cell , also called a hematocyte , is a cell of any type normally found in blood .
Clara and the Prince travel in a nutshell boat pulled by dolphins to the beautiful Land of Sweets in Confiturembourg , ruled by the Sugar Plum Fairy in the Prince 's place until his return . The Prince recounts for the Sugar Plum Fairy how he had been saved by Clara from the Mouse King and had been transformed back into a Prince .
The dew point is associated with relative humidity .
Its official name is simply hockey , International Hockey FederationOfficial website of the Olympic movement and this is the common name for it in many countries .
Like all domestic dogs , dingoes tend towards a phonetic communication , the difference being that they howl and whimper more and bark less than domestic dogs .
From this point onward he began living a radical Christian life giving his property over to his wife , while the remainder of his belongings he distributed as alms to the poor .
The tournament is a Masters 1000 event on the men 's tour and is a Premier Mandatory event on the women 's tour having as main sponsor the French bank BNP Paribas .
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
In the playoffs , the Bruins won only one of their four games ; their only win was on the strength of Thompson 's shutout , who finished the playoffs with a 1.53 goals-against average .
Modern medicine , both conventional and complementary , recognizes that the different rheumatic disorders have different causes ( and several of them have multiple causes ) and require different kinds of treatment .
It was originally named for a German immigrant that owned a local vineyard but the name was changed at Kramer 's request to honor the city of Bremen , Germany .
As Allied forces approached in September 1944 , the remaining Jews at Westerbork were removed to Theresienstadt .
The book of 4 Maccabees is a homily or philosophic discourse praising the supremacy of pious reason over passion .
L'Atalante and its neighbors the Urania and Discovery deep hypersaline anoxic basins ( DHABs ) are at most 35,000 years old , and were formed by Messinian evaporite salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in abyssal depressions about deep .
is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld game console .
Bengal monitor ( Varanus bengalensis ) or Common Indian Monitor , is a monitor lizard found widely distributed over South Asia .
Each managed system executes , at all times , a software component called an agent which reports information via SNMP to the manager .
After introduction , it was quickly adopted for carbines and rifles .
It is a major industrial and services center ; its main industries include consumer and electrical goods , building materials , machinery , plastics , rubber , and textiles .
To recover the fields farmers cast volcanic products out to dumping-grounds and made sand piles .
Frederick 's successor as king , Frederick William I of Prussia , rarely stayed at the palace , which depressed the small town of Charlottenburg .
After the Union of the Crowns James was the first to style himself '' King of Great Britain '' , but the title was opposed by both the English and Scots parliaments , and its legal basis was questionable .
It may also contain a wide variety of topping , including sliced ham or fried eggplant slices .
After humans received the stolen gift of fire from Prometheus , an angry Zeus decides to give men a punishing gift to compensate for the boon they had been given .
There are at least three subcategories , philosophical languages ( or ideal languages ) , logical languages ( sometimes abbreviated as loglangs ) , and experimental languages .
In 1994 , violence erupted between the Mexican Government and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation ( EZLN ) .
February 21 & ndash ; George Frideric Handel 's oratorio , Samson premieres in London .
Measures ( bars ) divide the piece into groups of beats , and the time signatures specify those groupings .
Polyps generally have a mouth surrounded by upward-facing tentacles like miniatures of the closely related anthozoan polyps ( sea anemones and corals ) , also of the phylum Cnidaria .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
Mounsey 2001 p. 281 Smart was infamous for his role as '' Mrs. Mary Midnight '' and widespread accounts of his father-in-law , John Newbery , locking him away in a mental asylum for many years over Smart 's supposed religious '' mania '' .
The adjacent town of Gzhatsk was renamed Gagarin in 1968 in his honor .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
The Cybermen also use smaller , cybernetic creatures called '' cybermats '' as weapons of attack .
Saint-Ouen-en-Belin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
A stratus cloud ( St ) is a cloud belonging to a class characterized by horizontal layering with a uniform base , as opposed to convective clouds that are as tall or taller than wide ( these are termed cumulus clouds ) . More specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white .
This work may be used in heat engines to convert thermal energy into mechanical energy . When two systems have reached a thermodynamic equilibrium , they have attained the same temperature and the net exchange of thermal energy ceases .
The term is sometimes applied to relatively small country houses which belonged to gentry families , as well as to grand stately homes , particularly as a technical term for minor late medieval fortified country houses intended more for show than for defence .
CBC Archive It was the world 's largest mall for a 23 year period from 1981 until 2004 .
Rice wine is an alcoholic beverage made from rice .
The territory is geographically part of the Comoro Islands , but has been politically separate since the 1970s .
Cassatt often created images of the social and private lives of women , with particular emphasis on the intimate bonds between mothers and children .
They are continuously changing due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
March 26 & ndash ; The trial of Joan of Arc begins .
One of Bart 's early hallmarks were his prank calls to Moe 's Tavern owner Moe Szyslak in which Bart calls Moe and asks for a gag name .
Ichiji Otani ( born August 31 , 1912 ) is a former Japanese footballer .
Favorable conditions persisted for several days prior to the arrival of the depression , and as such the depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Anita . The storm tracked slowly over anomalously warm water temperatures , and throughout its duration it was embedded within warm , moist tropical air ; Anita rapidly organized and attained hurricane status late on August 30 ; this is the latest date for the first hurricane since 1967 .
There he studied piano , and later cello and organ .
Leiria , Portugal , since 1996
Most binaries belong to this class .
The band has had 16 top ten singles on the Billboard rock charts , seven of which peaked at # 1 , and one # 1 album for Purple in 1994 .
The Nasrid dynasty or Ban Na r ( ) was the last Moorish and Muslim dynasty in Spain .
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid also won numerous British Academy Film Awards , including Best Film , Best Direction , Best Screenplay , Best Cinematography , Best Actor ( won by Redford though Newman was also nominated ) , and Best Actress for Katharine Ross , among others .
Dubliners is a collection of 15 short stories by James Joyce , first published in 1914 .
While Californian voters did not pass a 1972 proposal placing a 5-year moratorium on nuclear plant construction , anti-nuclear groups campaigned to stop construction of several proposed plants in the seventies , especially those located on the coast and near fault lines .
Distribution The haliotid family has a worldwide distribution , along the coastal waters of every continent , except the Atlantic coast of South America , the Caribbean , and the East Coast of the United States .
Reports suggested that up to 5,000 people were involved in the riot .
The Brabham team was founded by Jack Brabham and Ron Tauranac , who met in 1951 while both were successfully building and racing cars in their native Australia .
Sections of the street are often closed for other events , such as an annual street festival .
Ze ( , ) is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the consonant .
The first telephone exchange was established in 1901 .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Much of the harbor and surrounding lands is a United States Navy deep-water naval base .
After the Rigveda , Aryan society became increasingly agricultural , and was socially organized around the four Varnas .
It is located in the Upper Palatinate ( ) , roughly halfway between Regensburg and Bayreuth .
It was first released on 10 October 2007 as a digital download that customers could order for whatever price they saw fit , followed by a standard CD release in most countries during the last week of 2007 .
At Armageddon in December 2008 , Hardy defeated the defending champion Edge and Triple H in a triple threat match to capture the WWE Championship , his first world heavyweight championship .
Universal Studios Japan , located in Osaka , Japan is one of four Universal Studios theme parks , owned and operated by USJ Co. , Ltd. .
Thalia becomes one of Artemis ' Hunters , eliminating her as a potential recipient of the Great Prophecy , as Artemis ' Hunters do not age .
Tapestry is a form of textile art , woven on a vertical loom .
They were forbidden to enter certain professions , including an academic career in the universities , a particular ambition for Heine .
Members of the order are distinguished by their skins , which bear horny scales or shields .
'' Sensitivity ( song ) '' , a song by rhythm and blues singer , Ralph Tresvant
However , after 2003 , Goebel began increasingly to struggle with his jumps due to injuries within the past year .
Toy Story 3 is an upcoming computer-animated 3-D film being produced by Pixar Animation Studios , slated for release on June 18 , 2010 in the US .
In 1808 , Concord was named the official seat of state government , Lyford et al. , p. 324 -- 326 its 1819 State House the oldest capitol in which legislative branches meet in their original chambers .
The precursor of Tropical Storm Kristy was a tropical wave combined with an upper level trough .
Overview It was contested by 14 teams , and Dundalk F.C. won the championship .
The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a work of classic gothic horror fiction with a strong Faustian theme .
Digitel Mobile Philippines , Inc. , is a mobile telecommunication service provider in the Philippines doing business as Sun Cellular .
Rolling Stone Brackett , Nathan .
The first attempt merely stuns Harry into a death-like state ; the murder attempt fails because Voldemort used Harry 's blood in his resurrection .
Initially receiving mixed reviews , the album has since been voted to the 209th place on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time .
In society , a problem can refer to particular social issues , which if solved would yield social benefits , such as increased harmony or productivity , and conversely diminished hostility and disruption .
State of Georgia
It is in need of resignalling , and this work is planned to be carried out by 2014 .
Bruce George Gamble ( May 24 , 1938 - December 29 , 1982 ) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 seasons in the NHL between 1962 and 1972 , with some years in the minor leagues in between .
Bill Bixby ( January 22 , 1934 - November 21 , 1993 ) was an American film and television actor , director , and frequent game show panelist .
{ Before coming to Anatolia } , the Turks had been in contact with many nations and had long shown their ability to synthesize the artistic elements that they had adopted from these nations .
He is easily recognized by his orange and black stripes , beady eyes , a long chin , springy tail , and his love of bouncing .
Hull City Association Football Club was founded in June 1904 . For some years previously , attempts had been made to found a football club , but this proved difficult because the city was then dominated by rugby league teams such as Hull F.C. and Hull Kingston Rovers .
Jon Rechart ( born April 11 , 1972 ) better known by his ring name Balls Mahoney ( often abbreviated to B. Mahoney or Mahoney in wrestling publications due to censorship ) , is an American professional wrestler . Mahoney is perhaps best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling in the late 1990s and early 2000s , as well as working for World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its ECW brand .
Bahawalpur mangoes , citrus , dates and guavas are some of the fruits exported out of the country .
All have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies that give them an eel-like appearance .
The county is part of the Danube-Kris-Mures-Tisa euroregion .
It presently comprises a thirty-strong team which includes architects , landscape architects , designers and engineers .
It is considered bad to make a big change and mark it as a ` minor ( small ) change ' .
GPL enforcement and educational campaigns on GPL compliance was a major focus of the FSF 's efforts during this period .
The total area is 39.92 km which gives a population density of 659 inhabitants per km .
Sarbhana is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan Administrative Units of District Abbottabad .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
The Netherlands borders the North Sea to the north and west , Belgium to the south , and Germany to the east .
Boston is the state capital and largest city .
In 2002 , Roberts was hired by World Wrestling Entertainment as a backup announcer for SmackDown , followed later by a move to the Raw brand .
In 1835 a police station was built , in 1844 a new town hall and Orthodox and Protestant churches were completed .
It is produced when felsic lava extruded from a volcano cools without crystal growth .
Nightwish performs a blend of power metal and symphonic metal .
Malafrena is a 1979 novel by Ursula K. Le Guin .
Overland Park , Kansas .
Other uses : Dentition in archaeology Dentition , or the study of teeth , is an important area of study for archaeologists , especially those specializing in the study of older remains .
Camiac-et-Saint-Denis is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Encyclopedia Americana is one of the largest general encyclopedias in the English language . Following the acquisition of Grolier in 2000 , the encyclopedia has been produced by Scholastic .
Year 1836 ( MDCCCXXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The primary structural system of Burj Khalifa is reinforced concrete .
He was born into a farming family on 3 March 1940 in Braughing , Hertfordshire , England .
Manchester Metropolitan University was formed as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970 .
During the dry season ( from April\/May to September ) , dry southerly and easterly trade winds predominate .
Monopsony , when there is only one buyer in a market .
Maya Ying Lin ( ; born October 5 , 1959 ) is an American artist and architect who is known for her work in sculpture and landscape art .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 198 ; Color Sample of Mallow : Page 125 Plate 51 Color Sample I3
Leftover Salmon is a jam band from Boulder , Colorado , formed in 1989 .
Equipped with this gene , the former II-R strain bacteria were now protected from the host 's immune system and could kill the host .
Roraima ( Tupi : Green Plateau ) is the northernmost and least populated state of Brazil , located in the Amazon region .
The region is known for its scenic , rugged coastline and its quiet and friendly atmosphere .
The Intellivision is a video game console released by Mattel in 1979 .
The opera is set in Rome and is based on the life of Cola di Rienzi ( 1313 - 1354 ) , a medieval Italian populist figure who succeeds in outwitting and then defeating the nobles and their followers and in raising the power of the people .
The legal status of adscripti , '' bound to the soil '' , contrasted with barbarian foederati , who were permitted to settle within the imperial boundaries , remaining subject to their own traditional law .
Linspire has drawn some criticism from the free software community .
The population was 11,039 at the 2000 census .
In 1821 he visited the National Institute for the Blind in Paris , France , where he met Louis Braille .
It is also known as West Indian lime , Bartender 's lime , Omani lime , Tahitian lime or Mexican lime , the latter classified as a distinct race with a thicker skin and darker green color .
It was discovered in 1924 by quarrymen working for the Northern Lime Company in Taung , South Africa .
In the modern Scandinavian languages , the word Viking usually refers specifically to those people who went on Viking expeditions .
Although there have been efforts to harmonise the legal environment ( such as US-EU Safe Harbor ) , providers like Amazon Web Services are currently catering to the major markets ( typically the United States and European Union ) by deploying local infrastructure and allowing customers to select '' availability zones '' Feature Guide : Amazon EC2 Availability Zones .
Kirby , Ohio
As of October 2009 , the Census population estimate page listed New Haven as having a larger population than Hartford in the 2000 ( most recent ) Decennial Census .
During war ( especially World War I ) , it is a term used for the area of land between two enemy trenches that neither side wishes to openly move on or take control of due to fear of being attacked by the enemy in the process .
King 's College London ( informally King 's ) is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and a constituent college of the federal University of London .
Although feedback is an important aspect of control engineering , control engineers may also work on the control of systems without feedback .
France , Britain , and the countries of the Commonwealth declared war on Germany but provided little military support to Poland other than a small French attack into the Saarland .
Newark was reincorporated as a city on April 11 , 1836 , replacing Newark Township , based on the results of a referendum passed on March 18 , 1836 .
Finally , by order of Leo XIII , in his encyclical Annum Sacrum ( May 25 , 1899 ) , as well as on June 11 , he consecrated every human to the Sacred Heart .
There has been an acceptance in recent years that abdominal fat and weight around the abdomen constitute a greater health risk , commonly known as central obesity .
The capital and largest city , Windhoek , is in the centre of the country .
During the course of his career , season-by-season Prost beat nearly all his team-mates on total points , including five World Champions .
In return Ahmadinejad has fought back that Rafsanjani failed to differentiate privatization with the corrupt takeover of government-owned companies and of foreign policies which led to sanctions against Iran in 1995 and 1996 .
According to the Plain English Campaign , the symbol appears on over 20,000 documents worldwide .
The company was originally named Cadabra , Inc. , but the name was changed when it was discovered that people sometimes heard the name as '' Cadaver . ''
ROTOR , a former radar project in the UK following the Second World War
The civil parish of Shepton Mallet has adopted the style of a town , and there is a Town Council of 16 members . Councillors are split equally between the two wards : Shepton Mallet East and Shepton Mallet West .
January 28 -- STS-51-L : Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrates 73 seconds after launch , killing the crew of 7 astronauts , including schoolteacher Christa McAuliffe ( see Space Shuttle Challenger disaster ) .
The 1904 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the III Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in St. Louis , Missouri , in the United States from 1 July 1904 , to November 23 , 1904 , at what is now known as Francis Field on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis .
Then Satan will be put into the '' bottomless pit '' or abyss for 1,000 years , known as the Millennial Age .
Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go ; Vowles preferring a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes .
However , Amb continued as a distinct state within Pakistan until 1969 , when it was incorporated into the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Bay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Kellner was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner , a baker and confectioner from the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia , and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bietigheim-Bissingen near Ludwigsburg .
The Free Software Directory : This is a listing of software packages which have been verified as free software .
From Gergis the collection passed to Erythrae , where it became famous as the oracles of the Erythraean Sibyl .
To the new era was established to commemorate this event .
Ri Han-Jae ( born 27 June 1982 in Kurashiki , Okayama ) is a North Korean football player who played for North Korea in 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification .
Austin , Fort Worth , and El Paso are among the 25 largest U.S. cities .
Haverhill is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
The UK Singles Chart is compiled by The Official Charts Company ( OCC ) on behalf of the British record-industry .
The region consists of six municipalities : Fyresdal , Tokke , Vinje , Nissedal , Kviteseid and Seljord .
However , it did not include Internet Explorer 8 : Windows Vista Service Pack 2 is build 6002.18005.090410-1830 .
Buire is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Olympiastadion - Helsinki ( 1940 , 1952 )
In the township the population was spread out with 24.9 % under the age of 18 , 5.1 % from 18 to 24 , 23.4 % from 25 to 44 , 34.8 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.9 % who were 65 years of age or older .
Video game console , a specific device for playing video games
A Writing Kind of Day : Poems for Young Poets is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher , illustrated by April Ward .
Mountains .
She assumed the title at age 114 years , 115 days .
Color additives are available for use in food as either '' dyes '' or lake pigments ( commonly known as '' lakes '' ) .
The network was extended with lines being built to the suburbs , reaching a peak by the 1900s .
According to reports by a former al-Qaeda member , he has worked in the al-Qaeda organization since its inception and was a senior member of the group 's shura council .
The county also has its own airport , the Gwinnett County Briscoe Field . This is Gwinnett 's municipal airport near Lawrenceville , accessible by GA Route 316 .
The number of inhabitants increased to 11,600 when , in 1973 , it merged with the former municipalities of Glis and Brigerbad .
Always Coming Home is a novel by Ursula K. Le Guin published in 1985 .
Any religious belief system , or creed , can be considered an example of aqidah .
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2002-2003 and 2004-2005 .
This layer is sometimes called sial due to more felsic , or granitic , bulk composition , which lies in contrast to the oceanic crust , called sima due to its mafic , or basaltic rock .
Disco hit the television airwaves with Soul Train in 1971 hosted by Don Cornelius , then Marty Angelo 's Disco Step-by-Step Television Show in 1975 , Steve Marcus ' Disco Magic\/Disco 77 , Eddie Rivera 's Soap Factory and Merv Griffin 's , Dance Fever , hosted by Deney Terrio , who is credited with teaching actor John Travolta to dance for his upcoming role in the hit movie Saturday Night Fever .
Calonne-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He cracked a vertebra and twisted his pelvis .
Companion of the Order of Australia ( AC ) ;
It is one of the largest cities in the Sahara .
is an alphabetic system of phonetic notation based primarily on the Latin alphabet .
Nelvana Silver Lining
The primary application for UMD discs is as a storage medium for PSP games , although the format is also used for the storage of motion pictures and , to a lesser degree , television shows for playback on the PSP .
The Portuguese took control in 1675 and established the captaincy of Santa Catarina in 1738 .
She is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed Farsala Trilogy .
The introduction of the Travelcard caused an increase in patronage and reduced the number of tickets that needed to be purchased by passengers .
The 20th century saw an increasing use of technology in chair construction with such things as all-metal folding chairs , metal-legged chairs , the Slumber Chair , moulded plastic chairs and ergonomic chairs .
In some cases , for instance the Penny Reds of Great Britain and modern United States plate number coils , the plate numbers appear in the stamps themselves , but the more common practice is to include the number in the margin of each sheet , frequently alongside the name of the printer .
The 2011 Christchurch earthquake was a 6.3-magnitude earthquake that struck the Canterbury region in New Zealand 's South Island at on local time ( 23:51 UTC ) , causing widespread damage and multiple fatalities .
This helps the company allocate resources and is used as an analytical tool in brand marketing , product management , strategic management , and portfolio analysis .
Philadelphia Eagles ( )
Each year the champions from three CHL member leagues ; the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) , Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) , and Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) , along with a host team , compete in the MasterCard Memorial Cup Tournament .
Together with the Bailiwick of Guernsey , it forms the grouping known as the Channel Islands .
Planning and preparation Woodstock was initiated through the efforts of Michael Lang , John Roberts , Joel Rosenman , and Artie Kornfeld .
After McGraw 's success with his segments on The Oprah Winfrey Show , Dr. Phil debuted on September 16 , 2002 .
Maurice '' Mo '' Williams ( born December 19 , 1982 , in Jackson , Mississippi ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association .
Patrick Vaughn Stump ( born Patrick Martin Stumph on April 27 , 1984 ) is a singer-songwriter , composer , record producer , and music critic .
Fanfares originated in the Middle Ages ; although popular depictions of ancient Rome frequently include fanfares , the evidence is slight .
Maksim Mrvica ( ; born May 3 , 1975 ) is a popular pianist from Croatia .
Nordhausen is a Kreis ( district ) in the north of Thuringia , Germany .
Cézanne 's work demonstrates a mastery of design , color , composition and draftsmanship .
A lawyer by profession , he served as Prime Minister of the state of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010 .
The House of Plantagenet ( ) , a branch of the Angevins , was a royal house founded by Geoffrey V of Anjou , father of Henry II of England .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
The simplest example of this is a pair of electric charges of equal magnitude but opposite sign , separated by some ( usually small ) distance .
Its original name was '' Chant de guerre pour l'Armée du Rhin '' ( '' War Song for the Army of the Rhine '' ) and it was dedicated to Marshal Nicolas Luckner , a Bavarian-born French officer from Cham .
Kapellmeister ( pronounced ) is a German word designating a person in charge of music-making .
'' Peace Sells '' is the name of a song by the American thrash metal band Megadeth from the 1986 album Peace Sells ... but Who 's Buying ?
On 9 October , the Security Council formally chose Ban as its nominee .
Coden is a small unincorporated fishing village near Bayou la Batre , Alabama , United States , approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) southwest of Mobile .
The 2010 Atlantic hurricane season was the period in 2010 during which tropical cyclones formed in the Atlantic Ocean . The season officially started on June 1 and ended on November 30 , dates which conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical systems form in the basin .
In particle physics , fermions are particles which obey Fermi-Dirac statistics ; they are named after Enrico Fermi .
Arnold of Villanova , Spanish alchemist and physician ( b. 1235 )
Conversion ( options ) , one of the options strategies
Geometry Trigonometry Differential geometry Topology Fractal geometry Change Understanding and describing change is a common theme in the natural sciences , and calculus was developed as a powerful tool to investigate it .
One is colored by red beans , the second by eggs , and the third by green tea .
Pine Villa Football Club was formed in 1895 , though the club changed its appearance and name in 1899 to Oldham Athletic Football Club .
Aalst ( Zaltbommel ) , a village in the Netherlands , in the province of Gelderland
His poetry has been translated into many languages including French , English , Spanish , Italian , Swedish and Russian .
In it , animals died and flames were extinguished .
'' Modernism '' , Grove Music Online , ed .
In the 2001 Census , Telugu had the third largest base of native speakers in India ( 74 million ) , after Hindi and Bengali and was awarded the status of classical language in 2008 [ ] .
-- )
She was a daughter of Wahunsunacawh ( also known as Chief or Emperor Powhatan ) , who ruled an area encompassing almost all of the tribes in the Tidewater region of Virginia ( called Tenakomakah at the time ) .
But this License is not limited to software manuals ; it can be used for any textual work , regardless of subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book .
Tandil is the main city of the homonymous partido ( department ) , located in Argentina , in the southwest of Buenos Aires Province , just NNW of the Tandilia Hills .
It was nicknamed the '' Terror Bird '' for obvious reasons : it was one of the largest carnivorous birds to have ever existed , along with Titanis , Kelenken and Brontornis , and its rudimentary wings formed arm-like structures with claws shaped like a meat hook for tackling prey , which was then killed with the massive beak .
Lido Vieri ( born 16 July 1939 at Piombino ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
In Luke , Pilate not only agrees that Jesus did not conspire against Rome , but Herod Antipas , the tetrarch of Galilee , also finds nothing treasonable in Jesus ' actions .
RC4 was designed by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987 .
The area around Wadern stayed Prussian , while the Merzig area became part of the Saar area .
Mammals are perhaps most well-known for burrowing , especially Insectivora like the voracious mole , and rodents like the prolific gopher and groundhog .
The main circuit , normally raced in a clockwise direction , is 5.54 kilometres long , and is noted for its sweeping corners and wide straights .
The Medieval Warm Period ( MWP ) or Medieval Climate Optimum was a time of warm climate in the North Atlantic region , lasting from about the tenth century to about the fourteenth century .
Kota Aoki is a Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Life and career Toller Cranston was born in Hamilton , Ontario in 1949 and grew up in Kirkland Lake .
The Count enters and hears a noise from the closet . He tries to open it , but it is locked .
A large canal network runs though the city , built in the Industrial Revolution , nowadays mainly used for leisure .
These fish benefit from the shelter from predators provided by the stinging tentacles , and for the Portuguese Man o ' War the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on .
He was also elected as the 23rd Senate President , serving from 2000-2001 .
The players that play in this league are mainly professional .
Allan Hunter ( born 30 June , 1946 in Northern Ireland ) is a former international footballer .
In 1903 she married John William Thompson at Twickenham Parish Church , with whom she had a daughter , Winifred Grace ( 1903 ) and two sons , Henry Basil ( 1909 ) and Peter Redmond ( 1918 ) ( later lost at sea in 1941 ) .
The combined population of the Koreans is about 73 million ( North Korea : 23 million , South Korea : 50 million ) .
The term is also now used more generally to describe reckless , unsubstantiated accusations , as well as demagogic attacks on the character or patriotism of political adversaries .
Northumberland Park Depot is the service and storage area for trains on the Victoria Line of the London Underground , the only part of the line not in tunnel .
Particularly notable here is the native Komodo dragon .
Brenda Song ( born March 27 , 1988 ) is an American actress and model .
The RPG Maker is a software which can be used to develop RPG ( Role Playing Game ) games easily even for people that are not experienced in game design .
However , not all polyploids are reproductively isolated from their parental plants , and gene flow may still occur for example through triploid hybrid x diploid matings that produce tetraploids , or matings between meiotically unreduced gametes from diploids and gametes from tetraploids ( see also hybrid speciation ) .
In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant , in reference to his home town of Pantanaw .
Israeli blockades of some or all the shores of Lebanon at various times during the Lebanese Civil War ( 1975 1990 ) , the 1982 Lebanon War and the 1982-2000 South Lebanon conflict -- resumed during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict .
He is highly regarded for his realistic depictions of rural life and his command of American colloquial speech .
Celaru is a commune that can be found in Dolj County , Romania .
The Kingdom of Sussex became the county of Sussex , and the county of Sussex eventually was split into the counties of East and West Sussex .
Despite the fact that commercial stations ( such as Sky Sports ) have acquired the vast majority of sports television broadcasting rights in the UK , the BBC remains dominant in radio sport with BBC Radio 5 Live and its local radio stations .
The Detroit Red Wings won the Stanley Cup by sweeping the Montreal Canadiens four games to none .
She later joined SNL as a writer , later becoming head writer and a performer , known for her position as co-anchor in the Weekend Update segment .
Modern scholars have come to question the existence of at least the first nine emperors ; and Sujin is the first many agree might have actually existed , in third or fourth century .
Thompson wrote that he concluded their March trip by spending some thirty-six hours alone in a hotel room '' feverishly writing in my notebook '' about his experiences .
Sandy Hook is a city in Elliott County , Kentucky , United States , along the Little Sandy River .
If you choose to sign this way , you should still type four tildes : -- anon ~ ~ ~ ~ .
By 1460 , the confederates controlled most of the territory south and west of the Rhine to the Alps and the Jura mountains .
Although his Turkish works are written in Azerbaijani , he was well-versed in both the Ottoman and the Chagatai Turkic literary traditions as well .
The American Film Institute re-opened the AFI Silver theater in Silver Spring , Maryland , near Washington , D.C. , in April 2003 .
Perhaps one of the most famous duos to be associated with the term were The Righteous Brothers , due to their emotive vocal style .
Later on November 10 , the storm began to strengthen as it tracked further from land , it almost immediately strengthened into Tropical Storm Gordon , the seventh named named storm that season .
DND , Ottawa , 1986 .
Pirelli is well known for its long term primary sponsorship of the Italian football team Internazionale .
