All Muslim authorities hold the consensus opinion that only men may lead prayer for men .
He suspected they would be in the area of Binalong due to John Dunn 's relatives living in the area .
The network began airing the remainder of the season on June 13 , 2006 , with the remaining episodes to be burned throughout the summer .
Masanobu Izumi ( born April 8 , 1944 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition , logical volume , and in some cases a virtual disk ( vdisk ) .
Xabier '' Xabi '' Alonso Olano ( ; born 25 November 1981 in Tolosa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish World Cup-winning footballer who currently plays for La Liga club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
Les Pineaux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Most canyons were formed by a process of long-time erosion from a plateau level .
The main valley is bound by the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south .
The warring families ( the Montagues and the Capulets ) are represented as warring business empires and swords are replaced by guns .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Its chief division is Apple Records , which was launched in the same year . Other divisions included Apple Electronics , Apple Films , Apple Publishing , and Apple Retail , whose most notable venture was the ill-fated Apple Boutique in London .
Horowitz 's first European recording , in 1930 , was of Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 3 with Albert Coates and the London Symphony Orchestra , the world premiere recording of that piece .
The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm , the other being the ulna .
A ball bearing is a type of rolling-element bearing that uses balls to maintain the separation between the moving parts of the bearing .
Unalaska is served by the Unalaska City School District .
This type of bunker is a small concrete structure , partly dug into the ground , which is usually a part of a trench system .
White is best known for his The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne (/O1789/O) .
Selected for NASA 's astronaut program in January 1978 , Scobee completed his training in August 1979 .
Josef Alois Krips ( 8 April 190213 October 1974 ) was an Austrian conductor and violinist .
Yehudi Menuhin , Baron Menuhin , OM , KBE ( April 22 , 1916-March 12 , 1999 ) was a Russian Jewish American violinist and conductor who spent most of his performing career in the United Kingdom .
Teasc is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,360 people .
Undated The Siege of Rostock ends .
At the far end of Hollywood Boulevard stands the Sorcerer 's Hat , the icon of Disney 's Hollywood Studios .
They became early activists in the women 's rights movement .
In August 2009 , the town of Kiryat Yam in Israel offered a prize of $ 1 million for anyone who could prove the existence of a mermaid off its coast , after dozens of people reported seeing a mermaid leaping out of the water like a dolphin and doing aerial tricks before returning to the depths .
Events By place Rome January 16 -- The Roman Senate votes Octavian the title of Augustus .
It represents the quantity which passes through the surface '' .
Notwithstanding the 2005 municipal elections and the January 9 , 2005 presidential election , this was the first election to the PLC since 1996 ; subsequent elections had been repeatedly postponed due to the ongoing Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Other animals Brindle coloring exists in cattle .
The song has also achieved commercial success by topping charts in the United States , Sweden , Australia , Switzerland , Canada , Germany , France , the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom , as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries .
Bean Pole International is the name of a South Korean fashion brand and an affiliate company of Samsung .
Khorasan is famous world wide for its saffron and zereshk which are produced in the southern cities of the province .
Fellows Park was a former football stadium in Walsall , England . It was the home ground of Walsall F.C. from 1896 until 1990 , when the team moved to the Bescot Stadium .
Kevin Wesley Love ( born September 7 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The song '' Walk of Life '' , the final single off this album , was released in December 2000 and reached Number 25 in the UK Singles Chart .
The Nissan Micra ( known in Asia , except India as the Nissan March ) is a supermini produced by the Japanese automaker Nissan since 1982 .
Due to the illegal tactics of FBI agents involved with the program , government attorneys requested all weapons - and bomb-related charges be dropped against the Weather Underground , including charges against Ayers .
An iron man , Hutson also led the league in interceptions in 1940 .
Christopher Carl Carter ( born October 13 , 1956 ) is an American screenwriter , film director and producer , best known as the creator of The X-Files and Millennium .
All living Germanic languages belong either to the West Germanic or to the North Germanic branch .
The park includes a variety of natural communities , such as sand pine scrub , pine flatwoods , mangroves , and river swamps .
The leaves are opposite or in whorls of three or four , long and broad , dark green and glossy with a leathery texture .
Her former colleagues acceded to her request , but they made it clear that they wanted a mainstream , patriotic representative , a mother with children in the schools .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Abbottabad Tehsil ( ) is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Three storms hit Mexico within a very short space of time , the Pacific hurricanes Nora and Olaf , and the Atlantic Tropical Storm Larry .
During World War I , on December 24 , 1914 , there was an unofficial ceasefire as France , the United Kingdom , and Germany observed Christmas .
In 1940 , when Norway was invaded by Nazi Germany , Lie ordered all Norwegian ships to sail to Allied ports .
Lennon would describe this song , along with '' Mean Mr. Mustard '' , in The Beatles Anthology as '' a bit of crap I wrote in India '' .
The racial makeup of the village was 85.14 % White , 0.50 % African American , 0.50 % Native American , 11.59 % from other races , and 2.27 % from two or more races .
Juan de la Cosa makes a voyage to South America .
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland .
This phenomenon is called aposematism and works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes with a bad taste ( or worse ) .
A mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests typically in investment securities ( stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , other mutual funds , other securities , and\/or commodities such as precious metals ) .
Until the early 1993 , the race was open for amateur cyclists only and most of its winners came from Poland .
Berlei is a brand of women 's lingerie and in particular bras and girdles .
They experimented with recording techniques at around the age of 10 , using tape machines to layer cut-up samples of found sounds over compositions of their own .
Beyond the original album The album Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs opened to lackluster sales ( the album never reached the charts in Britain ) as with Clapton unmentioned except on the back it appeared to be a double album from an unknown band .
In some fields it is among the top undergraduate institutions in graduate-school enrollment : fifty-six percent of its alumni have at least one graduate degree and it is ranked 30th among all US colleges in the percentage of its graduates who go on to attain a doctorate degree ( notably 1st among history doctorates ) , when adjusted for institutional size .
Ukraine 's glory has not perished , nor has her freedom Upon us , fellow compatriots , fate shall smile once more .
Kyle Broflovski is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
He later had to leave the show prior to its debut for health reasons , but executive producer Joel Silver stated that his imprint would remain : '' He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
The first school opened in 1850 and a Police Station in 1852 .
June is the sixth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar , with a length of 30 days .
Thunderstorms were reported on the island , and maximum reported winds on the island reached 45 mph ( 72 km\/h ) .
Most wildlife biologists are concerned with the preservation and improvement of habitats although reinstatement is increasingly being used .
Paul Felix von Weingartner , EdlerEdler was until 1919 a title of nobility in Austria-Hungary and Germany .
The per capita personal income was $ 24,977 in 2005 .
Bombers accelerate stadium plan The Hamilton Tiger-Cats , Saskatchewan Roughriders and the new Ottawa franchise will also be looking at new or extensively renovated stadiums in the following years .
Layers of ash emitted by the volcano8 .
The European powers had control of other parts of Asia by the 1900s , such as British India , French Indochina and Portuguese Macau and Goa .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta ( born March 28 , 1986 ) , better known by her stage name Lady Gaga , is an American recording artist .
Cursiva refers to a very large variety of forms of black letter ; as with modern cursive writing , there is no real standard form .
It was notable as hosting the first major American appearances by Jimi Hendrix and The Who , as well as the first major public performances of Janis Joplin .
That Council of Chalcedon is one of the First seven Ecumenical Councils accepted by Eastern Orthodox , Catholic , and many Protestant Christian churches .
It was the first Olympic Games held in the Modern era .
Delgadillo 's Snow Cap Drive-In is a historic eatery and roadside attraction located along former Route 66 in Seligman , Arizona USA .
Takamoto first entered the cartoon world after the end of the war .
It is bounded by Kooyong Road in the west , Glen Eira Road in the north , Glenhuntly Road in the south and Booran Road in the east .
The Cat Who Blew the Whistle (/O1995/O)
Something which is easy to understand or explain is simple , in contrast to something complicated .
Montigny-l ` Allier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In probability theory and statistics , the normal distribution , or Gaussian distribution , is an absolutely continuous probability distribution whose cumulants of all orders above two are zero .
When asked which of all the applications of mechanism design he was most pleased to see he said welfare economics .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I ( 1914 - 18 ) , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as ( French for '' the ace '' ) after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
The Empire lasted until Yazdegerd III lost control of his empire in a series of invasions from the Arab Caliphate .
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the north of the district at Location o Jhando Mari , the Union Council has a population of 30,384 .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
Animal feed pellet , a foodstuff produced from various raw materials and additives
They are part of the Southern Carpathians group of the Carpathian Mountains .
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada in Division No. 1 .
Voyager 1s Saturnian flyby occurred in November 1980 , with the closest approach on November 12 , 1980 , when the space probe came within 124000 k of Saturn 's cloud-tops .
The use of a trademark in this way is known as trademark use .
In December 1864 , the decision was made to play games against outside opposition , and it was decided that the club needed to find a bigger venue .
First class is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds business class , premium economy , and economy class .
He was dropped from the broadcasting team and was replaced by Bobby Heenan the following week .
This differentiates the term from more technical ones such as chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons ( CBRN ) .
The station is the point through which pass the west and north-west bound Craigieburn , Flemington Racecourse , Sydenham , Werribee , Williamstown and Upfield suburban railway lines , as well as an interchange point with the Victorian regional network .
doc file , which website should open : Office Live , Gview , or a previewing utility ?
Cleveland is a town in Russell County , Virginia , United States .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
Ryosuke Kijima is a Japanese football player who plays for Machida Zelvia .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
Orders appear everywhere - at least as far as mathematics and related areas , such as computer science , are concerned .
AOL later acquired Mirabilis , the authors of ICQ ; a few years later ICQ ( now owned by AOL ) was awarded two patents for instant messaging by the U.S. patent office .
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released May 30 , 2007 , on Def Jam Recordings .
Timor is an island at the southern end of Maritime Southeast Asia , north of the Timor Sea .
Since about 1990 , the game port has usually been integrated with a PC I\/O or sound card , either ISA or PCI , or as an on-board feature of some motherboards ; before that , it was usually on a dedicated ISA card .
On November 6 , 2008 , 28-year old Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck , eldest son of King Jigme Singye Wangchuck , was crowned King of the Himalayan Kingdom .
He rekindled his feud with The Undertaker , defeating him at SummerSlam following a distraction from his father . Two months later , Orton and his father Bob Orton defeated The Undertaker in a Handicap Casket match .
Partick Thistle Football Club are a professional association football club from Glasgow .
In parts of Australia , a shire is an administrative unit , but it is not synonymous with '' county '' there , which is a land registration unit .
A person accepted into a medical school and enrolled in an educational program in medicine , with the goal of becoming a medical doctor , is referred to as a medical student or student doctor . Medical students are generally considered to be at the earliest stage of the medical career pathway .
Ancient Mediterranean peoples -- including perfumers in Egypt , physicians in Gaza , townspeople in Rhodes , and the Greek hetaerae courtesans -- used saffron in their scented waters , perfumes , ointments , potpourris , mascaras , divine offerings , and medical treatments .
Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March , demanding that he hand over all power to the Austrian National Socialists or face an invasion .
Carnivorous plants appear adapted to grow in places where the soil is thin or poor in nutrients , especially nitrogen , such as acidic bogs and rock outcroppings .
Malabo at britannica.com .
Magazines like Jugend helped spread the style in Germany , especially as a graphic artform , while the Vienna Secessionists influenced art and architecture throughout Austria-Hungary .
Berkeley , California : University of California Press , 2002 However , the plant was decisively shut down by the State of New Jersey a few days later , and Standard was forbidden to manufacture TEL there again without state permission .
History The Altmark is a historical region that covers the territory of this district as well as parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal .
Buxeuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The school only teaches Years 7 and 8 at the moment , but will expand to educating Year 7-12 by 2013 .
The official proper design for a game port-MIDI adapter can be found at this MIDI page .
Pierre Monteux ( April 4 , 1875 -- July 1 , 1964 ) was an orchestra conductor .
Its county seat is Pensacola .
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail .
Microsoft Unveils SQL Server 2000 , Windows 2000 Integration Additionally , Microsoft sold Windows 2000 Advanced Server Limited Edition and Windows 2000 Datacenter Server Limited Edition , which were released in 2001 and run on 64-bit Intel Itanium microprocessors .
Opposition is a term used in positional astronomy to indicate when two celestial bodies are on opposite sides of the sky when viewed from a particular place ( usually the Earth ) .
Sixteen people were sent to the Amazon to compete to win one million dollars .
He currently plays for Al-Ansar in Lebanon .
Faced with frequent skirmishes with French forces , in 1756 the British began to upgrade their fortifications .
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel published in 1939 and written by John Steinbeck , who was awarded the Pulitzer Prize and the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Peujard is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ng , a Chinese surname (
Vaygach Island and the island of Novaya Zemlya form a further continuation of the chain on the north .
Ioan Petru Culianu or Couliano ( 5 January 1950 -- 21 May 1991 ) was a Romanian historian of religion , culture , and ideas , a philosopher and political essayist , and a short story writer .
This can occur only in a reference frame which either has a gravitational field or is accelerating due to a force other than gravity defining a '' downward '' direction ( that is , a non-inertial reference frame ) .
The success of Club Penguin led to New Horizon being purchased by The Walt Disney Company in August 2007 for the sum of 27 billion dollars , with an additional 5 million dollars in bonuses should specific targets be met by 2009 .
After Tom dies , George Shelby eulogizes Tom by saying , '' What a thing it is to be a Christian . ''
At its peak , it was one of the most densely populated and culturally dynamic societies in the world .
Special sets of numbers include : , denoting the set of all primes .
Many fish such as sharks , rays and catfishes can detect electric fields , and are thus electroreceptive , but as they can not generate an electric field they are not classified as electric fish .
According to declarative theory , an entity 's statehood is independent of its recognition by other states .
The saga of an intrepid PAF pilot who humbled the Israelis In 2005 Syria and Pakistan agreed on mutual cooperation in the fields of science and technology .
The Tracey Ullman Show is an American television variety show , hosted by British comedian and onetime pop singer Tracey Ullman .
The population was 1,342 at the 2000 census .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time .
As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name , it is in most regions pronounced , or sometimes .
Templeton is a gluttonous rat who helps Charlotte and Wilbur only when offered food .
It was released in the United States on November 27 , 2007 .
It is the largest city of the country and main port , which borders the Indian Ocean .
Quercus basaseachicensis is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae ( beech ) family .
Illinois State University , founded in 1857 , is the oldest public university in Illinois ; it is located in Normal .
Potigny is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Innovation is a change in the thought process for doing something , or the useful application of new inventions or discoveries .
One story has it that he wanted to sink his teeth into a food that the queen had banned from the royal court -- pizza .
It is conventionally represented by the symbol Z/O. The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Population900 ,000 (/O1991/O)
The oldest known European Yew is the Llangernyw Yew in the Churchyard of Llangernyw village in North Wales , which is estimated to be between 4,000 and 5,000 years old .
In the last 50 years or so heavy industry has declined , and the economy of the town has become increasingly services orientated .
In most countries , full universal suffrage - with the inclusion of women - followed universal male suffrage by about ten to twenty years .
Scene 2 ( Rhapsody and Hunting Song ) : Wozzeck and Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
Living will , a legal document expressing the desires of the author with regard to medical decisions , invoked in the event that the author is incapacitated and unable to act on their own behalf .
Claudius later lifted this restriction for some of his conquering generals .
Its availability on digital terrestrial ( Freeview ) is dependent upon BBCi not showing other interactive services , such as major sports events coverage .
Sibley wrote his classic field guide , The Sibley Guide to Birds , while he was living and birding in Cape May Point .
It is also found in small amounts in certain members of the Fabaceae ( bean family ) , including Acacia berlandieri .
Over the Internet The easiest way to play an electronic sports match is over the Internet .
In 1933 , the Nazis banned and burned Remarque 's works , and issued propaganda stating that he was a descendant of French Jews and that his real last name was Kramer , a Jewish-sounding name , his original name spelled backwards .
Mesa ( '' MACE-uh '' ) is a city in Maricopa County , in the U.S. state of Arizona and is a suburb of Phoenix , within the Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Auld has also played for the New York Rangers , Vancouver Canucks , Florida Panthers , Phoenix Coyotes , Boston Bruins , Ottawa Senators and Dallas Stars of the NHL .
By 1851 there were 15 known asteroids , all but one with their own symbol .
Michaelsberg Abbey or Michelsberg Abbey , also St. Michael 's Abbey , Bamberg ( or Michelsberg ) is a former Benedictine monastery in Bamberg in Bavaria , Germany .
He was succeeded as mayor by Christoph Ahlhaus .
He only got one win in his career , on July 10 , 1993 against the San Diego Padres .
Brendan James Fraser ( born December 3 , 1968 ) is a Canadian-American actor of stage and screen .
Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791 , the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon .
In 1998 , she became the second actress ( after Liza Minnelli ) to win a Golden Globe Award , an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year .
Marco Di Vaio ( born July 15 , 1976 ) is an Italian football striker , who currently plays for Bologna FC .
Konzum is part of the Agrokor company .
In 1982 , the Swiss Heritage Society awarded the Wakker Prize to Avegno for the preservation of its architectural heritage .
This unity is still present today in Eastern Orthodoxy and to a lesser degree in Roman Catholicism .
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged with safeguarding Pakistan from external and internal threats .
Cayce became a celebrity toward the end of his life and the publicity given to his prophecies has overshadowed what to him were usually considered the more important parts of his work , such as healing ( the vast majority of his readings were given for people who were sick ) and theology ( Cayce was a lifelong , devout member of the Disciples of Christ ) .
Some focus on porting games from one system to another .
It is a scalar quantity , the magnitude of the vector of motion .
Amongst Byron 's best-known works are the brief poems She Walks in Beauty , When We Two Parted , and So , we 'll go no more a roving , in addition to the narrative poems Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage and Don Juan .
Mime offers him the poisoned drink .
ARD 's constituent broadcasting institutions -- BR , HR , MDR , NDR , Radio Bremen , RBB , SR , SWR , and WDR ( see below for an explanation of the abbreviations ) , as well as international broadcaster Deutsche Welle -- operate 54 regional and local radio stations and networks , two nationwide radio channels , and seven regional TV networks , some of which split further during certain parts of the day .
Russian criminals who were shipped to Siberia can arguably be regarded as convicts .
Virgin wool is wool spun for the first time .
KWord is a free word processor , a member of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment .
SAC felt the Moroccan bases were much less critical with the long range capability of the B-52 Stratofortresses that were replacing the B-47s and with the completion of the USAF installations in Spain in 1959 .
Alex Shaw born 31 March , 1987 in Maidstone , Kent , England is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
Distribution They are found in scattered areas throughout the world 's oceans , but are concentrated in temperate waters , and are rare or absent in very cold or very warm seas .
John Phillip Key ( born 9 August 1961 ) is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party .
In number theory and algebraic number theory , the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic ( or Unique-Prime-Factorization Theorem ) states that any integer greater than 1 can be written as a unique product ( up to ordering of the factors ) of prime numbers .
They also released two EPs in this time : Sound Out Loud and Kids On Overload .
A Conversion connotes change of a building 's usage .
Boeremusiek is originally European , but once it was brought to South Africa , it gradually changed and became its own style .
The city of Brno is founded in what is now Czech Republic .
Luis caused some damage as it passed 60 miles north of Guadeloupe , especially in north of Grande-Terre and Desirade , where hurricane-force condition affected only those area that result of moderate homes damage and roof , uprooted trees , severe beach erosion while the Basse-Terre region had minor damage as 70 % of banana crops damaged , the mountainous region recorded a 20 inches of rain for 36 hours period .
Germany uses Partnerstadt ( Partner Town\/City ) , France uses Ville Jumelée ( Twinned Town\/City ) .
It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt , and is by far the largest asteroid in the Massalia family .
Union Institute & University , a college specializing in distance learning
The film , The Way Back , is based on a true story and directed by the highly acclaimed Peter Weir .
Zeami also wrote practical instructions for actors and established the Noh theater as a serious art form .
Chigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Under Lemaire , the team roared through the 1993 -- 94 regular season with a lineup including defensemen Scott Stevens , Scott Niedermayer , and Ken Daneyko , forwards Stephane Richer , John MacLean , Bobby Holik , and Claude Lemieux , and goaltenders Chris Terreri and Martin Brodeur , who was honored as the league 's top rookie with the Calder Memorial Trophy .
He is best known for his time in Ring of Honor ( ROH ) , where he is a former ROH World Champion .
The antibodies will attack the antigens on any other blood type .
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by some three million Karen people .
MedlinePlus =
He is also the current captain of the Irish national team , where he has 100 caps .
Less than a hundred years later , this movement , under the patronage of Lorenzo de ' Medici , was characterized by Giorgio Vasari as a '' golden age '' , a thought , suitably enough , he expressed at the head of his Vita of Botticelli .
This same New York City off-Broadway theater was also the musical 's initial home following its official January 25 , 1996 opening .
They explored in the vicinity of Peninj near the lake , where Richard was in charge of the administrative details .
Coatbridge is a town in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , about 10 m east of Glasgow city center , set in the central Lowlands of Scotland .
The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is a 700-page report released for the British government on October 30 , 2006 by economist Nicholas Stern , chair of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics and also chair of the Centre for Climate Change Economics and Policy ( CCCEP ) at Leeds University and LSE .
Pistoia remained a Florentine holding except for a brief period in the 14th century , when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca , and was officially annexed to Florence in 1530 .
On March 31 , 2006 , the amateur radio operators from AMSAT in Germany tracked and received radio waves from Voyager 1 using the 20 m dish at Bochum with a long integration technique .
The McGurk effect is a perceptual phenomenon which demonstrates an interaction between hearing and vision in speech perception .
The federal government moved in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi ( provisional capital until Islamabad was finished ) , whilst the federal legislature moved to Dhaka .
Avesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
About 60 % of the seminal fluid in humans originates from the seminal vesicles , but is not expelled in the first ejaculate fractions which are dominated by spermatozoa and zinc-rich prostatic fluid .
Balsam Lake is a village in , and the county seat of , Polk County , Wisconsin , United States .
Maryport is a town and civil parish within the Allerdale borough of Cumbria , England , in the historic county of Cumberland . It is located on the A596 road north of Workington , and is the southernmost town on the Solway Firth .
In general the truth table does not lead to an efficient implementation ; a minimization procedure , using Karnaugh maps , the Quine -- McCluskey algorithm or an heuristic algorithm is required for reducing the circuit complexity .
C. Capelli , N. Redhead , N. Novelletto , L. Terrenato , P. Malaspina , Z. Poulli , G. Lefranc , A. Megarbane , V. Delague , V. Romano , F. Cali , V.F. Pascali , M. Fellous , A.E. Felice , and D.B. Goldstein ; '' Population Structure in the Mediterranean Basin : A Y Chromosome Perspective , '' Annals of Human Genetics , 69 , 1-20 , 2005 .
Mixing green and blue produces shades of cyan , and mixing red and blue produces shades of purple , including magenta .
A simple example of this is a single loop of wire with some constant current flowing through it .
He is the only member aside from founder and guitarist Oscar Dronjak to appear on all of the band 's albums .
Kingston is a village in Green Lake County , Wisconsin , United States .
John Russell , 1st Earl Russell , KG , GCMG , PC ( 18 August 1792 -- 28 May 1878 ) , known as Lord John Russell before 1861 , was an English Whig and Liberal politician who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century .
Boys Do n't Cry is a 1999 American independent drama film based on the real-life story of Brandon Teena , a transgender man who was raped and murdered on December 31 , 1993 by male friends after they found out Teena had female genitalia .
An action figure is a posable character figurine , made of plastic or other materials , and often based upon characters from a movie , comic book , video game , or television program .
The Benrath line In the German language theory the Benrath line is the border line between the Northern German and the Southern German idiom , although on both side of the line there is a Rhinish dialect .
The university 's athletic teams are called the Panthers .
The leaves are four to seven cm long , weakly lobed or coarsely toothed , dark green above , paler beneath , with the leaf margins often downcurved .
As with previous games , most story missions can be played in non-linear order .
Wismes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although the Qin Dynasty destroyed the kingdoms of Shu and Ba , the Qin government accelerated the technological and agricultural advancements of Sichuan making it comparable to that of the Huang He ( Yellow River ) Valley .
Announced in 1996 by Geoffrey Marcy and R. Paul Butler , 70 Virginis was one of the first stars confirmed to have planets orbiting it .
The Xbox 360 competes with Sony 's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles .
Northeast or north east is the ordinal direction halfway between north and east .
Hurwicz had no degree in economics .
The World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) Divas Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment .
It will host football games during the early stages of the commonwealth football tournament and it will also host the athletics track and field events .
Childhood Andy Warhol was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The current constitution dates from 1997 .
A week later , he experienced complications which prompted additional surgery to implant a defibrillator .
Afghanistan : Taliban Preps for Bloody Assault , Newsweek .
id Software is an American video game development company with its headquarters in Mesquite , Texas .
He was educated at Larchfield Academy ( now part of Lomond School ) in Helensburgh ; the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College ( which later became the University of Strathclyde ) ; and the University of Glasgow .
Vacognes-Neuilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In Super Mario Galaxy , the Spin is primarily used for melee attacks , as it can stun enemies and shatter objects , and is used to trigger special propellers called '' Sling Stars '' or '' Launch Stars '' that launch Mario across large distances through space .
The square mile ( abbreviated as sq mi and sometimes as mi ) is an imperial and US unit of measure for an area equal to the area of a square of one statute mile .
Michigan State University ( MSU ) is a public research university in East Lansing , Michigan USA .
Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or , more recently , with either nylon or steel strings .
Widely known in Indonesia by his initials '' SBY '' , he was sworn into office on 20 October 2004 , together with Jusuf Kalla as Vice President , and again on 20 October 2009 , together with Boediono as Vice President .
In 1535 Foxe was admitted to Magdalen College School , where he may either have been improving his Latin or acting as a junior instructor .
GRUB is the reference implementation of the Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer , or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions .
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich ( Odin den ' Ivana Denisovicha ) is a novel written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn , first published in November 1962 in the Soviet literary magazine Novy Mir ( New World ) .
Kites have long wings and relatively weak legs .
The PAD dress in yellow , the royal color , and claim that they are defending King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the monarchy against the alleged disloyalty of Thaksin .
The Xserve can be used for a variety of applications , including file server , web server or even high-performance computing applications using clustering - a dedicated cluster Xserve , the Xserve Cluster Node , without a video card and optical drives was also available .
The 5th century is the period from 401 to 500 in accordance with the Julian calendar in Anno Domini\/Common Era .
The United Service Organizations Inc. ( USO ) is a private , nonprofit organization that provides morale and recreational services to members of the U.S. military , with programs in 140 centers worldwide .
Adam Crook - lead vocals ( 1999-2002 )
It runs through Perth 's northern suburbs , mostly traversing the median strip of the Mitchell Freeway , and connects between Perth and Clarkson .
Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the '' second classicism '' : perfect sculpture-in-the-round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .
He formed and commanded an important revolutionary force , the Liberation Army of the South , during the Mexican Revolution .
Rikki-Tikki-Tavi is a short story in The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) by Rudyard Kipling about the adventures of a valiant young mongoose .
The musical film is a film genre in which several songs sung by the characters are interwoven into the narrative .
In dry air at , the speed of sound is .
The tramway today runs from Starr Gate in Blackpool to the Ferry Terminus in Fleetwood .
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine ( ; ) is Ukraine 's parliament .
The Secretary of Defense earns a salary of $ 191,300 per year .
In the far west of the National Park , the gibber plains are replaced by sandhills of the Strzelecki Desert .
The park is rich in marine life , including whale sharks , ocean sunfish , manta rays , eagle rays , pygmy seahorse , false pipefish , clown frogfish , nudibranchs , blue-ringed octopus , sponges , tunicates , and coral .
Located in one of the holiest sites in the old city of Damascus , it is of great architectural importance .
Other uses of this term include :
For more details see : Northern Ireland Neighbourhood Information ServiceNorthern Ireland Neighbourhood Information Service website .
In 1980 he was elected as Mayor of Cagayan de Oro City in Misamis Oriental , ousted from the mayoral position by Marcos and reinstated after massive popular demonstrations in 1981 , and arrested again in 1982 and 1985 .
In common years January starts on the same day of the week as October , but no other month starts on the same day of the week as October in leap years as the month begins on the same day of the week as August of the previous year . October ends on the same day of the week as February every year and January in common years only .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN , ) is a non-profit corporation headquartered in Marina del Rey , California , United States that was created on September 18 , 1998 , and incorporated on September 30 , 1998California Secretary of State , Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers .
By sixteen , Hahn had completed the Curtis Institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain for several years to pursue elective courses , until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Music degree .
Hurst was born in Lancashire , England , the eldest of three brothers .
Following this , she earned a Ph.D. at the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London in 1985 .
He also called it '' conventional and generally predictable '' with problems in pacing .
Constable 's watercolors were also remarkably free for their time : the almost mystical Stonehenge , 1835 , with its double rainbow , is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolors ever painted .
Young is the Cherry Capital Of Australia and every year hosts the National Cherry Festival .
It is the result of the deformation of spacetime caused by a very compact mass/O. .
The new king Leo II was known as a pious king , devoted to Christianity .
He is subsequently summoned before Archbishop of Canterbury , Simon of Sudbury , at the episcopal palace at Lambeth to defend his actions .
( See also : Data dependency ) If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time , giving an ILP of 3\/2 .
In geometry , the tangent line ( or simply the tangent ) to a curve at a given point is the straight line that '' just touches '' the curve at that point ( in the sense explained more precisely below ) .
The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902 , because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan , Egypt .
Elba , Encyclopedia Britannica The island was then taken by force by the Etruscans first and ( after 480 BC ) by the Romans .
In addition to its civilian employees , NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps .
It was endemic to Jamaica .
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as ` Achmed Sukarno ' .
He held this position until 1978 when he stepped down to become undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution .
This is an expensive commuter area and Hassocks is near the top end for property prices in the region , though it is not quite as expensive as neighbouring Ditchling and Hurstpierpoint .
The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore is the cathedral church ( Duomo ) of Florence , Italy , begun in 1296 in the Gothic style to the design of Arnolfo di Cambio and completed structurally in 1436 with the dome engineered by Filippo Brunelleschi .
It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
HMS Ocean , an active Helicopter Landing Platform of the Royal Navy , is Sunderland 's adopted ship .
Jermaine La Jaune Jackson ( born December 11 , 1954 ) is an American singer , bassist , composer , a member of The Jackson 5 , older brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson and occasional film director .
Zeta ( letter ) , the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
The Library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
Year 36 ( XXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
It encompasses the combined area of Derbyshire , Leicestershire , Rutland , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire and most of Lincolnshire .
Brandon later spoke of the martial arts and self-knowledge : In 1992 , Lee landed the lead role of Eric Draven , in the movie adaptation of The Crow , a popular underground comic book .
The Kindle 2 features a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and 2 GB of internal memory of which 1.4 GB is user-accessible .
The values stored in memory locations labeled ` A ' and ` B ' are loaded ( copied ) into the R1 and R2 registers , then added , and the result ( which is in register R3 ) is stored in a memory location labeled ` C ' .
It also entered at number one on Billboards R&B \/O/ Hip-Hop Albums and Rap Albums chart . In its second week , the album dropped to number two on the Billboard 200 and sold 157,000 copies .
Cairon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hugo Miguel Ferreira Gomes Viana ( ; born 15 January 1983 in Barcelos ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting de Braga as a central midfielder .
Silk is a natural protein fiber , some forms of which can be woven into textiles .
eMedicineTopic = 221
After his father was forced from office due to his opposition to the government appeasement policy towards the Jurchen in 1140 , Zhu Xi received instruction from his father at home .
The dress rehearsal is often the last set of rehearsals before the concert performance and falls at the end of technical week .
These qualities are indeed most noticeable when again compared with the German genius , excelling as it does in long , uninhibited outpourings , directly opposed to the French taste , which abhors overstatement and venerates concision and diversity .
Her mother died when she was still a little girl .
Domitian 's Dacian War , two punitive expeditions mounted as a border defense against raids of Moesia from Dacia in 86 & ndash ; 87 AD ordered by the Emperor Titus Flavius Domitianus against Dacia and the Dacian king Decebalus
It is the second season of the Total Drama series , which began with Total Drama Island .
The host city selection was held in Birmingham , United Kingdom on June 15 , 1991 at the 97th IOC Session .
Well-known species of the Euphausiidae of commercial krill fisheries include Antarctic krill ( Euphausia superba ) , Pacific krill ( Euphausia pacifica ) and Northern krill ( Meganyctiphanes norvegica ) .
Pensacola Christian College ( PCC ) is an unaccredited , fundamentalist , Independent BaptistSoulforce Information on PCC PCC 's Articles of Faith college in Pensacola , Florida , founded in 1974 by Arlin Horton .
When sniffed , snuff often causes a sneeze .
Armistice Day was observed in New Zealand between the world wars , although it was always secondary to Anzac Day . As in other countries , New Zealand 's Armistice Day was converted to Remembrance Day after World War II , but this was not a success .
Montaudin is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The playing team consists of six field players and one goalkeeper with a maximum of six substitutes .
Henri Matisse ( 31 December 1869 -- 3 November 1954 ) was a French artist , known for his use of colour and his fluid , brilliant and original draughtsmanship .
The Socialist Party ( Parti socialiste , PS ) is the largest left-wing political party in France .
The club left Maine Road in May 2003 and relocated to the City of Manchester Stadium , with their old stadium being demolished in early 2004 .
Use only the following wiki syntax : Title The title is contained in double equals signs .
Seidl had worked as Wagner 's assistant , was famous for conducting Wagner 's music .
James Vernon Taylor ( born March 12 , 1948 ) is a Grammy Award winning American singer-songwriter and guitarist born in Boston , Massachusetts , and raised in Carrboro , North Carolina .
Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written , it is not a pilot , but a holiday special , and serves the introductory functions of a pilot .
There are various types of train designed for particular purposes .
Oconto Falls ( town )
Other names include Cochito , Gulf of California Harbor Porpoise , Gulf of California Porpoise , Gulf Porpoise , Hafenschweinswal , and Marsouin du Golfe de Californie .
Choking back tears , Clarkson performed the ballad '' A Moment Like This '' , the song written for the winner of American Idol , which would subsequently appear on her debut album , Thankful .
Before the days of cultured pearls , black pearls were rare and highly valued for the simple reason that white pearl oysters rarely produced naturally black pearls , and black pearl oysters rarely produced any natural pearls at all .
Likewise , in the UK , Australia , and New Zealand the term mainly refers to a colourless , carbonated , sweet soft drink containing either natural or artificial lemon flavor , such as Schweppes Lemonade .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 2002/2003 season was contested by 18 teams .
The latter were of Qahtani origin and spoke Yemeni-Arabic as well as Greek who protected the south-eastern frontiers of the Roman and Byzantine Empires in north Arabia .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Banks Island is situated in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Slade trips and is caught in his own trap and drops his gun just out of reach .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2007 p. 29 .
Takamoto was born on April 29 , 1925 in Los Angeles , California .
Eminem tells of how he has tried to overcome the troubles in his life from the past few years , mainly his drug addiction and rehabilitation .
Compared with most other classes of natural compounds , alkaloids are characterized by a great structural diversity and there is no uniform classification of alkaloids .
Although reluctant at first , Keenan agreed and , in 1990 , Tool was formed .
It was released on the same day as the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown .
It is considered a defining novel of the alternate history sub-genre , and is the only Dick novel to win a Hugo Award .
The Colosseum is today one of Rome 's most popular tourist attractions , receiving millions of visitors annually .
Early on May 29 , Tropical Depression One nearly attained tropical storm status , with intensity estimates using the Dvorak Technique reaching T2 .5 , or 40 mph ( 65 km/h ) ; however , the estimates were also as low as T1 .5 , leading to the intensity of the depression remaining at 35 mph ( 55 km/h ) .
Article content policies such as WP : Original Research generally do not , though would apply should the material be moved into the namespace .
; Hiro Yamamoto Active : 1984 - 1989 Instruments : bass Release contributions : Deep Six ( 1986 ) , Screaming Life ( 1987 ) , Fopp ( 1988 ) , Ultramega OK ( 1988 ) , Louder Than Love ( 1989 ) Hiro Yamamoto was a member of the original band formed in 1984 .
The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm near Abington in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Cozumel is a tourist destination for its balnearios , scuba diving , and snorkeling .
Prior to the privatisation of MTRC , MTR stations only had branches of the Hang Seng Bank , and Maxim 's Cakes stores , and a handful of other shops .
Setting Glamis is set in the broad and fertile lowland valley of Strathmore , near Forfar , county town of Angus , which lies between the Sidlaw Hills to the south and the Grampian Mountains to the north , approximately 20 kilometres inland from the North Sea .
Hammon ) , was a deity in Egyptian mythology who in the form of Amun-Ra became the focus of the most complex system of theology in Ancient Egypt .
Such accounts should be publicly connected to the main account or use an easily identified name .
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007 .
Mergoscia is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Historically , '' army ant '' referred , in the broad sense , to various members of 5 different ant subfamilies : in two of these cases , the Ponerinae and Myrmicinae , it is only a few species and genera that exhibit legionary behavior ; in the other three lineages , Ecitoninae , Dorylinae , and Leptanillinae , all of the constituent species are legionary .
During the night , as Burton and Jon went away from camp to talk about strategy , Sandra called Tijuana to come with her and listen to Burton and Jon 's strategic talk .
This is a popular color in both men 's and women 's fashion , for furniture and for linens .
Katharine Lee Bates was moved to write the words to the famous song '' America the Beautiful '' in July , 1893 , after having traveled to the top of Pikes Peak on a carriage ride .
After World War II , the number of students tripled as the institution became a major university .
The nave is generally considerably taller than the aisles , having clerestory windows which light the central space .
The 250 MB of internal memory in the Amazon Kindle 1 can hold approximately 200 non-illustrated titles , and the memory is expandable with an SD memory card .
By the late 19th century , caid was in steep decline and was threatened with extinction , spurring the formation of the GAA which published official rules for the game in 1887 also adopting aspects of the earlier codified sport - hurling .
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Three of the seven charter members , Alabama -- Huntsville , Bemidji State , and Findlay , had recently moved up from Division II , while Air Force , Army , and Niagara were formerly independent .
Initially intelligence agents of the National Party met in secret with ANC leaders , including Nelson Mandela , to judge whether conflict resolution was possible .
The size of a litter averages three to five kittens , with the first litter usually smaller than subsequent litters .
On December 8 , 1967 , the California Seals were renamed the Oakland Seals before being renamed again to the California Golden Seals in 1970 .
The 1881 robbery of the Sexton Bank at Riverton was suspected to be the work of Jesse James , but it was soon determined to be the work of the outlaw Poke Wells .
Homo floresiensis ( '' Flores Man '' ; nicknamed Hobbit ) is a possible species in the genus Homo , remarkable for its small body and brain and for its survival until relatively recent times .
However it has had long-standing close relations with its other neighbors Afghanistan , Iran and China , extensive security and economic interests in the Persian Gulf and wide-ranging bilateral relations with the United States and other Western countries .
It was released in 1970 after Lennon issued three experimental albums with Yoko Ono and Live Peace In Toronto 1969 , a live performance in Toronto credited to The Plastic Ono Band .
David Sheepshanks is the joint-acting Chairman of The FA . He is best known for being the former chairman of Ipswich Town Football Club in the Football League Championship in England .
Heart of Neolithic Orkney refers to a group of Neolithic monuments found on the Mainland , one of the islands of Orkney , Scotland .
The earth went from the Oligocene Epoch through the Miocene and into the Pliocene as it cooled into a series of Ice Ages .
Although it is commonly believed that the genus was named by Georges Cuvier in 1825 , Cuvier spelled it Loxodonte .
They are a type of eccentric yogi in both Hinduism and Vajrayana Buddhism .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Rajanpur - Government of Pakistan It comprises an area of about 8-10 square kilometres and has a population of almost 1,20,000 .
The Zygnematacae are a family of filamentous or unicellular , uniseriate ( unbranched ) green algae .
He plays as a midfielder for Vissel Kobe .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
The maximum recorded wind was 50 mph ( 80 km\/h ) while the storm was at peak intensity , while the minimum recorded pressure was 995 mbar as Nicole was being absorbed by the extratropical storm .
The previous highest position Hull City had finished in the English Football League was third in the old second division in 1909 -- 10 , which they matched in 2007 -- 08 when they gained promotion .
Other attractions in Riverside include the Fox Performing Arts Center , Riverside Metropolitan Museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the California Museum of Photography , the California Citrus State Historic Park , and the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree , one of the two original orange trees in California .
She is a spokesperson for the Cool Kids Campaign , an organization that helps children with cancer .
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field ( HUDF ) is an image of a small region of space in the constellation Fornax , composited from Hubble Space Telescope data accumulated over a period from September 24 , 2003 through to January 16 , 2004 .
Torcé-en-Vallée is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Feed .
In other buildings , the fourth floor is sometimes labeled '' F '' ( Four ) instead of '' 4 '' in elevators .
Actor Emile Hirsch was cast as Speed , the hero of the animated series , and Christina Ricci portrays Speed 's girlfriend , Trixie .
She believes that her experience in the test , in which she risked having her jaws ripped apart , has made her a better person .
Woodward 's Wallaroo ( Macropus bernardus ) , also known as the Black Wallaroo and Bernard 's Wallaroo , is a species of macropod restricted to a small , mountainous area in Arnhem Land , Northern Territory , between South Alligator River and Nabarlek .
A carriage with its horse is a rig .
It is a picturesque small town in Upper Valais , situated at the foot of the northern slope of the Simplon Pass , on the right bank of the Saltine stream , and a little above its junction with the Rhone .
Soldering is a process in which two or more metal items are joined together by melting and flowing a filler metal into the joint , the filler metal having a relatively low melting point .
Imaginary numbers can therefore be thought of as complex numbers where the real part is zero , and vice versa .
Undertaking activities that are not authorized by the status of entry ( for example , working while possessing a non-worker tourist status ) can result in the individual being deemed deportable -- commonly referred to as an illegal alien .
It has a similar , but lesser , effect to caffeine in the human nervous system , making it a lesser homolog .
Maschio played 12 games for the Argentina national football team between 1956 and 1957 , scoring 12 goals , he helped Argentina to win the Copa America 1957 , he was the top scorer in the tournament with 6 goals .
There had been several years of pressure from Germany and there were many supporters within Austria for the '' Heim ins Reich '' - movement , both Nazis and non-Nazis .
The car caught fire after the heavy impact , which in fact split the monocoque , but thanks to the quick work of the firefighters and medical personnel Berger survived and missed only one race ( the 1989 Monaco Grand Prix ) because of burns on his hands .
While some Vaccinium species , such as the Red Huckleberry , are always called huckleberries , other species may be called blueberries or huckleberries depending upon local custom .
At the time the crowns of Great Britain and Hannover were united under George II .
It made $ 92,977,226 in the United States and a total of $ 85 million in other countries for a grand total of $ 178 million internationally .
His play The Persians is a source of information about this period in Greek history .
Most members of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( Mormons ) wear special temple garments after they have been endowed in a temple to help them remember the teachings of the temple .
The most comprehensive archaeological survey , using advanced technologies , has recently concluded that the entire Great Wall , with all of its branches , stretches for .
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac , OM , FRS ( ; 8 August 1902 -- 20 October 1984 ) was a British theoretical physicist .
Subterrain (/O2001/O) , also as executive producer
Saint-Denis is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris , France .
Cable news channels such as BBC News , Fox News , MSNBC , and CNN , are able to take advantage of a story , sacrificing other , decidedly less important stories , and giving as much detail about breaking news as possible .
In America , the Trafficking Victims Protection Act ( TVPA ) of 2000 extended servitude to cover peonage as well as Involuntary Servitude .
In that case , it is used as a catalyst to speed up a chemical reaction .
Pholcus phalangioides has the habit of shaking its web violently when disturbed .
In 1999 , Monroe was ranked as the sixth greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute .
Acanthomyops californicus ( Wheeler , 1917 )
In the modern era , middleweight means that the fighter 's official weight does not exceed 160 pounds ( 72.64 kg ) .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
Administratively , the Maluku Islands formed a single province from 1950 until 1999 .
Carloman II ( c. 866 12 December 884 ) , King of Western Francia , was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde of Burgundy , and became king , jointly with his brother Louis III of France , on his father 's death in 879 .
Exposure to large amounts of naphthalene may damage or destroy red blood cells .
The process of glacier establishment , growth and flow is called glaciation .
REN21 (/O2008/O) .
Ebba von Sydow ( born February 18 , 1981 in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is a Swedish journalist , TV personality , fashion blogger and author .
This feature can also be used to debug a machine whose operating system has crashed , and in some systems for remote-console operations .
Euler 's early formal education started in Basel , where he was sent to live with his maternal grandmother .
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB ( operating as H&M ) , is a Swedish clothing company , known for its fast fashion clothing offerings for women , men , teenagers and children .
kerfeldt stating he was having an anxiety attack and could not perform , forcing the band to cancel the show .
There are currently 79 Districts .
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is the second borough of Berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former East Berlin borough of Friedrichshain and the former West Berlin borough of Kreuzberg .
Camellias have a fast growth rate .
Henry was eventually crowned King of England at Westminster Abbey on 6 November 1429 , a month before his eighth birthday , and , in reaction to Charles VII Valois coronation in Reims cathedral on July 17 1429 , King of France at Notre Dame de Paris on 16 December 1431 .
Yuya Iwadate ( born 25 May 1985 ) is a Japanese football player , who currently plays for TTM Phichit F.C. .
He occasionally fills in at full back for Arsenal and played several games in central midfield while on loan to Birmingham City .
It is now divided into the council areas of Falkirk , Stirling , and Clackmannanshire , which had previously been districts within Central .
These were later supplemented by a number of cars of 1972 Mark I Tube Stock converted to be compatible with the 1967 stock .
Pig is a simple folk jeopardy dice game first described in print by John Scarne in 1945 .
The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas ; this system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels which emerge eventually into open channels whose flow can be directed and regulated .
Like other marsupials in the macropod family ( such as the kangaroos and wallabies ) , the Quokka is herbivorous and mainly nocturnal .
Serbia , Montenegro and Romania become completely independent of the Ottoman empire .
Joscius becomes Archbishop of Tyre .
' is the provisional designation of an unconfirmed object seen orbiting Saturn within the inner strand of the F ring on June 21 , 2004 .
Aventura is located at .
Pleasureville is in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky .
Hundreds of letters poured in that were characterized by , as Jackson put it , '' bewilderment , speculation and old-fashioned abuse . ''
The Finke River was named by John McDouall Stuart in 1860 after an Adelaide man , William Finke , who was one of the promoters of his expedition .
The first suggestion for a name came from Galle , who proposed the name Janus .
According to a stand up video posted on YouTube.com , Mandel mentions that they are working on new episodes .
Pot Noodle is a brand of ramen-style instant noodle snack foods , available in a wide selection of flavors and varieties .
Those peoples inhabited the Eastern , Central and Southern part of the Balkan peninsula , as well as the adjacent parts of Central-Eastern Europe .
Project Sourceberg started officially when it received its own temporary URL on November 24 , 2003 ; all texts and discussions were moved there from ps.wikipedia.org .
After the People Power Revolution , he was appointed by President Corazon Aquino as Minister of Local Government and Presidential advisor/chief negotiator with the Muslim insurgents in Mindanao .
He raised the orchestra to a virtuosic level before leaving in 1891 to found the Chicago Symphony , taking 13 Philharmonic musicians with him .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands lives and works in The Hague .
The term '' legislation '' is sometimes used to include these situations , or the term '' primary legislation '' may be used to exclude these other forms .
; Read-after-write ( RAW ) : A read from a register or memory location must return the value placed there by the last write in program order , not some other write .
They were the second variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five classes ( Class 313/314/315 / 507/508 ) .
In the first Constitution of 1958 , Malagasy and French were named the official languages of the Malagasy Republic .
Corn is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France .
Dasyatis
Diabetes and its treatments can cause many complications .
In 1910 , Colonel Charles W. Harris , head of the Arizona National Guard , designed a flag for the Arizona Rifle Team when they attended the National Matches at Camp Perry .
Dexter is an American television drama series that centers on Dexter Morgan ( Michael C. Hall ) , a forensic bloodstain pattern analyst for the Miami Metro Police Department who moonlights as a serial killer .
Iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to My Chemical Romance and the other bands signed to his label .
Hary is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The first man to witness a live cell under a microscope was Anton van Leeuwenhoek ( although the first man to make a compound microscope was Zacharias Janssen ) , who in 1674 described the algae Spirogyra and named the moving organisms animalcules , meaning '' little animals '' .
He is buried where he died which was in his wife Aisha 's house and is now housed within the Mosque of the Prophet in Medina .
Passenger services ceased on October 1 , 1909 , but were reinstated for the benefit of munitions workers between March 1 , 1915 and July 1 , 1919 .
Having won everything on the Junior level , Asada moved to the senior level for the 2005 - 2006 season and competed on the Grand Prix circuit . This choice was made knowing that Asada would not be eligible to compete at the 2006 Winter Olympics , because the age standards for the Olympic and ISU championship competitions were different from those for the Grand Prix .
Sonneberg is a city in Thuringia , Germany , which is seat of the district Sonneberg .
It is located above the town of Melk on a rocky outcrop overlooking the river Danube in Lower Austria , adjoining the Wachau valley .
The '' Greater Antilles '' refers to Cuba , Jamaica , Hispaniola ( Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) , and Puerto Rico .
On October 2 , 2009 , the International Olympic Committee selected Rio de Janeiro to host the 2016 Summer Olympic Games .
Galileo initially called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera ( '' Cosimo 's stars '' ) , in honor of Cosimo II de ' Medici ( 1590 - 1621 ) .
The upper side of the wings is black with one row of red crescents along the hind wing margin .
A veritable epidemic of vampirism swept through Eastern Europe beginning in the late 17th century and continuing through the 1700s .
Excerpt : '' One of the key figures whose views came under attack was the Persian philosopher and scientist Ibn Sina ( also known as Avicenna ; 980-1037 ) '' '' G ) David Edward Cooper , Jitendranath Mohanty , Ernest Sosa , '' Epistemology : the classic readings '' , Wiley-Blackwell , 1999 .
The other reason was the failure of the Goulding leadership to provide for the defense of nationalist areas .
The Bretons are an ethnic group located in the region of Brittany in France .
Corbehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In Finnish stories though , they are more often referred to as giants who built several castles and lived in various regions of Finland .
Giardia lamblia ( synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis ) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
Lilo & Stitch : The Series is the animated television spinoff of the feature film , Lilo & Stitch and the follow up to Stitch !
Captain America : The First Avenger is an upcoming 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America .
Some euphemisms are intended to amuse .
Live USBs are closely related to live CDs , but sometimes have the ability to save settings and permanently install software packages back onto the USB device .
Australia has three standard time zones from GMT : western ( UTC +08 ) , central ( ) and eastern ( UTC +10 ) .
Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In the episode , Homer tells Moe Szyslak of a secret alcoholic cocktail that includes cough syrup and fire that he calls '' Flaming Homer '' .
Canonically it is a continuation of the original Cinderella , rather than Cinderella II : Dreams Come True , though due to its unusual chronological sequencing it acknowledges the events of ' by using some of its characters .
In a genetic algorithm , a population of strings ( called chromosomes or the genotype of the genome ) , which encode candidate solutions ( called individuals , creatures , or phenotypes ) to an optimization problem , evolves toward better solutions .
Toscanini was the first non-German conductor to appear at Bayreuth ( 1930 - 1931 ) , and the New York Philharmonic was the first non-German orchestra to play there .
Billy Graham has conducted many evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
Fontane 's books about Britain include Ein Sommer in London ( 1854 ) , Aus England , Studien und Briefe ( 1860 ) and Jenseits des Tweed , Bilder und Briefe aus Schottland ( 1860 ) .
It is the first game in the Mega Man X series .
Goebel was known as the '' Quad King '' because of his ability to land quadruple jumps .
Since bursting onto the international stage at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , he has become well-known for his knack of scoring headers and his front-flip goal celebration routine .
The cemetery was dedicated on November 19 , 1863 .
Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , Administrative Units of District Abbottabad the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
In these clinics , the injury or illness may not be serious enough to warrant a visit to an emergency room , but the person can be moved to one if required .
Department of Statistics
The Pennine Alps ( also : Valais Alps ) are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps .
Between 1936 and 1945 it was called Saarlautern , when the Nazi government attempted to conceal the name 's French origin .
They are often used to create separation or merge lanes during road construction projects or automobile accidents , although heavier , more permanent markers or signs are used if the diversion is to stay in place for a long period of time .
All of the radioactive bromine isotopes are relatively short lived .
He subsequently developed multiple organ failure and died at 7:50 a.m. on December 26 at the age of 88 .
Rhode Island was the first of the thirteen colonies to renounce its allegiance to the British Crown , on May 4 , 1776 . It was also the last colony of the thirteen colonies to ratify the United States Constitution on May 29 , 1790 , once assurances were made that a Bill of Rights would become part of the Constitution .
Kenneth Wayne Shamrock ( born Kenneth Wayne Kilpatrick ; February 11 , 1964 ) is an American mixed martial arts ( MMA ) fighter , a UFC Hall of Famer and also a professional wrestler .
A finger is a type of digit , an organ of manipulation and sensation found in the hands of humans and other primates .
The only town of any size is Kaunakakai , which is also the chief port on the island .
By 1930 , the book A Dictionary of Color identified three major shades of lavender- ( floral ) lavender , lavender gray , and lavender blue , and in addition a fourth shade of lavender called old lavender ( a dark lavender gray ) ( all four of these shades of lavender are shown below ) .
The Complutense University of Madrid ( , UCM ) is among the oldest universities in the world and is the top public university in Spain .
The early era of space exploration was driven by a '' Space Race '' between the Soviet Union and the United States ; the launch of the first man-made object to orbit the Earth , the USSR 's Sputnik 1 , on October 4 , 1957 , and the first Moon landing by the American Apollo 11 craft on July 20 , 1969 are often taken as the boundaries for this initial period .
The tehsil Chaubara is almost barren and consists of forest and sand dunes .
For example , the pasteurization standards for cream differ from the standards for fluid milk , and the standards for pasteurizing cheese are designed to preserve the phosphatase enzyme , which aids in cutting .
More than two thirds of palm species live in tropical forests , where some species grow tall enough to form part of the canopy and shorter ones form part of the understory .
Region is most commonly a geographical term that is used in various ways among the different branches of geography .
A drawback to the small size is that they are easily misplaced , left behind , or otherwise lost .
Isbergues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable period of time .
August 15 -- Anthony of Padua , Portuguese preacher and saint ( d. 1231 )
The Albion Hotel , once a Cobb and Co. stage coach stop , has tunnels situated underneath which were used during the gold rush to convey gold and money to and from the banks to minimize the chance of theft .
As the tip of the tube reaches a synergid , it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization .
Book of Wisdom or Wisdom of Solomon or simply Wisdom is one of the deuterocanonical books of the Bible .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Sycorax and Prospero , suggesting common origin .
The population of Gbangbatoke is predominantly from the Mede ethnic group and the Mende language is widely spoken .
Barbara Pierce Bush ( born November 25 , 1981 ; Dallas , Texas ) is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters ( the other is Jenna Hager , née Bush ) of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush , and the granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush .
There is also a Police Station .
Wheaton College was founded in 1860 .
His campaigns of reconquest culminated in the Battle of Kadesh , where he led Egyptian armies against those of the Hittite king Muwatalli II and was caught in history 's first recorded military ambush , but thanks to the arrival of the Ne ` arin , Ramesses was able to rally his troops and turn the tide of battle against the Hittites .
Ghoul is a monster that was used to frighten little children in the old times , so here the ghoul is used to frighten not only little children , but adults as well .
Play-by-play and color commentary is provided by Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth , respectively .
The American Naturalist 74:54 -- 66 This work continued with the 1947 paper '' Types of polyploids : their classification and significance '' , which detailed a system for the classification of polyploids and described Stebbins ' ideas about the role of paleopolyploidy in angiosperm evolution , where he argued that chromosome number may be a useful tool for the construction of phylogenies .
During a match between Buff Bagwell and Booker T for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship , WWF wrestlers Kurt Angle and WWF Champion Stone Cold Steve Austin interfered in retaliation by beating Booker T up , with Bagwell joining Angle and Austin by attacking Booker T/PERSON. This match did not go over well at all with the audience in attendance at the Tacomadome .
Ch Line
The inflammation may be caused by infection with viruses , bacteria , or other microorganisms , and less commonly by certain drugs .
As of 2010 , 10 members are active , due to Han Geng 's lawsuit with SM Entertainment , Kangin 's leave of absence for mandatory military service and Kibum 's pursuit of an acting career .
Total Drama World Tour ( formerly known as Total Drama , the Musical ) is the third season of the Total Drama series that began with Total Drama Island and Total Drama Action .
Student fares are the same as child and elderly fare on the urban lines , but are the same as the Adult fares for journeys to or from checkpoint terminuses , and range from HK$ 1.40 to $ 39.40 .
John of Gaunt died in 1399 . Without explanation , Richard canceled the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land automatically .
If the lead jammer does not call off the jam ( or if there is no lead jammer ) , the jam runs for two minutes .
On September 7 , 1949 he was elected as the first president of the federal Bundesrat of Germany .
NHC Luis report Much of the islands experienced power outages and disrupted water systems .
Cable modems are primarily used to deliver broadband Internet access in the form of cable Internet , taking advantage of the high bandwidth of a HFC and RFoG network .
Fritz Leiber 's Swords of Lankhmar was also influenced by Jurgen .
According to Williams , the name '' Paramore '' came from the maiden name of the mother of one of their first bass players .
The '' characters '' in the keystream can be bits , bytes , numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case .
Idomeneo presents Idamante and his bride as the new rulers .
Later during the 80 's , the added names were made a permanent part of the Eastern Pacific lists , and other names were added for even-numbered years .
In 1912 he entered the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design , where he studied under Jo Davidson , Elie Nadelman , John Gregory and others .
Modern , Internet-wide , GUI-based messaging clients as they are known today , began to take off in the mid 1990s with PowWow , ICQ , and AOL Instant Messenger .
About 700 prisoners attempted to escape from the Auschwitz camps during the years of their operation , of which about 300 were successful .
Hungary and Austria maintained separate parliaments , each with its own prime minister .
The earliest predecessors of the game originated in India , prior to the 6th century AD .
After a stellar career in the Western Hockey League with the Brandon Wheat Kings and Portland Winter Hawks , Agnew turned pro and signed with the Canucks in 1986 .
His '' Reply to Hayne '' in 1830 was generally regarded as '' the most eloquent speech ever delivered in Congress . ''
The other way is to combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM server application .
The first single could be a radio promotion that ends up being part of an EPK .
Mary Lyon , pioneer of women 's education Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters , Danish-born astronomer ; working at Litchfield Observatory , Hamilton College , he discovered 48 asteroids .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
Organic farming relies on soil health and cycling of nutrients through the soil using natural processes .
Toward the end of his career , he played about 2,000 innings at third base and about 1,175 innings in the outfield , excelling at both .
In 1989 , Schumacher signed with Willi Weber 's WTS Formula 3 team .
Whelk or welk is a common name used for some sea snails .
An early Bronze Age culture in the area is the Kura-Araxes culture , assigned to the period of ca .
Jon Stevens Corzine ( born January 1 , 1947 ) is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
England might have become a more '' Puritan absolute monarchy '' , as '' existed in Sweden , Denmark , Saxony , and Prussia in the seventeenth century '' , rather than following the path of parliamentary and civil reform that it did .
About 100 local bus routes move people around within Queens , and another 15 express routes shuttle commuters between Queens and Manhattan , under the MTA New York City Bus and MTA Bus brands .
By the 1970s the National Parks and Wildlife Service began managing the site .
A Treatise of Human Nature : Being an Attempt to introduce the experimental Method of Reasoning into Moral Subjects .
It first came to power in 1860 with the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency and oversaw the American Civil War and Reconstruction .
Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army .
The satellite 's provisional designation is S/2006 ( 624 ) 1 .
The nave is generally considerably taller than the aisles , having clerestory windows which light the central space .
It might also be described as light purple .
The combination of any two primary colors creates a secondary color .
Elive utilizes UnionFS , which allows users to install software packages using Synaptic Package Manager and/or APT , while the user 's computer is running from the Live CD .
Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
'' Our Time Now '' - 2:50
Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
Comet is an electrical retailer in the United Kingdom , which is owned by Kesa Electricals plc after the demerger of Kingfisher plc. .
Johan Micoud ( born 24 July 1973 ) is a retired French footballer , who played mostly as an attacking midfielder .
During peacetime the Federal Minister of Defence is the Commander-in-Chief of the Bundeswehr , the German armed forces , with around 253,430 active personnel , while in wartime the Chancellor becomes Commander-in-Chief .
Another match on the card was the Money in the Bank ladder match between Chris Jericho , Christian , Chris Benoit , Edge , Kane , and Shelton Benjamin .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1924/1925 season .
Before 1983 , Dutch Crown Princesses did not receive the title , as it was reserved for ` the eldest son of the King ' ( and for his wife ) .
The Cold War ( , 1945 -- 1991 ) was the continuing state of political conflict , military tension , proxy wars , and propaganda campaigns between two camps , the Soviet Union and its satellite states , and United States and its allies .
Michelangelo began working on it three decades after finishing the ceiling of the chapel .
The lake is situated in Germany , Switzerland and Austria near the Alps .
With microeconomics , macroeconomics is one of the two most general fields in economics .
the classical or Maxwell-Boltzmann ideal gas ,
Lassalle believed that the liberal politician Hermann Schulze-Delitzsch 's co-operative schemes on the principle of self-help were utterly inadequate to improve the condition of the working classes .
Kazuaki Kamizono ( born January 28 , 1981 ) is a Japanese football player .
Lisbon becomes the capital of the Kingdom of Portugal .
Krissi Murison was named the magazine 's eleventh editor on 29 July 2009 .
It is commonly used in cooking , cosmetics , pharmaceuticals , and soaps and as a fuel for traditional oil lamps .
He was among the first poets in the United States to explore traditional Japanese poetic forms such as haiku .
All members of the group are now deceased ( the latest being Ollie Johnston , who died in 2008 ) .
Conversely , some Evangelicals reject the label fundamentalist , believing it to describe a theological position that they consider too extreme and legalistic .
In 1810 , a princess of Saxe-Hildburghausen , Therese , was married to Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria , who became king of Bavaria 15 years later ; this event is the reason for the Oktoberfest , held annually in Munich .
She graduated from the Institute of Notre Dame , a Catholic all-girls high school in Baltimore , and from Trinity College ( now Trinity Washington University ) in Washington , D.C. , in 1962 with a B.A. in political science .
The original version instead began with the introduction of Kriemhild , the protagonist of the work .
The two initial tribes were Chuay Gahn ( Thai : '' to help one another '' ) and Sook Jai ( '' happy heart '' ) .
Cancer is included in the differential diagnosis ( elucidated by biopsy ) , Helicobacter pylori as the etiological factor making it 3 to 6 times more likely to develop stomach cancer from the ulcer .
Bratz Kidz , the '' kid '' equivalent of the teenaged Bratz dolls , were introduced in 2006 . The dolls were 6 '' tall and thus , shorter than the regular Bratz .
WCW 's sharp decline in revenue and ratings led to Time Warner 's sale of the company to the WWF in 2001 .
It is found in India , Pakistan , possibly Bhutan , and possibly Nepal .
The Bulgarian region of Dobrudzha is divided between the administrative regions of Dobrich and Silistra .
The School is named after the late Dr Wee Kim Wee , a former President of Singapore who was a highly-respected journalist and diplomat .
Hatchlings attach themselves to their mothers ' milk areolae , a specialised patch on the skin that secretes milk ( monotremes lack nipples ) .
Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On April 22 , 2007 , Bishara resigned from the Knesset via the Israeli Embassy in Cairo , following a police investigation into his foreign contacts , and accusations of aiding the enemy during wartime , passing information on to the enemy and contacts with a foreign agent , as well as laundering money received from foreign sources .
The Four State Area is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas , Kansas , Missouri and Oklahoma with the Tulsa , Oklahoma Joplin , Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers , Arkansas metropolitan areas included within .
Dhoular is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , and is part of Talagang Tehsil .
The song also appeared in Thrillville : Off the Rails .
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The best known is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient , which is obtained by dividing the covariance of the two variables by the product of their standard deviations .
Protoclepsydrops lived slightly earlier than Archaeothyris .
Barium hydroxide presents the same hazards as other strong bases and as other water-soluble barium compounds : it is corrosive and toxic .
On April 6 , 2007 , the project development team announced the results of their settlement with AOL , which included a series of name changes : Gaim became Pidgin , libgaim became libpurple , and gaim-text became finch .
Critics note their music video for '' The Ghost of You '' , and the increase in amount of cosmetics the group uses when performing as evidence of this shift .
February 29 is a date that usually occurs every four years , and is called leap day .
It is also the westernmost county on Long Island .
Saglio , '' Glirarium '' .
Daniel Robert '' Danny '' Elfman ( born May 29 , 1953 ) is an American musician , best known for composing music for television and movies and leading the rock band Oingo Boingo as singer\/songwriter from 1976 until its breakup in 1995 .
According to The Sunday Times Rich List he is worth # 70 million .
The motivations for and implications of these behaviors have yet to be fully understood , since most species have yet to be fully studied .
He writes to ask her to undo the spell , but she misinterprets the letter as a proposal to her daughter .
In 1999 in Tales of the LNH # 370 , Panta was retconned out of existence , sacrificing herself to save the Looniverse from the Collector .
The city is home to Connecticut College , Mitchell College , the United States Coast Guard Academy , and The Williams School .
The 1890 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1890 .
According to the websites belonging to Wickett and John Taylor , respectively , Wickett co-wrote an early version of the song that came to be known as '' Rio '' .
The invasion ultimately fails , and only Aang and the rest of the young ones are able to escape .
Computer architecture is the combination of microarchitecture and instruction set design .
A study of three tokens of carpal ( wrist ) bones concluded there were similarities to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as Australopithecus and also differences from the bones of modern humans .
Strictly speaking in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
He is often credited as being the first Western painter to paint landscapes for their own sake , rather than as a backdrop for history painting .
Rock flour , or glacial flour , consists of fine-grained , silt-sized particles of rock , generated by mechanical grinding of bedrock by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size .
In January and February 2008 , many explicit photos were found online involving Cecilia Cheung and Edison Chen .
It is the biggest town of the Spi region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia with a population of approximately 55,000 .
It can be classified into Indo-European , Indo-Iranian , Indo-Aryan , Northwestern zone , Lahnda .
Billabongs appear relatively often in Australian literature .
He is the author of the book The Grammarian 's Desk , published in 1996 by the Klingon Language Institute , a collection of the columns he wrote for the Institute 's scholarly journal HolQeD .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
It will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 400,000 tonnes per year , and will also aid in reducing salinity and create jobs during manufacture , construction and operation .
He raced the # 34 Ford Thunderbird for Cicci-Welliver Racing , finishing 37th .
He is famous for his Description of Greece ( ) , a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations , and is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
The functional unit writes the results back to the register file .
In 2004 , Belbin and Agosto won the U.S. Championship and repeated four times .
Antonio Pappano ( born 30 December 1959 , Epping , England ) is a British conductor and pianist of Italian parentage . Pappano 's family relocated to England from Castelfranco in Miscano near Benevento , Italy in 1958 and at the time of his birth his parents worked in the restaurant business , but Pasquale Pappano , his father , was by vocation a singing teacher .
Some people argue that lifts began as simple rope or chain hoists ( see Traction elevators below ) .
A veteran ( from Latin vetus , meaning '' old '' ) is a person who has had long service or experience in a particular occupation or field ; '' A veteran of ... '' .
Its boundaries would be surrounded by the borders of the United States , covering thousands of square miles in North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , Wyoming , and Montana .
The language is one of the six official languages of the United Nations .
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington , USA .
January 1 -- Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) countries to establish and introduce monetary union .
Releases The project released the first beta of 64 Studio , version 0.9.0 code-named ` Toe Rag ' , on August 1 , 2006 .
Chase 's main other major film and TV credits between 2000 and 2005 were the cult film Donnie Darko ( 2001 ) as Donnie 's younger sister , Samantha , and Oliver Beene ( 2003 - 2004 ) , as Oliver 's quirky girlfriend Joyce .
Stites is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
A former fishing village , it was one of the first towns on Bali to see substantial tourist development , and as a beach resort remains one of Indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
The highest seasonal average at the stadium since Ipswich turned professional was 26,431 in the 1976 -- 77 season while Ipswich were playing in the First Division .
There are two separate but closely related fields to which the name ` magnetic field ' can refer : a magnetic field and a magnetic field .
It is a main group metal in group 14 of the periodic table .
Des Moines ( ) is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Buironfosse is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
February 3 & ndash ; Shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu abdicates , and the late Emperor K mei 's son , Prince Mutsuhito becomes Emperor Meiji of Japan , ending the Late Tokugawa shogunate .
Members of the Assembly are elected by citizens every five years by universal suffrage .
Since its formation , the band 's line-up has included Dexter Holland ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Noodles ( lead and rhythm guitars , backing vocals ) , and Greg K. ( bass , backing vocals ) .
Lignereuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In America , you are not allowed to shout '' fire '' in a crowded theater if there is no fire , because this might cause people to panic .
They possess bushy tails , non-retractile claws , and , excepting the African Wild Dog ( Lycaon pictus ) , a dewclaw on the front feet .
Reedy Creek Observatory is the location for observations of Near-Earth objects by John Broughton , an Australian astronomer .
Among a crowd , Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major .
Chelers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He previously played shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers .
On 23 May 1979 , Carstens was elected as the fifth President of the Federal Republic of Germany .
The capital of the voivodeship is the national capital , Warsaw .
Saint-Denis-d ` Orques is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
He currently plays for Montedio Yamagata .
Hafizullah Amin ( ) ( August 1 , 1929 -- December 27 , 1979 ) was the second President of Afghanistan during the period of the communist Democratic Republic of Afghanistan .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
Hans Christian Andersen was born in the town of Odense , Denmark , on Tuesday , April 2 , 1805 .
Citizendium ( '' the citizens ' compendium of everything '' ; ) is an English-language wiki-based free encyclopedia project launched by Larry Sanger , who co-founded Wikipedia in 2001 .
MTV ( originally MTV : Music Television ) is an American network based in New York City that launched on August 1 , 1981 .
The island groups that make up French Polynesia were not officially united until the establishment of the French protectorate in 1889 .
The song is part of the B-side medley .
Another important pioneer was Hungarian physician Ignaz Semmelweis , who in 1847 brought down infant mortality at a Vienna hospital by instituting a disinfection procedure .
While the band has been called the principal architects of Southern rock , Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee page for the Allman Brothers Band .
The stage from Milan to Split , passing through Trieste and Fiume , met with no problems .
Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll that was first popular in the United States and Canada from about 1963 to 1967 .
After 1918 , the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Germany as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I . They were the key Weimar paramilitary groups active during that time .
Gwadar Bay is located in the Gulf of Oman on the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran .
WHSV-TV , channel 3 ( digital 49 ) , is an ABC affiliate television station for the Harrisonburg , Virginia , market .
John Belushi 's brother , James Belushi , toured with the band for a short time as '' Zee Blues , '' and recorded the album , Blues Brothers & Friends : Live from House of Blues , with Dan Aykroyd , but he did not appear in Blues Brothers 2000 .
Fontaine , having been cornered , injects himself with vast amounts of ADAM and becomes an inhuman monster .
The 1932 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1932 in Los Angeles , California , United States .
He is known for his energy and tireless runs , hence his nickname Furia Ceca ( '' The Czech Fury '' , an Italian wordplay with Furia Cieca meaning '' Blind Fury '' instead ) amongst Juve fans , as well as his goal scoring ability .
Even where there is a commonly used calendar such as the Gregorian calendar , alternate calendars may also be used , such as a fiscal calendar or the astronomical year numbering system .
Tropical Storm Ivan gradually became better organized as wind shear decreased , and its outflow expanded in all quadrants .
In British history , the Protectorate was the period 1653 1659 during which the Commonwealth of England was governed by a Lord Protector .
With the end of the revolt , Zheng suffered a serious defeat .
Phoronids ( ` Phoronida ' ) , commonly known as horseshoe worms , are a relatively small animal phylum : twenty species are known , in two genera , Phoronis and Phoronopsis .
The lake 's importance declined when the Byzantines lost control and the area came under the control of the Umayyad Caliphate and subsequent Islamic empires .
For instance , headers can be renamed to be more helpful , unsigned comments can be noted , irrelevant comments can be moved to a more appropriate place , chit chat can be removed , etc. ( However , this kind of editing might be considered a mild form of . )
Coffee substitutes are non-coffee products , usually without caffeine , that are used to imitate coffee .
Mo ovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Tur ianske Teplice District in the ilina Region of northern Slovakia .
October 27 & ndash ; Floris V count of holland gave the city of Amsterdam independence of taxes .
Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote ( born December 11 , 1931 , in Kénogami , Quebec ) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman .
Ghost is a 1990 Fantasy Drama - Comedy starring Patrick Swayze , Demi Moore , Tony Goldwyn and Whoopi Goldberg , written by Bruce Joel Rubin and directed by Jerry Zucker .
This makes it by far the largest of the three active volcanoes in Italy , being about two and a half times the height of the next largest , Mount Vesuvius .
Cowry , also sometimes spelled cowrie , plural cowries , is the common name for a group of small to large marine gastropods in the family Cypraeidae .
Hobsonville is a former Royal New Zealand Air Force airfield ( as well as a range of nearby rural areas ) which are currently (/O2007/O) being redeveloped as a new suburb of Waitakere City , New Zealand .
The 1st Generation Escudo was sold in Mexico as the Geo Tracker ( Just Soft Top ) 1994-1995 ( Produced in Canada ) .
He continued making music under the Girl Talk alias while studying biomedical engineering at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
Following Young 's divorce in 1961 , he and Mead were married .
The league is dominated by two clubs : Al Ittihad and Al Ahly ( Tripoli ) .
Daishi Kato is a Japanese footballer .
The game 's direct predecessor , Mega Man X7 , was the first entry in the Mega Man X series to feature full 3D graphics , as well as 3D gameplay .
The fief holders exercised local military rule .
According to Rowling , Harry is strongly guided by his own conscience , and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong .
Aang 's character was developed from a drawing by Bryan Konietzko .
A modest hemp fabric industry exists , and hemp fibers can be used in clothing . Pure hemp has a texture similar to linen .
It was originally one of the Pictish kingdoms , known as Fib , and is still commonly known as the Kingdom of Fife within Scotland .
Confirmed as Uranus XVIII it was named after the sorcerer Prospero in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
With help from Professor Frink , however , Homer is able to destroy the aliens ' spaceship , and Springfield and its inhabitants are returned to normal .
Principi later served in the Vietnam War , commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta .
The city became a part of the newly created District of Gera ( Bezirk Gera ) in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) . After the German reunification in 1990 , Gera became part of the restored state of Thuringia - one of three metropolitan centers ( Oberzentren ) along with Jena and Erfurt .
La Marche Des Gendarmes (/O2001/O)
The Soviet Union ceases production of the Mosin-Nagant 1891\/30 sniper rifle .
The following list , of about 350 words , is based on documented lists of the top 100 , 200 , or 400 most commonly misspelled words , rather than listing every conceivable misspelled word .
Pomp and Circumstance NPR Music It was first played at such a ceremony on 28 June 1905 , at Yale University , where the Professor of Music Samuel Sanford had invited his friend Elgar to attend commencement and receive an honorary Doctorate of Music .
Peter Kenneth Frampton ( born April 22 , 1950 ) is an English musician , singer , producer , and multi-instrumentalist .
In Mario Kart Wii , players choose a character from a roster consisting of up to 24 characters and from 36 vehicles , separated into three different weight classes .
The National Gallery of Armenia is the national art gallery of Armenia founded in 1921 as the artistic section of the State Museum . It is located on the Republic Square in Yerevan .
The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 created the first salt-water passage between the Mediterranean and Red seas .
Reprise Records is an American record label , founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra . It is owned by Warner Music Group , and operated through Warner Bros. .
By this time , Sri Lanka had become a Test playing nation , and Zimbabwe qualified through the ICC Trophy .
It is bordered by Japan , North Korea , Russia and South Korea .
Different methods of radiometric dating vary in the timescale over which they are accurate and the materials to which they can be applied .
Voids located in high-density environments are smaller than voids situated in low-density spaces of the universe .
It was used to give legitimacy to a variety of fields through such titles as '' scientific '' medicine , engineering , advertising , or motherhood .
The leaves are ovate 2.5 & ndash ; 9 cm ( 1 & ndash ; 3.5 in ) long , resembling orange leaves ( the scientific name aurantifolia refers to this resemblance to the leaves of the orange , C. aurantium ) .
To call myself beloved , to feel myself beloved on the earth .
Yahiro Kazama ( born October 16 , 1961 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football manager and former player .
Galilei , G. ; Sidereus Nuncius ( March 13 , 1610 ) It is the third-largest moon in the Solar System and the second largest in the Jovian system , after Ganymede .
Tomohiro Tsuda is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
However , the process arguably exacerbated already existing social and economic tensions within the Soviet Union , and no doubt helped to further nationalism among the constituent republics , as well as social fragmentation .
It is a parliamentary democracy and a republic .
Primitive forms of the instrument were fashioned by enslaved Africans in Colonial America , adapted from several African instruments .
Champfrémont is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Hopwood is a small settlement in Worcestershire , located south of Birmingham , England on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal .
It is one of roughly five hundred Sino-Tibetan languages , and belongs to the Tibeto-Burman branch of this family .
Around a black hole there is an undetectable surface called an event horizon that marks the point of no return .
When they returned , she was in the back yard , unconscious , in the snow , and visible in the poor light only because she was wearing her favorite red sweater .
It elects one Member of Parliament ( MP ) by the first past the post system of election .
Scrivener , Terry Fox , 2000 , p. 233 Death Terry Fox is today considered a national hero of Canada .
An inkjet printer is a type of computer printer that creates a digital image by propelling droplets of ink onto paper .
Roller Coasters : A Thrill Seeker 's Guide to the Ultimate Scream Machines .
The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the banks of the river Seine ( ) ; the Assembly also uses other neighbouring buildings , including the Immeuble Chaban-Delmas on the rue de l'Universit é ( ) .
There are smaller but still significant groups of speakers of Khoisan languages who are not included in the eleven official languages , but are one of the eight other officially recognized languages .
Bayeux is the home of the Bayeux Tapestry , one of the oldest surviving complete tapestries in the world .
Examples of true annuals include corn , wheat , rice , lettuce , peas , watermelon , beans , zinnia and marigold .
It is separated from mainland Canada by the Strait of Georgia , Johnstone Strait , and Queen Charlotte Strait , and from the United States by the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
Espins is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Thus he went to Princeton where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
In addition to numerous species of wild pig , these include the babirusa Babyrousa babyrussa and the warthog Phacochoerus aethiopicus .
She developed a reputation as a serious dramatic actress , earning the nickname '' The Divine Sarah '' .
Stars of newly-opened West End musicals regularly perform a number from their show later in the evening after ` curtain call ' in their respective theatres .
The first English settlers came in 1633 and settled at Windsor and then Wethersfield in 1634 .
The Sierra Nevada ( , snowy mountain rangeCarlson , Helen S. , Nevada Place Names : A Geographical Dictionary , University of Nevada Press , 1976 , p. 215 ISBN 978-0874170948 ) is a mountain range in the U.S. states of California and Nevada , between the California Central Valley and the Basin and Range Province .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,721 Mm in 699.676 days , at an inclination of 142 to the ecliptic ( 142 to Jupiter 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.0932 .
In humans , the top of the foot is considered dorsal .
The shoulder rest is an accessory that can be found on violins and violas .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , ( including 88 Australians , and 38 Indonesian citizens ) .
Cryptic coloration is the most common form of camouflage , found to some extent in the majority of species .
It is named after the Nereids , sea-nymphs of Greek mythology and attendants of the god Neptune .
Dance-punk ( also known as disco-punk , punk-funk and indie-dance ) is a music genre that emerged in the late 1970s , and is closely associated with the post-punk and no wave movements .
Also , lunar samples do not have expected ratios of volatile elements , iron oxide , or siderophilic elements , and there is no evidence to suggest that the Earth ever had the magma ocean implied by this hypothesis .
The capital is a thoroughly planned city with designated areas for residence , businesses , schools , churches , etc. .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
Shatner 's voice-over introduction during each episode 's opening credits stated the starship 's purpose :
Ray was born in the city of Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) into a Bengali family prominent in the world of arts and letters .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1938/1939 season .
He is noted for his development in 1901 of the modern system of classification of blood groups from his identification of the presence of agglutinins in the blood , and in 1930 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
John Matthew '' Matt '' Stover ( born January 27 , 1968 in Dallas , Texas , U.S. ) is an American Football placekicker who is currently a free agent in the National Football League .
The nation was prosperous and optimistic at the time , leading to a landslide victory for Hoover over Democrat Al Smith .
The Poles , who do not wish to be ruled by Mary 's fiancee , the future Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund , choose Mary 's younger sister , Jadwiga , to become ruler of Poland .
Hulluch is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cow and Chicken ( known as Cleo and Chico in French-language countries ) is an American animated series , created by David Feiss .
Possible crucifixion of Jesus ( earliest possible date )
The town was officially renamed '' Allentown '' on April 16 , 1838 , after years of popular usage .
The aim of Royal Canadian Air Cadets is to : develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership ; promote physical fitness ; and stimulate the interest of youth in the sea , land , and air activities of the Canadian Forces .
March 9 -- Adam Smith publishes The Wealth of Nations .
It was , under the Mexica culture , the farthest region of trade , providing jaguar pelts , cacao , and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan .
The National Hockey League came into existence with the demise of the NHA in 1917 .
A librarian is an information professional trained in library and information science , which is the organization and management of information services or materials for those with information needs .
Mustafa Barzani , the father of the nationalist Kurdish movement in Iraqi Kurdistan ( Southern Kurdistan ) , was also the commander of its army .
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Scythians or Scyths were an ancient Iranian people of horse-riding nomadic pastoralists who throughout Classical Antiquity dominated the Pontic-Caspian steppe , known at the time as Scythia .
In practical terms , the exact meaning of surface varies according to the measurement method used .
When he was 13 years old , his uncle , who ran an automotive-electric shop , sent him a box filled with discarded car radio parts , and a battery .
Recipe for mashed potato Popular ingredients and seasonings include : garlic , cheese , bacon bits , sour cream , crisp onion or spring onion , mustard , spices such as nutmeg , chopped herbs such as parsley or rosemary , white turnip , and wasabi .
While all cephalopods can move by jet propulsion , this is a very energy-consuming way to travel compared to the tail propulsion used by fish .
The Rhine ( ; ; ; ; ; ) is one of the longest and most important rivers in Europe , at , with an average discharge of more than .
It flourished under the patronage of the Ptolemaic dynasty and functioned as a major center of scholarship from its construction in the 3rd century BC until the Roman conquest of Egypt in 30 BC .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 1.1 square miles ( 3.0 km ) , of which , 1.1 square miles ( 2.8 km ) of it is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.2 km ) of it ( 5.22 % ) is water .
He went to the front to observe the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 , and , after being taken prisoner at Vaucouleurs , remained in French captivity for three months .
In 1913 , Goldfish along with his brother-in-law Jesse L. Lasky , Cecil B. DeMille , and Arthur Friend formed a partnership , The Jesse L. Lasky Feature Play Company , to produce feature length motion pictures .
During landing , the vehicle overran the runway and it sustained minor damage .
Born in Thunder Bay , Ontario of Russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan , and attended McGill University , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a Ph. D. in physical chemistry .
Fabbri was a delegate to the International Anarchist Congress held in Amsterdam in 1907 .
Year 1786 ( MDCCLXXXVI ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
In geometry , a simplex ( plural simplexes or simplices ) is a generalization of the notion of a triangle or tetrahedron to arbitrary dimension . Specifically , an n-simplex is an n-dimensional polytope which is the convex hull of its n + 1 vertices .
In 2002 , he was succeeded in democratic elections by Amadou Toumani Touré , a retired general , who had been the leader of the military aspect of the 1991 democratic uprising .
In 1996 , ten Security Council members , led by African members Egypt , Guinea-Bissau and Botswana , sponsored a resolution backing Boutros-Ghali for a second five-year term , until the year 2001 .
Campton is located at .
In Daremberg and Saglio , Dictionnaire des Antiquités Grecques et Romaines , Tome II ( Volume 2 ) , page 1613 , Librairie Hachette et Cie. , Paris , 1877 -- 1919 .
In humans , common symptoms may include slurred speech , euphoria , impaired balance , poor coordination , flushed face , reddened eyes , reduced inhibition , and erratic behavior .
V10 motors became common-place after the reduction from 3.5 to 3 liters , and V10 engines were exclusively used by teams from the 1998 season .
The little known failure mode is that delta logging relies on the original data being either in the old or the new state so as to enable backing out the logical change , yet few storage systems provide an atomic write semantic on a RAID disk .
Kathryn Bailey '' Kate '' Beckinsale ( born 26 July 1973 ) is an English actress .
The game sold 2.4 million copies and earned up to US$ 125 million in its first 24 hours on store shelves , thus out-grossing the film Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest as the highest grossing release in entertainment history .
The Boston Marathon is run on Patriots ' Day every year so many Bostonians know the holiday as '' Marathon Monday .
John Campbell Ross ( 11 March 1899 -- 3 June 2009 ) was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War .
After the Beatles disbanded , Lennon and Ono cohabited in London and then in New York . Their relationship was very strained as Lennon faced near-certain deportation from the United States based on the British drug charges and Ono was separated from her daughter , who would have remained behind if Ono followed Lennon back to England .
In 1910 , the company 's Prima ballerina assoluta Mathilde Kschessinska selected Nijinsky to dance in a revival of Marius Petipa 's Le Talisman , during which Nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the Wind God Vayou .
The league is divided evenly into two conferences -- the American Football Conference ( AFC ) and National Football Conference ( NFC ) , and each conference has four divisions that have four teams each , making each conference have 16 teams .
Farmington is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
The Pakenham line branches from the Lilydale line at Richmond and shares four tracks with the Frankston line to Caulfield , running next to the Sandringham line as far as South Yarra .
The axolotl is currently on the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's annual Red List of threatened species .
Trade between two traders is called bilateral trade , while trade between more than two traders is called multilateral trade .
He plays as a center and fullback .
This warning was discontinued within 48 hours .
Just after becoming a hurricane , it hit the southern coast of Brazil in the state of Santa Catarina on the evening of March 28 , with winds estimated near , making it a Category 2-equivalent on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Since she was the heiress to the county of Boulogne , she was forced to leave her convent and married off to Matthew of Alsace ( c.1130-1173 ) , who would become Count of Boulogne and co-ruler (/O1160/O) through his marriage to her .
The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces ( provincies in Dutch ) .
The Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas is a famous bullring in Madrid ( Spain ) .
The storm , which caused nine fatalities , formed from an area of disturbed weather on August 30 , 2007 , and became a tropical storm the next day .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
One classic diagram ( above ) has one square inscribed in the other , with the corners of one being the classical elements , and the corners of the other being the properties .
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 ) Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton ( 1797 - 1873 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kei Yamaguchi is a Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara .
Hamoodur Rahman Commission Report , chapter 2 , paragraph 33 The international media and reference books in English have also published figures which vary greatly from 200,000 to 3,000,000 for Bangladesh as a whole .
Julian Chen Introduction to Scanning Tunneling Microscopy ( 1993 ) .
Within a decade of its inception , A&M became the world 's largest independent record company .
Her daughter Louise Leakey continues family traditions by conducting paleontological research .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
History In 1921 , the club was founded as Figueirense Foot-ball Club .
Dromaeosaurids had long tails .
Little else is known regarding their feeding habits , but considering their environment , a fussy palate is unlikely .
The Reichstag as a parliament dates back to the Holy Roman Empire and ceased to act as a true parliament in the years of the Nazi regime ( 1933 -- 1945 ) .
The observed elementary bosons are all gauge bosons : photons , W and Z bosons and gluons .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of Ginger Ale .
Also the relationship is usually , but not always , secret .
The difference between computer-style numerical sorting and true alphabetical sorting becomes obvious in languages using an extended Latin alphabet .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau ( Madrid , 2 March 1842 -- Oloron , 7 September 1902 ) was a Spanish diplomat and writer , who wrote plays , zarzuelas ( light operas ) , and novels .
Two earlier debris flows , around 4,450 and 7,300 years ago , sent pyroclastic rock at least 32 k from the volcano into Meager Creek .
There are several solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid .
Copland also wrote three books , '' What to Listen for in Music ( 1939 ) '' , '' Our New Music ( 1941 ) '' , and '' Music and Imagination '' ( 1952 ) .
Gary Lightbody ( born 15 June 1976 in Bangor , Culture Northern Ireland website Northern Ireland ) is a Northern Irish musician and songwriter , best known as the frontman of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
Mana Nakao is a Japanese football player .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
Naoki Matsuda ( Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma ) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
It is built on the site of the medieval Steelyard , the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League .
The novel was praised for its elegant prose and won him a prize from the French Academy .
Its only known species is Darwinius masillae , dated to 47 million years ago ( Lutetian stage ) based on dating of the fossil site .
Its food is sought both on the ground and in trees and includes virtually all known types of plant and animal sources , such as acorns and beech mast , weed seeds , grain , fruits and other berries , peanuts , bread , meat , small invertebrates of many types , scraps in town parks , bird-table food and rarely eggs and nestlings .
Whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years ( 1985 - 88 ) as a tight end with the Atlanta Falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then spells with the Washington Redskins and New York Jets .
The combined events inspired Roberts to become a fan of professional wrestling .
On 9 May 1960 , she made her first appearance in Sarajevo at the National Theatre , as Aida .
Set in London in a near-future dystopian society , the film follows the mysterious V , a freedom fighter seeking to effect sociopolitical change while simultaneously pursuing his own violent personal vendetta .
Most species do not flower until adult foliage starts to appear ; E. cinerea and E. perriniana are notable exceptions .
Animal Liberation Orchestra ( also known by the initialism ALO ) is a musical group , currently signed on Jack Johnson 's Brushfire Records label .
Numerous sheer drops , glacial steps and hanging valleys in the park provide many places for waterfalls to exist , especially during April , May , and June ( the snowmelt season ) .
It was during the Qin Dynasty and the Han Dynasty that the various tribes of China began to feel that they belonged to the same ethnic group , relative to other ethnic groups around them .
Terrell also started a sorority member gimmick and aligned herself with Brad Allen and Nic Nemeth .
Meresankh I was Ancient Egyptian queen , a lesser wife of pharaoh Huni .
An interview with James Broadwater , an evangelical Christian and Republican candidate for the United States ' Congress from Mississippi , caused Broadwater to receive some hate emails after an episode of Da Ali G Show aired in which Broadwater stated that all non-Christians ( including Jews ) will go to Hell .
Niederkell - Kell am See : 4,0 km
Family On August 13 , 1943 , Graham married Wheaton classmate Ruth Bell ( 1920 2007 ) , whose parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China , where her father , L. Nelson Bell , was a general surgeon .
The official and dominant language is Lao , a tonal language of the Tai linguistic group .
Aileen Carol Wuornos ( February 29 , 1956 -- October 9 , 2002 ) was an American serial killer who killed seven men in Florida between 1989 and 1990 , later claiming they raped or attempted to rape her while she was working as a prostitute .
Helicopter rotor , the rotary wing ( s ) of a rotorcraft such as a helicopter
It is here that the Academy meets and , amongst other business , announces the names of Nobel Prize laureates .
PlayStation 3
Cho , a senior English major at Virginia Tech , had been diagnosed with and was treated for a severe anxiety disorder in middle school and continued receiving therapy and special education support until his junior year of high school .
The first single was '' Hidin ' from Love '' in 1980 ( # 43 on the Billboard dance charts ) which was followed up by '' Give Me Your Love '' and '' Remember '' .
History The four original members grew up in Basking Ridge , NJ and played in smaller bands during high school .
Cantona is often regarded as having played a major role in the revival of Manchester United as a footballing powerhouse and he enjoys iconic status at the club and in English football .
All cowry shells have a porcelain-like shine except Hawaii 's granulated cowry , Cypraea granulata . Many have colorful patterns .
He was overthrown by Tang , the first king of the Shang dynasty .
Each mill had its own housing community that included everything the mill workers needed ( schools , churches , grocery stores , theaters , and hardware stores , all within walking distance of the mill ) .
It has been speculated that Ambulocetids hunted like crocodiles , lurking in the shallows to snatch unsuspecting prey .
It is integrated into an industrial area on the Costa del Azahar .
It is part of the Fairbanks , Alaska metropolitan statistical area .
The initial releases were successively numbered as '' previews '' i.e. p5 , p7 , p8 up to p81a , then p9 , p91 , p92 , and p93 .
The word Métis ( the singular , plural and adjectival forms are the same ) is French , and a cognate of the Spanish word mestizo .
In medicine , a central venous catheter ( '' central line '' , '' CVC '' , '' central venous line '' or '' central venous access catheter '' ) is a catheter placed into a large vein in the neck ( internal jugular vein or external jugular vein ) , chest ( subclavian vein ) or groin ( femoral vein ) .
Later , Cheung made her film debut as a young nightclub hostess in Stephen Chow 's King of Comedy ( 1999 ) , followed soon after by Fly Me to Polaris ( 1999 ) .
The focus of excavations has been at Pinnacle Point Cave 13B ( PP13B ) where the earliest evidence for the systematic exploitation of marine resources ( shellfish ) and symbolic behavior have been documented ( Marean et al. , 2007 ) and at Pinnacle Point Cave 5-6 , where the oldest evidence for the heat treatment of rock to make stone tools has been documented ( Brown et al. , 2009 ) .
Nousty is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Kidman gave birth to their first child , a daughter , Sunday Rose Kidman Urban , on July 7 , 2008 in Nashville , Tennessee .
Shohei Abe is a Japanese footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus .
Mikroglottika 's goal is to promote the study of the philology , phonology , syntax , and lexicon of minority languages , and constructive linguistic studies .
George Leake CMG ( posthumous ) QC ( 3 December 1856 -- 24 June 1902 ) was Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 , and again from 23 December 1901 until his death on 24 June 1902 .
He studied law in the office of Chief Justice Morrison Waite , and was admitted to the bar at Peru , Indiana in 1865 .
The adjective form is used in English , to refer to people or works that are experimental or innovative , particularly with respect to art , culture , and politics .
Several of the Mussulman table-servants were in league with the hill-men , and for some hours the danger to Murree became imminent .
May earned a PhD in astrophysics in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
They disbanded for the first time after the release of their fifth album , 1987 's VI , as Hetson decided to continue touring and releasing a number of albums with Bad Religion .
On the beach , Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out how to put them together .
November 30 & ndash ; Alexander Berry , Scottish adventurer and Australian pioneer ( d. 1873 )
For modern scholarship , '' the date of Homer '' means the date of forming of the poems as much as to the lifetime of an individual .
He added that this time around '' They 've got a different set of problems ... because you 've got 13 dwarves , a whole band of them ... You 're trying to represent a whole race ... You 're trying to do for dwarves what ` The Lord of the Rings ' did for hobbits '' .
This template creates a box with two to ten images arranged vertically or horizontally with captions for the entire box and\/or for each images .
Austria-Hungary was geographically the second largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire ( 621538 k in 1905 ) , and the third most populous ( after Russia and the German Empire ) .
Magicians ' actual names , when applicable , follow in parentheses .
Mary Coe , in her book Windradyne : A Wiradjuri Koori quoted at page 4 in
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did n't see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light ; colour resulted from this interaction of light and shadow .
Dudley went straight out of college to work as a teacher in 1880 .
Raquel Welch ( born September 5 , 1940 ) is an American actress , author and sex symbol .
Studies of heavier quarks are conducted in artificially created conditions , such as in particle accelerators .
The National Museum of the United States Air Force ( formerly the United States Air Force Museum ) is the official National Museum of the United States Air Force and is located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , near Dayton , Ohio .
is a Japanese football ( soccer ) midfielder who currently plays for Kawasaki Frontale of the J. League .
Maxinquaye is the debut album of the English actor and musician Tricky , released in 1995 .
Tortoise may refer to one of the following :
After a few years in his father 's business , he retired with an ample fortune from all business concerns , with the exception of the Sheffield Banking Company , of which he was chairman for many years .
She was bought at auction in July 1792 , renamed Thomas and Nancy , and carried coal in the Thames area until 1806 .
Gammer made his first appearance in the Hardcore scene during 2002 and since he has gone on to be a very successful and prolific producer , being best known for his extensive discography on the revamped Essential Platinum label .
In the Eastern hemisphere , piquance ( the sensation provided by , among other things , chili peppers ) and savoriness ( also known as umami ) have been traditionally identified as basic tastes as well .
Telephone line
The early instar larvae feed together on the underside of leaves .
Sota Nakazawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
On the January 5 episode of Raw , Snuka and Rhodes won a tag team match against Cryme Tyme .
Nicosia is important commercially with many shops , three modern shopping malls , restaurants and entertainment .
The show featured many Characters The Adventures Of Ichabod and Mr. Toad and Melody Time and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
They had three daughters , Ivy , Stella and Vera by 1891 .
In 1895 , Burnham went on to oversee and lead the massive Northern Territories ( BSA ) Exploration Co. expedition which first established for the British South Africa Company that major copper deposits existed in North-Eastern Rhodesia . Along the Kafue River in then North-Eastern Rhodesia , Burnham saw many similarities to copper deposits he had worked in the United States , and he encountered native peoples wearing copper bracelets .
Robinson 's career is generally considered to mark the beginning of the post- '' long ball '' era in baseball , in which a reliance on raw power-hitting gave way to balanced offensive strategies that used footspeed to create runs through aggressive baserunning .
The compounds with oxidation state +3 resemble the corresponding aluminium ( III ) compounds .
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
Carl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry , describing in a 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it , but did not publish his work .
The draw , which was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro , UEFA 's head of club competitions , was held on Friday , 29 June 2007 at 13:30 CET in Nyon , Switzerland .
Jacqueline Anne ( Jackie ) French ( born 29 November 1953 ) is an award-winning Australian author of children 's fiction and books on gardening .
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks ( February 4 , 1913 - October 24 , 2005 ) was an African-American civil rights activist , whom the U.S. Congress called '' the first lady of civil rights '' , and '' the mother of the freedom movement '' .
Anna Kavan was born in France to British parents .
It is located in Lapland and borders Norway as well as the municipality of Inari .
The converse of this result is the definition of Ramanujan primes , and the numbers 2 , 11 , 17 , 29 , 41 are the first few such primes .
It runs over from Key West , Florida , north to Fort Kent , Maine , at the Canadian border .
The earliest anchors were probably rocks and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the Bronze Age .
Food irradiation is also sometimes called pasteurization .
For example , California 's Theft Act of 1927 consolidated a variety of common law crimes into theft . The state now distinguishes between two types of theft , grand theft and petty theft .
The term coconut milk is not the same as coconut water ( coconut juice ) , which is the naturally-occurring liquid found inside the hollow coconut .
Principal photography was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
On 15 April 1989 , the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death in an FA Cup semi-final in the infamous Hillsborough disaster .
Supporters argued the Piss Christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's top '' defense player who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all-round ability in the position '' .
The symbol for Libra is the Scales . In Roman mythology , Libra is considered to depict the scales held by Astraea ( identified as Virgo ) , the goddess of justice .
This '' antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle , i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time .
He played as a central defender .
Once that song was finished , the two began in earnest writing the rest of the tracks .
Ninety percent of deep-sea marine life are estimated to produce bioluminescence in one form or another .
Jinnah had initially avoided joining the All India Muslim League , founded in 1906 , regarding it as too Muslim oriented .
Later , while Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder , Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one and performed a sunset flip powerbomb on Kennedy , who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder .
Portillo retired from the Commons at the 2005 general election , since when he has pursued his media interests , presenting a wide range of television and radio programs .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city of Montevallo is 4,825 .
Santa Cruz is the island that hosts the largest human population in the archipelago at the town of Puerto Ayora .
In 1940 , he became an associate member of Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts and was also an honorary member of Slovenian society of natural history .
His analysis of human behavior culminated in his work Verbal Behavior , which has recently seen enormous increase in interest experimentally and in applied settings .
In 2002 , the Benton City - Kiona Bridge over the Yakima River at Benton City was added to the National Register of Historic Places .
Sir Hans Sloane , 1st Baronet , PRS ( 16 April 1660 -- 11 January 1753 ) was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector , notable for bequeathing his collection to the British nation which became the foundation of the British Museum .
The landscape architect William Saunders , founder of the National Grange , designed the cemetery .
Formed in 1991 , the group is known for its live performances and humor , founding members Adam Gardner , Ryan Miller , and Brian Rosenworcel came about to begin practice sessions while attending Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts .
Culturally and in terms of history and climate , like the First Coast region ( of northeastern Florida ) and North Central Florida , this region is more closely tied to the Deep South than to the Peninsula of Florida .
Her marriage to the Duke of Chartres took place at the Palace of Versailles on 5 April 1769 in a lavish ceremony which all of the princes du sang attended .
His Berklee professors included Herb Pomeroy in line writing , Gary Burton in improvisation , Phil Wilson in big band , Ed Bedner in classical piano , and Hal Crook in theoretical improvisation studies .
The public key can be known to everyone and is used for encrypting messages .
The spectral class of a star is a designated class of a star describing the ionization of its chromosphere , what atomic excitations are most prominent in the light , giving an objective measure of the temperature in this chromosphere .
Some love spells have even been discovered '' folded around some hair , '' probably to bind the spell itself .
