The elliptical Roman amphitheatre , of the first or second century AD , is the best-preserved Roman arena in France .
Bowerman 's '' Track Men of Oregon '' won 24 NCAA individual titles ( with wins in 15 of the 19 events contested ) and four NCAA team crowns ( 1962-1964-1965-1970 ) , and posted 16 top-10 NCAA finishes in 24 years as head coach .
The mines were acquired by Anglo American U.B. Teader mining company in 1867 , which sold them to Moctezuma Copper Co , a subsidiary of Phelps Dodge .
The oldest part of Kaunas city is the Old Town located to the east of the confluence of the Nemunas and Neris rivers .
The village primary school is placed towards the road leading to Castle Caereinion .
Tamil was the first Indian language to be accorded the status of classical language by the Government of India in 2002 and had about 60 million native speakers .
Under the theory of quantum mechanics , black holes possess a temperature and emit Hawking radiation , but for black holes of stellar mass or larger this temperature is much lower than that of the cosmic background radiation .
The InterCity 125 train is made up of two power cars , one at each end of a fixed formation of carriages , and is capable of in regular service .
History Described by Livy as one of the Capitae Etruriae ( Etruscan capitals ) , Arezzo is believed to have been one of the twelve most important Etruscan cities -- the so-called Dodecapolis .
John Forbes Kerry ( born December 11 , 1943 ) is the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts , and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
They also have considerably fewer features than the '' adult '' Furby , with a very limited vocabulary and a lower level of interactivity .
WAW dependencies are also known as output dependencies .
Originally , the allemande formed the first movement of the suite , before the courante , but , later , it was often preceded by an introductory movement , such as a prelude .
Females can have two to three litters per year , so may produce up to 150 kittens in their breeding span of around ten years .
Town council , a democratically elected form of government for small municipalities or parishes
People
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
However , the status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009 .
The show was created by Darren Star and produced by Paul Robinson .
Tourette 's does not adversely affect intelligence or life expectancy .
E numbers are number codes for food additives and are usually found on food labels throughout the European Union .
How can family assets best be transferred across generations ( bequests and inheritance ) ?
For large numbers ( 4,000 and above ) , a bar can be placed above a base numeral , or parentheses placed around it , to indicate multiplication by 1,000 , although the Romans themselves often just wrote out the '' M '' s : Roman numerals : How they work : Larger numbers
Brubaker and Cooper note a tendency in many scholars to confuse identity as a category of practice and as a category of analysis .
Ryo Sakai ( born August 9 , 1977 ) is a Japanese football player .
He died of Tuberculosis at the tender age of 21 .
Desvres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
This set was modified slightly in 2006 when Jeopardy !
Sir George Biddell Airy PRS KCB ( 27 July 1801 - 2 January 1892 ) was an English mathematician and astronomer , Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881 .
Sichuan 's beautiful landscapes and rich historical relics have also made the province a major center for tourism .
With Web Server Gateway Interface a standard API has been developed to facilitate these applications .
It is one of the active ingredients in many over-the-counter cold and cough medicines , such as Robitussin , NyQuil , Dimetapp , Vicks , Coricidin , Delsym , and others , including generic labels .
Human hands are perhaps the most universally recognized example of chirality : The left hand is a non-superposable mirror image of the right hand ; no matter how the two hands are oriented , it is impossible for all the major features of both hands to coincide .
He conducted the Carl Rosa Opera Company in 1891 , and the following year the English premiere of Tchaikovsky 's Eugene Onegin at the newly rebuilt Olympic Theatre .
Sean Astin ( born February 25 , 1971 ) is an American film actor , director , and producer better known for his film roles as Mikey Walsh in The Goonies , the title character of Rudy , and Samwise Gamgee in the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
V ( The Elephant )
Montlevon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The intestines , lungs , liver , and stomach were preserved separately and stored in canopic jars protected by the four sons of Horus .
Thuin is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
'' Bonds ~ Kizuna ~ '' ( BondS , May 17 , 2006 )
He ruled as Poglavnik or head , of the Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) , a World War II puppet state of Nazi Germany in Axis-occupied Yugoslavia .
Fold ( geology ) , one or a stack of originally flat and planar surfaces that are bent or curved as a result of plastic deformation
Miller became only the third player since World War II to have played for both sides of the Old Firm - following Alfie Conn and Maurice Johnston .
Every battalion will also include some sort of combat service support , typically organized within a combat support company .
Travis Landon Barker ( born November 14 , 1975 ) is an American musician , producer , entrepreneur , and the drummer most noted for the American pop punk band Blink-182 , as well as the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock band The Transplants , and the drummer for the alternative rock band Box Car Racer .
This comprises cells and other mechanisms that defend the host from infection in a non-specific manner .
Jean de Meun completes the French allegorical work of fiction , Roman de la Rose , with a second section ; the first section was written by Guillaume de Lorris in 1230 .
The Assistant Secretary is third in the order of succession for the office of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
A stone circle is an ancient monument of standing stones .
Frank Lloyd Wright ( born Frank Lincoln Wright , June 8 , 1867 -- April 9 , 1959 ) was an American architect , interior designer , writer and educator , who designed more than 1,000 projects , which resulted in more than 500 completed works .
'' Car crash '' redirects here .
On December 23 , 1992 , Hazel died from internal bleeding and liver failure .
When first announced , 70 Virginis b was considered to be within its star 's habitable zone ( preferably in the '' Goldilocks zone '' ) , but it was later confirmed that the planet has an eccentric orbit , closer to its parent .
Aubigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
North of Sacramento , the road ranges from a rural two-lane road to a four-lane freeway .
Moulines is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Because their energy is strongly beamed , the gamma rays emitted by most bursts are expected to miss the Earth and never be detected .
Covers of the song have been released by Mystery Jets and Tunng .
Nathan Winneke -- lead vocals ( 2002 -- Present ) , bass guitar ( 1999-2002 )
In Asian elephants , only males have tusks , but both males and females of African elephants have tusks and are usually less hairy than their Asian cousins .
In Christian tradition , the Star of Bethlehem , also called the Christmas Star , revealed the birth of Jesus to the magi , or '' wise men '' , and later led them to Bethlehem .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
They are best known for their hit singles '' Fire Water Burn '' and '' The Bad Touch '' .
Hamilton won the first race of the 2008 season , the , having qualified on pole position .
Feistel ciphers are an important class of product ciphers .
( born September 14 , 1986 ) is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
The struggle was to culminate in some severe defeats for Owen .
These dates delimit the time when most tropical cyclones form in this part of the Pacific Ocean .
Falmouth Academy ( also known as FA ) is a non-profit , coed , private college-preparatory school for day students in grades 7 - 12 located in Falmouth , Massachusetts on Cape Cod .
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
Haymarket is a town in Prince William County , Virginia , United States .
The Maple Leaf Flag always precedes the Union Flag , with the former occupying the place of honor .
Language and Speech , Vol .
See : Red dwarfs such as Proxima Centauri are far too faint to be seen with the naked eye ; even from Alpha Centauri A or B , Proxima would only be seen as a fifth magnitude star .
He discovered that observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature ( for example , Brownian motion of particles ) .
Brezhnev died on 10 November 1982 after suffering a heart attack .
Dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
Howland Island ( ) is an uninhabited coral island located just north of the equator in the central Pacific Ocean , about southwest of Honolulu .
Tamil is also an official language of Sri Lanka and Singapore .
Rahay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
His mother , Catherine de ' Medici , acts as Regent until Henry arrives from Poland .
Their skins are used for leather .
Baiji ( or Chinese River Dolphin ) , Lipotes vexillifer ( possibly extinct , since December 2006 )
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Early in her life , she suffered a traumatic head wound when she was hit by a heavy metal weight thrown by an irate overseer , intending to hit another slave .
Her husband John Piper designed the sets It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh , England on 16 June 1973 .
In the 3rd century BC , the Buddha 's fig tree was brought to Sri Lanka by the Thera Sangamitta ( Pali ; Skt/O. : Sanghamitra ) , daughter of Emperor Asoka and founder of an order of Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka .
It uses a stock at the crown to which two large flat triangular flukes are attached .
Most cloth made for carom billiards tables is a type of baize that is dyed green , and is made from 100 % worsted wool , which provides a very fast surface allowing the balls to travel with little resistance across the table .
After releasing their debut album Prayers of Steel and their Depraved to Black EP in 1985 , the band changed their name to Rage because there was another band in England that also carried the moniker .
The final lineup consisted of lead vocalist , guitarist and songwriter Ben Jorgensen , lead guitarist PJ DeCicco , bassist Anthony DiIonno and drummer Nash Breen .
'' Operation Number One '' ) was a campaign of a series of major battles between the Imperial Japanese Army forces and the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China , fought from April to December 1944 .
Tordouet is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
She also sings a version of '' When You Wish Upon a Star '' for the 2009 DVD/Blu-Ray release of Disney 's Pinocchio ( 1940 film ) .
A plectrum ( or pick ) is a small flat tool used to pluck or strum a stringed instrument .
Imminent means that a gale is expected within 6 hours , Expected soon that a gale is expected within 6 to 12 hours and Later in more than 12 hours time .
Geographically it is east of the Malay Archipelago , with which it is sometimes included as part of a greater Indo-Australian Archipelago/O. ; Geologically it is equally a part , with Australia , of the continent of Sahul , also known as Greater Australia .
John Macarthur ( 1766 -- 11 April 1834Macarthur , John ( 1767 - 1834 ) Australian Dictionary of Biography ) was a soldier , entrepreneur , politician and pioneer of the Australian wool industry .
The binary prefix kibi means 1024 , therefore 1 kibibyte is .
Los Angeles Galaxy ( commonly referred to as L A Galaxy ) is an American , professional soccer club based in the Los Angeles suburb of Carson , California , and is a member of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) .
Hennie Meijer ( born 17 February 1962 ) is a retired Dutch football player .
Ozawa was followed by Edo de Waart , the young Dutch conductor , who brought an entirely new face to the orchestra .
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
A baby hatch is a place where mothers can bring their babies , usually newborn , and leave them anonymously in a safe place to be found and cared for .
Rumi and Jawi are co-official in Brunei .
Frequency is the number of occurrences of a repeating event per unit time .
He made his film debut as a thug in the 1974 Charles Bronson film Death Wish .
The Tridentine Mass is the form of the Roman Rite Mass contained in the typical editions of the Roman Missal that were published from 1570 to 1962 . It was the most widely celebrated Mass liturgy in the world until the introduction of the Mass of Paul VI in December 1969 .
F. & J. Heinz launched their tomato ketchup in 1876 .
SANAA ( Sejima and Nishizawa and Associates ) is an architectural firm based in Tokyo .
Julio Ricardo Cruz ( born 10 October 1974 in Santiago del Estero ) is an Argentine footballer who currently is a free agent .
The federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate was established on 30 August 1946 .
The name was coined as an ironic contrast to the designation Munro , used of a Scottish mountain with a height of more than , which is homophonous with ( Marilyn ) Monroe .
The Pennines are a low-rising mountain range in Northern England and Southern Scotland .
They mostly live hidden in the ground , which makes them the least explored order of amphibians , and widely unknown .
Alma was the first tropical storm on record to strike the Pacific coast of Nicaragua .
He is a legendary figure among chefs and gourmets , and was one of the most important leaders in the development of modern French cuisine .
It has a population of 30,500 (/O2008/O) and is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
Vimy is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A battalion is a military unit of around 300 -- 1,300 soldiers usually consisting of between two and seven companies and typically commanded by either a Lieutenant Colonel or a Colonel .
February 18 -- Fort St. Louis is established by a Frenchman at Matagorda Bay , thus forming the basis for France 's claim to Texas .
Each event featured professional wrestlers from WWE competing in various professional wrestling match types .
The band recorded several albums , achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 ) , Wish You Were Here ( 1975 ) , Animals ( 1977 ) , and The Wall ( 1979 ) ; all except Animals peaked at number one on the United States record chart .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , which is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code ( except UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom ) .
Conversely , sometimes unrelated taxa acquire similar appearance through convergent evolution or even through mimicry .
In the months before Ayers ' memoir was published on September 10 , 2001 , the author gave numerous interviews with newspaper and magazine writers in which he defended his overall history of radical words and actions .
This layer is the domain of fish such as tuna , many sharks , dolphin fish , and jellyfish .
Rio Salado Community College
She returned in the following serial Logopolis , in which the Fourth Doctor regenerated , and remained as a companion of the Fifth Doctor .
The cemetery is currently in size .
The Cleveland Indians are a professional baseball team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
It became a more defined and formalised profession with the emergence of the architecture profession as distinct from the engineering profession during the industrial revolution in the late 19th Century .
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves Symmes and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island .
Together , the mines and galleries run for approximately 280 kilometers .
He was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks in the 8th round ( 157th overall ) in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft .
Patrick Jacques Roy ( ; born October 5 , 1965 ) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender .
In 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
The Mallard ( Anas platyrhynchosEtymology : Ancient Greek for '' flat-billed duck '' [ ] ) , probably the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks , is a dabbling duck which breeds throughout the temperate and sub-tropical areas of North America , Europe , Asia , Africa , New Zealand ( where it is currently the most common duck species ) , and Australia .
Ezio Pascutti ( born June 1 , 1937 in Mortegliano ) is an Italian former footballer .
Plants that were better at retaining insects or water therefore had a selective advantage .
The estimated year of Good Friday is AD 33 , by two different groups , and originally as AD 34 by Isaac Newton via the differences between the Biblical and Julian calendars and the crescent of the moon .
The town is the administrative centre of the Wellington Shire Local Government Area .
Buster Keaton ( October 4 , 1895 - February 1 , 1966 ) was an American comic actor , filmmaker , producer and writer .
Demographics
position = League Two , 20th
The Talmud has two components : the Mishnah ( c. 200 CE ) , the first written compendium of Judaism 's Oral Law ; and the Gemara ( c. 500 CE ) , a discussion of the Mishnah and related Tannaitic writings that often ventures onto other subjects and expounds broadly on the Tanakh .
He was most famous as being a production and character designer for Hanna-Barbera Productions shows such as Scooby-Doo .
The complex flavor of hoja santa is not so easily described ; it has been compared to eucalyptus , licorice , sassafras , anise , nutmeg , mint , tarragon , and black pepper .
God sends Moses to request the release of the Israelites .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing center , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
Naoki Matsuda ( Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma ) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
When done , the dish is kept warm aside on the griddle until someone orders a serving .
The Red-necked Wallaby ( Macropus rufogriseus ) is a medium-sized macropod , common in the more temperate and fertile parts of eastern Australia .
The Croatian Wikipedia is the Croatian version of Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia , started on February 16 , 2003 .
Its only known species is Darwinius masillae , dated to 47 million years ago ( Lutetian stage ) based on dating of the fossil site .
The urban area , including surrounding parishes , had a population of 43,867 at the 2001 census , though this figure has increased in recent years .
These banana fiber rugs are woven by traditional Nepalese hand-knotting methods , and are sold RugMark certified .
Autremencourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
King 's College Chapel is the chapel to King 's College of the University of Cambridge , and is one of the finest examples of late Gothic ( Perpendicular ) English architecture .
The Pitman arm is a linkage attached to the steering gear ( see recirculating ball ) sector shaft , that converts the angular motion of the sector shaft into the linear motion needed to steer the wheels .
The principal difference between thin film and thick film resistors is not the actual thickness of the film , but rather how the film is applied to the cylinder ( axial resistors ) or the surface ( SMD resistors ) .
'' AC\/DC '' is an abbreviation meaning '' alternating current\/direct current '' electricity .
Through soccer fanatics , D aji is viewed as perhaps one of the most underrated players in European football , partly because he played in Yugoslavia .
In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly , Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a '' great sense of relief bordering on liberation '' on relinquishing the '' burdens of office '' .
Born in Petersburg , Indiana , and raised in Evansville , Indiana , he was first a lawyer and then served as general for the Union in the American Civil War .
Apalachicola is a city in Franklin County , Florida , on US 98 about southwest of Tallahassee .
Like US-International , UK-Extended does not cater for many languages written with Latin characters , including Romanian and Turkish , or any using different character sets such as Greek and Russian .
image_skyline = TurnulChindiei .
The old cemetery caved into the river around 1937 .
The Kooks - '' Crazy '' ( originally by Gnarls Barkley )
Both towns were isolated for several days and there was major disruption to the potable water supply and local agricultural production .
Year 1385 ( MCCCLXXXV ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In lawns and gardens , it can become a weed .
January 24 - NASA 's Opportunity , the second of the Mars Exploration Rovers , lands successfully on Mars .
Saint-Aignan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Eoin Colfer 's Legend of the Worst Boy in the World (/O2007/O)
Track 3 , '' New Friend Request '' and track 8 , '' It 's OK , but Just this Once ! ''
The first single released from the album was '' Sanso Gateun Neo '' ( ( Love Like Oxygen ) , lit .
These units are part of Alstom 's '' Juniper '' family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 458 .
Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta ( around 0.4 ) , suggests that the components are about 7 km across .
Legumes are the genera and species of the Magnoliophyta family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Branches of philosophy like logic devote much effort to distinguish the dubious , the probable and the certain .
For the 2009 season , Mercedes-Benz also supplied the Brawn GP and Force India teams with engines .
The Prime Minister of Australia is the head of government of the Commonwealth of Australia , holding office on commission from the Governor-General of Australia .
The seed of a higher plant is a small package produced in a fruit or cone after the union of male and female sex cells .
Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
Nottingham ( Unitary )
A pentatonic scale is a musical scale with five notes per octave in contrast to a heptatonic ( seven note ) scale such as the major scale and minor scale .
Zaandam ( ) is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland .
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ferfay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Integration of a multi-core chip drives production yields down and they are more difficult to manage thermally than lower-density single-chip designs .
East Northamptonshire
This is a regional school district that incorporates two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school .
Rodolpho Barteczko ( 12 November 1910 - 13 March 1988 ) , best known as Patesko , was a Brazilian football striker .
His language abilities allowed him to preach in English , French , and German , and his sermons were translated into over a dozen other languages .
Geography The lake was named after Edward John Eyre who was the first European to sight it in 1840 .
The city was essentially founded after Britain ceded the island to France in 1887 .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee . Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together , stirring it and leaving to brew for a few minutes , then pressing the plunger to trap the coffee grounds at the bottom of the beaker .
The story is about Aeneas 's search for a new homeland and his war to found a city .
Camiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in France .
Elevators are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables or counterweight systems like a hoist , or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston like a jack .
Hemis National Park ( or Hemis High Altitude National Park ) is a high altitude national park in the Eastern Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India .
Ame-no-Uzume-no-Mikoto is still worshipped today as a Shinto kami , spirits indigenous to Japan .
It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Wernher von Braun was said to be the preeminent rocket engineer of the 20th century .
Examples include the Creative MuVo , Philips GoGear and the iPod shuffle .
Big Joe Turner was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Rougeries is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Additionally , the influence of the cyclone lowered temperatures along the Indian coastline , which had been affected by a severe heat wave .
After aestivating in spring , the plant sends up five to eleven narrow and nearly vertical green leaves , each up to 40 c in length .
A year later she appeared on a NHK broadcast , and impressed the Japanese composer Masao Koga with her singing ability .
Biography Home Made Kazoku is a three member band consisting of members Micro , Kuro and founding member , DJ U-Ichi .
When she wins first prize in a local art competition for a portrait of Homer on the couch in his underwear , Mr. Burns commissions her to paint a portrait of him .
This single also helped Selena gain acceptance in Mexico and tour all over the country .
Year 7 ( VII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
These changes can be attributed to Robert McNamara who was appointed to the presidency in 1968 by Lyndon B. Johnson .
Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga ( born May 23 , 1956 in Alonsotegi , Biscay ) , Goiko for short , is a former Spanish footballer and a current coach .
Reductions in its extent began in 1753 , when the northern part of it became Rowan County .
During his 25-year tenure as Alabama 's head coach , he amassed six national championships and thirteen conference championships .
In 1790 he was elected United States Senator .
A by-product is a secondary or incidental product deriving from a manufacturing process , a chemical reaction or a biochemical pathway , and is not the primary product or service being produced .
October 9th is not associated with any particular event in Leif Erikson 's life .
Trains also depart for Zermatt from farther down the valley at Visp and Brig , which are on the main Swiss rail network .
Economic importance Although the Livingstone Falls prevent access from the sea , nearly the entire Congo is readily navigable in sections , especially between Kinshasa and Kisangani .
The Cat Who Sang for the Birds (/O1999/O)
Aside from Serling himself , who crafted nearly two-thirds of the series ' total episodes , writers for The Twilight Zone included leading genre authors such as Charles Beaumont , Richard Matheson , Jerry Sohl , George Clayton Johnson , Earl Hamner , Jr. , Reginald Rose , Harlan Ellison and Ray Bradbury .
This usage is n't consistent , as sometimes the term channel refers to an individual measured item , with parameter referring to the setup information about that channel .
Berne , Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States .
After the circulation dissipated , the remnant low continued its general west-northwest track to the south of a rebuilding subtropical ridge in the central Atlantic .
The Boys ( soundtrack album ) , by The Necks , for the 1998 Australian film ( see below )
The municipality had 468 inhabitants in 1798 and 5191 in 1970 .
Arad ( ; , ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana ( most of it ) and Banat ( south of the Mures\/Maros river ) , with the capital city at Arad ( population : 185,272 ) .
Terry '' Tank '' Johnson ( born December 7 , 1981 in ) is an American football defensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
Wood Green , opened September 19 , 1932 .
Classification Finnish is a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Finno-Ugric group of languages which in turn is a member of the Uralic family of languages .
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany .
In 1509 Cranach went to the Netherlands , and painted the Emperor Maximilian and the boy who afterwards became Emperor Charles V. Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with his initials .
Blowfish in practice Blowfish is a fast block cipher , except when changing keys .
History '' Universal Music '' was once the music company attached to film studio Universal Pictures .
Jules Jean Baptiste Vincent Bordet ( 13 June 1870 -- 6 April 1961 ) was a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist .
An early and highly influential block cipher design was the Data Encryption Standard ( DES ) , developed at IBM and published as a standard in 1977 .
He was in charge of a museum in Subotica for the rest of his life .
The Singapore Arms and Flag and National Anthem Rules define the flag 's composition and the symbolism of its elements : red symbolises '' universal brotherhood and equality of man '' , and white , '' pervading and everlasting purity and virtue '' .
Perch have '' rough '' or ctenoid scales .
Year 1568 ( MDLXVIII ) was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar .
Because none of the major political events were changed in the book , Adichie said that the book contained '' emotional truth , '' and that the book showed the war had a significant impact upon the people of Nigeria .
The 1730s decade ran from January 1 , 1730 , to December 31 , 1739 .
The sixth and final season of the American serial drama television series Lost commenced airing in the United States and Canada on February 2 , 2010 .
For blocks shorter than 3 months , it is recommended that you do not duplicate this notice on a blocked IP 's talk page and instead use other user block templates to provide immediate notification to the vandal of the block .
The HPC serves as a center of excellence in quantitative precipitation forecasting , medium range forecasting ( three to eight days ) and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models .
The title is referenced in the track '' My Apocalypse '' .
but grew up in Titusville , Florida , the son of a preacher with one brother and two sisters .
Leopold '' Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
According to Maerz and Paul in their Dictionary of Color , the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in English was in 1858 .
Fluid mechanics can be divided into fluid kinematics , the study of fluid motion , and fluid dynamics , the study of the effect of forces on fluid motion , which can further be divided into fluid statics , the study of fluids at rest , and fluid kinetics , the study of fluids in motion .
Joseph Stalin wanted to bring all of Germany under Soviet influence , but when the West resisted this idea , he sought to create a united Germany which would be non-aligned ( the '' Stalin Note '' ) . When the West resisted these efforts , Stalin decided to focus his efforts on the Soviet occupation zone .
The film ranked number 16 on Entertainment Weeklys list of the 50 Best High School Movies .
C. B. Ferster & B. F. Skinner , (/O1957/O) Schedules of Reinforcement .
Formality is also determined by the type and color of accessories , the fabric , and the number or absence of kamon ( family crests ) , with five crests signifying extreme formality .
The Best is Yet to Come Pavarotti : The Best is Yet to Come , Interviewed by Lara Saint Paul : Penrith City Library Catalogue Pavarotti 's rise to stardom was not without occasional difficulties , however .
Yoshio Furukawa ( born July 5 , 1934 ) is a former Japanese football player .
His famous series of sixteen great designs for the ApocalypseJohannesapokalypse in klassischen Comics are dated 1498 .
John Tyler , Jr. ( March 29 , 1790 January 18 , 1862 ) was the tenth President of the United States ( 1841 -- 1845 ) and the first ever to obtain that office via succession .
Cetartiodactyla is the clade in which whales ( including dolphins ) and even-toed ungulates have currently been placed .
Forest of Marston Vale
It consists of the northern access channel of , the canal itself of and of the southern access channel of .
The Telling is a 2000 science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin set in her fictional universe of Hainish Cycle .
A shear stress , denoted ( Greek : tau ) , is defined as a stress which is applied parallel or tangential to a face of a material , as opposed to a normal stress which is applied perpendicularly .
The Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their envisaged top speed of 225 km\/h ( 140 mph ) .
Unlike the previous Game Boy Advance models , Game Boy Micro is unable to support Game Boy and Game Boy Color titles .
It stars Leon Robinson , Doug E. Doug , Malik Yoba , and Rawle D. Lewis , with John Candy as Irv Blitzer , the retired bobsledder and coach of the Jamaican bobsledders .
It is commonly referred to as just '' Ja , vi elsker '' ( '' Yes , we love '' ) .
Justin Raymond Hoyte ( born 20 November 1984 in Waltham Forest , England ) is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough .
History Municipalities In the province , there are six municipalities ( municipios ) and seven municipal districts ( distrito municipal ) within them .
Reading Abbey is founded in England .
He was close to the Mozart family until 1778 , when contacts were broken off after he failed to make good on a promise to arrange an opera commission for Mozart at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples . Earlier , the Mozarts found his dynamic personality irrestisible .
He also starred that year in the smaller films Fandango and American Flyers .
The population of the metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants as per the 1999 census .
To artificially produce a light beam , a lamp and a parabolic reflector is used in many lighting devices such as spotlights , car headlights , PAR Cans and LED housings .
At in 2007 , she defeated Melina to win her first WWE Women 's Championship and became the first former Diva Search contestant to win a WWE title .
By the 16th century a more conventional leather shoe with separate wooden pieces on the heel and toe called '' flats '' became popular , from where the terms '' heel and toe '' and '' flat footing '' derive .
The law of conservation of mechanical energy states that if a body or system is subjected only to conservative forces the total mechanical energy of that body or system remains constant . In an isolated system where only conservation forces are acting , the total mechanical energy is conserved .
The '' borough '' of the opera is a fictional village which shares some similarities with Crabbe 's , and later Britten 's , own home Aldeburgh , on England 's east coast , around 1830 .
In 1900 , he formed a business partnership with his father to sell Woodmen of the World Insurance but was struck by severe laryngitis in March that resulted in a complete loss of speech .
This list of sex positions describes the sex positions which people may adopt for the purpose of sexual intercourse and other sexual acts .
He was so talented that he soon became a teaching assistant in Fétis 's class .
Hurricane Pauline was the deadliest storm of the season .
Escragnolles is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It has been officially certified Platinum in Canada . .
On warm days vaporised Eucalyptus oil rises above the bush to create the characteristic distant blue haze of the Australian landscape .
The more than 3,000 prehistoric standing stones were hewn from local rock and erected by the pre-Celtic people of Brittany , and are the largest such collection in the world .
Gilbert is best known as a child actress who co-starred as Charles Ingalls 's ( played by Michael Landon ) second daughter , Laura Ingalls Wilder , on the dramatic television series Little House on the Prairie ( 1974 - 1984 ) .
In addition to ( or in place of ) the intended therapeutic effect of a treatment , a therapist may cause undesired ( adverse ) effects as well .
Tupigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Christian priests came and cursed them until they took a big stone and sailed away with it .
She is the queen each country separately , but she lives in the United Kingdom , her oldest '' realm '' .
Brideshead Revisited , The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by the English writer Evelyn Waugh , first published in 1945 .
The continent of Gondwana was named by Austrian scientist , Eduard Suess , after the Gondwana region of central northern India ( from Sanskrit gondavana '' forest of the Gonds '' ) , from which the Gondwana sedimentary sequences ( Permian-Triassic ) are also described .
Adults may experience discomfort or burning .
It operates between the United Kingdom and North America , the Caribbean , Africa , the Middle East , Asia , and Australia from main bases at London Heathrow and London Gatwick .
I always thought I could have done it better -- it was more my style than his .
It started with Super Mario Land 3 : Wario Land , the first game with Wario as a playable character , and gained many sequels .
The Network File System is an open standard defined in RFCs , allowing anyone to implement the protocol .
As a result of its location in the path of major sea routes , Sri Lanka is a strategic naval link between West Asia and South East Asia .
Following Monroe 's success in these roles , Hyde negotiated a seven-year contract for her with 20th Century Fox , shortly before his death in December 1950 .
These bombings resulted in the immediate deaths of around 120,000 people and more over time , because of the nuclear radiation .
With , it is about the size of Estonia , or half the size of Portugal , and has a variety of habitats including coastal planes , lakes , mountain forest , mangroves and many others .
'' Paracelsus '' , meaning '' equal to or greater than Celsus '' , refers to the Roman encyclopedist Aulus Cornelius Celsus from the first century known for his tract on medicine .
In 1644 , he received a charter creating the colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , named for the principal island in Narragansett Bay and the Providence settlement which provided a refuge for religious minorities .
Qi graduated with a major in physical education .
On the other hand , organizations such as MindFreedom International and World Network of Users and Survivors of Psychiatry maintain that psychiatrists exaggerate the evidence of medication and minimize the evidence of adverse drug reaction .
Into the coffers of that lot , What work creates has melted In demanding that they give it back The people wants only its due .
European harps in medieval and Renaissance times usually had a bray pin fitted to make a buzzing sound when a string was plucked .
Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973 .
A Canadian buoy also recorded extremely high seas .
Framingham has three colleges , including Framingham State University and Massachusetts Bay Community College 's Framingham Campus .
By paying high tribute , Ivan won an important concession from the Khan .
They had less vinegar than modern ketchups ; by pickling ripe tomatoes , the need for benzoate was eliminated without spoilage or degradation in flavor .
Frévillers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Don Quixote is cited as the first classic model of the modern romance or novel , and it has served as the prototype of the comic novel .
Year 1685 ( MDCLXXXV ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
A frame allows a bowler two chances to knock down all ten pins .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
King Fahd died in July 2005 .
It was the search for Burke and Will that led to the opening up of the country for the pastoral industry .
Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address is itself referenced in another of those famed orations , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's '' I Have a Dream '' speech .
The Story of the Kelly Gang ( 1906 ) traces the life of the legendary Australian bushranger , Ned Kelly ( 1855-1880 ) .
The River Tone is a river in Somerset , that flows through Taunton and joins the River Parrett .
Kournikova holds her racket in her right hand but uses both hands when she plays backhand shots .
Kadokawa Shoten
The Esperanto Wikipedia ( , or ) is the Esperanto edition of Wikipedia .
Yass is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Yass Valley Shire .
The green and yellow colors in the middle refer to the most commonly used of the four colors of the national flag to represent Brazil .
It is one of the best known eclipsing binaries , the first such star to be discovered , and also one of the first ( non-nova ) variable stars to be discovered .
As indicated by its initial name , the UMP generally supported the policies of President Chirac .
The name Glinde was first mentioned in a document dated from March 25 , 1229 .
In China , the PQ46 Passat was released by FAW-VW as the Magotan , after Volkswagen 's other joint venture in China , Shanghai Volkswagen had decided to continue using the B5 platform for the Passat and the Passat Lingyu ( long-wheelbase Passat ) .
On 2 March 2008 , Dmitry Medvedev was elected President of Russia , whilst Putin became Prime Minister .
The IAEA was established as an autonomous organization on 29 July 1957 .
In 1986 , the album Emotional was released , produced by Rob and Ferdi Bolland ( Bolland & Bolland ) .
Abbottabad ( ) is a city located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Death Angel is a Filipino-American thrash metal band from Concord , California .
Other entertainment websites , including various gaming sites , were also blacked out , or had corresponding links to earthquake donations .
Categorization for articles on characters of the television series The Simpsons .
Alexander Andrijevski ( born 10 August 1968 in Minsk , Soviet Union ) is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Samuel '' Sam '' Allardyce ( born 19 October 1954 ) is an English football manager and former professional player .
to prepare oxygen ,
That is allowed by law because public domain software has no restrictions on derivative works ( software which uses existing sofware and changes it to make it better ) or anything , because public domain is no copyright at all .
About 70 percent of bats are insectivores .
Middle East
Tomonori Tateishi ( born April 22 , 1974 in Chiba , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
This is shown when in 1990 , Brehme placed spot kick was taken with his right , but four years earlier in 1986 Brehme scored in the quarter final penalty shootout against Mexico , with a left foot piledriver .
It is also pronounced differently : a worldwide system used by blind and visually impaired people for reading and writing .
Since Wittgenstein thought that the Tractatus had solved all the problems of philosophy , he left philosophy and returned to Austria to train as a primary school teacher .
The first to fill the role , David Mellor , dubbed it '' Minister of Fun '' , and the position is currently held by Ben Bradshaw .
'' Picasa '' is a blend of the name of Spanish painter Pablo Picasso , the phrase mi casa for '' my house '' and '' pic '' for pictures ( personalized art ) .
The variations described below assume that you are already familiar with five-card stud and seven-card stud , and with the game play of poker in general .
There were two points into to the bunker ( escape hatches ) which were guarded by military police , and access was gained via the bottom level .
The former peaked at # 9 on Billboards Top Tracks chart and has remained a staple of pop , hard rock and classic rock radio for more than 25 years .
Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005\/06 season .
As a central element it shows a golden aquila holding a cross in its beak and a mace and a sword in its claws .
However , since velocity is a vector , acceleration describes the rate of change of both the magnitude and the direction of velocity .
The Pipeline and Storage segment provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for affiliated and non-affiliated companies .
Located about 80 kilometers north of Venice , Belluno is the capital of the province of Belluno and the most important city in the Eastern Dolomiti 's region .
He was able to start the devolution process , and worked endlessly on creating the Scotland Act , popularly known as Smith 's '' unfinished business '' .
Perwez is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
The most important of these , the ' , involves the progressive nudging of the object balls down a rail , ideally moving them just a few centimeters on each count , keeping them close together and positioned at the end of each stroke in the same or near the same configuration such that the nurse can be replicated again and again .
Hugo Wolf ( 13 March 1860 - 22 February 1903 ) was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin , particularly noted for his art songs , or lieder .
Brindle is a coat coloring pattern in animals , particularly dogs , cats , cattle , crested geckos and , rarely , horses .
The Transcaucasus is bordered on the north by Russia , on the west by the Black Sea and Turkey , on the east by the Caspian Sea , and on the south by Iran .
KIPP-Blytheville , a charter school , is also in Blytheville . Blytheville also has a community college , Arkansas Northeastern College .
Starting from the 1980s , the region attracted an intense flux of immigrants , in particular from China .
Hamilton 's lead in the drivers ' championship was cut to two points , and a subsequent appeal by McLaren to the FIA World Motor Sport Council was rejected on the grounds that the case was inadmissible .
The music , attributed to Claudio Monteverdi , is a setting of a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello .
Soon after the announcement of the lawsuit settlement , Jared and 30 Seconds To Mars told MTV News that their third album had its release date pushed back from April 2009 to some time in September 2009 .
Of humble parentage , he was educated at the college of the Oratorians of Troyes and Paris .
Charles Hardin Holley ( September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 ) , known professionally as Buddy Holly , was an American singer-songwriter and a pioneer of rock and roll .
The ECSC was established in 1967 by the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court Order No. 223 of 1967 .
August is the eighth month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
During the Second World War in 1937 , Tsinghua University along with Peking University and Nankai University , merged to form Changsha Temporary University in Changsha , and later National Southwestern Associated University in Kunming of Yunnan province .
It was replaced with Fabian in the 1985 season .
Les Bordes-Aumont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Marussia Virgin Racing , the trading name of Manor Grand Prix Racing Limited , and formerly known simply as Virgin Racing , is a Formula One racing team , which made its debut in the 2010 Formula One season .
Hiroto Mogi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
The short airstrip is at the base of a gentle slope ending directly on the beach at St Jean .
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books on economic policy , as well as two versions of his memoirs .
The men were quickly targeted over the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the sole male .
The Japanese given name naomi ( pronounced nah-oh-mee ) is composed of two Kanji characters : ( nao ) honest , straight and ( mi ) beautiful .
Punts were originally built as cargo boats or platforms for fowling and angling , but in modern times their use is almost exclusively confined to pleasure trips .
It was adapted into a film named Percy Jackson and the Olympians : The Lightning Thief which was released in the United States on February 12 , 2010 .
Only one unit was built , no. 89001 , which was officially named Avocet by the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on 16 January 1989 at Sandy , Bedfordshire - the home of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( whose logo is an Avocet ) .
It gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles ( 490 km ) south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was located 200 miles ( 320 km ) south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
Fourches is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It has a higher market price than green kiwifruit .
Males grow up to a body length of long and weigh up to .
Party may also refer to :
The degree is granted by medical schools .
It is also the birthplace of hockey Hall of Fame member Cecil '' Tiny '' Thompson .
The couple have three children and currently reside in Los Angeles .
This was before the establishment of the French Armenian Legion .
Saint-Laurent-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Grameen Bank is the only business corporation to have won a Nobel Prize .
Peake 's selection as VA secretary was announced on October 30 , 2007 .
By December 2006 , governments were reviewing the revised summary for policy makers .
Servignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Helsinki is the capital and largest city in Finland .
Some Rubies are colored the color shown below as rich carmine .
He arranged several works for oboe and orchestra for her , including a concerto by Handel .
The Mask : The Animated Series is a television animated series based on the comic book superhero , The Mask , but is a sequel to the 1994 film adaptation .
The Ohio State College of Medicine is located on the southern edge of the central campus .
In addition , the soap reduces evaporation , making the bubbles last longer , but this effect is relatively small .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church ( or CCC ) is the official text of the teachings of the Catholic Church .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) .
The Congo national football team , nicknamed the Diables Rouges ( Red Devils ) , is the national team of the Republic of the Congo and is controlled by the Fédération Congolaise de Football .
However , the Alliance for the Future of Austria announced the people 's initiative '' Preisstop jetzt ! ''
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
They may be brick-and-mortar stores or internet only stores or a combination of both .
On his journey , he meets four young companions : Cera , a Three-Horn ( Triceratops ) ; Ducky , a Big Mouth ( Saurolophus ) ; Petrie , a Flyer ( Pteranodon ) ; and Spike , a Spike-Tail ( Stegosaurus ) .
Its 2000 population of 51,480 makes it the fourteenth largest city in Minnesota .
Before the Columbian Exchange , there were no oranges in Florida , no bananas in Ecuador , no paprika in Hungary , no tomatoes in Italy , no coffee in Colombia , no pineapples in Hawaii , no rubber trees in Africa , no cattle in Texas , no donkeys in Mexico , no chili peppers in Thailand and India , no cigarettes in France , and no chocolate in Switzerland .
Diagnosis can be made by sending a specimen , collected during the first five days for analysis .
A larger study started later by Franciszek Piper used timetables of train arrivals combined with deportation records to calculate 960,000 Jewish deaths and 140,000-150 ,000 ethnic Polish victims , along with 23,000 Roma and Sinti , a figure that has met with significant agreement from other scholars .
Its boundaries include Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , East Sussex , Hampshire , Isle of Wight , Kent , Oxfordshire , Surrey and West Sussex .
Evidence from sequencing mitochondrial DNA indicated that no significant gene flow occurred between H. neanderthalensis and H. sapiens , and , therefore , the two were separate species that shared a common ancestor about 660,000 years ago .
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
Europa 's undergroun ocean was later confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo .
Poverty , social exclusion and war are at the heart of human trafficking .
There were cities in the vicinities of Beijing by the 1st millennium BC , and the capital of the State of Yan , one of the powers of the Warring States Period ( 473-221 BC ) , Ji , was established in present-day Beijing .
Some of these procedures are done for purely diagnostic purposes ( e.g. , angiogram ) , while others are done for treatment purposes ( e.g. , angioplasty ) .
Thomas Quasthoff won the Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance in 2000 .
Soundgarden Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto 's temporary successor on bass .
Plot summary The story takes place at the castellated abbey of the '' happy and dauntless and sagacious '' Prince Prospero .
The opera is based on the novella Death in Venice by Thomas Mann .
Laika , a stray , originally named Kudryavka ( Little Curly ) , underwent training with two other dogs , and was eventually chosen as the occupant of the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 that was launched into outer space on November 3 , 1957 .
She died seven weeks later , her system unprepared for the different nutritional and environmental conditions on the California mainland .
The text 's true authorship and date of composition or compilation are still debated .
In 1912 the Domowina , the organization of the Sorbs , was founded in the city .
Roundhay has a wide variety of housing .
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom ( born July 22 , 1965 ) , better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels , is an former American professional wrestler , currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he has served in an ambassadorial role since December 2010 .
In Romanesque and Gothic Christian abbey , cathedral basilica and church architecture , the nave is the central approach to the high altar , the main body of the church .
On May 2 , 1720 , the town rights were approved by King August II , and the town was allowed to organize one fair a week and four markets a year .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing ( ) , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi ( ) , is a Chinese classic text .
Its exclusive dealer in the US is ABC Companies .
In these countries , the CEO presides over the executive board and the chairperson presides over the supervisory board , and these two roles will always be held by different people .
( The date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error , since the publisher 's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work . )
The album reached # 21 on the Billboard 200 chart , and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s .
The term flocking is usually used to refer to swarming behavior in birds , while the terms shoaling or schooling are used to refer to swarming behavior in fish .
The astronomical symbol for Mercury is a stylized version of Hermes ' caduceus .
Complete body fossils have been formally described from the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shales of Yunnan , China ( Eognathacantha ercainella Chen & Huang and Protosagitta spinosa Hu ) and the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia ( Oesia disjuncta Walcott ) .
Lorentz ' name is now associated with the Lorentz-Lorenz formula , the Lorentz force , the Lorentzian distribution , and the Lorentz transformation .
This is also called pseudorandomness and is the kind used in pseudo-random number generators .
Fredrick Aaron '' Fred '' Savage ( born July 9 , 1976 ) is an American actor , director and producer of television and film .
He started his football career in his local club SV Greifenburg and played 2002 till 2007 for SV Spittal\/Drau .
Borgloon gave its name to the former county of Loon .
For example , the year of the Yang Fire Rat occurred in 1936 and in 1996 , 60 years apart .
Origins of the term The name means below red ( from the Latin infra , '' below '' ) , red being the color of the longest wavelengths of visible light .
Basly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Swiss Grand Prix -- , After 1955 Le Mans disaster , the Swiss government banned auto races in its territory .
The Edsel never gained popularity with contemporary American car buyers and sold poorly .
The koala has large , sharp claws to assist with climbing tree trunks .
It is produced either by the flowers , in which it attracts pollinating animals , or by extrafloral nectaries , which provide a nutrient source to animal mutualists providing anti-herbivore protection .
An Invitation to Contemporary Japanese 1st edition McGraw-Hill 1993 , page 29 '' The Japanese Writing System (/O2/O) Katakana '' ( called gairaigo ) .
The town has a population of around 102,400 and is still growing .
The regulation of gene activity has developed into a very large sub-discipline of molecular biology , and in truth exhibits enormous variety in mechanism and many levels of complexity .
Occasionally , a single storm will produce more than one tornado , either simultaneously or in succession .
Tiktaalik is a genus of extinct sarcopterygian ( lobe-finned '' fish '' ) from the late Devonian period , with many features akin to those of tetrapods ( four-legged animals ) .
During his club career he played for Hessen Kassel .
Major battles during the Wars of Scottish Independence took place at the Stirling Bridge in 1297 and at the nearby village of Bannockburn in 1314 involving Scottish freedom fighters William Wallace and Robert the Bruce respectively .
Psychology To declare that a person is '' seeing through rose-colored glasses '' implies that they are an optimist , only seeing the good and neglecting to notice the bad .
Axell , p. 16 The names of four sub-units within the Kamikaze Special Attack Force were Unit Shikishima , Unit Yamato , Unit Asahi , and Unit Yamazakura .
Along the banks of the river , the presence of swamps and lakes provide a rich growing area for crops such as legumes , chillies , mustard , sesame , sugarcane , and jute .
In addition to numerous species of wild pig , the family includes the babirusa Babyrousa babyrussa and the warthog Phacochoerus aethiopicus .
Odyssey BMX , a BMX bicycle parts company
It should be kept away from extremely cold drafts , and grows best in strong sunlight , therefore a greenhouse or row cover is ideal if available .
Ella Jane Fitzgerald ( April 25 , 1917 - June 15 , 1996 ) , also known as the '' First Lady of Song '' and '' Lady Ella , '' was an American jazz and song vocalist .
May 23 & ndash ; The Second Defenestration of Prague & ndash ; Protestant noblemen hold a mock trial and throw two direct representatives of Ferdinand II of Germany ( Imperial Governors ) and their scribe out of a window into a pile of manure , exacerbating a low-key rebellion into the Bohemian Revolt ( 1618 -- 1621 ) precipitating the Thirty Years ' War into armed conflict and further polarizing Europe on religious grounds .
Within two years , she had remarried , this time to Frank McCarroll , the local station manager for the Southern Pacific Railroad .
Early Egyptian medicine was based mostly on a mixture of magic and religious spells .
Meppel Meppel received city rights in 1809 .
Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
It follows the adventures of humanity 's first Warp 5 starship , the Enterprise , ten years before the United Federation of Planets shown in previous Star Trek series was formed .
Magilton was sacked in April 2009 , and replaced by Roy Keane .
The band had been working on new material since January 2006 . By October 2007 , Armstrong had 45 songs written , but the band showed no further signs of progress until October 2008 , when two videos showing the band recorded in the studio with producer Butch Vig were posted on YouTube .
King Athelstan succeeds to the throne of Mercia .
Michael Gerard '' Mike '' Tyson ( born June 30 , 1966 ) is a retired American boxer .
Retrieved 01-28-2009 where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering .
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms .
She transitioned to a film career , starring in several films aimed at teenage audiences , including She 's the Man (/O2006/O) and Hairspray (/O2007/O) .
El Gato Negro ( The Black Cat ) is the name of two fictional American comic book superheroes created by Richard Dominguez and featured in the Azteca Productions ' Universe .
Creative and performing arts Nearly all churches feature some form of worship music , whether from a choir , orchestra , or worship band , whether accompanied or a cappella .
The NIO is led by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , and is based in Northern Ireland at Stormont House .
The Daily Collegian ( B ) Ultra Beatdown review .
Soon after retaining the title in a feud with Eddie Guerrero , WWE.com reported that Batista suffered a muscle tear in his back at the taping for the November 11 edition of SmackDown !
The animal can withdraw completely into its shell and close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles .
He also goes so far as to describe two sets of clothing for her in his General Prologue .
Beveridge Post Office opened on 1 January 1865 .
Brasschaat is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Brasschaat proper .
The shores of the strait are heavily populated as the city of Istanbul ( with a metropolitan area in excess of 11 million inhabitants ) straddles it .
February 14 , 1943 ) was a German mathematician , recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
His style of dress is often referred to as dandyism , .
Despite its international fame , Basel 's population remains attached to Zoo Basel , which is entirely surrounded by the city of Basel .
Before the Spanish arrived , The Filipinos did not think of themselves as one people .
William W. ( Bill ) Gothard ( born November 2 , 1934 ) is an American Christian minister , speaker and writer , and the founder of the Institute in Basic Life Principles , notable for his ultraconservative teachings .
Many mosques today will put the women behind a barrier or partition or in another room against most Islamic beliefs .
s second anniversary , the show received a new logo and set .
He studied conducting with his father at the Moscow Conservatory and piano with Lev Oborin .
Ferdinando was heir to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany , with the title Grand Prince , from his father 's accession in 1670 until his death in 1713 .
Until the late 1950s , the relationship was essentially that of two developing countries .
The band got their break after Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 , and gave a copy of '' She 's Hearing Voices '' to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq .
The interval between two notes in cents is the base-21 / 1200 logarithm of the frequency ratio ( or 1200 times the base-2 logarithm ) .
Norman Ernest Borlaug ( March 25 , 1914 - September 12 , 2009 ) was an American agronomist , humanitarian , and Nobel laureate who has been called '' the father of the Green Revolution '' . Borlaug was one of only six people to have won the Nobel Peace Prize , the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal .
( born September 14 , 1986 ) is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
A hairstyle , hairdo , '' lowering of the ears '' or haircut refers to the styling of hair , usually on the human head .
Gottlieben is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
This simple theme cadences , and is followed by a declamatory theme played by violins .
And\/Or Press , 1980 .
His father wanted him to go into the family grocery business , but Monet wanted to become an artist .
Giannini AJ , Houser WL Jr , Loiselle RH , Giannini MC , Price WA .
The German name of the book was Diebe im Olymp ( OCLC ) .
Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The name Kentucky Bluegrass derives from its flower heads , which are blue when the plant is allowed to grow to its natural height of two to three feet .
She gave an interview in which she discussed the circumstances that led to her posing for the photographs , and the resulting publicity elicited a degree of sympathy for her plight as a struggling actress .
The cave contains the oldest known cave paintings , based on radiocarbon dating of '' black from drawings , from torch marks and from the floors '' , according to Jean Clottes .
There are two types of subatomic particles : elementary particles , which are not made of other particles , and composite particles .
The Kia Carens is a compact MPV launched in 1999 by the Korean manufacturer Kia and marketed worldwide under various nameplates , prominently as the Kia Rondo .
The university in the county town of Oxford ( whose name came from Anglo-Saxon Oxenaford = '' ford for oxen '' ) grew in importance during the Middle Ages and early modern period .
An American schooner blew ashore at Boca Raton , killing three and leaving the rest of the crew stranded for 12 hours until help arrived .
Froideville
It drifted through Central America , reformed in the Bay of Campeche , and ultimately struck Florida as a strong tropical storm .
While Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher had won the 2002 championship by 67 points from his team-mate Rubens Barrichello , the 2003 season was much closer .
Operation Brassard The Invasion Of Elba More recently , the island has become famed for its wine .
It is located in the south district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria , near the border with Austria , some 30 km south of Salzburg and 180 km southeast of Munich .
For example , few speakers of Interlingua consider their language artificial , since they assert that it has no invented content : Interlingua 's vocabulary is taken from a small set of natural languages , and its grammar is based closely on these source languages , even including some degree of irregularity ; its proponents prefer to describe its vocabulary and grammar as standardized rather than artificial or constructed .
That same year he traveled through France , the Netherlands and Germany .
Ski lifts operate year-round at Mount Buller allowing bikers to easily get to the top of downhill mountain biking runs .
Medicinally , saffron has a long history as part of traditional healing ; modern medicine has also discovered saffron as having anticarcinogenic ( cancer-suppressing ) , anti-mutagenic ( mutation-preventing ) , immunomodulating , and antioxidant-like properties .
Ness is also a playable character in Super Smash Bros. .
Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only true existence of the Godhead , a belief known as Monarchianism .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
\/O/ The priest ... shall offer it .
In 2003 , she moved to South Korea and started training at the age of fourteen .
Various funeral homes assisted with transporting bodies to Melbourne .
The London Convention , which prevents sea dumping , expires .
The Andasol solar power station is Europe 's first commercial parabolic trough solar thermal power plant , located near Guadix in the province of Granada , Spain .
Gypsy , West Virginia
During World War I , Olga nursed wounded soldiers in a military hospital until her own nerves gave out and , thereafter , oversaw administrative duties at the hospital .
James Strom Thurmond ( December 5 , 1902 -- June 26 , 2003 ) was an American politician who served as governor of South Carolina and as a United States Senator .
He is the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom , a role he was appointed to in May 2010 , and has been the Member of Parliament for Tatton since 2001 .
Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss ( The Boss ) , ( 16 August 1929 in Essen -- 14 August 2003 ) was a German football player .
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Underground station is on the Bank branch of the Northern Line between and , and also on the Circle , Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan Lines , between and .
He lived until 1998 to the age of 101 .
Graham John Yost ( born September 5 , 1959 ) is a Canadian film and television screenwriter .
It is situated on the banks of the Kama River , in the European part of Russia near the Ural Mountains .
Kendrick is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
Lytham Road closed in 1961 , Marton in 1962 , and the tramroad line on Dickson Road to North Station in 1963 .
A subsequent migration within and out of Africa eventually replaced the earlier dispersed H. erectus .
'' To the Fairies They Draw Near , Part II '' - Loreena McKennitt
Eisenstein felt the '' collision '' of shots could be used to manipulate the emotions of the audience and create film metaphors .
It runs partly on the surface and partly at deep level , from Elephant and Castle in the south-east to Harrow & Wealdstone in the north-west of London .
Accepted as a dwarf planet on July 11 , 2008 .
People or groups named Flame include :
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
In 1820 , the family moved a few miles to Haworth , where Patrick had been appointed Perpetual Curate .
In addition , every state and union territory has its own official languages , and the constitution also recognises in particular 21 other languages that are either abundantly spoken or have classical status .
Younha was once again chosen to be an anime theme songstress for Kiba .
Tebow keeps promise to team , fans , God , The Sports Network , January 9 , 2009 It has also been called the '' Gospel in a nutshell '' Max Lucado Launches John 3:16 Movement , Christian Post , Jan 8 , 2008 .
She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 1995 , representing the electorate of South Brisbane .
Levi Lincoln , Sr. ( May 15 , 1749 - April 14 , 1820 ) was an American revolutionary and statesman who served as a Minuteman at the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War , a state legislator in Massachusetts , a participant in Massachusetts ' state constitutional convention , Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts , a U.S. Representative , Attorney General for President Thomas Jefferson and Acting Secretary of State .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
He was placed second on TV Guide 's 2002 Top 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters , behind Bugs Bunny ; fifth on Bravo 's 100 Greatest TV Characters , one of only four cartoon characters on that list ; and first in a Channel 4 poll of the greatest television characters of all time .
He was born in 633\/632 BC and his birth name was Shallum .
As a Democratic-Republican he was selected as the fifth Vice President of the United States of America , serving under James Madison , from March 4 , 1813 , until his death a year and a half later .
Vodafone is a British mobile network operator with its headquarters in Newbury , Berkshire , England , UK .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer (/O1952/O) , and professor (/O1962/O) .
Since its original album release , '' A Day in the Life '' has been released as a B-side , and also on various compilation albums .
Benjamin Franklin , London , June 17 , 1758 In 1820 , British scientist and inventor Michael Faraday discovered that compressing and liquefying ammonia could chill air when the liquefied ammonia was allowed to evaporate .
An adjacent site , Fontana Ranuccio , was dated to 487,000 + \/O/ - 6000 years and Muttoni et al . suggest that Ceprano is most likely 450,000 years old .
The Movie left off , Lilo and Stitch are given the task of collecting the rest of Jumba 's missing experiments , changing them from bad to good , and finding the one place where they truly belong .
Les Loges-Saulces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Death masks were taken not only of deceased royalty and nobility ( Henry VIII , Sforza ) , but also of eminent persons- poets , philosophers , and dramaturges , such as Dante , Filippo Brunelleschi , Torquato Tasso , Blaise Pascal and Voltaire .
Activists in Portugal , Australia , the United States , and elsewhere pressured their governments to take action , with US President Bill Clinton eventually threatening Indonesia , in dire economic straits already , with the withdrawal of IMF loans .
BBC Radio 7 ( known until 4 October 2008 as BBC 7 ) is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy , drama , and children 's programming nationally 24 hours a day .
The Odyssey ( album ) , by Symphony X , or the title song ( see below )
DeMarcus Cousins ( born August 13 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player with the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association .
Pierre Boulle ( 20 February 1912 - 30 January 1994 ) was a French novelist largely known for two famous works , The Bridge over the River Kwai ( 1952 ) and Planet of the Apes ( 1963 ) .
The opera company which was founded under Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has been in existence since 1653 .
web link or Mongolian ) , also known as the boreal forest , is a biome characterized by coniferous forests .
Vigna angularis var .
It is cultivated there and in Southeast Asia , where it was introduced by the Spanish in the 17th century .
The pyramid then proceeds through the various trophic levels to the apex predators at the top .
However , he also wanted to stand for consul , the most senior magistracy in the republic .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 200 .
Using the once popular vortex theory of gravity the possibility of matter with negative gravity was discussed by William Hicks in the 1880s .
He graduated with a law degree ( cand .
Trochinbrod - ( Zofiowka ) ( translated from Hebrew by Karen Engel )
Rather , the teacher drilled students in the use of grammar .
In Greek mythology , the Nereids ( , ; ) are sea nymphs , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
The worst single loss of life took place on Tuesday 19 December 1944 , when the 367th Vergeltungswaffe 2 or V2 rocket to hit England fell on a residential street ( Henry Road ) near the Hoffmans ball bearing factory and not far from the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company factory in New Street which may also have been the target .
He was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Association 's ( AQHA ) Hall of Fame in 2008 .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee awards the Nobel Peace Prize each year .
The show was on TV for five seasons on The WB Network before moving to UPN for its last two seasons .
Some volume managers allow LVs to be resized in either direction while online .
Landscape comprises the visible features of an area of land , including physical elements such as landforms , living elements of flora and fauna , abstract elements like lighting and weather conditions , and human elements like human activity and the built environment .
Jack Davenport ( born 1 March 1973 ) is an English actor , best known for his roles in the television series This Life , Coupling and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
Dieter Burdenski ( born 26 November 1950 in Bremen , Germany ) is a former German football player .
If both contestants choose the split ball , the jackpot is split equally between them .
Coulomby is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Fiji have won the tournament twice .
Jet nozzle , used on gas cookers and many other applications
Vlad used severe methods to restore order , as he needed an economically stable country if he was to have any chance against his external enemies .
Yellowstone National Park has a mountainside containing obsidian located between Mammoth Hot Springs and the Norris Geyser Basin , and deposits can be found in many other western U.S. states including Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , Texas , Utah , Washington , Oregon and Idaho .
Cierges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger , Norway which incorporates a mixture of gothic metal and symphonic metal , as well as extreme metal and death metal elements .
He graduated in 2002 with a film degree from Wesleyan University where he served as president of the Eclectic Society .
For it to function properly , however , you need to add the following to your monobook .
Riboflavin is continuously excreted in the urine of healthy individuals , making deficiency relatively common when dietary intake is insufficient .
American Samoa and Pago Pago International Airport had historic significance with the U.S. Apollo Program .
The controversial barcode designed was recently removed by Ferrari for the start of the Spanish Grand Prix in the 2010 season but the barcode remains on drivers team gear .
of the dawn , who rose from her home at the edge of Oceanus , the Ocean that surrounds the world , to herald her brother Helios , the sun .
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by western countries .
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly ( September 24 , 1898 -- March 3 , 1990 ) was an American astronomer .
There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around 18 i long .
The Lombardi Program on Measuring University Performance at Arizona State University detailed analysis and rankings of American universities currently places Ohio State as the 24th ranked university in America , the 10th ranked public university in the country and the top overall university in Ohio .
This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for a set of variations forming the second movement of the Wanderer Fantasy .
India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which struck the Canary Islands as a strong extratropical storm causing significant damage and then crossed over Morocco with little impact there .
Isleham is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Cambridgeshire .
The Twins moved to Target Field for the 2010 Major League Baseball season after 28 seasons at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome .
Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is a diverse group that includes tyrannosaurs , ornithomimosaurs , and maniraptors ; Maniraptora includes birds , the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today .
Life After Life is a 1975 book written by psychiatrist Raymond Moody .
Basil is one of the main ingredients in pesto -- a green Italian oil-and-herb sauce .
In 2000 , Dushku starred alongside Kirsten Dunst in the hit cheerleader comedy Bring It On .
The church was consecrated in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia after the Reconquista , Pere d'Albalat , Archbishop of Tarragona , and was dedicated by order of James I the Conqueror to Saint Mary .
He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Craig C. Mello , for the discovery of RNA interference ( RNAi ) .
This article is about the '' Circles '' ( Kreise ) of Germany .
Polyps may be solitary or colonial , and some bud asexually by various means , making more polyps .
Zandhoven is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The mosque was constructed in 1527 by order of Babur , the first Mughal emperor of India .
Formula One portal The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
They include Chasing Dreams , Bull Durham , Field of Dreams , For Love of the Game and The Upside of Anger , in which his character is a former pro baseball player .
Internet Explorer was to be omitted from Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 in Europe but Microsoft ultimately included it , with a browser option screen allowing users to select any of several web browsers ( including Internet Explorer ) .
King Louis-Philippe ( July Monarchy France )
Biography Christopher Paolini was raised in the Paradise Valley , Montana area .
Elgersburg is a municipality in the district Ilm-Kreis , in Thuringia , Germany .
Instead he concentrated on conducting , and appeared at Covent Garden and in BBC radio broadcasts , and accompanied the ballet in European and American tours .
Cantor ( crater ) , a lunar crater
Royon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The band 's most recent album , Shaka Rock , was released on August 19 , 2009 .
McRae , A. 1998 .
William Sterndale Bennett was born in Sheffield , the son of Robert Bennett , the local Cathedral organist .
The document was drafted by a committee consisting of representatives John Adams of Massachusetts , Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania , Thomas Jefferson of Virginia , Robert R. Livingston of New York and Roger Sherman of Connecticut .
Set before , during , and immediately after the American Civil War , they are based on the 1980s trilogy of novels North and South by John Jakes .
A group home is a private residence designed or converted to serve as a non-secure home for unrelated persons who share a common characteristic .
The surrender was made complete on February 1 , and the remaining Dutch East India Company personnel left Taiwan on February 17 .
Ray Comfort Food official Blogger The Way of the Master the website for his ministry with Kirk Cameron .
April 23 -- 212th anniversary of William Shakespeare 's birth , and 160th anniversary of his death .
The Chicago Bears have the most Hall of Famers in the league at 27 .
In 1975 , Marley had his international breakthrough with his first hit outside Jamaica , '' No Woman , No Cry , '' from the Natty Dread album .
The term may also be applied to other granular materials .
The numbered keys used are '' 1 '' , '' 4 '' , and '' 7 '' for green notes , '' 2 '' , '' 5 '' , and '' 8 '' for red notes , and '' 3 '' , '' 6 '' , and '' 9 '' for yellow notes .
Singles match 1 The Rockers ( Shawn Michaels and Marty Jannetty ) defeated The Barbarian and Haku ( with Bobby Heenan ) .
Though founded in 1887 , under Jack Hyles ' leadership from 1959 & ndash ; 2001 it became one of the megachurches in the United States and during the 1970s had the highest Sunday school attendance of any church in the world .
Darlington has a population of 97,838 as of 2001 .
Cleo Virginia Andrews ( June 6 , 1923 - December 19 , 1986 ) , better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews , was an American novelist .
Saint Bernard of Clairvaux preaches the Second Crusade at Vezelay , Burgundy .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent parts of language features or libraries . Machine code should not be confused with so called '' bytecode '' , which is executed by an interpreter .
The most commonly encountered family relationship describes Horus as the son of Isis and Osiris but in another tradition Hathor is regarded as his mother and sometimes as his wife .
The first power plants were run on water power or coal , Pearl Street Station : The Dawn of Commercial Electric Power and today we rely mainly on coal , nuclear , natural gas , hydroelectric , and petroleum with a small amount from solar energy , tidal harnesses , wind generators , and geothermal sources .
Carlo Gesualdo , known as Gesualdo da Venosa ( March 8 , 1566 -- September 8 , 1613 ) , Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza , was an Italian music composer , lutenist and nobleman of the late Renaissance .
The drivers are named subwoofers ( for very low frequencies ) ; woofers ( low frequencies ) ; mid-range speakers ( middle frequencies ) ; tweeters ( high frequencies ) ; and sometimes supertweeters , optimized for the highest audible frequencies .
Henry Tudor became King Henry VII and married Elizabeth of York .
They are usually powered by small AAA or AA size batteries .
From 457 to 486 , under Aegidius and his son Syagrius , Noviodunum was the capital of the '' Kingdom of Soissons '' , until it fell to the Frankish king Clovis I in the Battle of Soissons .
There are 163 Verbandsgemeinden in Rhineland-Palatinate , which are grouped into the 24 districts and subdivided into nearly 2200 Ortsgemeinden .
The Wehrmacht ( Defence Force ) was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Today the theater is recognized as one of the leading opera and ballet theaters in the world and is home to the La Scala Theatre Chorus , La Scala Theatre Ballet and La Scala Theatre Orchestra .
Academically , Cambridge is consistently ranked in the world 's top five universities and as the best university in Europe .
In many countries like Singapore where Muslims are not the majority , mosques are prohibited from loudly broadcasting the call to prayer ( adhan ) , although it is supposed to be said loudly to the surrounding community .
Its widest width is .
The Bucket List is a 2008 comedy-drama film directed by Rob Reiner , written by Justin Zackham , and starring Academy Award-winners Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman .
Penis length did not influence slippage , but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated , with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage .
The department is headed by the United States Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis is the current Secretary of Labor .
Repnin also demanded religious freedom for the Protestant and Orthodox Christians , and the resulting reaction among some of Poland 's Roman Catholics , as well as the deep resentment of Russian intervention in the Commonwealth 's domestic affairs , led to the War of the Confederation of Bar from 1768 - 1772 , where the Poles tried to expel Russian forces from Commonwealth territory .
The remaining man escapes .
The vote was a consequence of an impasse in the Security Council in which the US refused to accept any candidate but Lie while the Soviet Union refused to consider Lie due to his involvement in the Korean War .
Watigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated , including the transcription , RNA splicing , translation , and post-translational modification of a protein .
Meilen District is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Further appendages are found on the abdomen , with each segment capable of carrying a pair of biramous pleopods , the last of which form part of the tail fan ( together with the telson ) and are called uropods .
In 2004 , the Allens department store chain in New South Wales and the ACT was taken over by Harris Scarfe from the Allen family .
Using a powder compact , he fashioned a small house for the tiny doll .
Overview and basic concepts In typical SNMP use , one or more administrative computers have the task of monitoring or managing a group of hosts or devices on a computer network .
Jerome Allen '' Jerry '' Seinfeld ( born April 29 , 1954 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor and writer , best known for playing a semi-fictional version of himself in the situation comedy Seinfeld ( 1989 -- 1998 ) , which he co-created and co-wrote with Larry David , and , in the show 's final two seasons , co-executive-produced .
Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group , often given the sub-order Rhopalocera , which includes Papilionoidea ( true butterflies ) , Hesperiidae ( skippers ) , and Hedylidae ( butterfly moths ) .
The pound-force ( symbol : lbF , from Latin libra ` pound ' and the symbol for force ) is a unit of force in systems of measurement including English Engineering units and British Gravitational units .
Burgundy is a shade of purplish red associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name , which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France .
While process advances will allow ever greater numbers of functional units ( e.g. , ALUs ) , the burden of checking instruction dependencies grows so rapidly that the achievable superscalar dispatch limit is fairly small .
He drives for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season .
In archaeology , a biface is a two-sided stone tool and is used as a multi purposes knife , manufactured through a process of lithic reduction , that displays flake scars on both sides .
She married him in 1821 .
Minneola is a city in Lake County , Florida , United States .
This character resembles the comic books ' character Quill ; however , the official cast credits read '' Kid Omega '' , although the writers on the DVD commentary give no doubt that it is , in fact , Quill .
The common names of true flies are written as two words , e.g. , crane fly , robber fly , bee fly , moth fly , fruit fly . The common names of non-dipteran insects that have '' fly '' in their name are written as one word , e.g. , butterfly , stonefly , dragonfly , scorpionfly , sawfly , caddisfly , whitefly .
Spyro : Enter the Dragonfly or Spyro 4 is the fourth game in the Spyro series . It is the first Spyro game for the sixth generation consoles , PlayStation 2 and GameCube , and the first console Spyro game not developed by Insomniac Games .
Alice receives mysterious directions from the Cheshire Cat ( Sterling Holloway ) , an eerily grinning feline that can disappear and reappear at will , which lead her to the garden of the March Hare ( Jerry Colonna ) , who is celebrating his '' unbirthday '' with the Mad Hatter ( Ed Wynn ) and the Dormouse .
At Cosimo 's suggestion , Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ( '' the Medician stars '' ) , honouring all four Medici brothers ( Cosimo , Francesco , Carlo , and Lorenzo ) .
He is considered to have been the world leading chess player in 1850 's & 1860 's .
Since bursting onto the international stage at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , he has become well-known for his knack of scoring headers and his front-flip goal celebration routine .
It flows east across the plains of Montana into North Dakota , then turns southeast , flowing into South Dakota , and along the north and eastern edge of Nebraska , forming part of its border with South Dakota and all of its border with Iowa , flowing past Sioux City and Omaha .
Cruise ships are organized much like floating hotels , with a complete hospitality staff in addition to the usual ship 's crew .
The impact left a crater approximately 23 k in diameter , which was a lake for several million years .
Charlize Theron ( ; born 7 August 1975 ) is a South African actress , film producer and former fashion model .
Rick Rubin was nominated for '' Producer of the Year , Non-Classical '' for his work on Death Magnetic , as well as other albums this past year .
Year 1787 ( MDCCLXXXVII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
By Topic Religion The Pantheon is consecrated to the Virgin Mary and all saints by Pope Boniface IV ( or 610 ) .
Additionally , during this time seminal Texas based bands , The Dicks and MDC , relocated from Austin to San Francisco .
Tracks 1 , 4 , and 6 produced and mixed by Mudrock and Mike Shinoda .
The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield versus John Cena for the WWE Championship , which Cena won by pinfall after performing an FU .
Energy conservation refers to efforts made to reduce energy consumption . Energy conservation can be achieved through increased efficient energy use , in conjunction with decreased energy consumption and\/or reduced consumption from conventional energy sources .
The airport serves as a focus city for AirTran Airways , American Airlines , JetBlue Airways and US Airways .
She has achieved seven Billboard Top 40 hits , and has three gold and two multi-platinum RIAA-certified albums .
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Belleydoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The first vehicle in the Hummer range was the Hummer H1 , based on the Humvee .
It is likely that King Henry IV ordered the death of Richard by starvation to prevent further uprisings .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
In 2004 , the Burnside sons opened Burnside Blues Cafe , located 30 miles southeast of Memphis at the intersection of U.S. Highway 78 and Mississippi Highway 7 in Holly Springs , Mississippi .
The shells of cowries are almost always smooth and shiny and more or less egg-shaped , with a long , narrow , slit-like opening ( aperture ) .
The Zambia national football team represents the country of Zambia in the sport of association football and is governed by the Football Association of Zambia . Before independence they were known as the Northern Rhodesia national football team .
Unlike mercury ( II ) chloride it is hardly soluble in water (
Takayuki Nakahara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vegalta Sendai .
In the specialised usage of astronomy and astrophysics , the term '' metal '' is often used to refer to any element other than hydrogen or helium , including substances as chemically non-metallic as neon , fluorine , and oxygen .
Europe is reported to have around 52 million inhabitants .
As with drip-brewed coffee , French pressed coffee can be brewed to any strength by adjusting the amount of ground coffee which is brewed .
The violence resulted in the killing of 20,000 to 30,000 Haitian civilians over a span of approximately five days .
Definition Historically , the term has denoted a kept woman , who was maintained in a comfortable ( or even lavish ) lifestyle by a wealthy man so that she will be available for his sexual pleasure .
Grendel returned to the bog to die and his arm was attached to the wall of Heorot .
This appears to be the official state religion of the colonies ; government oaths refer to the gods and , back on the Twelve Colonies , public museums housed artifacts of the gods .
Cleveland Browns ( 1946 -- 1995 )
In 1974 the Penzance Borough was abolished and replaced , first by the Penzance Charter Trustees and then from 1980 by Penzance Town Council .
He was born in Ermsleben , Harz , as the son of a wealthy liberal politician , industrialist , and estate-owner , Anton Ludwig Sombart , and studied at the universities of Pisa , Berlin , and Rome , both law and economics .
The center of Jewish culture and learning shifted to the region of the Kinneret , particularly the city of Tiberias .
After another lucky reprieve , Stephenie tried to shake things in Koror as she conspired with the women to get rid of the males ( Tom , Ian and Gregg ) and take advantage of their gender majority .
Another consequence of the Carlsbad Decrees was the refusal by Frederick William III to confer the chain of office , the official seal and an official name to the new university .
However , the distinction is not clear-cut , and many games are also considered to be work ( such as professional players of spectator sports\/games ) or art ( such as jigsaw puzzles or games involving an artistic layout such as Mahjong solitaire , or some video games ) .
Marske is served by Longbeck and Marske railway stations , which connect to Darlington mainline station .
Michelangelo died in 1564 , leaving the drum of the dome complete , and Bramante 's piers much bulkier than originally designed , each 18 m across .
Braille has been extended to an 8-dot code , particularly for use with Braille embossers and refreshable Braille displays .
A Mathematician 's Apology is a 1940 essay by British mathematician G. H. Hardy .
The town lies 13 miles south of the city of Derby .
Some scientists also believe that early life had already begun to develop on Earth before the smash , but was nearly killed by it .
When IBM 's representatives mentioned that they needed an operating system , Gates referred them to Digital Research ( DRI ) , makers of the widely used CP\/M operating system .
The album has sold over 8 million copies worldwide .
The Transylvanian town of Reghin is first mentioned in a charter of Andrew II of Hungary .
British Rail reserved the TOPS Class 97 designation for departmental locomotives , which were used for special or engineering duties .
He currently lives on Lanzarote in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Curium does not occur in nature .
For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee .
The Mintaka Pass ( also known as Minteke Pass ) ( el .
The small blind is posted by the player to the left of the dealer and is usually equal to half of the big blind . The big blind , posted by the player to the left of the small blind , is equal to the minimum bet .
Ballmer used the notion of '' viral '' licensing terms to express his concern over the fact that the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) license employed by such software requires that all derivative software be under the GPL or a compatible license .
As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s , Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene ; however , Barrett 's erratic behavior eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
He played as a striker .
Marie Clotilde had been taught Italian in order to fulfill her role as eventual Queen of Sardinia .
Roger Meddows-Taylor ( born 26 July 1949 in Dersingham , Norfolk ) is an English musician best known as the percussionist , backing vocalist and occasional lead vocalist of the rock band Queen .
The House of Plantagenet ( ) , a branch of the Angevins , was a royal house founded by Geoffrey V of Anjou , father of Henry II of England .
In many European languages the colon is usually followed by a lower-case letter ( unless the upper case is due to other reasons , such as a proper noun ) .
Over time , the roots coalesce to form a pseudotrunk , eventually strangling and killing the host .
Said another way , programming is the craft of transforming requirements into something that a computer can execute .
The Rhine Valley is bounded by mountain chains and forms a fascinating landscape containing some of the most historically significant places in Germany .
It was widely used during the American Civil War on both sides , and has long enjoyed popularity especially in New Orleans , where Luzianne has long been a popular brand in this respect .
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Hugh Montague Trenchard , 1st Viscount Trenchard GCB OM GCVO DSO ( 3 February 1873 -- 10 February 1956 ) was a British officer who was instrumental in establishing the Royal Air Force .
However , today this theory has little support amongst archaeologists because climate data for the time actually shows that at the time , the climate of the region was getting wetter rather than drier .
He could n't displace incumbent Matt Bahr , but would get the kicking job from the Cleveland Browns in 1991 . Stover kept the job through the 2008 season , though in 1996 the team he played for became the Baltimore Ravens .
Sainte-Foy-la-Grande is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
X11 September 15 , 1987 First release of the current protocol .
His death stunned co-workers ; news anchor Stacie Schaible was near tears reporting his death , the lead story that evening .
Western subgroup composed of Slovene and Serbo-Croatian ( Croatian , Bosnian , Serbian , Montenegrin ) .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
Article 3 Everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person .
The Graduate is a American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols , based on the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb , who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College .
Despite being a devout Lutheran , his Romantic leanings led him to settle the Cologne church conflict by releasing the imprisoned Archbishop of Cologne , and he patronized further construction of Cologne Cathedral .
ISBN 0-87411-969-3 ( paperback ) Articles by B. F. Skinner Two Types of Conditioned Reflex and a Pseudo Type ( 1935 ) , Journal of General Psychology , 12 , 66-77 .
He was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2 on Spike TV .
Clarkson was born in Fort Worth , Texas , and grew up in the small town of Burleson , a suburb of Fort Worth . She is the third and youngest child of Jeanne Rose , a first grade English teacher of Greek descent , and Stephen Michael Clarkson , a former engineer of Welsh extraction .
It has been estimated that humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies , each capable of binding a distinct epitope of an antigen .
Two primary candidates surfaced : a Scotsman , Angus Cameron McKinlay , and David Coverdale .
Artemis Fowl is a series of fantasy novels written by Irish author Eoin Colfer , starring the teenage criminal mastermind Artemis Fowl II .
Grover , a satyr , goes undercover at a boarding school as a disabled student in order to discover if there are any half-bloods who attend it because most half-bloods have ADHD and dyslexia and can do special things .
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic ( NKR ) ( , ) or Artsakh Republic is a de facto independent republic located in the Nagorno-Karabakh region ( or Artsakh region ) of the South Caucasus , about 270 kilometers ( 170 miles ) west of the Azerbaijani capital of Baku and very close to the border with Armenia .
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight .
As of the 2000 census , the village population was 15,443 .
After defeating the Snagglebeast , Ratchet becomes increasingly bitter and hostile towards Clank , angry that he let Qwark get the better of them . Clank urges Ratchet to continue their quest to confront Drek , but Ratchet is obsessed with getting revenge on Qwark .
Berfay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Further Reading - Late Cold War period Smith , Jean Edward , and Canby , Steven L.The Evolution of NATO with Four Plausible Threat Scenarios .
Background Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina , County Mayo in 1944 , she is the daughter of two medical doctors .
Centaurea cyanus ( Cornflower , Bachelor 's button , Bluebottle , Boutonniere flower , Hurtsickle ) is a small annual flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to Europe .
Even a person 's soul consisted of many spirits .
Geography The coasts of the peninsula are , on the west the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aqaba , on the southeast the Arabian Sea ( part of the Indian Ocean ) , and on the northeast , the Gulf of Oman , the Strait of Hormuz , and the Persian Gulf .
Colours and badge Bolton Wanderers ' home colours are white shirts with navy trim , worn with navy shorts and white socks .
Castleford is a city in Twin Falls County , Idaho , United States .
The other processes , electric power transmission , electricity distribution , and electrical power storage and recovery using pumped storage methods are normally carried out by the electrical power industry .
The most expensive spice , saffron , consists of dried stigmas of a crocus .
Afonso IOr also Affonso ( Archaic Portuguese-Galician ) or Alphonso ( Portuguese-Galician ) or Alphonsus ( Latin version ) , sometimes rendered in English as Alphonzo or Alphonse , depending on the Spanish or French influence .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation ( spelled from 1935 to 1985 as Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation ) , also known as 20th Century Fox , Fox 2000 Pictures , simply 20th or simply Fox , is one of the six major American film studios .
Its head office is in Toronto , Ontario .
File : Opel Vectra Caravan Facelift front .
Ulrich Scholze Student December 1947 - Ulrich ` Uli ' Scholze was a very minor member of the Red Army Faction and was only involved with the Gang for a few months in 1970 .
Von Arent died in Bonn on 14 October 1956 .
Recordings and broadcasts from Queen 's Hall From 1930 to 1941 , the BBC Symphony Orchestra regularly gave broadcast concerts in the hall .
She was sworn in for a second term as Governor on December 4 , 2006 .
Ammonia solution , also known as ammonium hydroxide , ammonia water , ammonical liquor , ammonia liquor , aqua ammonia , aqueous ammonia , or simply ammonia , is a solution of ammonia in water .
Catherine Jinks ( born 1963 ) is an Australian author .
Arrigo Sacchi ( born 1 April 1946 in Fusignano ) is an Italian football coach , the former head coach of the Italy national football team ( 1991-1996 ) , and twice manager of A.C. Milan ( 1987-1991 , 1996-1997 ) .
Life Left to Go is the debut album by alternative rock band SafetySuit .
( commonly known as the United Kingdom , the UK , or Britain ) is a country and sovereign state located off the northwestern coast of continental Europe .
The burden of proof in defamation actions is higher in the case of a public figure .
Oskaloosa was the home of the now-defunct Oskaloosa College .
On the July 4 edition of SmackDown , SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero announced that Triple H would defend the WWE Championship at The Great American Bash against Edge .
The area was much disputed between Spain , England , the Netherlands and France .
During his career in WWF\/E , Morley held the Intercontinental Championship two times , the European Championship once , and the World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm .
The Godwin-Austen Glacier is located near K2 in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Each cylinder bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons , so the V6 also suffers from the same problem unless steps are taken to mitigate it .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
Alix however , had already met and fallen in love with the Tsarevich of Russia , whose mother was the sister-in-law of Alix 's uncle , the Prince of Wales and whose uncle Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich was married to Alix 's sister Elizabeth .
Under the free software business model , free software vendors may charge a fee for distribution and offer pay support and software customization services . Proprietary software uses a different business model , where a customer of the proprietary software pays a fee for a license to use the software .
First Seminole WarConquest of Florida
As of August 16 , 2010 , according to the official PFL site .
From 1999 to 2000 , he was a comedy reporter and humorist for eye Weekly in Toronto , then in 2000 moved to New York City where he worked as a writer for various MTV shows .
Stage 5 refers to the spread of pubic hair to the thighs and upward towards the navel as part of the developing abdominal hair . In the months and years following the appearance of pubic hair , other areas of skin that respond to androgens may develop androgenic hair .
After the fight , many sports fans all over the world wrote to Cobb and thanked him for his effort .
The Yonge-University line was extended north 8.7 k from Eglinton Avenue to Finch Avenue and Yonge in 1973 and 1974 .
The race winners receive the Peter Brock Trophy which was introduced at the 2006 race in honor of deceased nine-time Bathurst winner Peter Brock , most successful driver in the history of the race .
The living protoplasm of a cell is sometimes called the bioplasm and distinct from the ergastic substances of the cell .
Justice in the By-Ways : a Tale of Life , 1856 , 12mo .
A truth table is a table that describes the behavior of a logic gate or any combination of logic gates .
In about 1839 , Benjamin squatted on a small area of land in an isolated valley north of Murrurundi .
The olm is the only species in its genus Proteus , the only European species of the family Proteidae , and the only European exclusively cave-dwelling chordate .
Eventually the two were merged into the Balboa tribe ( named after the injured snake Rupert found ) .
Today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
In physics , mechanical energy describes the sum of potential energy and kinetic energy present in the components of a mechanical system . Mechanical energy is the energy associated with the motion or position of an object .
As of 2006 , Pixar is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
Count Olaf also refers to them as '' orphans '' instead of '' children '' .
Guavas are plants in the myrtle family ( Myrtaceae ) genus Psidium , which contains about 100 species of tropical shrubs and small trees .
Gilgamesh is described as two-thirds god and one-third human .
Stevens first began releasing his music on the Asthmatic Kitty label , which he formed with his stepfather , beginning with the 2000 release A Sun Came .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
Fréthun ( francization of Free Town ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento ( born 2 June 1969 ) , commonly known as Paulo Sérgio is an former Brazilian footballer .
The common '' Wikimedia Foundation error '' message ( WFEM ) is sometimes called a '' server error '' but might be caused by a recent edit which a user made to the current page being displayed .
He held the Lucasian Chair of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge and spent the last fourteen years of his life at Florida State University .
Ghost Reveries was re-released on October 31 , 2006 , with a bonus cover song ( Deep Purple 's Soldier of Fortune ) and a DVD documenting the making of the album .
In 1904 , at the age of 24 , Keller graduated from Radcliffe , becoming the first deaf blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
The sale of the site in 1971 helped the club avoid bankruptcy .
A prostatitis diagnosis is assigned at 8 % of all urologist and 1 % of all primary care physician visits in the United States .
He lost the seat at the election of 1880 ; but was at once elected member for the University of London , of which he had been vice-chancellor since 1872 .
Speech Day The school holds its speech day every year in March or April where awards are given out for academic achievement by the students .
VLC media player is a free and open source media player and multimedia framework written by the VideoLAN project .
The text is in the form of a codex , bound in a method now called Coptic binding .
Pocket Monsters Chamo Chamo Pretty ( Spinoff of Magical Pokémon Journey )
Demosthenes celebrated Philip 's assassination and played a leading part in his city 's uprising .
Supporters have said that the cartoons illustrated an important issue in a period of Islamic terrorism and that their publication is a legitimate exercise of the right of free speech , explicitly tied to the issue of self-censorship .
White Hart Lane station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway : it opened on 22 July 1872 .
In addition he studied privately with Vincent d'Indy .
River Avon ( disambiguation ) or Avon River ( disambiguation ) , various rivers
Prior to that , the network was based in Dallas , Texas . Radio Disney broadcasts music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers under age 16 ; its format can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio .
Lorenzo Minotti ( born February 8 , 1967 ) is an Italian former football ( soccer ) player in defender role .
The National Rugby League ( NRL ) is the top competition of professional Rugby league clubs in Australasia .
In the 19th century Mzizima ( Swahili for '' healthy town '' ) was a coastal fishing village on the periphery of Indian Ocean trade routes .
Bilafond La ( meaning '' Pass of the Butterflies '' ) , also known as the Saltoro Pass , is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge , sitting immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier , some directly north of map point NJ 980420 .
Ben-Gurion 's passion for Zionism , which began early in life , culminated in his instrumental role in the founding of the state of Israel .
Then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .
It is now the primary channel of the RTL Group 's German television stations , which also include RTL II , Super RTL , VOX and n-tv .
After being attacked by empousai cheerleaders at his new school , Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood and learns about the Labyrinth ; part of the palace of King Minos in Crete that was designed by Daedalus .
Evelina is able to ease his guilt with her repeated gentle pardons and the delivery of a letter written by her mother on her deathbed in which she forgives Sir John for his behavior if he will remove her ignominy ( by acknowledging their marriage ) and acknowledge Evelina as his legitimate daughter .
Some Burroughs/Unisys equipment displays a digit 0 with a reversed slash .
In 1975 , the civil war in Lebanon forced the family to move to their ancestral home in Bassouriyeh , where Hasan Nasrallah completed his secondary education at the public school of Sour ( Tyre ) .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
The British Invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the United Kingdom who became popular in the U.S. from 1964 to 1966 .
In 1742 Swedish astronomer Anders Celsius ( 1701 - 1744 ) originally created a '' reversed '' version of the modern Celsius temperature scale whereby zero represented the boiling point of water and one hundred represented the freezing point of water .
The Professor enters the room and asks what they were doing .
During the prehistoric , ancient and early mediaeval periods of Finnish history , Finnish paganism was the majority religion .
Coulomb 's law , or Coulomb 's inverse square law , is a law of physics describing the electrostatic interaction between electrically charged particles . It was studied and first published in 1783 by French physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb and was essential to the development of the theory of electromagnetism .
The 1993 novel Die Entdeckung der Currywurst ( '' The Discovery of the Currywurst '' ) by Uwe Timm was made into a 2008 film of the same name . The plot is based on an alternative but unproven theory that currywurst was invented in Hamburg .
In 1958 , the Academy merged with the Guild of Television Producers and Directors to form the Society of Film and Television , which eventually became the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976 .
Airan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Parliament comprises the Sovereign , the House of Commons ( which is the lower house of Parliament and referred to as '' the Commons '' ) , and the Lords . The House of Lords , like the House of Commons , assembles in the Palace of Westminster .
They play in the Football League Championship .
Her letter on the subject seems very cool , but her stepmother assures us in the Augustus Hare Life and Letters that Maria loved him very much and did not get over the affair quickly .
In 1858 the University expanded its role by offering the University of London International Programmes to candidates outside of the colleges , the first of its kind in the country .
Oval tube station in Kennington is a station on the Northern line of the London Underground between Stockwell and Kennington stations .
Martin Luther King , Jr. ( January 15 , 1929 - April 4 , 1968 ) was an American clergyman , activist , and prominent leader in the African American civil rights movement .
Apart from having an important influence on Sikhism , Kabir 's legacy is today carried forward by the Kabir Panth ( '' Path of Kabir '' ) , a religious community that recognizes him as its founder and is one of the Sant Mat sects . Its members , known as Kabir panthis , are estimated to be around 9,600,000 .
She became extremely proficient in the use of pastels , eventually creating many of her most important works in this medium .
Biganos is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For example , a player with A-A-8-6-6-4-3 can play a high hand of A-A-6-6-8 , and a low hand of 8-6-4-3-A .
His close control and superb vision have won him many admirers during his time with Red Star Belgrade and A.C. Milan .
The resulting tunneling current is a function of tip position , applied voltage , and the local density of states ( LDOS ) of the sample .
In the Northern hemisphere , Orion 's Belt is best visible in the night sky during the month of January at around 9.00 PM when it is approximately around local Meridian .
Emine Erdo an ( born February 21 , 1955 ) is the wife of twenty-seventh Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdo an .
May 30 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England marries Jane Seymour .
Competition is essential in markets , and separates market from trade .
It was named after Civil War general Philip Kearny .
In 2009 , Sullivan opened for Buddy Guy on his East Coast tour during the summer , played his own set at the popular summer music festival Lollapalooza , as well as the Austin City Limits Festival in October . .
Under the Endangered Species Act in the United States , '' threatened '' is defined as '' any species which is likely to become an endangered species within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range '' .
Social Distortion started work on the follow-up to White Light , White Heat , White Trash in 2000 , which was originally to be released in the fall of that year , but it was not completed .
By 391 , under the reign of Theodosius I , Christianity had become the state religion .
It quickly grew in popularity , surpassing 120 film by the late 1960s to become the most popular photographic film format .
Additional surrounding counties ( known as outlying counties ) can be included in the CBSA if these counties have strong social and economic ties to the central counties as measured by commuting and employment .
The film reboots the Batman film series , telling the origin story of the character and begins with Bruce Wayne 's initial fear of bats , the death of his parents , and his journey to becoming Batman .
Under the sidereal zodiac , it is currently there roughly from December 16 to January 14 .
Students achieve good academic results in public examinations .
Founded in 1979 by Chrissie Maher , the company positions itself as a leader in plain-language advocacy , working to persuade organizations in the UK and abroad to communicate with the public in plain language .
Vampires Suck on Facebook ( official page ) , '' Info '' .
Jody David Scheckter ( born January 29 , 1950 ) is a South African former auto racing driver , the Formula One World Drivers Champion .
After three days , on August 21 , the coup collapsed , the organizers were detained , and Gorbachev returned as president of the Soviet Union .
Of this extension -- nicknamed the NAFTA Superhighway because it would help trade with Canada and Mexico spurred by the North American Free Trade Agreement -- only two short pieces -- one in northwestern Mississippi and in the Memphis , Tennessee area and a 1.8-mile segment near Evansville , Indiana -- have been built and signed as I-69 ( see Interstate 69 in Mississippi ) .
January 18 WWII : Soviet officials announce they have broken the Wehrmacht 's siege of Leningrad .
The Berlin Zoo declined to comment on the matter , only noting that Giovanna 's stay in Berlin was still temporary .
Congé-sur-Orne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Melina Nava Pérez ( born March 9 , 1979 ) , better known simply as Melina , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wrestling on its Raw brand where she is the current WWE Divas Champion .
Arthur Ranken and James Sloan , from Bathurst , were amongst the first white settlers on the Lachlan .
Having this shared heritage , the two systems are quite similar , but there are differences .
Yass was later a battleground between the town and the Sydney to Melbourne railway ; because of the topography the New South Wales Government Railways wanted to bypass the town by a few kilometres . Naturally , the people of the town wished the railway to pass closer or through it .
This impressive strike was voted Goal of the Month by viewers of a renowned German TV sports show .
Mytilene ( Greek : ) is the capital city of Lesbos , a Greek island in the Aegean Sea , and capital of Lesbos Prefecture and the Northern Aegean region .
Sea urchins feed mainly on algae , but can also feed on a wide range of invertebrates such as mussels , sponges , brittle stars and crinoids .
A Mathematician 's Apology is a 1940 essay by British mathematician G. H. Hardy .
Emperor Juntoku succeeds Emperor Tsuchimikado on the throne of Japan .
Although A-flat minor occurs in modulation in works in other keys , it is only rarely used as the principal key of a piece of music .
Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach ; the population voting for the official name change in a referendum of 21 May 2006 . Located on the Rhine , Bad Zurzach has a thermal water bath and an outdoor bathing facility .
Only the prototype was constructed , which was named Duke of Gloucester .
Middle-earth refers to the fictional lands where most of the stories of author J. R. R. Tolkien take place .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
It runs partly on the surface and partly at deep level , from the Elephant and Castle in south-east to Harrow & Wealdstone in north-west of London .
It serves 14 counties in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia .
From 2002-2004 , high profile GPL enforcement cases , such as those against Linksys and OpenTV , became frequent .
Andrew Bonar Law PC ( 16 September 1858 -- 30 October 1923 ) , commonly known as Bonar Law , was a British Conservative Party statesman and Prime Minister .
Political asylum is similar , but not identical , to modern refugee law , which deals with massive influx of population , while the right of asylum concerns individuals and is usually delivered in a case-to-case basis .
In 2004 , Carpenter had a three episode guest appearance on the TV show Charmed as a psychic demonCharisma Carpenter Biography , Photos , Movies , TV , Credits Hollywood.com called The Seer and played a recurring role on NBC 's Miss Match , appearing in four episodes .
Thoroughgood 's choice of residence after 1634 was along the Lynnhaven River , also named for his home in England .
Only children below the age of 12 , senior citizens 65 years or older are eligible for the concessionary rate on all lines .
Artemisian Cybele became quite contrasted from her Roman counterpart , Diana .
A list of current member unions may be found at List of unions affiliated with the AFL-CIO .
The park is named after explorer Charles Sturt .
According to the 2002 census , 36,983,700 people , or 96.74 % of the population , consider themselves Polish , while 471,500 ( 1.23 % ) declared another nationality , and 774,900 ( 2.03 % ) did not declare any nationality .
Under , it is desired that either the Director or the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence be an active duty commissioned officer in the armed forces or have training or experience in military intelligence activities and requirements .
The intent of having such a system is so that a number of different games ( based on different intellectual property ) can be made compatible with each other .
The French terms '' Mousseux '' or '' Crémant '' are used to refer to sparkling wine not made in the Champagne region .
In the presence of oxygen , carbon monoxide burns with a blue flame , producing carbon dioxide .
Howard G. '' Ward '' Cunningham ( born May 26 , 1949 ) is the American computer programmer who developed the first wiki and HyperCard .
The original meaning of Itiihaasa had a more precise meaning than the word History .
In Wallonia the most important charts are the Ultratop 40 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums ( the two versions of Ultratop 50 albums are separate ) .
This can only be attributed to strict censorship by the Communist party , such as the banning of rock from television and restrictions on performances .
Work Beham is best known as a prolific printmaker , producing approximately 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts , including woodcut book illustrations .
Thomas Matthew DeLonge , Jr. ( born December 13 1975 ) is an American musician and the guitarist and one of the two lead vocalists for the punk rock band Blink-182 .
In view of Hannibal 's great popularity , the Carthaginian government did not repudiate Hannibal 's actions , and the war he sought was declared at the end of the year .
He made his public debut on the piano with his parents , at the age of seven .
Oldham is a large town in Greater Manchester , England .
English translations using '' kill '' include the King James ( Authorised ) ( 1611 ) [ although note Matthew '' do no murder , '' following the Vulgate non homicidium facies ] , the American Standard ( 1901 ) and Revised Standard ( American Protestant , 1952 ) Versions .
Ken Livingstone was criticised in February 2005 for remarks made to an Evening Standard reporter , comparing him to a Nazi concentration camp guard , after the reporter had tried to interview him following a reception marking the 20th anniversary of Chris Smith 's coming out as gay .
Cookies and Cream ( or Cookies ` n Cream ) is a variety of ice cream and milkshake based on flavoring from chocolate cookies .
A remix of this song also appears on the nonprofit collaborative album Rhythms del Mundo , which fuses an all-star cast of Cuban musicians with tracks from US , UK and Irish artists .
Because of its ubiquity , physicists generally represent it with the shorthand symbol ( lowercase gamma ) .
Cricket is a team sport played between two teams of eleven .
The Vectra was introduced in 1988 as a replacement to the Opel Ascona and itself was replaced in 2008 by the Opel Insignia , which will retain the Chevrolet Vectra name for the Latin American market .
Mons ( ; Dutch : Bergen ; Picard : Mont ) is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut , of which it is the capital .
The victim of bullying is sometimes referred to as a target .
La Bazoque is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
The proof of a mathematical theorem is a logical argument demonstrating that the conclusions are a necessary consequence of the hypotheses , in the sense that if the hypotheses are true then the conclusions must also be true , without any further assumptions .
Baba explained the symbolism , saying , '' The colors in the flag signify man 's rise from the grossest of impressions of lust and anger -- symbolized by red -- to the culmination in the highest state of spirituality and oneness with God -- symbolized by sky blue . ''
On May 7 , 2005 , she married Dr. Ken Gee Ehrlich , a West Los Angeles chiropractor .
In 1796 this settlement received town rights and was renamed Rostov-on-Don , in order to distinguish it from its ancient namesake .
Sir Francis Galton systematized these ideas and practices according to new knowledge about the evolution of man and animals provided by the theory of his cousin Charles Darwin during the 1860s and 1870s .
For the first and , as of 2009 , the only time in NHL history , the Stanley Cup Finals concluded after the Summer Solstice .
David Hiley , Western Plainchant pp .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
Learning by teaching should not be confused with presentations or lectures by students , as students not only convey a certain content , but also choose their own methods and didactic approaches in teaching classmates that subject .
The British Invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the United Kingdom who became popular in the United States during the period from 1964 through 1966 .
Nearly 45 million copies of the 18 Calvin and Hobbes books have been sold .
A pea is most commonly the small spherical seed or the seed-pod of the legume Pisum sativum .
The jury is composed by German philologists and poets .
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground ( '' the Tube '' ) , in the United Kingdom .
The 20 Hunchakian gallows ( or K ` san Kakhaghan , , also '' The 20 Martyrs '' , '' The 20s '' ) is the common name for the group of Hunchakian activists who were hanged in the Sultan Bayazid square of Constantinople on June 15 , 1915 .
Giorgio Puia ( born 8 March 1938 ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder .
She lived on her own until she was 105 years old , and at the Western Convalescent Home in Jefferson Park , Los Angeles until her death .
After the republic was conquered by the Iranian army in 1947 he was the only one who was n't hanged together with president Qazi Muhammad at the Chuwarchira Square in Mahabad in 1947 .
Circuit Implementation - transistor-level design of basic elements ( gates , multiplexers , latches etc ) as well as of some larger blocks ( ALUs , caches etc ) that may be implemented at this level , or even ( partly ) at the physical level , for performance reasons .
They slept on hard camp cots without pillows , except when they were ill , took cold baths in the morning , and were expected to tidy their rooms and do needlework to be sold at various charity events when they were not otherwise occupied .
When he finds Gruber working at the explosives planted on the roof , Gruber passes himself off as a terrified hostage who escaped . McClane makes friendly conversation and gives Gruber a pistol ; when Gruber attempts to fire the weapon at McClane , however , it is discovered that McClane inserted an empty magazine in the gun and gave him the gun to test his trustworthiness .
It became popular , spreading from the east coast of the United States to the west coast , in large part via women 's colleges .
When promises of reprint failed to materialise , the Advertiser was forced to hand the copyright back over to Woods .
It is situated on the banks of the Vienne River .
The following bout was a six-man tag team match between Jeff Hardy , Brian Kendrick , and Paul London and Mr. Kennedy , Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch .
