Peterhead is often referred to as ` The Blue Toon ' and people who were born there as Blue Tooners .
They vibrate , modulating the flow of air being expelled from the lungs during phonation .
Image : Illu repdt male .
Marcus Tullius Cicero ( ; Classical Latin : ; January 3 , 106 BC & ndash ; December 7 , 43 BC ) , known in older English sources as Tully , was a Roman philosopher , statesman , lawyer , political theorist , and Roman constitutionalist .
Hotmail is a free web-based e-mail service by Microsoft .
Michael Beinhorn , Brendan O'Brien , Soundgarden -- production
The term Edda ( Old Norse Edda , plural Eddur ) applies to the Old Norse Poetic Edda and Prose Edda , both of which were written down in Iceland during the 13th century in Icelandic , although they contain material from earlier traditional sources , reaching into the Viking Age .
The Paris Métro or Métropolitain ( ) is the rapid transit system in Paris .
When under ripe the flesh is white and crispy , acid to subacid to sweet in taste .
Tourism Watch Alec le Sueurs : Running a Hotel on the Roof of the World -- Five years in Tibet or Spiegel OnlineTibet by Rail .
By the time he was 21 , he was a fully qualified engineer .
That 's what and its helper templates are packaging in an easy to use way .
Heinrich Schliemann ( ; ( January 6 1822 , Neubukow , Mecklenburg-Schwerin -- December 26 1890 , Naples ) was a German businessman and archaeologist , and an advocate of the historical reality of places mentioned in the works of Homer .
The match was played at the City of Manchester Stadium , home ground of Manchester City F.C. , in Manchester , England , at 20:45 CEST ( 19:45 local time ) on 14 May 2008 .
Genetic sex determination usually depends on asymmetrically inherited sex chromosomes which carry genetic features that influence development ; sex may be determined either by the presence of a sex chromosome or by how many the organism has .
This upward motion causes lowered pressure along the cold front and can cause the formation of a narrow line of showers and thunderstorms when enough moisture is present .
The Times Of India was founded on November 3 , 1838 as ` The Bombay Times and Journal of Commerce ' In Mumbai , during the British Raj .
Third-wave feminism also contains internal debates between difference feminists such as the psychologist Carol Gilligan ( who believes that there are important differences between the sexes ) and those who believe that there are no inherent differences between the sexes and contend that gender roles are due to social conditioning .
It was discovered on 29 September 1884 by Johann Palisa and named after a nymph from Greek mythology .
'' No original research '' ( NOR ) is one of three core content policies , along with Neutral point of view and Verifiability , that jointly determine the type and quality of material acceptable in articles .
The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is a stock exchange located in Frankfurt , Germany .
With a population of over 500,000 inhabitants and an economy based mainly on industry , Joinville has become the largest city in State of Santa Catarina .
Christianity began as a Jewish sectRobinson , Essential Judaism : A Complete Guide to Beliefs , Customs and Rituals , p. 229 .
Gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 , 1955 , was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey , who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
A robot is an automatically guided machine which is able to do tasks on its own , almost always due to electronically-programmed instructions .
Though Sandra saw through the lie , Jon convinced the other players , causing them to give up the reward to him , which caused them to spend the night on Morgan 's old beach while Jon and his friend hung out alone , celebrating the success of their plot .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
Undated A son of deceased King Christopher II of Denmark is elected to the throne following 8 years of Interregnum .
The vocabulary of Singlish consists of words originating from English , Malay , Hokkien , Teochew , Cantonese , Tamil , Bengali , Punjabi and to a lesser extent various other European , Indic and Sinitic languages , while Singlish syntax resembles southern varieties of Chinese .
The SVG specification is an open standard that has been under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) since 1999 .
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The rainbow flag , sometimes called ` the freedom flag ' , was popularized as a symbol of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) pride and diversity by San Francisco artist Gilbert Baker in 1978 .
When a B cell processes and presents the same antigen to the primed Th cell , the T cell secretes cytokines that activate the B cell .
One of these notable dates was the 1996 King of the Ring when Stone Cold uttered the famous catchphase of '' Austin 3:16 '' and began the WWF 's transition to an edgier product .
The center of population of Rhode Island is located in Cranston .
Late Antiquity sees the rise of Christianity under Constantine I , finally ousting Roman imperial cult with the Theodosian decrees of 393 .
This was also the first of his '' fireside chats '' .
It is still the legal authority of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom .
Mahallat County ( ) is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
Stalin A few years after Lenin 's death , Joseph Stalin won out over his chief rival Leon Trotsky and in 1928 emerged as the sole leader of the Soviet Union , the position he held until his death in 1953 .
The Japanese name , Tsuk ru is a pun mixing the Japanese word tsukuru ( ) , which means '' make '' or '' create '' , with ts ru ( ) , the Japanese transcription of the English word '' tool '' .
Dave de Sylvia ( Sputnikmusic ) link
After the collapse of the Yuan Dynasty , the Mongols returned to their earlier pattern of constant internal conflict and occasional raids on the Chinese borderlands .
Albeni is a commune in Gorj County , Romania .
Nor shall my Sword sleep in my hand :
The old town of Rheinfelden lies on the left bank of the Rhine , where the river is divided into two arms by the '' Inseli '' , a roughly 150-metre-long island .
Paleoendemism refers to a species that was formerly widespread but is now restricted to a smaller area .
They were likely major predators of the Cambrian period .
Osgoode Hall Law School is a Canadian law school , located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada and affiliated with York University .
The first white explorer , George Wilson Evans , entered the Lachlan Valley in 1815 .
Igor Cvitanovi ( born November 1 , 1970 in Osijek ) is a retired Croatian football striker .
Version of 2003-JAN-17 .
Montero performed John Williams ' '' Air and Simple Gifts '' with Itzhak Perlman , Yo-Yo Ma , and Anthony McGill at the inauguration of U.S. president Barack Obama on January 20 , 2009 .
The Wikipedia community encourages users to be bold when updating the encyclopedia .
Volcanologist Bernard Chouet said that , '' the volcano was screaming ` I 'm about to explode ' '' , but the scientists who were studying the volcano at the time of the eruption were not able to read this signal .
At a considerably smaller scale , to the back of the stall is affixed a piece of brass ( a '' stall plate '' ) displaying its occupant 's name , arms and date of admission into the Order .
Francois Maximilian Misson , a French traveller and writer , recorded the method used in England in the early 18th century :
The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that brought NATO into existence , signed in Washington , D.C. on April 4 , 1949 .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
This county has a total area of 5,602 km .
Madeleine L'Engle died of natural causes at a nursing facility near her Connecticut home on September 6 2007 , according to a statement by her publicist the following day .
Dr John Milford Rutter CBE ( born ) is a British composer , conductor , editor , arranger and record producer , mainly of choral music .
Ryan Joseph Giggs OBE ( born Ryan Joseph Wilson on 29 November 1973 ) is a Welsh footballer who has played for Manchester United for his entire professional career .
For the French poet , see Jean de Sponde ; for the metrical foot , see spondee .
The Ann Arbor campus is divided into four main areas : the North , Central , Medical , and South Campuses .
Terry Ray Gordy , Jr. ( born March 23 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) appearing on its SmackDown brand under the ring name Slam Master J and formerly known as Jesse .
The single was released in the United Kingdom on July 30 , 2007 as the fifth single , following '' Beautiful Liar '' .
Kingdom Records is a British record label from the 1970s and 1980s that was important in early British and Jamaican dub music .
Francesco di Giovanni Botticini ( 1446 & ndash ; July 22 , 1498 ) was an Italian Early Renaissance painter .
Economy Today Mykolaiv is a major shipbuilding center of Ukraine ( as , earlier , of the whole Soviet Union ) and an important riverport .
Formal designation of borders .
It is classified as a medical emergency and many cases require removal of the inflamed appendix , either by laparotomy or laparoscopy .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Mito HollyHock .
The belly side of both sexes is bright orange to vermillion and always unmarked .
Belbin and Agosto went on to win the Olympic silver medal in ice dance on February 20 , 2006 .
Fibers are used instead of metal wires because signals travel along them with less loss and are also immune to electromagnetic interference .
Patch heads for the audition to meet his hero and win a guest spot on the show , but is laughed off stage for his squeaky bark .
On September 3 , 2008 , however , publisher Harper Collins issued a public apology for its book '' The Daring Book for Girls '' , scheduled to be published in October , which openly encouraged girls to play the instrument .
The uvula ( ) is the conic projection from the posterior edge of the middle of the soft palate , composed of connective tissue containing a number of racemose glands , and some muscular fibers ( musculus uvulae ) .
In common speech , the term acceleration is used for an increase in speed ( the magnitude of velocity ) ; a decrease in speed is called deceleration . In physics , a change in the direction of velocity also is an acceleration : for rotary motion , the change in direction of velocity results in centripetal ( toward the center ) acceleration ; whereas the rate of change of speed is a tangential acceleration .
Leopold Stokowski and Dimitri Mitropoulos were the orchestra 's two conductors in 1949 , with Mitropoulos becoming Musical Director in 1951 .
While the Countess and Cherubino are waiting for Susanna to come back , they suddenly hear the Count arriving . Cherubino hides in the closet .
A nuclear weapon employs chemical-based explosives to initiate a much larger nuclear-based explosion .
The lake used to have an abundance of trout , but illegal fishing using dynamite and nets has resulted in a sharp decline in the fish population .
Robot anime like the Gundam and The Super Dimension Fortress Macross series became instant classics in the 1980s , and the robot genre of anime is still one of the most common in Japan and worldwide today .
His father , William M. Mathers , died while Samuel Liddell was still a boy .
Due to the Earth 's axial tilt , winter lasts from the winter solstice ( typically December 22 ) to the vernal equinox ( typically March 20 ) , while summer lasts from the summer solstice ( typically June 21 ) through to the autumnal equinox ( typically September 21 ) .
The term waka originally encompassed a number of differing forms , principally tanka ( , '' short poem '' ) and ch ka ( , '' long poem '' ) , but also including bussokusekika , sed ka ( , '' whirling head poem '' ) and katauta ( , '' poem fragment '' ) .
Broda was born in Brandon , Manitoba to a Ukrainian family ; joining the Maple Leafs in 1936 .
Halfway Parent 's Day She has also set the world record for pogo-sticking .
Lothair received the central portion of the empire - what later became the Low Countries , Lorraine , Alsace , Burgundy , Provence , and the Kingdom of Italy ( which covered only the northern half of the Italian Peninsula ) , collectively called the Middle Frankish Kingdom .
The village was founded by Camaldolese monks , who in 1667 were granted the area surrounding the future town by the Grand Duke of Lithuania and the King of Poland John II Casimir .
A game theory analysis would eliminate one of the four symbols for being a strategy strictly dominated , and the resulting game would be isomorph to the original rock , paper , scissor ( i.e. , only a symbol 's name would change ) .
He also served as Chief Conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra .
Hurricane Epsilon was a long lasting hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season in late November and early December over the central Atlantic .
The British Library adds some three million items every year occupying 11 kilometres of new shelf space .
The escarpment ( colloquially known as ` the mountain ' ) is home to a section of the Bruce Trail .
Shell Oil Company is the United States-based subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell , a multinational oil company ( '' oil major '' ) of Anglo Dutch origins , which is amongst the largest oil companies in the world .
Based in Derby , it provides train services in the East Midlands and surrounding areas , chiefly in the counties of South Yorkshire , Nottinghamshire , Leicestershire , Derbyshire and Northamptonshire .
Davros experimented on living Kaled cells to find the ultimate mutated form of the Kaled species and placed the subjects in tank-like '' travel machines '' whose design was based on his own life-support chair .
Australia has also made special issues of 20-cent and one-dollar coins .
Methodological naturalism is a way of acquiring knowledge .
These treaties ended the Thirty Years ' War ( 1618 -- 1648 ) in the Holy Roman Empire , and the Eighty Years ' War ( 1568 -- 1648 ) between Spain and the Dutch Republic .
Not every conjecture ends up being proven true or false .
The republic was established in the former territory of Eastern Armenia in the Russian Empire following the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
The band toured the UK in May 2006 following the release of this album .
Harper is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Dr. Deming 's teachings and philosophy can be seen through the results they produced when they were adopted by Japanese industry , as the following example shows : Ford Motor Company was simultaneously manufacturing a car model with transmissions made in Japan and the United States .
gov. uk , accessed July 2009 - Note the picture on the No10 site is wrong - it was painted after this Dukes death - it is his son
John Calvin Coolidge , Jr. , ( July 4 , 1872 January 5 , 1933 ) was the 30th President of the United States ( 1923 & ndash ; 1929 ) .
Genus Pseudopus - Scheltopusik ( 1 species )
Muscle tissue is separated into three distinct categories : visceral or smooth muscle , which is found in the inner linings of organs ; skeletal muscle , in which is found attached to bone providing for gross movement ; and cardiac muscle which is found in the heart , allowing it to contract and pump blood throughout an organism .
Baseball uniforms were first worn by the New York Knickerbockers Baseball Club in 1849 .
From the 6th century on Goidelic-speaking peoples from Ireland colonised the island and it became a center of religious activity .
The Latinate plural '' vaginae '' is rarely used in English .
Edible rock salts may be slightly grayish in color because of mineral content .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and consists of most of the eastern half of the traditional region of the Midlands .
A popular Greek legend turns Alexander the Great 's sister , Thessalonike , into a mermaid after she died .
This is the writing system used in Biblical Aramaic and other Jewish writing in Aramaic .
iBluegrass.com .
All government documents , military communications , street signs , many shop signs , business contracts and other activities use English .
Reynolds has been married three times .
Saint-Gervais-en-Belin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Ellon is a sizeable town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately north of Aberdeen , lying on the River Ythan ( pronounced eye-than ) which has one of the few undeveloped river estuaries on the Eastern coast of Scotland .
History The district was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of Demmin , Altentreptow and Malchin .
Morse code is a type of character encoding that transmits telegraphic information using rhythm .
Chinook - The most promising Silverwing newborn . Chinook treats Shade as inferior , due to his size , but Chinook is also extremely dumb .
Tortoise ( tank ) , a British heavy assault gun
Horodniceni is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
the Chef-lieu de région , the town in which the administration of a region is located ;
Students with these kinds of special needs are likely to benefit from additional educational services such as different approaches to teaching , use of technology , a specifically adapted teaching area , or resource room .
These are typically fairly simple structures , capable of distinguishing only light and dark , although some species have large eyes with lenses that may be capable of more sophisticated vision .
Several chemical tests utilize copper sulfate .
Out of the twenty largest cities of Russia , eleven , including its capital Moscow , are situated in the Volga 's drainage basin .
In 1925 the University was accredited by the Association of American Universities .
Matrilineal descent includes the mother 's brother , who in some societies may pass along inheritance to the sister 's children or succession to a sister 's son .
In 1988 , Young received the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award from the Hockey Hall of Fame as selected by the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association , and was also inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
He is well-known for his duets with Benjamin Luxon , reviving many Victorian parlour songs .
Burnham Grammar School ( BGS ) is a co-educational grammar school in Burnham , Buckinghamshire .
Jethro Tull are a British rock group formed in 1967 .
The distinctive mark of an impact crater is the presence of rock that has undergone shock-metamorphic effects , such as shatter cones , melted rocks , and crystal deformations .
The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter preparations either as single-ingredient preparations , or more commonly in combination with antihistamines , paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) and/or ibuprofen .
For the book by H. J. R. Murray , see A History of Chess .
Lizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Alfredo Ramos dos Santos , best known as Alfredo ( born January 1 , 1920 , date of death unknown ) was a Brazilian footballer in midfielder role .
The Cambridge Science Park , founded by Trinity College , Cambridge in 1972 , is the oldest science park in the United Kingdom .
Midlothian is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
He stated that , in the rules it specifies that the winner of the Royal Rumble may face either the WWE Champion or World Heavyweight Champion .
Hurricane Frederic was the sixth tropical cyclone , third hurricane and second major hurricane of the 1979 Atlantic hurricane season .
Who 's Who in American Women 1995 to present
When the Messenian helots ( serfs ) revolt against their Spartan masters following the severe earthquake , King Archidamus II organises the defense of Sparta .
Sebastian Bengt Ulf Larsson ( born 6 June 1985 ) is a Swedish international footballer who plays for Birmingham City .
According to the 2005 census ( INE ) , the municipality has a population of 10,123 inhabitants .
Steve Martin Biography ( 1945 - ) filmreference.com .
The office was headed by former Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge , who assumed the title of Assistant to the President for Homeland Security .
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
The huge ( 100,000 people ) October 21 March on the Pentagon saw hundreds arrested and injured .
The hind feet each had three short toes , while each forefoot had five toes ; only the inner two toes had a blunt hoof .
Los Angeles Dodgers ( )
The total area is 85.58 km which gives a population density of 60 inhabitants per km .
'' Love in this Club '' peaked at # 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
It was the first major theorem to be proven using a computer .
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Bradford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
In 1860 the district was named as Faridpur after 12th Century Sufi saint Shah Sheikh Fariduddin .
Also included are two wild cards that depict an infantry , cavalry , and artillery piece , as opposed to one of the three and a territory . Because these cards have all three symbols , they can match with any two other cards to form a set .
Giverny is a commune of the Eure department in northern France . It is best known as the location of Claude Monet 's garden and home .
Charles Watson-Wentworth , 2nd Marquess of Rockingham , KG , PC ( 13 May 1730 -- 1 July 1782 ) , styled The Hon .
The name '' 7 World Trade Center '' has referred to two buildings : the original structure , completed in 1987 , and the current structure . The original building was destroyed on September 11 , 2001 , and replaced with the new 7 World Trade Center , which opened in 2006 .
Many well-known plants of the Ericaceae live in temperate climates , such as cranberry , blueberry , various heaths and heathers ( Erica , Cassiope , Daboecia , Calluna vulgaris etc ) , huckleberry , azalea and rhododendron .
The company was now able to sell cars according to current market trends following the sellers ' market of the postwar years .
September 5 & ndash ; American Civil War : In the Confederacy 's first invasion of the North , General Robert E. Lee leads 55,000 men of the Army of Northern Virginia across the Potomac River at White 's Ford near Leesburg , Virginia , into Maryland .
Eminem then went on hiatus after touring in 2005 .
'' Japan guards the emperors ' secrets ; Ban on digs in ancient imperial tombs frustrates archaeologists , '' The Independent ( London ) .
Serain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
To the south it bordered the Czech Republic .
Characters Main characters Buffy Anne Summers ( played by Sarah Michelle Gellar ) is '' the Slayer '' , one in a long line of young women chosen by fate to battle evil forces .
Bad Blood 1997 was originally titled and took place on October 5 .
Re : coded was released in Japan on October 7 , 2010 , January 11 , 2011 in North America , and on January 14 , 2011 in Europe .
Lyme disease is the most common tick-borne disease in North America and Europe , and one of the fastest-growing infectious diseases in the United States .
When a player reached the end of the game they could retire to the '' Millionaire '' space if they thought they had the most money .
In 1922 , he was appointed Professor of English at the University of Leeds .
Three former PayPal employees created YouTube in February 2005 .
Camiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in France .
Seth MacFarlane buys Beverly Hills home for $ 13.5 million Early life MacFarlane was born on October 26 , 1973 , in Kent , Connecticut .
Today its membership consists of the 205 National Olympic Committees .
Attesting to the impact of swamp blues on popular music , the Rolling Stones covered swamp bluesman Slim Harpo 's '' I 'm a King Bee '' , while Neil Young , among others , recorded Harpo 's '' Rainin ' In My Heart . ''
Fraserburgh golf club is the fifth oldest club in Scotland and seventh oldest in the world .
He is the first Asian swimmer to win a gold medal in Men 's 400 metre freestyle event , and the first Korean to win a medal in swimming .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town and Local government area ( see Gunnedah Shire Council ) in north-eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Karr later donated this double bass to the ISB making it available for the use of double bassists world-wide .
He entered the German Army in 1900 as a second lieutenant after graduating from a cadet training school .
The College of Engineering , with six schools focused on technology innovation , enjoys wide renown and currently ranks fourth in the world in engineering publications .
By May 2005 , there had been 3 AR4 meetings , with only public information being meeting locations , an author list , one invitation , one agenda , and one list of presentation titles .
These tend to focus primarily on the immediate family connections ( parents , spouses , children and their spouses ) of the article subject .
Comet West formally designated C\/1975 V1 , 1976 VI , and 1975n , was a spectacular comet , sometimes considered to qualify for the status of '' great comet '' .
Greyson , B , Ring , K/O. The Life Changes Inventory-Revised .
The large spikes were probably used between males in contests of strength to defend territory or gain mates .
These klepto chloroplasts may only have a lifetime of a few days and are then replaced .
His father was a councillor to Duke Guillaume IV of Hainault , and also had a position in a church in Mons .
Northanger Abbey and Persuasion , published together posthumously in December 1817 , were reviewed in the British Critic in March 1818 and in the Edinburgh Review and Literary Miscellany in May 1818 .
Today , the well 's original depth is only about 20 ' \/O/ 6m at best after wet weather and is unfit for drinking .
High-quality Nightingale sound file , The Freesound Project : ( requires free account to download ) .
Whitman has also sung guest vocals on a number of tracks from indie-punk band Fake Problems newest album Real Ghosts Caught on Tape .
Homo erectus pekinensis
Art and culture have a long tradition in Vienna , including theater , opera , classical music and fine arts .
Hamars is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is the state bird of both Maine and Massachusetts , and the provincial bird of New Brunswick in Canada .
This new company , which is totally independent of Mercedes , is once again known as Ilmor Engineering Ltd./ORGANIZATION.
During and after World War II many Russian émigrés moved to the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada , Peru , Brazil , Argentina , and Australia .
Route 80 is one of the two entrances to the Baccalieu Trail , Route 100 and Route 81 lead to the Marine Atlantic Ferry Service in Argentia and other parts of Placentia and St. Mary 's Bays , and Route 1 , the Trans Canada leads towards the second entrance to the Baccalieu Trail and the capital city of St. John 's .
Montmirail is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France .
Fluids such as wind and water , as well as sediment gravity flows , transport previously eroded sediment , which , at the loss of enough kinetic energy in the fluid , is deposited , building up layers of sediment .
Macrophages are responsible for protecting tissues from foreign substances but are also suspected to be the predominant cells involved in triggering atherosclerosis .
Lupin was a success , it won KBS Music Bank K-Chart on March 12 , March 19 , and March 26 , 2010 .
For example , the main road from London to Edinburgh is called the A1 , the '' A '' in Britain indicating a first class route ; this is classified as being more important than '' B '' roads .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
In the wake of the musical invasion into the United Kingdom of American grunge bands , new British groups such as Suede and Blur launched the movement by positioning themselves as opposing musical forces , referencing British guitar music of the past and writing about uniquely British topics and concerns .
They formed in California in 1977 and disbanded in 1986 .
On the afternoon of 25 October 2010 Mount Merapi erupted lava from its southern and southeastern slopes .
Simony ( pron .
This is a list of the tallest completed buildings in Brisbane over 100 metres in height .
September & ndash ; Battle of Inverlochy : Donald Balloch defeats the Royalists .
It lies 10 kilometres ( 6 miles ) from the Belgian border .
It was renovated in the eighteenth century .
In some cases , certain '' benign '' tumors may later give rise to malignant cancers , which result from additional genetic changes in a subpopulation of the tumor 's neoplastic cells .
Named '' street boss '' in 2005 , he administered the family along with the Corozzo brothers .
Stamford Bridge is a football stadium in Fulham , in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , west London , that is home to Chelsea Football Club .
The Shusha pogrom of 1920 or the Massacre of Shusha '' British administrator of Karabakh colonel Shuttleworth did n't impede the discrimination of Armenians by Tatarian administration of governor Saltanov .
Costello perceives the group of females as his personal harem , but when Maluma falls in love with Pitar she breaks off her relationship with him .
Thus , electrical power grids rely on metal cables to distribute electricity .
Sir John Frederick William Herschel , 1st Baronet KH , FRS ( March 7 , 1792 & ndash ; May 11 , 1871 )
Yosemite is famous for its high concentration of waterfalls in a small area .
Research between the early 1800s and today suggests that many stars are part of either binary star systems or star systems with more than two stars , called multiple star systems .
Brak Presents the Brak Show Starring Brak - Zorak
Georg Leo Graf von Caprivi de Caprera de Montecuccoli ( English : Count George Leo of Caprivi , Caprera , and Montecuccoli , born Georg Leo von Caprivi ; 24 February 1831 - 6 February 1899 ) was a German major general and statesman , who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany .
Aubigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Hautes-Alpes is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range .
Ash ( tree ) , Fraxinus , a genus of large trees , originally and most commonly known by this name .
Alloa Athletic Football Club are a Scottish football team based in Alloa , Clackmannanshire .
Claas Jaguars held 41 % of forage harvesters sold in United Kingdom in 2005 and 2006 , with John Deere selling just 23 % .
Spacer materials include Cu ( copper ) , and ferromagnetic layers use NiFe ( permalloy ) , which are both widely studied and meet industrial requirements .
They were a combination of the Anglo-Saxon and Roman systems .
Romania also joined NATO on March 29 , 2004 , and is also a member of the Latin Union , of the Francophonie of the OSCE and an associate member of the CPLP .
Golden Balls is a British daytime game show on the ITV Network , presented by Jasper Carrott .
Twin towns and sister cities are two of many terms used to describe the cooperative agreements between towns , cities and even counties in geographically and politically distinct areas to promote cultural and commercial ties .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 5 and the next station south-east is Oakwood .
Hangul is a phonemic alphabet organized into syllabic blocks .
Aying is a municipality in the district of Munich in Bavaria , Germany .
There exist some doubts to the validity of this treaty : the 13th Dalai Lama denied that he had authorized Dorjiev to negotiate a treaty with Mongolia .
Hanna transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it moved offshore from Massachusetts early on September 7 .
'' Bart the Murderer '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons third season .
Inducted members , known as Arrowmen or Brothers , number more than 180,000 youth and adults .
The Coral Sea is a marginal sea off the northeast coast of Australia .
It can be made from a number of materials including ceramics and glass .
In terms of chemistry , mafic rocks are on the other side of the rock spectrum from the felsic rocks .
The Rose Bowl ( or the Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio for sponsorship purposes ) is an annual American college football bowl game , usually played on January 1 ( New Year 's Day ) at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California .
Nesomyids are small to medium rodents , with the largest being the size of a rat .
Established in 1972 , the park is named after explorer Charles Sturt .
The rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and '' come true '' ( remain identical to the parent plant ) are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers .
The prince 's father , King Henry , dies , and certain unscrupulous officials insist that the pauper keep pretending to be prince so that those officials can benefit once the pauper is crowned king .
He stated that , although Michaels should have a rematch , he had to '' enforce the law '' .
Notable people Hildegarde , American cabaret singer , was born in Adell .
The apartments are in the Greenwich Village area , in New York City .
Previously Gili Trawangan was covered in forest and deer lived on the island .
Hot Club de Paris are a band of two brothers and a mutual friend .
The district was part of the Holy Roman Empire of the German nation .
Novalis was the pseudonym of Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg ( May 2 , 1772 - March 25 , 1801 ) , an author and philosopher of early German Romanticism .
It was first competed at the World Figure Skating Championships in 1952 , but did not become a Winter Olympic Games medal sport until 1976 .
In Star Fox : Assault , his voice was done by Jim Walker in the English release and by Kenji Nojima in the Japanese release .
When he heard of the work of Cecil Rhodes and his pioneers in building the Cape to Cairo railway in Africa , Burnham sold what little he owned and , in 1893 , set sail to Cape Town , South Africa , with his wife and young son .
The word laser started as an acronym for '' light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation '' ; in modern usage '' light '' broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency , not only visible light , hence infrared laser , ultraviolet laser , X-ray laser , and so on .
People living within a 20 km ( 12.5 mile ) zone were told to evacuate .
The Unification Church was the subject of the largest consumer fraud investigation in Japan 's history in 1997 and number of subsequent court decisions awarded hundreds of millions of yen in judgments , including 37.6 million yen ( $ 300,000 ) to two women coerced into donating their assets to the Unification Church .
The reigning emperor was .
Though the Gucci Accessories Collection was well received , it proved to be the force that brought the Gucci dynasty crashing down .
Clifford Cocks , a British mathematician working for the UK intelligence agency GCHQ , described an equivalent system in an internal document in 1973 , but given the relatively expensive computers needed to implement it at the time , it was mostly considered a curiosity and , as far as is publicly known , was never deployed .
( x + y ) ^ 4 ; = ; x ^ 4 , + , 4 x ^ 3y , + , 6 x ^ 2 y ^ 2 , + , 4 x y ^ 3 , + , y ^ 4 .
Queen and worker bumblebees can sting .
The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is above sea level , one of the highest points on any motorway in the UK ( junction 22 of the M62 on Saddleworth Moor is higher ) .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
The Boys ( comics ) , an American creator-owned comic book series by Garth Ennis and Darick Robertson
Inside the plastic casing is a small printed circuit board .
Biomedical gerontology , also known as experimental gerontology and life extension , is a sub discipline of biogerontology that endeavors to slow , prevent , and even reverse aging in both humans and animals .
The movie revolves around a '' mutant cure '' that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans , and on the mysterious resurrection of Jean Grey , who appeared to have died in X2 .
His father was an itinerant evangelist who actively ministered through international radio and Bible courses until his death on March 6 , 2007 .
MySQL is officially ( '' My S-Q-L '' ) ,
One of the oldest cat breeds , it takes its name from its place of origin : Persia ( Iran ) .
Joseph Karl Stieler ( 1 November 1781 - 9 April 1858 ) was a German painter .
Some Christian traditions consider evangelists to be in a leadership position ; they may be found preaching to large meetings or in governance roles .
Italy Bottarga is primary the salted and dried roe pouch of the northern bluefin tuna ; can be also prepared with the dried roe pouch of the flathead mullet , even if it is considered of low quality and less tasty .
In church music , Passion is a term for sung musical settings , normally at least partly choral , of the Gospel texts covering the Passion of Jesus , the events leading up to the Crucifixion of Jesus , and emphasising his suffering .
Fehn is then seen lighting a candle and offering it to Taylor who blows it out .
The Richest Duck in the World or The Recluse of McDuck Manor is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the twelfth of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
Vampires Suck has received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics , and it currently has an approval rating of 6 % on Rotten Tomatoes , with the consensus being '' Witlessly broad and utterly devoid of laughs , Vampires Suck represents a slight step forward for the Friedberg-Seltzer team . ''
Warnings and watches are two levels of alert issued by national weather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by the imminent approach of a tropical cyclone of tropical storm or hurricane intensity .
They headlined the '' Just Got Paid , Let 's Get Laid '' tour in January-February 2009 with Cash Cash , I Set My Friends On Fire , and Watchout !
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials ( masonry , wood , concrete and even steel ) as the huge currents involved can heat materials , and especially water to high temperatures causing fire , loss of strength and explosions from superheated steam and air .
However , in parts of Scotland and Ireland Catholics loyal to James remained determined to see him restored to the throne , and there followed a series of bloody though unsuccessful uprisings .
Opening with a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination and showing great artistic skills , she won the free skate scoring 133.95 points .
Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Highway 10 was built in 1953 , and Highway 15 in 1957 .
Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale about which almost nothing is known .
The first known written reference to Japan is in the brief information given in Twenty-Four Histories , a collection of Chinese historical texts , in the 1st century AD .
Lee won the inaugural Donald Bradman Young Player of the Year Award at the Allan Border Medal award ceremony in 2000 soon after his debut .
It is not known when Princess Taiping was born , but it is known that she was the youngest of six known children of Emperor Gaozong and his second wife Empress Wu ( later known as Wu Zetian ) .
Jean Froissart completes his Chronicles detailing the events of the 14th Century in France .
In general usage , the term ` steam engine ' can refer to integrated steam plants such as railway steam locomotives and portable engines , or may refer to the machinery alone , as in the beam engine and stationary steam engine . Specialized devices such as steam hammers and steam pile drivers are dependent on steam supplied from a separate boiler .
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman , directed by Christopher Nolan .
In some males , erection can occur spontaneously at any time of day , and is known as nocturnal penile tumescence when occurring during rapid eye movement sleep .
It is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of the Francophonie , the G8 , NATO , OECD , WTO and the Latin Union .
The Kia Picanto , known as the Kia Morning in South Korea and Chile , Kia EuroStar in Taiwan , Kia New Morning in Vietnam and the Naza Suria or Naza Picanto in Malaysia , is a low cost city car produced by Kia Motors .
'' Jizz in my Pants '' has been viewed over 89 million times on YouTube , as of June 2010 , outviewing OK Go 's popular treadmill music video , '' Here It Goes Again '' , in less than six months .
McPherson , p. 3 .
After releasing their debut album Prayers of Steel and their Depraved to Black EP in 1985 , the band changed their name to Rage because there was another band in England that also carried the moniker .
Chivas USA plays its home games at The Home Depot Center in Carson , which it shares with its rival , Los Angeles Galaxy .
Services From Scarborough Monday to Saturdays there is generally an hourly First TransPennine Express service to York , Leeds , Manchester Piccadilly and Liverpool Lime Street and a two-hourly service to Bridlington and Hull on the Yorkshire Coast Line .
Definition of lady cow , Webster 's Revised Unabridged Dictionary (/O1913/O) , provided by die.net .
Dame Shirley Veronica Bassey , DBE ( born 8 January 1937 in Cardiff , Wales ) , is a Welsh singer who found fame in the late 1950s and has continued a successful career since then worldwide . She is best known for recording the theme songs to the James Bond films Goldfinger ( 1964 ) , Diamonds Are Forever ( 1971 ) , and Moonraker ( 1979 ) , and is a UNESCO Artist for Peace .
Background The term Near East came into use in the 1890s , when European powers were faced with two critical situations in the '' east '' .
He left Chicago to work in Schenectady , New York , in public relations for General Electric , where his brother Bernard worked in the research department .
The single has been confirmed by MTV and Fueled by Ramen .
Thorell 1882 They are also known as whip scorpions because of their resemblance to true scorpions and because of their whiplike tails .
In the West , learning by ear is associated with traditional and folk music , but many classical music forms throughout the world lack notation , and have therefore been passed from generation to generation by ear .
The technique of radiocarbon dating was developed by Willard Libby and his colleagues at the University of Chicago in 1949 .
Kentikian won her first world championship fight in February 2007 , and she is the current World Boxing Association ( WBA ) , World Boxing Organization ( WBO ) and Women 's International Boxing Federation ( WIBF ) world flyweight champion , and is considered Top Female fighter pound for pound .
The goalkeeper was part of the Japanese 2004 Olympic football team , who exited in the first round , having finished fourth in group B , below group winners Paraguay , Italy and Ghana .
A practitioner of astrology is called an astrologer .
Fort Mitchell is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States , and is part of Greater Cincinnati .
Year 1687 ( MDCLXXXVII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Saturday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
It used a mixture of graphite , sulphur , and antimony .
Stuart Baxter ( born 16 August 1953 ) is an English football manager and former player .
The 1040s decade ran from January 1 , 1040 , to December 31 , 1049 .
Airport travel is also often delayed by low visibility , sometimes causing long waits due to instrument flight rules and wider spacing of aircraft .
__ NOTOC __
Ibadi communities are generally regarded as conservative , for example Ibadiyya rejects the practice of qunut or supplications while standing in prayer .
Plotted graphs are : y = x ( green ) , y = 10 x ( red ) , y = log ( x ) ( blue ) .
Sericulture has been practiced for at least 5,000 years in China , Korea , and Japan .
Depending on the origin of a family , Palauans may represent many parts of Melanesia , Micronesia and Polynesia .
The family includes about 550-600 species in around 18 genera , and is widespread in the tropical , subtropical and warm temperate regions of the world .
Although the approval of both Houses is necessary for legislation , the Senate very rarely rejects bills passed by the Commons ( though the Senate does occasionally amend bills ) .
The new fuel efficient , Airbus A350-900 is scheduled to enter airline service in the summer .
She held the post of Composer in Association for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra from 1995 to 1998 .
Wiley 's Well is a remote , natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it .
Southern Florida experienced moderate rainfall , with a peak of 16.47 i occurring in Tavernier .
The issuance of the currency is controlled by the State Bank of Pakistan , the central bank of the country .
Vickie Guerrero ( born Vickie Lara on April 16 , 1968 ) , is an American professional wrestling personality , manager , shifting authority figure and occasional wrestler . She is the widow of the late professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero , currently signed to WWE on its Raw brand .
The MPL was approved both as an Open Source software license by the Open Source Initiative and as a Free Software license by the Free Software Foundation .
In computability theory , the halting problem is a decision problem which can be stated as follows : Given a description of a program , decide whether the program finishes running or continues to run , and will thereby run forever .
A web site is hosted on at least one web server , accessible via a network such as the Internet or a private local area network .
Brown is also a mystery writer and screenwriter .
Joshua David Bell ( born December 9 , 1967 ) is an American Grammy Award-winning violinist .
Previously , the title of the largest enclosed shopping mall was with the West Edmonton Mall in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada from 1986 -- 2004 .
It is located at an altitude of Location of Mingora - Falling Rain Genomics and lies on the banks of River Swat about from Saidu Sharif , the present capital of Swat .
Annales des empereurs du japon , pp .
It was founded in 1963 by the violinist Yehudi Menuhin .
She had three sisters : Elaheh , Ghazale and Sheida .
The Church of Scotland traces its roots back to the beginnings of Christianity in Scotland , but its identity is principally shaped by the Reformation of 1560 .
According to legend , the hills above Kikaishima airport have beds of cornflower that bloom in early May .
A hi-hat , or hihat , is a type of cymbal and stand used as a typical part of a drum kit by percussionists in R&B , hip-hop , disco , jazz , rock and roll , house , reggae and other forms of contemporary popular music .
The story takes place during three years of the Great Depression in the fictional '' tired old town '' of Maycomb , Alabama .
Srinagar North Tehsil .
Aartselaar ( old spelling : Aertselaer ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Aartselaar proper .
Leipziger Land is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
By 1973 , Millard founded IMS Associates , Inc. .
Les Autels is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
For the historic battle , see Battle of the Hydaspes .
Although she had significant cross-factional support , she announced on 25 January 2005 that she would not contest the leadership , allowing Beazley to be elected unopposed .
Consequently Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars , having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2 , which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously discovered .
The anti-tobacco movement did not have much effect in the early years of the Nazi regime and tobacco use increased between 1933 and 1939 , but smoking by military personnel declined from 1939 to 1945 .
LittleBigPlanet , commonly abbreviated LBP , is a puzzle platformer video game , based on user-generated content , for the PlayStation 3 first announced on 7 March 2007 , by Phil Harrison at the Game Developers Conference ( GDC ) in San Francisco , California .
Vauxhall station is a central London National Rail , London Underground and London Buses interchange station .
In this sense of being synonymous with the Buddha 's teachings the Dharma constitutes one of the Three Jewels of Buddhism in which practitioners of Buddhism take refuge ( what one relies on for his\/her lasting happiness ) . The three jewels of Buddhism are the Buddha ( mind 's perfection of enlightenment ) , the Dharma ( teachings and methods ) , and the Sangha ( awakened beings who provide guidance and support ) .
Le Hérie-la-Viéville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Soldiers of the Cologne War and later the Thirty Years ' War raided Gerresheim .
He won the Vezina Trophy as the best goaltender in the NHL in 2006 along with the William M. Jennings Trophy for giving up the fewest goals in the league .
Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising , known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance 2 is a turn-based tactics video game for the Game Boy Advance . It was developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2003 .
When Khaled Hosseini was in third grade , he taught Khan to read and write .
Shepard and Mitchell made their lunar landing on February 5 in the Fra Mauro formation ; this had originally been the target of the aborted Apollo 13 mission .
Montserrat ( ) is a British overseas territory located in the Leeward Islands , part of the chain of islands called the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean Sea .
Anglade is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
The unique stripes and behaviors of zebras make these among the animals most familiar to people .
Danny Lennon ( born 6 April 1970 ) is a former association football player and current manager of Scottish Premier League club St. Mirren .
Allmusic was founded in 1991 by popular-culture archivist Michael Erlewine as a guide for consumers .
Inverbervie is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland , south of Stonehaven , in the Aberdeenshire council area .
Prignac-et-Marcamps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The upper side of the wings is bright orange with the basal part of the hind wing unmarked .
The violence continued to escalate , culminating in the deaths of at least five Europeans , including government employees and civilians .
Institute of Communications Studies , Leeds University It is associated with varying degrees of racism and a desire for racial separation .
Since 1987 the site has been managed by the Port Arthur Historic Site Management Authority , with conservation works funded by the Tasmanian Government and the admission fees paid by visitors .
Gert Engels ( born 26 April 1957 ) is a former German football ( soccer ) player and coach .
Binary system In 2001 , it was discovered that Patroclus is a binary object , made up of two components of roughly similar size .
A member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) , she was president of the People 's Chamber of the German Democratic Republic from April to October 1990 and as such the last head of state .
Joseph Louis Lagrange proves Bachet 's Conjecture .
A mathematical constant is a special number , usually a real number , that arises naturally in mathematics .
The Swedish Academy was founded in 1786 by King Gustav III .
Robert James '' Rab '' Douglas ( born 24 April 1972 in Lanark ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Dundee .
Luca Marchegiani ( born February 22 , 1966 in Ancona ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
Plantain leaves are also used in making karimeen pollichathu in Kerala .
Released under the terms of the Mozilla Public License , Swiftweasel is free and open source software .
Honors and legacies Cleary has won many awards , including the Laura Ingalls Wilder Award in 1975 and the 1984 Newbery Medal for her book Dear Mr. Henshaw .
redirect plaintext
Throughout his career , Seaborg worked for arms control .
The Marlboro branding gave rise to some of Australia 's most prominently recognizable race cars such as the L34 and A9X Torana , as well as the famous VK Group C '' Big Banger '' Commodore of Peter Brock and Larry Perkins Bathurst winning fame .
The serve is usually initiated by tossing the ball into the air and hitting it ( usually near the apex of its trajectory ) into the diagonally opposite service box without touching the net .
The Triple Entente ( from French entente '' agreement '' ) was the name given to the alliance among Great Britain , France and Russia after the signing of the Anglo-Russian Entente in 1907 .
It is better to put information on your user page rather than in your signature .
No Manx-born person has ever been appointed Lieutenant Governor , although Manx born First Deemsters ( ex officio Deputy Governors ) have taken on the role during the transition of power between Governors , and during periods when the Lieutenant Governor is off-Island .
It can be accompanied by yawning .
It is mainly used for electroplating of nickel .
An unsaturated fat is a fat or fatty acid in which there is at least one double bond within the fatty acid chain .
The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations in the Crystal Palace of Hyde Park , London , ran from May 1 until October 18 , 1851 .
Today , the Escalade and Escalade EXT pickup are two of only three Cadillac vehicles made outside of the United States .
A software developer is a person concerned with facets of the software development process .
After the creation of the Bishopric of Bamberg by Emperor Henry II , the first Bishop of Bamberg , Eberhard I , founded the abbey in 1015 as the bishop 's private monastery .
According to the 2001 census , Chios Prefecture ( including the smaller islands of Oinousses and Psara ) has a permanent resident population of 51,936 , with more than 97 percent living on the main island .
This mirrors the portrayal of Ratri ( night ) in the Rigveda , where she works in close cooperation but also tension with her sister Ushas ( dawn ) .
The first named storm of the 2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season , Nargis developed on April 27 in the central area of Bay of Bengal .
The current president of the University , Stephen Jones , is the great-grandson of the founder and the fourth member of the Jones family to serve as president .
The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship , which The Undertaker won to retain the championship .
Uzan is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Steven John '' Elvis '' Pressley ( born 11 October 1973 in Elgin , Moray , Scotland ) is a retired Scottish footballer , who is now the manager of Scottish First Division club Falkirk .
Al Jazeera presented controversial views regarding the governments of many Persian Gulf states , including Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain and Qatar ; it also presented controversial views about Syria 's relationship with Lebanon , and the Egyptian judiciary .
The Cyprus national football team is the national football team of the island of Cyprus and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association .
It is navigable from its junction with the Driffield Navigation at Frodingham Beck , and it continues downstream through Hempholme Lock and via the junctions with the Leven Canal , the Arram Beck and Beverley Beck .
Before the conquest by Arabian Muslims reached Lebanon , the Lebanese people including those who would become Muslim and the majority who would remain Christian , spoke a dialect of Aramaic .
North Korea , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ; Chosongul : , Hancha : ) , is a country in East Asia , occupying the northern half of the Korean Peninsula .
The organization received a boost in prestige when President Andrew Jackson invited his Postmaster General , William T. Barry , to sit as a member of the Cabinet in 1829 .
Early life Born in London , she was the only foreign-born First Lady .
Matthew Hansen '' Matt '' Mead ( born March 11 , 1962 ) , is the 32nd and current Governor of Wyoming .
It was the first game in the series to feature only three playable characters , an all-female main cast , and early access to most of the game 's locations .
The 2005 Azores subtropical storm was the nineteenth nameable storm of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Sidewiki is a browser extension that allows anyone logged into a Google account to make and view comments about a given website in a sidebar .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle ( c. 900 ) says that '' Derby is divided by water '' .
ISBN 0-88391-016-0 According to Roberts and Butts , on December 2 , 1963 they began to receive coherent messages from a male personality who eventually identified himself as Seth .
The North Sea is bounded by the Orkney Islands and east coasts of England and Scotland to the west and the northern and central European mainland to the east and south , including Norway , Denmark , Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium , and France .
The reconciliation dinner is successful , and at midnight , Drood and Neville Landless leave together to go down to the river and look at a wind storm that rages that night .
At the end of 1901 Fisher married Margaret Irvine , his previous landlady 's daughter .
The first recorded use of old lavender as a color name in English was in the year 1924 .
There are nearly 20,000 known species of bees in seven to nine recognized families , though many are undescribed and the actual number is probably higher .
This article is about the year 959 .
Mousavi served as the president of the Iranian Academy of Arts until 2009 when Conservative authorities removed him .
An emergency exit in a structure is a special exit for emergencies such as a fire : the combined use of regular and special exits allows for faster evacuation , while it also provides an alternative if the route to the regular exit is blocked by fire , etc./O.
The hurricane attained Category 5 status in the central Caribbean Sea .
Rochester 's history ~ an illustrated timeline .
The openly pro-Turkish policy of Radu ( who was prince of Wallachia during most of Vlad 's captivity ) , was a probable factor in Vlad 's rehabilitation .
Booker T eliminated Chris Masters to win the Battle Royal .
Le Verguier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Spelling and grammar corrections generally count as minor edits , which you can denote by checking the box labeled '' This is a minor edit '' ; stylistic corrections are generally major and call for written summaries .
He later starred on the short lived Timecop series on ABC in the fall of 1997 .
Charles V was the last Holy Roman Emperor to be crowned by the Pope .
The town was established in the 1860s on the site of the station where the route for travellers to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek .
Martinpuich is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Another rivalry from the Raw brand came with Melina challenging Beth Phoenix for her WWE Women 's Championship in a singles match .
Child custody and guardianship are legal terms which are sometimes used to describe the legal and practical relationship between a parent and his or her child , such as the right of the parent to make decisions for the child , and the parent 's duty to care for the child .
Saint-Sauveur-de-Puynormand is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The normal schools evolved from state normal schools , to state teacher 's colleges , to state colleges .
Balham station consists of two adjacent stations ( a London Underground station and a National Rail station ) located in the Balham area of south London , England .
ReactOS is a computer operating system intended to be binary compatible with application software and device drivers made for Microsoft Windows NT versions 5 .
Earlier , Nazi Germany had provided support for the Austrian National Socialist Party ( Austrian Nazi Party ) in its bid to seize power from Austria 's Austrofascist leadership .
It is possible that the name Asia became preferred over Hesiod 's Clymene to avoid confusion with what must be a different Oceanid named Clymene , who was mother of Phaethon by Helios in some accounts .
After the liberation of France in 1944 , the SFIO re-emerged in a coalition with a powerful French Communist Party ( PCF ) , which became the largest left-wing party , and the Christian democratic Popular Republican Movement ( MRP ) .
Modern culinary recipes normally consist of several components
The monastery became Benedictine in the second half of the tenth century ( one author gives the time range 974-7 , another considers 969 more likely ) .
Arms and expropriated goods were distributed amongst the people , tax money was returned and official documents destroyed .
The Indo-Scythians were named '' Shaka '' in India , an extension on the name Saka used by the Persians to designate Scythians .
During the Vice President 's absence , the President pro tempore is the highest-ranking official in the Senate and may preside over its sessions . The President pro tempore is elected by the Senate and is customarily the most senior Senator in the majority party .
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Women 's World Champion title ; ( +3 -- 1 = 0 ) at Rotterdam 1934 , and ( +9 -- 2 = 5 ) at Semmering 1937 .
Ball Regulations Points can be scored in several ways - a try , scored by grounding the ball in the in-goal area , is worth 5 points and a subsequent conversion kick scores 2 points .
In 1988 , Shafi Goldwasser , Silvio Micali , and Ronald Rivest became the first to rigorously define the security requirements of digital signature schemes .
Each Surah is named for a word or name mentioned in one of its ayat ( sections ) .
It is located in the Northern Areas of Kashmir , Pakistan .
Already known for having conducted Tchaikovsky 's The Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre at the age of 20 , he quickly established his reputation .
Apart from million , the words in this list ending with - illion are all derived by adding prefixes ( bi - , tri - , etc. ) to the stem - illion .
A wide variety of man-made bodies of water are classified as ponds , including water gardens , water features and koi ponds ; all designed for aesthetic ornamentation as landscape or architectural features , while fish ponds are designed for commercial fish breeding , and solar ponds designed to store thermal energy .
The snout is blunt with tiny , sharp teeth in both jaws .
The Great Pyramid of Giza ( also called the Pyramid of Khufu and the Pyramid of Cheops ) is the oldest and largest of the three pyramids in the Giza Necropolis bordering what is now El Giza , Egypt .
Florence Mabel Kling '' Flossie '' Harding ( previously DeWolfe ; August 15 , 1860 , Marion , Ohio -- November 21 , 1924 ) , wife of President Warren G. Harding , was 31st First Lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923 .
Mykolaiv is the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast ( province ) , as well as that of both the Mykolaivskyi and Zhovtnevyi raions ( districts ) within the oblast .
Shade and Marina meet up with Shade 's colony , telling stories of what had happened to them .
The cells include lymphocytes , monocytes , and macrophages .
Robert '' Bob '' Primrose Wilson OBE ( born 30 October 1941 in Chesterfield , England ) is a former Scotland international football goalkeeper and later broadcaster .
Dee was married twice and had eight children .
Her name is also spelled Bast , Baast , Ubasti and Baset .
Submission (/O2004/O) is a 10-minute short film in English directed by Theo van Gogh and written by Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( a former member of the Dutch House of Representatives for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ) ; it was shown on the Dutch public broadcasting network ( VPRO ) on August 29 , 2004 .
The third annual Money in the Bank ladder match was the first match that aired on pay-per-view , featuring eight participants ; Edge , Jeff Hardy and Randy Orton from Raw , King Booker ( with Queen Sharmell ) , Mr. Kennedy , Matt Hardy and Dave Finlay from SmackDown !
Abraham '' Bram '' Stoker ( 8 November 1847 -- 20 April 1912 ) was an Irish novelist and short story writer , best known today for his 1897 horror novel Dracula .
This attack was part of a generational feud in which both Zeus and Dionysus were dismembered by Typhon , in a similar manner as Osiris was by Set in Egypt .
Dwarfism can be caused by about 200 distinct medical conditions , such that the symptoms and characteristics of individual people with dwarfism vary greatly .
The SI unit tesla ( T ) for measuring magnetic flux density or magnetic induction ( commonly known as the magnetic field B ) was named in Tesla 's honor at the Conférence Générale des Poids et Mesures , Paris in 1960 .
William and the Dutch army , without Mary who stayed behind in the Netherlands , finally landed on 5 November , having been turned back by storms in October .
This combination continued through May and June and was later billed for a revival on 3 July 1730 .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution incorporating genetics .
Stevenage holds a number of annual events , including the Stevenage Day , Rock in the Park and Stevenage Carnival .
Dynamic programming is another example where the time complexity of a problem can be reduced significantly by using more memory .
Created by telecoms vendor Ericsson in 1994 , it was originally conceived as a wireless alternative to RS-232 data cables .
Archery is the art , practice , or skill of propelling arrows with the use of a bow , from '' arcus '' ( Latin ) .
The key difference between DDR and DDR2 is that for DDR2 the memory cells are clocked at 1 quarter ( rather than half ) the rate of the bus .
Cetology is the branch of marine science associated with the study of cetaceans .
Sphalerite ( ( Zn , Fe ) S ) is a mineral that is the chief ore of zinc .
bar :1861 at :6240 fontsize : XS text : 6240 shift : ( -8,5 )
The Marattiaceae are a primitive group of tropical ferns with a large , fleshy rhizome , and are now thought to be a sibling taxon to the main group of ferns , the leptosporangiate ferns .
He currently plays for the Belgian team Anderlecht .
There are also pronouns , traditionally considered a different part of speech from nouns , but some modern grammars say it is a third type of nounHuddleston , R. & Pullum , G. K. (/O2002/O) .
Its mascot is the lion , and its colours are red and gold .
Austin Watson ( born September 4 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Consequences Creed . He is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , and works in its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling as Xavier Woods .
A chapter house or chapterhouse is a building or room attached to a cathedral or collegiate church in which meetings are held .
Amalthea circles Jupiter at a distance of 181 000 km ( 2.54 Jupiter radii ) .
Ferdinand III , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1637 - 1657 ) .
Top scorer = Ibrahim Fazeel (/O31/O)
The cecum is a pouch-like structure of the colon and the appendix is near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine and has abundant infection-fighting lymphoid cells , which suggests it plays a role in the immune system .
For temporally distributed events , the Poisson distribution is the probability distribution of the number of events that would occur within a preset time , the Erlang distribution is the probability distribution of the amount of time until the nth event .
Apito is the whistle used in samba music and other Brazilian music styles .
Wesleyan through the years , Wesleyan University ) , entry for 1888 .
Sydenham Hill is one of the highest locations in London ; 109 metres ( 357 ft ) above sea level ( spot height on Ordnance Survey Map ) ; and the size of the palace and prominence of the site made it easy to identify from much of London .
The Journal of Experimental Biology .
As a contraceptive , spermicide may be used alone . However , the pregnancy rate experienced by couples using only spermicide is higher than that of couples using other methods .
The Olympic Flame or Olympic Torch is a symbol of the Olympic Games .
Franklin M. '' Frank '' Thomas ( September 5 , 1912 -- September 8 , 2004 ) was an American animator .
Filming took place in New Orleans between February 25 and May 12 , 2008 .
Character information Beverly Crusher was born ( very prematurely ) Beverly Howard in Copernicus City , Luna ( Earth 's moon ) .
It has been speculated that the Vitast must have been one of the seven rivers ( sapta-sindhu ) mentioned so many times in the Rigveda .
At age 17 , Harding assembled a group of musicians to perform Pierrot Lunaire of Arnold Schoenberg , and sent a tape of the performance to Rattle in Birmingham .
'' After five rejections '' , its first edition as a novel was published by Doubleday , Page & Company on February 28 , 1906 , and it became an immediate bestseller and has been in print ever since .
He is also the owner of Queens Park Rangers Football Club .
Several historians have been to the site , and an episode from then Television Corporation of Singapore ( TCS ) history documentary program , '' Hey Singapore '' , was based on Syonan Jinja .
In mid-2007 , Dappy released '' Love for my Slum '' with fellow UK artist Baker Troble .
In painting he gained renown for his style of painting misty landscapes .
Mario Bertini ( born 7 January 1944 ) is a former Italian footballer defender \/O/ midfielder .
Italy retained the championship , beating Hungary 4-2 in the final .
It crossed the peninsula and emerged into the Bay of Campeche weakened , but still a hurricane .
Trinity College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge .
Bedfordshire
Sulfur or sulphur ( ; see spelling below ) is the chemical element that has the atomic number 16 .
Tired of each other , Stephenie was welcomed by Koror with open arms , but most of the tribe agreed that she was a major threat after seeing her confidence and strength .
Y suke Tanaka ( football forward )
Rise Against played at the sixteenth annual KROQ Weenie Roast on May 17 in Irvine , California , and at the sixth annual Download Festival on June 13 at Donington Park , England .
was the 16th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O16/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
Rob Paulsen as Jaq\/Grand Duke\/The Baker\/Sir Hugh\/Bert\/Flower Vendor
On April 15 , 2009 , Microsoft confirmed that Office 2010 would be officially released in the first half of 2010 .
Alternatively , the word '' cuboid '' is sometimes used to refer to a shape of this type in which each of the faces is a rectangle ( and so each pair of adjacent faces meets in a right angle ) ; this more restrictive type of cuboid is also known as a right cuboid , rectangular box , rectangular hexahedron , right rectangular prism , or rectangular parallelepiped .
Mr. William Shakespeares Comedies , Histories , & Tragedies . is the 1623 published collection of William Shakespeare 's plays .
de has been principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic ( BPO ) .
The mountain lion has an estimated population of only 25 individuals parkwide .
Smooth muscle fibers keep it close to the glans but make it highly elastic .
Of the forage harvesters sold in Ireland from 2000-2003 , 60 % of them were Claas Jaguars .
A real-time gameplay video was shown at E3 2003 , which was the first actual gameplay seen by the public ; it showcased new features such as dual-wielding and improved graphics .
Framlingham railway station was located in Framlingham , Suffolk , UK .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC ( 12 July 1885 & ndash ; 5 August 1916 ) was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
The first generation Volvo S80 had one of the highest crash test ratings in the world for five years .
Thomas Heatherwick ( born 17 February 1970 ) is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
In addition to being able to create PDF files from presentations , it is also able to export presentations to SWF files allowing them to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed .
The Toronto Maple Leafs were the Stanley Cup champions as they defeated the Chicago Black Hawks four games to two .
On May 5 , 1961 , Shepard piloted the Freedom 7 mission and became the second person , and the first American , to travel into space .
It has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives instigated by Hollows , the most notable example being The Fred Hollows Foundation .
The Vienna Symphony ( ) is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
Fans are encouraged to sing along .
Addition is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
New York State Route 308 ( NY 308 ) is a short state highway , 6.19 m in length , located entirely in northern Dutchess County , in the U.S. state of New York .
Le Ponchel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Brett Hull ( born 1964 ) , a former Canadian ice hockey player , and son of Bobby Hull
La Entrada ( D.M. )
was the 16th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O16/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
In the 1980s he starred in Ever Decreasing Circles , and from 2000 to 2002 came back to the spotlight with a leading role in Monarch of the Glen .
Its official nickname is the '' Socceroos '' .
It is widely believed that , but for his early death , he might have attained the significance of such central German literary figures as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller .
The turbine converts kinetic energy from the engine exhaust 's velocity and potential energy from the exhaust 's higher-than-atmospheric pressure into rotational kinetic energy , which is in turn used to drive the compressor .
They would have six children together .
ISBN 0-415-28425-2 .
Since 2005 , it has been a part of the UCI ProTour , and in 2009 became one of the 24 races contributing points towards the UCI World Ranking .
On the November 5 airing of Raw , Vince McMahon countered Kurt Angle 's defection by stating that a member of Team Alliance would defect during a match at the upcoming Survivor Series .
The Hives are a Swedish garage rock band that first garnered attention in the early 2000s as a prominent group of the garage rock revival .
February 2 & ndash ; Spaniard Pedro de Mendoza founds Buenos Aires , Argentina .
When the good is completed as to manufacturing but not yet sold or distributed to the end-user , it is called a '' finished good '' .
Gillings & Pollard (/O2004/O) , p. 6 .
Private schools are less common than public schools .
Many heat pumps also use an auxiliary heat source for heating mode . This means that , even though the heat pump is the primary source of heat , another form is available as a back-up .
Crop rotation avoids a decrease in soil fertility , as growing the same crop in the same place for many years in a row disproportionately depletes the soil of certain nutrients . With rotation , a crop that leaches the soil of one kind of nutrient is followed during the next growing season by a dissimilar crop that returns that nutrient to the soil or draws a different ratio of nutrients , for example , rice followed by cotton .
Adolescent youths report being able to masturbate to ejaculation around six times per day , though some men in older middle age report being hard pressed to ejaculate even once per day .
Geum rivale , the Water Avens , is a flowering plant of the family Rosaceae .
During the course of the game , Samus works to prevent the Phazon from spreading from planet to planet while being slowly corrupted by the Phazon herself .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 29 .
The tensions within the team surfaced again at the 2007 Hungarian Grand Prix . During the final qualifying session for the race Hamilton was delayed in the pits by Alonso and thus unable to set a final lap time before the end of the session .
The Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman littorals form the entire southern border .
Previn has composed film scores and other musical works including a cello concerto and a guitar concerto .
Plutonium-244 is the most stable isotope of plutonium , with a half-life of about 80 million years , long enough to be found in trace quantities in nature .
It spent only two weeks in the UK top 75 , the least ever by any Oasis single .
Occasionally , disease-infected corpses were flung into cities in an attempt to infect and terrorize the people under siege , a medieval form of biological warfare .
In 1965 , Laing and a group of colleagues created the Philadelphia Association and started a psychiatric community project at Kingsley Hall , where patients and therapists lived together .
Zeta or ZETA can refer to :
By the end of this decade the population is expected to be nearly 180 million .
Le Grand-Abergement is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Peter Mark Andrew Phillips ( born 15 November 1977 ) is the only son of The Princess Anne , The Princess Royal and her first husband , Captain Mark Phillips .
Entertainingly , upon completion of the Cybran campaign , you receive a message from Elite Commander Dostya , stating she stashed a bottle of fine vodka in the rear compartment of your ACU , a further reference to her Russian-esque heritage .
Opposition is a term used in positional astronomy to indicate when one celestial body is on the opposite side of the sky when viewed from a particular place ( usually the Earth ) .
Users assign themselves a unique name , log into the Active Worlds universe , and explore 3D virtual worlds and environments that other users have built .
In 1968 , he was awarded a football scholarship to the University of Tulsa , where he played middle linebacker under Coach Glenn Dobbs .
; History The best known of the set , it had its premiere , along with the more reserved second March , played by the Liverpool Orchestral Society conducted by Alfred Rodewald , in Liverpool on 19 October 1901 .
Although cold-air funnels rarely make ground contact , they may touch down briefly and become weak tornadoes or waterspouts .
The abdomen contains most of the tubelike organs of the digestive tract , as well as several solid organs .
It is the oldest permanent European settlement in the Americas .
-- )
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Southampton Island is part of the Kivalliq Region in Nunavut , Canada .
Mayday Parade is a rock band from Tallahassee , Florida .
The deeper color shown at right ( color # 8E4585 ) is the color traditionally regarded as plum because it is a close representation of the average color of the plum fruit .
The film was directed by David Silverman , and stars the regular television cast of Dan Castellaneta , Julie Kavner , Nancy Cartwright , Yeardley Smith , Hank Azaria , Harry Shearer , Tress MacNeille , and Pamela Hayden .
After this success , the established electronic group , The Chemical Brothers , soon collaborated with Okereke for '' Believe '' , a track on their Push the Button album .
Saint-Hubert is a municipality of Belgium .
The concept of Papuan peoples as distinct from Melanesians was first suggested and named by Sidney Herbert Ray in 1892 .
Der er et yndigt land ( '' There is a lovely land '' ) is the ( civil ) national anthem of Denmark .
The Edict of Milan was issued in AD 313 , in the names of the Emperor Constantine , who ruled the western parts of the empire , and Licinius , who ruled the East .
The IRA negotiated a short-lived truce with the British and an IRA delegation met with the British Home Secretary , William Whitelaw at Cheyne Walk in Chelsea .
The second reigning member of the House of Capet , he was born in Orléans to Hugh Capet and Adelaide of Aquitaine .
On 1 January 1890 , Carter was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) .
The precise definition of an emergency , the agencies involved and the procedures used , vary by jurisdiction , and this is usually set by the government , whose agencies ( emergency services ) are responsible for emergency planning and management .
Production of the DC-10 ended in 1989 with 386 delivered to airlines and 60 to the U.S. Air Force as air-to-air refueling tankers , designated the KC-10 Extender .
Males are probably slightly smaller and lighter than females ( from a sample size of eight specimens ) .
In surface weather analyses , fronts are depicted using various colored lines and symbols , depending on the type of front .
Interstate 238 ( I-238 ) is a short auxiliary route of the Interstate Highway System in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , United States .
Ludwig II ( Ludwig Otto Friedrich Wilhelm ; sometimes rendered as Louis II in English ) ( 25 August 1845 -- 13 June 1886 ) was King of Bavaria from 1864 until shortly before his death .
Keith and Mitchell were tied 3-3 at Tribal Council and in a Tribal Council countback Keith had no previous votes , but Mitchell had one ; therefore , he was eliminated .
Freire 's Sooty Barbthroat ( T. n. freirei ) is intermediate between the Sooty and Bronze-tailed Barbthroats however , and thus its status needs to be clarified before the situation is resolved .
The name Diomedea , assigned to the albatrosses by Linnaeus , references the mythical metamorphosis of the companions of the Greek warrior Diomedes into birds .
Several individual oak trees , such as the Royal Oak in Britain and the Charter Oak in the United States , are of great historical or cultural importance ; for a list of important oaks , see Individual oak trees .
Hermann Hesse ( ) ( 2 July 1877 -- 9 August 1962 ) was a German Swiss poet , novelist , and painter .
Soon the more northern English , French and Dutch began to dominate the Atlantic .
He wrote several books about the '' technological society '' and the intersection between Christianity and politics , such as Anarchy and Christianity ( 1991 ) -- arguing that anarchism and Christianity are socially following the same goal .
The RTSP server from RealNetworks , for example , also features RealNetworks ' proprietary RDT stream transport .
In the paper , Ludvigsen wrote an article in which he and five others went on exploration into what he termed ` The Forbidden City of the Military ' .
For the first time in three years , Smackdown return to the St. Pete Times Forum to host the June 8 , 2010 edition .
The Order is the senior order of chivalry associated with the Empire of India ; the junior order is The Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire .
Agny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The series was named the NBA World Championship Series until 1986 .
As a producer and a musician , he is noted for a dark , rich and layered sound and a whispering sprechgesang lyrical style .
The group 's peak period was between 1905 and 1920 , with Rosé , Fischer , Ruzitska , and Buxbaum .
Located in south-central Kansas on the Arkansas River , Wichita is the county seat of Sedgwick County and the principal city of the Wichita metropolitan area .
-- )
Bécourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Kunar River ( Pashto : ) is about 480 km long , located in eastern Afghanistan and north-western Pakistan .
In 1985 , Waters declared Pink Floyd '' a spent force '' , but the remaining members , led by Gilmour , continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd .
While many of Freud 's ideas have fallen out of favor or been modified by Neo-Freudians , and modern advances in the field of psychology have shown flaws in some of his theories , Freud 's work remains influential in clinical approaches , and in the humanities and social sciences .
The dates in the below time line are , in some cases , not quite correct .
The official Fujita scale category is determined by meteorologists ( and engineers ) after a ground and\/or aerial damage survey ; and depending on the circumstances , ground-swirl patterns ( cycloidal marks ) , radar tracking , eyewitness testimonies , media reports and damage imagery , as well as photogrammetry\/videogrammetry if motion picture recording is available .
Afterward , Osiris became known as the Egyptian god of the dead , Isis became known as the Egyptian goddess of the children , and Horus became known as the Egyptian god of the sky .
The decision overturned the Plessy v. Ferguson decision of 1896 which permitted segregation .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
A February 2006 bombing that seriously damaged Iraq 's al-Askari Mosque , exacerbated tensions that had already existed .
At one point , Little Bastard attacked Finlay , biting him when Finlay tried to stop him from attacking Gunner Scott .
Examples include color ( specifically referred to as sexual dichromatism ) , size , and the presence or absence of parts of the body used in courtship displays or fights , such as ornamental feathers , horns , antlers , or tusks .
Since then , the band has released four studio albums , all of which have been certified platinum in Canada .
Daniel remains unharmed in the den with seven lions , fed by the miraculous transportation of the prophet Habakkuk .
Most modern navigation relies primarily on positions determined electronically by receivers collecting information from satellites .
A winter sports week ( it was actually 11 days ) was held in 1924 in Chamonix , France ; this event became the first Winter Olympic Games .
The Builder category has been in existence since the beginning of the Hall of Fame and the first builders were inducted in 1945 .
Kelliher , Minnesota is the home of Paul Bunyan Memorial Park , which contains a site purporting to be Paul Bunyan 's grave .
James Burton is also known as the Master of Telecaster .
Aerotolerant organisms can survive in the presence of oxygen , but are anaerobic because they do not use oxygen as a terminal electron acceptor .
Regions in South America include the Andean States , the Guianas , the Southern Cone , and Brazil which is the largest country by far , in both area and population .
Comics and anime In Grant Morrison 's DC One Million ( 1998 ) , all the planets of the solar system are overseen by one member of the future descendants of the Justice League .
The Book of Mormon is a sacred text of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Leon Osman ( born 17 May 1981 ) is an English football player who plays for Everton in the Premier League .
The Olive ( ) , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin ( the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa ) as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
It contained the regulations of the Ayyavazhi sect .
Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato is the main cause of Lyme disease in the United States , whereas Borrelia afzelii and Borrelia garinii cause most European cases .
About four weeks later , on April 17 , he launched the website , which has expanded and grown throughout the world .
Sir Andrew Frank DavisInternational Who 's Who in Classical Music , Europa Publications Limited ( 2003 ; ISBN 1 85743 174X ) , p. 176 .
An area of disturbed weather organized into a tropical depression on August 9 while located 740 m southeast of Hilo , Hawaii .
Recently , Canada Dry has come out with a line of ginger ale mixed with green tea .
See apsis for more information .
Jason D. Harrow ( born May 12 , 1976 ) , better known by his stage name Kardinal Offishall , is a Canadian rapper and record producer .
Note : All dates are approximate up to 841 BC .
The discovery of GMR is considered the birth of spintronics .
However , Copper , not wanting to see him killed , lets Tod go and then diverts Chief and Slade so he can escape .
A meristem is the tissue in all plants consisting of undifferentiated cells ( meristematic cells ) and found in zones of the plant where growth can take place .
As head of Broadway Video and SNL Studios , Michaels has profited from the talent he 's helped introduce , producing the TV series Late Night ( during the eras of Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon - both SNL alumni ) and 30 Rock ( a comedy created by former SNL head writer Tina Fey , and loosely based on her experiences in that role ) .
The nephews , who were originally living with their uncle Donald , are left in Scrooge 's care when the former joins the Navy .
The shugo daimyo were the first group of men to hold the title '' daimyo '' .
While the region is best known for its convict history it is now the key area in the battle to save the Tasmanian Devil from extinction from a new type of contagious cancer called Devil facial tumor disease ( DFTD ) .
The largest and most populated island is Tahiti , in the Society Islands .
He also defeated Diwan 's soldiers and successfully defended the Kongu Region from the invasion of Mysore Kings .
For instance a bone folder allows sharp creases to be made in the paper easily , paper clips can act as extra pairs of fingers , and tweezers can be used to make small folds .
Currently the number is down from 35,000 to just over 26,000 .
Georgian ( , kartuli ena ) is the native tongue of the Georgians and the official language of Georgia , a country in the Caucasus .
Imitation or fake pearls are also widely sold in inexpensive jewelry , but the quality of their iridescence is usually very poor , and generally speaking , artificial pearls are easily distinguished from genuine pearls . Pearls have been harvested and cultivated primarily for use in jewelry , but in the past they were also stitched onto lavish clothing .
The Kabul Markhor or Straight-horned Markhor ( Capra falconeri megaceros ) is an endangered goat-antelope native to Afghanistan and Pakistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of the North-West Frontier Province .
The Governor of Alaska is the head of the executive branch of Alaska 's government and the commander-in-chief of the state 's military forces .
DVD Times - Metrodome in April The release includes several extra features , listed as '' Behind the Scenes of Dark Floors '' , '' Cast & Crew Interviews '' , and '' Dark Floors World Premiere featurette including Q&A with Lordi , the cast and crew and a live Lordi performance '' .
Each prong terminates with a vivid crimson stigma 25 - in length .
Pisces ( - ) is the twelfth astrological sign in the Zodiac , which started from the Pisces constellation .
The album went gold and his first single '' Money for nothing '' went straight up to number 1 on the radio chart for several months and sold platinum .
Although they both have equal status , '' God Defend New Zealand '' is the anthem that is in common use and is popularly referred to as '' the national anthem '' .
The Bastille ( ) was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
Vinca ( , Sunset Western Garden Book , 1995:606 -- 607 from Latin vincire : '' to bind , fetter '' was once known as pervincaVinca article ) or Periwinkle is a genus of five species in the family Apocynaceae , native to Europe , northwest Africa and southwest Asia .
Guerrero and Barr 's first break would come when they were noticed in late 1994 by the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , Paul Heyman , and were approached about wrestling for him in 1995 .
Pilate 's wife had seen Jesus in a dream earlier that day , and she forewarns Pilate to '' have nothing to do with this righteous man '' .
and a United States Kick-Boxing Association ( USKBA ) International Heavyweight Grappling Champion .
These new rings are so far from the planet that they are called the '' outer '' ring system .
The music video depicts the story of a '' pornomime '' and a girl who falls in love after she watches one of his performances .
As well as Roman Catholic there are also small Old Catholic and Anglican Franciscan communities .
Saxifragales is an order of flowering plants .
Her relationship with singer Marilyn Manson , whom she dated from December 2006 through October 2008 , received considerable news coverage .
ESPN consider Trautmann as one of the greatest FA Cup goalkeepers , with Trautmann representing Manchester City in two consecutive FA Cup finals in 1955 and 1956 .
The Soviet Union ceases production of the Mosin-Nagant 1891\/30 sniper rifle .
The Everly Brothers ( Don Everly , born Isaac Donald Everly February 1 , 1937 , Brownie , Muhlenberg County , Kentucky , Phil Everly , born Phillip Everly , January 19 , 1939 , Chicago , Illinois ) are brothers and top-selling country-influenced rock and roll performers , known for steel-string guitar playing and close harmony singing .
CQUniversity started out as the Queensland Institute of Technology ( Capricornia ) in 1967 , and after two years under the name of the University College of Central Queensland , in 1992 became an official university named the University of Central Queensland .
Of the small Greek force , attacked from both sides , all were killed except for the Thebans , who surrendered .
Port Arthur is a small town and former convict settlement on the Tasman Peninsula , in Tasmania , Australia .
The most common example is Hulk Hogan , but other big time promotion stars ( typically the faces ) are known for this , including John Cena .
When Spanish settlers took control of the island , the bay became a vital harbor on the south side of the island .
Soon , Choi-Yuk gets into hospital after taking a beating in the head , falls into a coma , and gives birth to a baby boy named Jophy .
Four Brahmotsavams are celebrated every year , the most famous of which is the one celebrated during the Tamil month of Karthikai ( November\/December ) .
Template to produce single or multiple non-breaking spaces ( '' '' s ) .
Grand Tower is a city in Jackson County , Illinois , United States .
Among the founding 10 clubs , 5 later competed in the J. League : Toyota Motors ( inaugural champion ) , Yomiuri , Fujitsu , Kyoto Shiko Club and Kofu Club .
Shinya Kawashima , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who plays for Japanese club FC Gifu .
In Major League Baseball , the American League Championship Series ( ALCS ) , played in October , is a round in the postseason that determines the winner of the American League pennant .
Poncin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The notation and algorithms for this scheme were extended by Australian philosopher and computer scientist Charles Hamblin in the mid-1950s .
This was India 's first A1GP win .
Caesars has 3,348 rooms in five towers : Augustus , Centurion , Roman , Palace , and Forum .
This foliar feeding can be observed in most non-carnivorous plants .
Arad ( ; , ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana ( most of it ) and Banat ( south of the Mures\/Maros river ) , with the capital city at Arad ( population : 185,272 ) .
Cimabue may have been working in Rome in this period , and there was an active local school of fresco painters , of whom the most famous was Pietro Cavallini .
Its general duty under the Transport Act 1947 was to provide '' an efficient , adequate , economical and properly integrated system of public inland transport and port facilities within Great Britain for passengers and goods '' , excluding transport by air .
Gironde ( ) is a common name for the Gironde Estuary , where the mouths of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers merge , and for a department in the Aquitaine region situated in southwest France .
Melbourne Cricket Ground - Melbourne (/O1956/O)
In word processor applications , the tab key typically moves the cursor to the next tab stop .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Nagoya Grampus .
Urban Legends Reference Pages : Language ( Green Eggs and Ham ) and Snopes .
Angers is located in the French region known by its pre-revolutionary , provincial name , Anjou , and its inhabitants are called Angevins .
Karen Horney ( in English ) born Danielsen ( 16 September 1885 - 4 December 1952 ) was a German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist of Norwegian and Dutch descent .
The actions of the parasympathetic nervous system can be summarized as '' rest and digest '' ( as opposed to the '' fight-or-flight '' effects of the sympathetic nervous system ) .
On June 28 , 1914 , he visited the Bosnian capital , Sarajevo , where Bosnian Serb militants of the nationalist group Mlada Bosna , supplied by the Serbian militant group Black Hand , ambushed Franz Ferdinand 's convoy and assassinated him .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora [ ] [ ] , and sometimes the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately .
The Himalayan Goral ( Naemorhedus goral ) , also known as the Gray Goral , is a small , rough-haired , cylindrical-horned ruminant native to the Himalayas .
Hindenburg always said he wanted to be buried next to his beloved wife .
Then an impromptu Reward Challenge commenced .
These include To Ruhleben -- And Back by Geoffrey Pyke , who successfully escaped from the camp in 1915 .
In Egyptian mythology , Apep ( also spelled Apepi , and Aapep , or Apophis in Greek ) was an evil demon , the deification of darkness and chaos ( isfet in Egyptian ) , and thus opponent of light and Ma'at ( order/truth ) , whose existence was believed from the Middle Kingdom onwards .
A jackal is a member of any of three small to medium-sized species of predators of the genus Canis , found in Africa , Asia , and southeastern Europe .
The group is from Berkeley , California , and is currently based in New York City .
It is the capital of the province of Vibo Valentia , and is an agricultural , commercial and tourist center ( the most famous places nearby are Tropea , Ricadi and Pizzo ) .
The metaseries started in April 7 , 1979 as a serial TV show called Mobile Suit Gundam .
He began an apprenticeship at the photography studio of W. R. Bowles in Hopkinsville .
Susan George ( born 29 June 1934 ) is a well-known political scientist and writer on global social justice , Third World poverty , underdevelopment and debt .
In early 1862 , the struggle had begun between Otto von Bismarck and the liberals in Prussia .
Neau is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Plugin framework for adding more functionality .
No doubt the most notable former Cape May birder is author David Allen Sibley .
Like the originals , HeartGold and SoulSilver will be set in the fictional Johto region .
Alfalfa ( Medicago sativa ) is a flowering plant in the pea family Fabaceae cultivated as an important forage crop in the US , Canada , Argentina , France , Australia , the Middle East , South Africa , and many other countries .
In 1814 Gallaudet became a preacher , having graduated from Andover Theological Seminary after a two-year course of study .
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan ( , October 13 1948 -- August 16 , 1997 ) , was a legendary Punjabi musician , primarily a singer of Qawwali , the devotional music of the Sufis ( a mystical tradition within Islam ) .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , spray , and lozenge forms .
The synagogue was built in the 17th century to serve the local Jewish population , some of whom were part of the immediate entourage of Fakhr-al-Din II .
Often referred to as S. R. Nathan , he was first sworn in on September 1 , 1999 .
The RIAA participates in the collection , administration and distribution of music licenses and royalties .
The following tables compare general and technical information including the differences in feature sets between popular IRC daemons .
Meowth is one of the playable character in the Pokémon Mystery Dungeon games .
The reactor will be the new European Pressurized Reactor , built by French company Areva , which is scheduled to go on line in 2011 .
They are generally very accepting of a wide range of temperatures and salinity .
those strings for which some decision procedure ( an algorithm that asks a sequence of related YES\/NO questions ) produces the answer YES .
It may also be ` combined with other leitmotifs to suggest a new dramatic condition ' or development .
Born in Chile , Sylvia Garcia was adopted by a French family at the age of nine months .
The municipality comprises the villages of Gontrode and Melle proper .
Known for its numerous outlet stores , Freeport is home to L.L. Bean , Wolfe 's Neck Woods State Park , and the Desert of Maine .
The attack is completely successful if the corresponding plaintexts can be deduced , or even better , the key .
June 23 , 2006 - Traded to the Vancouver Canucks along with Lukas Krajicek and a sixth-round selection in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft ( Sergei Shirokov ) in exchange for Todd Bertuzzi , Bryan Allen , and Alex Auld .
The story was originally envisioned as a horror film , inspired by concepts of lucid dreaming and dream incubation .
Moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page , unopposed , years ago , giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article .
Chopsticks are small , often tapered , sticks used in pairs of equal length as the traditional eating utensils of China and its diaspora , Japan , Korea , Vietnam and Northern provinces of Laos , Thailand and Burma .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Juan Silveira dos Santos ( ; born 1 February 1979 in Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as Juan or Juan The Beast , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a central defender for Italian side Roma and the Brazilian national team .
Some example of exoskeleton animals include insects such as grasshoppers and cockroaches , and crustaceans such as prawns and crabs .
By the same token , he recognized that ascertainment was responsible for a phenomenon known as anticipation , the tendency for a genetic disease to manifest earlier in life and with increased severity in later generations .
It is organised by the Dauphiné Libéré newspaper .
Geo wears a shape belt and can create anything by assembling shapes and then singing '' Super Shapes '' .
A PowerPC or Intel Core processor , 256 MB of RAM and 150 MB of free space are required .
The United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) is one of the principal organs of the United Nations and is charged with the maintenance of international peace and security .
With Prussia 's victory over France in the Franco-Prussian War of 1871 , the members of the Confederation were organised by Otto von Bismarck into the German Empire , with Wilhelm I as its Emperor .
English National Opera ( ENO ) is an opera company based in London , England , resident at the London Coliseum in St. Martin 's Lane .
Taff-Ely , a defunct local government district in Wales
Enrico '' Ricky '' Albertosi ( born 2 November , 1939 ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for the Italian national team in the 1966 World Cup and the 1970 World Cup .
In 1997 , he was dropped from the label .
The World Ends with You , released in Japan as , is an action role-playing game developed by Square Enix 's Kingdom Hearts team and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS handheld console .
There are 173 airports in Japan ; the largest domestic airport , Haneda Airport , is Asia 's second-busiest airport .
Parasites , pimps , and courtesans often praise the gods with scant ceremony .
Atka is a hamlet located on the east side of Atka Island , in Aleutians West Census Area , Alaska , United States .
A lawyer by profession , he has served as the chairman of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010 and was elected chairman of the state party in 2008 .
Marcellina urges caution , but Figaro will not listen .
It is the northernmost of the volcanoes lying in the North Volcanic Zone of the Andean Volcanic Belt , which contains 75 of the 204 Holocene-age volcanoes in South America .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are a short distance from the stadium .
Chimbonda has currently won one international cap for the France national team in a friendly game against Denmark back in 2006 .
Early years June Tabor was inspired to sing by hearing Anne Briggs ' EP Hazards of Love in 1965 .
American Civil War : The Battle of Plymouth begins -- Confederate forces attack Plymouth , North Carolina .
Bryce was sworn in on 5 September 2008 .
It is usually sold in rolls and is put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase ( born Daveigh Elizabeth Schwallier ; July 24 , 1990 ) is an Annie Award-winning American actress , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing Rhonda Volmer in the HBO series Big Love , Samara Morgan in The Ring and Lilo Pelekai in Lilo & Stitch .
LinuxDreamcastOctober 21 , 2000SteamAugust 3 , 2007
However , after two deaths and several cases of lead poisoning at the TEL prototype plant in Dayton , Ohio , the staff at Dayton was said in 1924 to be '' depressed to the point of considering giving up the whole tetraethyl lead program . ''
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
The Tucci incarnation adopted the original menus and recipes , and became distinguished in its own right , continuing to attract prominent politicians and celebrities .
Rendell , a member of the Democratic Party , was elected Governor of Pennsylvania in 2002 , and his term of office began January 21 , 2003 .
During pre-production of Beetlejuice , Caroline Thompson was hired to adapt Burton 's story into a screenplay , and the film began development at 20th Century Fox , after Warner Bros. passed on the project .
The Mariner , who can breathe underwater , puts her in a diving bell , and swims down to the ruins of a city that was once Denver and grabs a handful of dirt .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
Photometric survey of the irregular satellites , Icarus , 166 , (/O2003/O) , pp .
The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization , noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas , as well as its art , architecture , and mathematical and astronomical systems .
Despite this handicap the DFV won the 24 hours of Le Mans twice in its original 3.0 litre form for Mirage and Rondeau ( although the Mirage win in 1975 was with a significantly de-tuned unit ) .
Louder Than Live is a home video by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989 .
Jauzé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
RoadRunnerRecords.com , Rob Halford , Robert Plant , Bon Scott , Ozzy Are Among ` Heavy Metal 's All-Time Top 100 Vocalists ' -- December 1 , 2006 , Retrieved on December 5 , 2007 .
It is prepared by inserting blended stuffing materials , called sok ( literally meaning inside ) , between layers of salted leaves of uncut , whole Napa cabbage .
In 1979 , A&M entered a distribution agreement with RCA Records ( which later became BMG ) in the USA , and with CBS Records in many other countries .
Eduardo Gory '' Eddie '' Guerrero Llanes ( October 9 , 1967 -- November 13 , 2005 ) was a Mexican-American professional wrestler born into the Guerrero wrestling family .
He was considered the heart and tongue of Ra as well as the means by which Ra 's will was translated into speech .
The iPhone 4 has two cameras for FaceTime video calling and a higher-resolution display . It was released on June 24 , 2010 .
As of 2000 , approximately 53 % of the world 's population identifies with one of the three primary Abrahamic religions ( 33 % Christian , 20 % Islam , ( 1 % Judaism ) , 6 % with Buddhism , 13 % with Hinduism , 6 % with traditional Chinese religion , 7 % with various other religions , and less than 15 % as non-religious .
Monographie der gattung Pomatias Studer .
Halo Wars is a real-time strategy ( RTS ) video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console .
Submission (/O2004/O) is a 10-minute short film in English directed by Theo van Gogh and written by Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( a former member of the Dutch House of Representatives for the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ) ; it was shown on the Dutch public broadcasting network ( VPRO ) on August 29 , 2004 .
He scored in his first game of the 2010 FIFA World Cup , opened the scoring against England in the first round of the knock out stages , and scored twice on his 100th cap against Argentina in the quarter-finals , giving him a total of 14 goals in World Cup finals .
He began wrestling in the World Wrestling Council , where he won the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship five times , as well as numerous secondary titles .
The Blue Jay is a moderately slow flier ( roughly 32 - 40 km\/h ( 20-25 mi\/h ) ) when unprovoked ) and therefore , easy prey for hawks and owls when flying in open areas .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 1 .
Billericay contains Billericay School , Mayflower High School and St John 's School .
No. 2 converted into toastrack in 1916 , sold to Portsmouth in 1919 , becoming their No. 104 .
In general , energy conversion efficiency is the ratio between the useful output of a device and the input , in energy terms .
On the June 19 episode of Raw , in retaliation Van Dam attacked Edge , moments after winning a match against Ric Flair .
A total of 21 archaeological sites have been discovered , three of which ( on the island 's northwest side ) are larger than the others .
The first lineup consisted of Tim McIlrath ( vocals ) , Joe Principe ( bass and vocals ) , Toni Tintari ( drums ) , and Mr. Precision ( guitar and vocals ) .
Dean was barely two months old when she boarded the ship .
In 1968 the Official Secretary was re-titled an Administrator in 1968 and , since 1997 , Christmas Island and the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands together are called the Australian Indian Ocean Territories and share a single Administrator resident on Christmas Island .
The Pillows was formed on September 16 , 1989 .
In middle - to high-salinity ponds , an algae called Dunaliella salina shifts the color to red .
Theodore I Lascaris flees to Nicaea after the capture of Constantinople , and establishes the Empire of Nicaea ; Byzantine successor states are also established in Epirus and Trebizond .
A writing system is a type of symbolic system used to represent elements or statements expressible in language .
The game is a sequel to the 2002 Disney Interactive and Square collaboration , Kingdom Hearts , which combined Disney and Square elements into an action role-playing game , though it is significantly darker in tone than its predecessor .
The industrial city of Ranchi is its capital .
C-USA was founded in 1995 by the merger of the Metro Conference and Great Midwest Conference , two Division I conferences that did not sponsor football .
Coincidentally , I learned that many people are buying LEMON from the bookstore inside Maruzen .
The Chiefs were the second AFL team ( after the New York Jets ) to defeat an NFL franchise in an AFL- NFL World Championship Game when they defeated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV .
A common way of setting the bristle in the brush is the staple or anchor set brush , in which the filament is forced with a staple by the middle into a hole with a special driver and held there by the pressure against all of the walls of the hole and the portions of the staple nailed to the bottom of the hole .
The show has frequently been criticised by anti-racist groups and individuals over its stated ideology , such as the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) , Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) , Stephen Roth Institute , and journalist Max Blumenthal .
Stevens began his musical career as a member of Marzuki , a folk-rock band from Holland , Michigan .
Frederick Bean '' Fred\/Tex '' Avery ( February 26 , 1908 - August 26 , 1980 ) was an American animator , cartoonist , voice actor and director , famous for producing animated cartoons during The Golden Age of Hollywood animation .
Excretion is the process by which waste products of metabolism and other non-useful materials are eliminated from an organism .
Sandra Day O'Connor ( born March 26 , 1930 ) is an American jurist and was the first woman to become a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .
Interestingly , Milton is not completely libertarian in Areopagitica and argues that the status quo ante worked best .
The pier was re-built and extended to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 and a large pavilion was constructed at the end which contained a cafe .
Henry II of England , with the aid of the ousted King of the Irish province of Leinster , Diarmait MacMurrough , sponsors the Norman invasion of Ireland , sparking eight centuries of conflict and war between Ireland and England .
The term is also used symbolically , for instance of occasions for which there is much publicity , even when no music is involved .
Convicts would be transported by merchants and auctioned off to plantation owners upon arrival in the colonies .
In taste the berries range from tart to sweet , with a flavor similar to that of a blueberry , especially in blue - and purple-colored varieties .
Sea Mogadishu leads Somalia in port traffic and still serves as a major seaport .
The share of renewables in electricity generation is around 18 % , with 15 % of global electricity coming from hydroelectricity and 3 % from new renewables .
The first power plants were run on water power or coal , and today we rely mainly on coal , nuclear , natural gas , hydroelectric , and petroleum with a small amount from solar energy , tidal harnesses , wind generators , and geothermal sources .
For example , alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a hazard outside the body , but are carcinogenic when inhaled or ingested .
Shaye operated New Line 's offices out of his apartment at 14th Street and Second Avenue in New York City .
The figures can be obtained from an insolation map or by city or region from insolation tables that were generated with historical data over the last 30 - 50 years .
Originally built to house Portuguese traders , it changed to a Chinese and Dutch trading post from 1641 until 1853 .
At the center of this time period is Classical Greece , which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC , at first under Athenian leadership successfully repelling the military threat of Persian invasion .
Egyptian documents mention that a soap-like substance was used in the preparation of wool for weaving .
Sometimes these maternal antibodies are IgG , a small immunoglobulin , which can cross the placenta and cause hemolysis of fetal RBCs , which in turn can lead to hemolytic disease of the newborn , an illness of low fetal blood counts that ranges from mild to severe .
Following his university education he found employment with Aer Lingus , the state airline of Ireland , in 1947 and became an authority on the strategic economic planning of transport .
Pilgrimages Following the reports that Our Lady of Lourdes had appeared to Bernadette Soubirous on several occasions , Lourdes has developed into a major place of Christian pilgrimage and of alleged miraculous healings .
Animal tissues can be grouped into four basic types : connective , muscle , nervous , and epithelial .
The Nile is considered to be an '' arcuate '' delta ( arc-shaped ) , as it resembles a triangle or lotus flower when seen from above .
It is around 70 m long , stretching from Stockport , Greater Manchester , and ending at Liverpool Bay , Merseyside .
Repentigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The lyrics talk about waiting for someone under a walnut tree but Rice-Oxley has n't given a real meaning to this .
Both nalorphine and naloxone are full antagonists and will treat an opioid overdose , but naltrexone is longer-acting than naloxone ( although neither is an irreversible antagonist like naloxazone ) , making naloxone a better emergency antidote .
The evening and day of Yom Kippur are set aside for public and private petitions and confessions of guilt ( Vidui ) .
Lincoln Cathedral ( in full The Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln , or sometimes St. Mary 's Cathedral ) is a historic Anglican cathedral in Lincoln in England and seat of the Diocese of Lincoln in the Church of England .
This indicates that it has been opened by a small rodent , e.g. , the dormouse , wood mouse , or bank vole .
It forms an enclave in the state of Lower Saxony and is located at the mouth of the River Weser on its eastern bank , opposite the town of Nordenham .
In 2005 , the Reverend David W. Lacy , minister of the town 's Henderson Church , was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland .
On the night of the king 's visit , Macbeth kills Duncan .
This song was released as an acoustic version first , before it appeared on the band 's first album , and over 2 years before the song 's official single release .
UKIP 's London chair , Paul Wiffen , was suspended as Chairman of the London region over '' racist remarks '' made on the social work website Community Care , but was allowed to continue as a candidate in the 2010 elections .
These large larvae are usually known as waterdogs , and are used extensively in the fishing bait and pet trade .
San Nazzaro is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Provincial Assembly of the Sindh is a unicameral house of elected representatives of people of Sindh established under Article 106 of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
It gained this distinction in 1992 , after a survey of urban centres in various countries carried out by the United Nations ( source : Embassy of Brazil in the UK ) .
It was named in honor of Spencer Compton , the Earl of Wilmington , who was Prime Minister under King George II .
The city area is divided into seven blocks for the execution of the sewerage system , two commissioned in the 1990s and two after 2000 .
Saint-Denis-d ` Orques is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It was only saved by the discovery that bassist Noel Redding had a copy of it on tape , which had to be flattened as it was wrinkled .
Bethesda Game Studios is a video game developer founded in 1985 . Previously synonymous with parent publisher Bethesda Softworks , the studio 's name and logo was established with the release of The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind in 2003 .
Later outbreaks of bubonic plague in Italy include the city of Florence in 1630 -- 33 and the areas surrounding Naples , Rome and Genoa in 1656 -- 57 .
Treves came and took Merrick back to the London Hospital .
December 4 WWII : In Yugoslavia , resistance leader Marshal Tito proclaims a provisional democratic Yugoslav government in-exile .
A mid-oceanic ridge , for example the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , has examples of volcanoes caused by divergent tectonic plates pulling apart ; the Pacific Ring of Fire has examples of volcanoes caused by convergent tectonic plates coming together .
All 113 passengers and crew on board lost their lives .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
Kohat Division was an administrative division of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government .
On October 11 , 1883 , the heads of the major railroads met in Chicago at the former Grand Pacific Hotel to adopt the Standard Time System of four standard time zones for the continental U.S.A. . The new system was adopted by most states almost immediately after railroads did so .
Cell populations go through a particular type of exponential growth called doubling .
; Singapore Special education is regulated centrally by the Singapore Ministry of Education . Both special schools and integration into mainstream schools are options for students with special educational needs , but most students with disabilities are placed in special schools .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
For example , each human cell has about 1.8 meters of DNA , but wound on the histones it has about 90 millimeters ( ? ) of chromatin , which , when duplicated and condensed during mitosis , result in about 120 micrometers of chromosomes .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement , a copyleft-based movement which aims to promote the universal freedom to create , distribute and modify computer software .
These often need to run at , or above , the security level of the browser itself .
Romania has the 9th largest territory and the 7th largest population ( with 21.5 million people ) among the European Union member states .
Professional certification , trade certification , or professional designation , often called simply certification or qualification , is a designation earned by a person to assure qualification to perform a job or task .
Most taxonomists who subscribe to the cladistic approach include the grouping Tetrapoda within this group , which in turns consists of all species of four-limbed vertebrates .
The most popular of these sports worldwide is association football , more commonly known as just '' football '' or '' soccer '' .
The large ones are known as maria ( seas ) and the small ones as lac s ( lakes ) .
Amblie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
She mostly teaches every subject not including gym or chemistry .
According to Eusebius ' record , Thomas and Bartholomew were assigned to Parthia and India .
Charles Robert Darwin FRS ( 12 February 1809 -- 19 April 1882 ) was an English naturalist who established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors , and proposed the scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection .
After choosing the destination country , an approximate number of pages and the price are shown .
Jan Peter Balkenende ( ) ( born 7 May 1956 ) is a Dutch Christian Democratic politician who has been the Prime Minister of the Netherlands since 22 July 2002 , currently leading his Fourth cabinet , which is scheduled to be in office until 2011 .
Papyrus sedge ( and its close relatives ) has a very long history of use by humans , notably by the Ancient Egyptians -- it is the source of papyrus paper , parts of it can be eaten , and the highly buoyant stems can be made into boats .
Marcus Stephan Hahnemann ( born June 15 , 1972 , in ) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for English Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers .
The following is a timeline of acts and failed attempts which can be considered non-state terrorism .
He first came to prominence as George Starling in Marriage Lines in the 1960s , but it was in the following decade when he played Tom Good in the BBC sitcom The Good Life that he became a household name .
June 20 -- Monmouth Rebellion : James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth , illegitimate son of King Charles II of England , Scotland and Ireland declares himself King and heir to his father 's Kingdoms as James II of England and Ireland and James VII of Scotland , after already forming his own army and campaigning against his uncle .
Grosvenor Bridge , often alternatively called Victoria Railway Bridge , is a railway bridge over the River Thames in London , between Vauxhall Bridge and Chelsea Bridge .
German reunification ( ) was the process in which the German Democratic Republic ( GDR\/East Germany ) and Berlin , reunited into a single city , joined the Federal Republic of Germany ( FRG\/West Germany ) , as provided by its then Grundgesetz constitution Article 23 .
Coingt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Rio de Janeiro is a center of the urban music movement in Brazil .
The true Egyptian pronunciation remains uncertain , however , because their writing system usually did not feature vowels .
References Lars R. Knudsen , Vincent Rijmen , Ronald L. Rivest , Matthew J. B. Robshaw : On the Design and Security of RC2 .
Olympique de Marseille ( , ; also known as l'OM , ) is a French professional football club based in Marseille .
The town itself is administratively subdivided into two Union councils .
In computer networking , reverse DNS lookup or reverse DNS resolution ( rDNS ) is the determination of a domain name that is associated with a given IP address using the Domain Name System ( DNS ) of the Internet .
Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin , KBE ( 16 April 1889 25 December 1977 ) was an English comedic actor and film director .
After reading the note , he left in there by mistake which cost him dear later .
In these battles , Horus came to be associated with Lower Egypt ( where Horus was worshipped ) , and became its patron .
In 1939 , with Babcock 's support , Stebbins was made a full professor in the Department of Genetics at UC Berkeley , after the Department of Botany failed to promote him .
Current attractions include Space Mountain , Innoventions , Captain EO Tribute , Autopia , the Disneyland Monorail Tomorrowland Station , the Astro Orbitor and Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters .
Division ( military ) , a unit typically consisting of between 10,000 to 20,000 troops
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature , and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions .
John Michael '' Ozzy '' Osbourne ( born 3 December 1948 ) is a Grammy Award-winning English singer-songwriter whose career has spanned over 40 years .
The Golani Brigade 's equipment includes a number of heavy IDF Achzarit armored personnel carriers , which is built around a remanufactured T-55 tank chassis with a new engine .
However , in comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets , scientists now think the extreme orientation may be characteristic of flows in the planets ' interiors .
Zebras are African equids best known for their distinctive black and white stripes .
The best individual result is 8As in 2004 .
It is still one of the four most common causes of nosocomial infections , often causing postsurgical wound infections .
In an interview with James Patterson , it was revealed that Arad has already planned out the first two movies .
He served as President of the Bundesrat ( the fourth highest office in Germany ) in 2001\/02 .
Alchevs ` k , ) is a town in the Luhansk Oblast ( province ) of south-eastern Ukraine .
Some professionals consider masturbation to function as a cardiovascular workout .
;
Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In 1941 , during the Second World War , Hopkin was working as a civil servant at the Ministry of Health when selected by Winston Churchill to be part of the government 's statistical team .
Hohentannen is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Nadal became the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to win the French Open , Wimbledon , and the US Open all in the same calendar year , and became the first male player in history to win Grand Slams on clay , hard court and grass in the same calendar year .
Platforms 1 and 4 at Aldgate are the only two platforms on the network to be served exclusively by the Circle Line .
There is a grade school in Knoxville , as well as Knoxville High School .
The leaves are dark green and elliptic , six to fifteen centimetres long and three to four centimetres wide .
Savannas around the world are also dominated by tropical grasses which use the C4 type of photosynthesis .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
She married actor Hiro Mizushima on February 22 , 2009 .
Political power in Spain is channeled by a central government and 17 autonomous communities .
Serial Storage Architecture ( SSA ) is a serial transport protocol used to attach disk drives to servers .
Sheffield is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
The U.S. Fourteenth Air Force often disrupted the continuous railway between Beijing and Liuzhou that had been established in Operation Ichigo .
Binda was found by the explorers James Meehan and John Oxley in 1820 .
In the summer of 1977 , Lama Foundation gave the copyright and half the proceeds from the book to Hanuman Foundation to further distribute the energy generated by the book through the projects of Hanuman Foundation .
He served as director of music at Clare College from 1975 to 1979 and led the choir to international prominence .
Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage opened on June 11 , 2007 , resurrecting the original Submarine Voyage which closed in 1998 .
Major plague outbreaks This list contains famous or well-documented outbreaks of plagues or disease .
Dorothy Marie '' Dottie '' Metcalf-Lindenburger was born on May 2 , 1975 in Colorado Springs , Colorado and married Jason Metcalf-Lindenburger , a seventh grade teacher at the time , in 2000 .
She also played in the European Team Championships of 1997 when Georgia won the gold medal and in the 1st Europe v Asia Intercontinental rapidplay match which was held in Batumi ( Georgia ) in September 2001 .
Many Baba lovers work or live in the vicinity .
A KDE frontend was released for Ubuntu 8.10 , and is currently included by default in Kubuntu installations .
A high pressure system persisted over the south-central United States , forcing the storm to move just south of due west at 25 mph ( 40 km\/h ) .
The Republic of Texas was an independent state in North America , bordering the United States and Mexico , that existed from 1836 to 1846 .
Today FEMA exists as a major agency of the Department of Homeland Security . The Administrator for Federal Emergency Management reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security .
The Czechoslovak government-in-exile ( sometimes styled officially as : provisional government of Czechoslovakia ) was an informal title conferred upon the Czechoslovak National Liberation Committee , initially by British diplomatic recognition .
Mikhail Tal ( ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 ) was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
The highest point in the region is Black Mountain , at 703 metres ( 2,307 ft ) in west Herefordshire on the border with Powys , Wales .
The first individual born in Northern Ireland to become President of Ireland , President McAleese is a regular visitor to Northern Ireland , where she has been on the whole warmly welcomed by both communities , confounding the critics who had believed she would be a divisive figure .
Calculations showed that Fawkes , who was skilled in the use of gunpowder , had deployed double the amount needed .
The Gondwana Rainforests of Australia formerly known as the Central Eastern Rainforest Reserves , are the most extensive area of subtropical rainforest in the world .
Premature children may commonly be referred to throughout their life as being born a '' preemie '' or '' preemie baby '' .
Fenwick Island is a town in Sussex County , Delaware , United States .
The worldwide success of the band 's previous album , Blood Sugar Sex Magik ( 1991 ) , caused guitarist John Frusciante to become uncomfortable with their status , eventually quitting mid-tour in 1992 .
His novel Ender 's Game ( 1985 ) and its sequel Speaker for the Dead ( 1986 ) both won Hugo and Nebula Awards , making Card the only author to win both of American science fiction 's top prizes in consecutive years .
Pietro Longhi ( 1702 or November 5 , 1701 - May 8 , 1785 ) was a Venetian painter of contemporary scenes of life .
A mix of technical , commercial and geographical feature articles , plus the regular monthly news pages , cover developments in all aspects of the rail industry , including infrastructure , operations , rolling stock and signalling .
Cultural problems Some peoples , especially cultures that were overwhelmed by European colonists , have no commonly accepted demonym , or have a demonym that is the same as the name of their ( current or historical ) nation .
STE is defined by the specification ASD-STE100 , which is maintained by the Simplified Technical English Maintenance Group ( STEMG ) .
However , there were exceptions : The Soviet Union during the 1920s and Yugoslavia after World War II allowed limited markets and a degree of worker self-management , while China , Vietnam and Laos introduced far-reaching market reforms after the 1980s .
He was a spokesman for modernization , banking and industry .
Kitee Zoo , located in Kitee , Finland is the fourth biggest zoo in the country .
The George Foreman Lean Mean Fat-Reducing Grilling Machine , commonly known as the George Foreman Grill , is an indoor , electrically heated grill manufactured by Russell Hobbs Inc. .
The Gaza Strip lies on the Eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea .
Research suggests that it may have been a prehistoric '' calendar '' marking the summer solstice .
The storm 's ragged eye quickly solidified and contracted into a '' bona fide '' eye with a diameter of 15 mi ( 25 km ) .
In 1482 Leonardo , who according to Vasari was a most talented musician , created a silver lyre in the shape of a horse 's head .
Yorkshire pudding , also known as ` pockets ' , is a dish that originated in Yorkshire , England .
For the similarly named region which surrounds the bay , see Bay of Plenty Region .
