James Garner ( born April 7 , 1928 ) is an American film and television actor .
The name ` Araluen ' is reputed to mean ` water lily ' or ` place of the water lilies ' in the local aboriginal dialect .
Although widely associated with grunge music , the band 's sound incorporates heavy metal and acoustic elements .
Sustained winds of tropical storm force from the storm occurred along coastline , unofficially reaching 44 miles per hour ( 71 km\/h ) at Frisco .
'' UHF '' is an original song by '' Weird Al '' Yankovic in the key of E major and based on several different riffs .
and Mark Walden ) .
Real Audio mp3 Ogg He was the Edgar Pierce Professor of Psychology at Harvard University from 1958 until his retirement in 1974 .
The coherent SI derived unit of resistance , the ohm , symbol , for example , is uniquely defined by the relation = m2 kg s 3 A 2 , which follows from the definition of the quantity electrical resistance .
Beautiful , also , is the sun .
The ( recent edit ) you made to : has been reverted , as it removed all content from the page without explanation .
In December 1982 , the recently elected Chancellor Helmut Kohl deliberately lost a motion of confidence in order to obtain a clearer majority in new general elections .
This movement was founded by Joseph Smith , Jr. , in the 1830s and 1840s , and Mormonism represents the branch of that movement led by Brigham Young after Smith 's death .
Other additions include new special '' flair '' moves .
The Book of Ezekiel is the third of the Latter Prophets in the Hebrew Bible , following the books of Isaiah and Jeremiah and preceding the Book of the Twelve . It derives its name from , and records the visions of , the 6th century priest and prophet Ezekiel .
In addition to his official discography , almost all his professionally performed roles have been preserved in radio broadcasts , and many also by television .
Some time later , Giovanni Domenico Cassini discovered four other moons : Iapetus , Rhea , Tethys , and Dione .
Brann also said that Wikipedia '' has no place in the University , '' and he believed the Essjay incident would do nothing to change the unfavorable opinion that academics generally hold about the online encyclopedia .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern IrelandIn the United Kingdom and Dependencies , other languages have been officially recognized as legitimate autochthonous ( regional ) languages under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
The wave began to develop on October 2 north of the Lesser Antilles when it encountered an upper level trough .
Some mint ginger ale brands have an artificial green color added , while others are clear in color . Recently , Canada Dry has come out with a line of ginger ale mixed with green tea .
Large rewards were offered for the capture and return of many of the people she helped escape , but no one ever knew it was Harriet Tubman who was helping them .
Aside from wrestling , he is a 1992 Olympian , and winner of the Arnold Schwarzenegger Strongest Man Contest .
Because balls hit to or near the shortstop position are usually hit harder than to almost any other base , a shortstop must be extremely agile . On some bunt plays , the shortstop often must make a run to third base so that the third baseman can field the bunt and throw to third base in a fielder 's choice play in which the shortstop makes the play at third base .
Rickenbacker International Corporation , also known as Rickenbacker , is an electric guitar manufacturer , notable for putting the world 's first electric guitars into general production in 1932 .
They consisted of both infantry and cavalry .
History of the recipe The earliest known recipes date from approximately 1600 BC and come from an Akkadian tablet from southern Babylonia .
Kilkenny it is situated in the Nore Valley on both banks of the River Nore , at the center of County Kilkenny in the province of Leinster in the south-east of Ireland .
The name '' Xfce '' originally stood for '' XForms Common Environment '' , but since that time Xfce has been rewritten twice and no longer uses that toolkit .
Canada Dry , Schweppes and Seagram 's are major brands of dry ginger ale . Dry ginger ale is marketed as a mixer for alcoholic beverages and as such is a staple on supermarket shelves , in bars , and on airlines .
Meet a squirrel named Fidget and help her take down Jasper and find her lucky nut .
By the 1920 Treaty of Trianon , Hungary renounced in favour of Romania all the claims of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy over Transylvania .
On brass instruments the mouthpiece is the part of the instrument which is placed upon the player 's lips .
As of the 2000 United States Census , the village had a total population of 772 .
Some of Botticini 's works are said to be overshadowed by his Florentine contemporaries , such as Filippino Lippi and Botticelli , who often influenced Botticini 's works .
His mother and grandmother never approved of his career choice , seeing the police as unsuitable for a young man from an aspiring middle-class family ; indeed , when his maternal aunt Emma Brown married Superintendent Samuel Bowles of the Hampshire Constabulary , she made him resign .
Tin ( II ) bromide is a chemical compound of tin and bromine with a chemical formula of SnBr2 . Tin is in the +2 oxidation state .
In opening with a discussion of the three aims of ancient Hindu life -- dharma , artha and kama -- Vatsyayana 's purpose is to set kama , or enjoyment of the senses , in context .
Beresford High School is the only high school in the Beresford School District .
Famous brands include ` Parma Violets ' , ` Refresher ' chews , ` Drumstick ' lollies and - perhaps most famously - Love Hearts .
North American indigenous peoples have cultures spanning thousands of years .
The ilama fruit is either eaten on the half-shell or scooped out with a tool .
In the story , the body of a junior clerk named Cadogan West is found on the tracks outside Aldgate station , with a number of stolen plans for the Bruce-Partington submarine in his pocket .
Christina Maria Aguilera ( born December 18 , 1980 ) , aliased Xtina is an American pop singer and song-writer .
He played 24 games and scored one goal for the Japan national football team between 1980 and 1985 .
Crochet differs from knitting in that only one loop is active at one time ( the sole exception being Tunisian crochet ) , and that a single crochet hook is used instead of two knitting needles .
With Bruce left over as a result of the odd number of castaways , he was granted immunity and sent to Exile Island for three days until tribal council and would join the tribe that lost the next Immunity Challenge .
Although not entirely completed , the Court Opera ( Hofoper ) was inaugurated with a performance of Carl Heinrich Graun 's Cesare e Cleopatra on December 7 , 1742 .
Politics is a process by which groups of people make decisions .
But Morris ' Mini Minor name caught the public imagination and the Morris version outsold its Austin twin , so the Austin 's name was changed to Mini to follow suit .
A prolific actor , some of Sutherland 's better-known roles in the 1980s and 1990s were in the South African apartheid drama A Dry White Season (/O1989/O) , alongside Marlon Brando and Susan Sarandon ; as an incarcerated pyromaniac in the firefighter thriller Backdraft (/O1991/O) , alongside Kurt Russell and Robert De Niro ; and as the snobbish NYC art dealer in Six Degrees of Separation (/O1993/O) , with Stockard Channing and Will Smith .
With 2,121 km it is the second largest district of Lower Saxony .
The lion ( Panthera leo ) is one of four big cats in the genus Panthera , and a member of the family Felidae .
GNOME is a desktop environment software for computers running Linux and Unix-like operating systems .
Eoin Colfer ( , '' Owen '' ; born 14 May 1965 ) is an Irish author and comedian .
Aquilino '' Nene '' Quilinging Pimentel , Jr. ( born December 11 , 1933 ) is a Filipino politician .
The European Union is not a party to the Convention and has no role in the administration of the European Court of Human Rights .
Bourlon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Some sexually transmitted HPV types may cause genital warts .
On January 16 , 2009 , Maritato was inducted into the ECPW Hall of Fame .
The city was incorporated in 1844 and is home to Naval Air Station Whiting Field .
Very spacious given the small number of prisoners using it , the garden space was initially divided into small personal plots that were used by each prisoner in many ways , usually for the growing of vegetables .
Worldwide , the most common cause for goitre is iodine deficiency .
My Chemical Romance is an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 .
The reconstituted County Durham lost territory to the north east ( around Gateshead , South Shields and Sunderland ) to Tyne and Wear and to the south east ( around Hartlepool ) to Cleveland .
When an outflow boundary forms due to a shallow layer of rain-cooled air spreading out near ground level from the parent thunderstorm , both speed and directional wind shear can result at the leading edge of the three dimensional boundary .
Though similar to the existing Class 08 shunting locomotives , Class 09 were re-geared to give a maximum top speed of 27.5 mph ( 44 km\/h ) at the expense of a lower tractive effort .
For Aristotle , reason is not only what is most special about humanity compared to other animals , but it is also what we were meant to achieve at his or her best .
Both singles main draws include 96 players in a 128-player grid , with the 32 seeded players getting a bye to the second round .
After opening his own medical practice , specializing in neurology , Freud married Martha Bernays in 1886 .
Known for his acute analysis of his characters ' psychology , he is considered one of the earliest and foremost practitioners of realism in his two novels Le Rouge et le Noir ( The Red and the Black , 1830 ) and La Chartreuse de Parme ( The Charterhouse of Parma , 1839 ) .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the provisional designation ' .
Even after the rapid expansion of Islam from the 7th century AD onwards through the Islamic conquests , many Christians chose not to convert to Islam and instead maintain their pre-existing beliefs .
A list of pages under the scrutiny of the Wikimedia Foundation can be found .
Azua ( ) is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Geography and demographics In the town live approximately 18,000 inhabitants .
M ) Train is a former operator of half of Melbourne 's suburban railway network .
The following album Mag Earwhig !
The mongoose is the enemy of the snake , a symbol of greed or hatred ; the ejection of jewels represents generosity .
Alt ntop started his professional career in local German club Wattenscheid in 2000 along with his brother .
However , the FIA 's official press release of the entry list for 2006 confirmed that it had not approved Super Aguri 's entry : this was reported to be due to the team 's failure to produce the required $ 48 million entry bond on time .
Gases may dissolve in liquids , for example , carbon dioxide or oxygen in water .
The Battle of Worcester took place on 3 September 1651 at Worcester , England and was the final battle of the English Civil War .
Obsidian has been used for blades in surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , the cutting edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometers thick .
It is common ( and recommended ) for later betting rounds to have higher limits than earlier ones .
The New Zealand designed Rocna has been produced since 2004 .
Re-orientation of Gilan 's agriculture and industry from silk to production of rice and the introduction of tea plantations were a partial answer to the decline of silk in the province .
In 1984 Henning began a solo show on Broadway called Doug Henning and His World of Magic .
Rabin was the first native-born prime minister of Israel , the only prime minister to be assassinated and the second to die in office after Levi Eshkol .
He produced more than 2,000 artworks , consisting of around 900 paintings and 1,100 drawings and sketches .
In the media Deadliest Catch is a documentary series aired by the Discovery Channel beginning in 2005 .
Depending on their specific circumstances and capacities , National Societies can take on additional humanitarian tasks that are not directly defined by international humanitarian law or the mandates of the international Movement .
A small scenic village of around 500 residents in the Bagnes Valley , it lies about 10 km distant from Verbier ski resort .
Accommodation ( religion ) , a theological principle linked to divine revelation within the Christian church
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of children for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad .
In the far future it could grow into a long high mountain range if the continued northward movement of Africa obliterates the Mediterranean Sea .
The of Japan is the symbol of the state and of the unity of the Japanese people .
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics , based on an aggregate score of 72 % from Metacritic .
Following an absence of 25 years , the Formula Two name returned in 2009 following an FIA announcement on 25 June 2008 .
A vast undertaking , de Soto 's North American expedition ranged throughout the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Kyle is distinctive as one of the few Jewish children on the show , and because of this , he often feels like an outsider amongst the core group of characters .
In contrast to George Whitefield 's Calvinism , Wesley embraced the Arminian doctrines that were dominant in the 18th-century Church of England .
Repeats of the show are broadcast in the UK on G.O.L.D. and it is also seen in more than twenty-five countries , including various PBS stations in the United States and in Canada on VisionTV .
The game consists of three scenarios with each focusing on one of the three protagonists : Terra , Ventus and Aqua who are apprentices of Master Eraqus .
Those who felt that Reconstruction had been accomplished and was continued mostly to promote the large-scale corruption tolerated by President Ulysses S. Grant ran Horace Greeley for the presidency .
Rhodes and DiBiase were joined by Manu shortly afterwards , forming a faction of multi-generation wrestlers , although shortly afterwards DiBiase was taken off television to film The Marine 2 .
Achilles and the Myrmidons are the fastest rowers and land before anyone else . They kill many Trojans and desecrate the temple of Apollo .
In 1961 the United States of America discovered that the Soviet Union was placingmissiles on Cuba , close to the United States .
A prominent Hollywood celebrity who vigorously supported Goldwater was Ronald Reagan . Reagan gave a well-received televised speech supporting Goldwater ; it was so popular that Goldwater 's advisors had it played on local television stations around the nation .
There is also an asteroid called 900 Rosalinde .
The mélodie is often defined by comparison to the Lied .
Outside the walls of Rome , the powers of the consuls were far more extensive in their role as commanders-in-chief of all Roman legions .
Birth order and gender matter : older sons ( and their lines ) come before younger sons ( and theirs ) ; a person 's sons ( and their lines ) irrespective of age , all come before his or her daughters ( and their lines ) .
Rob M. forewent seeing his video from home .
This also means that the status of the Neacola Mountains is unclear : it is usually identified as the northernmost subrange of the Aleutian Range , but it could also be considered the southernmost part of the Alaska Range .
, the thirteenth episode broadcast of the seventh season of the TV series Star Trek : Voyager
That same year , the band won a Grammy for '' Best Hard Rock Performance '' for the song '' Plush '' from the album Core .
Sir Peter Maxwell Davies , CBE ( born 8 September 1934 ) , is an English composer and conductor and is currently Master of the Queen 's Music .
Some of its prominent contributors include William Rivers Pitt , Jason Leopold , Scott Galindez , David Bacon , Dean Baker , Tom Engelhardt , William Fisher , Dahr Jamail , Ray McGovern , J. Sri Raman , Norman Solomon , David Swanson and James Zogby .
A native of Seminole , Florida and an alum of Seminole Senior High School , Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in the field of meteorology at the University of Kansas .
Claude Lévi - Strauss ( ; ( 28 November 1908 -- 30 October 2009 ) was a French anthropologist and ethnologist , and has been called the '' father of modern anthropology '' .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
The discipline Terminology studies among other things how such terms of art come to be and their interrelationships within a culture .
For modern languages , the hello world program tends to subtly grow in sophistication . For example , the Go programming language introduced a multilingual hello world program , Sun demonstrated a Java hello world based on scalable vector graphics , and the XL programming language features a spinning Earth hello world using 3D graphics .
Voice and animation Frank Oz provided Yoda 's voice in each film and lent his skills as a puppeteer in the original trilogy and The Phantom Menace .
IRC operators are divided into local and global operators .
Long interspersed nuclear element ( LINE ) , a type of retrotransposon in genomics .
Jonathan , previously the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa State , succeeded Governor Diepreye Alamieyeseigha , who was impeached by the Bayelsa State Assembly after being charged with money laundering in the United Kingdom .
The term anal retentive ( also anally retentive ) , commonly abbreviated to anal , is used conversationally to describe a person who pays such attention to detail that the obsession becomes an annoyance to others , and can be carried out to the detriment of the anal-retentive person .
He conceived the idea of a periodical that would cover every topic the educated public was interested in , from commerce to poetry , and tried to convince several London printers and booksellers to take up the idea .
The band 's name is sometimes abbreviated as D.A.I. , alluding to the fact that Do As Infinity was named after Dai Nagao .
During 2004 , Michael O'Leary warned of a '' bloodbath '' during the winter from which only two or three low-cost airlines would emerge , the expectation being that these would be Ryanair and EasyJet .
The term '' the outback '' is generally used to refer to locations that are comparatively more remote than those areas named '' the bush '' .
Dustin Luis Pedroia ( born August 17 , 1983 ) is a Major League Baseball second baseman for the Boston Red Sox .
The modern name '' France '' derives from the name of the feudal domain of the Capetian Kings of France around Paris .
am : Biography of Leonid Azakaldianhaybachdban.org : AN ESSAY ON THE PSYCHOLOGY OF THE ARMENIAN FIGHTERS OF ARTSAKH WAR ( 1988 -- 1994 )
The weak child overcame many hardships , grew legs ( and , presumably , the rest of his skeletal structure ) at the age of three , and became the god Ebisu .
Saint-Omer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
It is known only from a few bones , including gigantic hand claws , from which it gets its name .
The volcano has erupted relatively frequently since the last glacial period , most recently in 2010The 1821-1823 erruptins come from Larsen , G. , 1999 .
Dienville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Webb had already hired singer Charlie Linton to work with the band and was , The New York Times later wrote , '' reluctant to sign her ... because she was gawky and unkempt , a diamond in the rough . ''
Lully composed many ballets for the King during the 1650s and 1660s , in which the King and Lully himself danced .
During the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , the rebel sepoys seized Delhi and proclaimed the Mughal Bahadur Shah II as Badshah-i Hind , or Emperor of India .
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck ( , born 21 February 1980 ) is the fifth Druk Gyalpo of Bhutan and head of the Wangchuck dynasty .
Published posthumously , it became the basis for Alban Berg 's opera Wozzeck which premiered in 1925 .
Soon , the Nazis began to make clear their genocidal goals , as shown by the speech Hitler gave to Slavko Kvaternik , at their meeting on 21 July 1941 :
In 2008 , Laurie appeared as Captain James Biggs in Street Kings , opposite Keanu Reeves and Forest Whitaker , and then in 2009 as the eccentric Dr. Cockroach , Ph. D. in DreamWorks ' Monsters vs. Aliens .
It is located at the edge of the Flemish Ardennes , the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders ( Flemish Region ) .
The drive-in was built in 1953 by local resident Juan Delgadillo ( May 17 , 1916 - June 2 , 2004 ) .
After discovering that the Bane , creators of a soft drink called Bubble Shock !
the New BSD License\/Modified BSD License , and
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki 's film , Spirited Away , which was also distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .
Carros is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Despite the shortcomings of length , weight , bearing friction , and torsional vibrations that led to the straight-8 's post-war demise , the straight-8 was the performance engine design of choice from the late 1920s to the late 1940s , and continued to excel in motorsport until the mid-1950s .
Captieux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Corot was the leading painter of the Barbizon school of France in the mid-nineteenth century .
The speakers are largely concentrated in eastern India in addition to Myanmar\/Burma with a small amount of speakers in Bangladesh in South Asia and northwestern Southeast Asian region .
On January 1 , 2006 Brugelette had a total population of 3,284 .
The term rotation is also used in aviation to refer to the upward pitch ( nose moves up ) of an aircraft , particularly when starting the climb after takeoff .
Malafrena is a novel published in 1979 by Ursula K. Le Guin .
Arsenic tribromide is toxic , as are all arsenic compounds .
Color vision is the capacity of an organism or machine to distinguish objects based on the wavelengths ( or frequencies ) of the light they reflect , emit , or transmit .
They play in the Northern Premier League Division One South , which is directly below the Northern Premier League Premier Division in the National League System .
Wittingen is a town in the district of Gifhorn , Lower Saxony , Germany .
There are 10 distinct paragraphs , but it can produce up to 20 .
The doctrines of the apostles brought the Early Church into conflict with some Jewish religious authorities .
Somalia , officially the Somali Republic and formerly known as the Somali Democratic Republic under communist rule , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
Bryan Owen '' Pete '' Young ( born March 19 , 1968 in Meadville , Mississippi ) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
If a sufficient number of electors in an area of a proposed new parish ( ranging from 50 % in an area with less than 500 electors to 10 % in one with more than 2,500 ) sign a petition demanding its creation , then the local district council or unitary authority must consider the proposal .
After 2002 , Song continued to make guest appearances in Disney Channel shows such as That 's So Raven , and play minor roles in many American sitcoms .
Jhal Jhao ( ) is a small town located in the southern part of Balochistan , Pakistan in Awaran District .
Vishnuvardhana 's ambition of creating an independent empire was fulfilled by his grandson Veera Ballala II , who freed the Hoysalas from subordination in 1187 & ndash ; 1193 .
The land hemisphere , sometimes capitalized as the Land Hemisphere , is the hemisphere on the Earth containing the largest possible area of land .
Other organisms , called heterotrophs , take in autotrophs as food to carry out functions necessary for their life .
Sturgess was born in London , England and was raised Farnham , Surrey .
Tysaashvan is a village located in the Uzhhorodskyi Raion ( district ) in the Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Dreieich is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany .
In 1924 , the Young People 's Concerts were started , and soon grew to 15 concerts per season by the end of the decade .
Its county seat is Raleigh , which is also the state capital .
Career 1980s In 1985 , Astley was playing the club circuit as a drummer with a soul band named FBI when he was noticed by the record producer Pete Waterman , who persuaded him to come to London to work at the PWL recording studio .
Some pedophiles enjoy using sexual abuse of children as a type of cruelty .
Bradman first met Jessie Martha Menzies in 1920 when she boarded with the Bradman family , to be closer to school in Bowral .
Yale University is a private Ivy League university located in New Haven , Connecticut , United States of America .
Torres Strait is mentioned in Jules Verne 's Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea as a dangerous strait where the submarine , the Nautilus , is briefly stranded .
The maximum apparent size of Ariadne is equivalent to the maximum apparent size of Pluto .
The Verkhovna Rada was first established in 1938 as the national parliament of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic after the reorganization of Central Executive Committee of Ukrainian SSR .
Male and female prisoners are typically kept in separate locations or separate prisons altogether .
It was in fact the same river which Hume and Hovell had crossed further upstream and named the Hume .
In 1812 , he was elected the first president of the newly-formed City Bank of New York , which later became Citibank , predecessor of today 's Citigroup .
The city 's official population was 704,776 as of the 2003 census .
The song , which was Spears 's first produced by Danja , peaked at number three on Billboard Hot 100 on October 3 , making it , at the time , her most successful single in the U.S. since her debut , '' ... Baby One More Time '' .
How the discovery of geologic time changed our view of the world , Bristol University In 1977 , the Global Commission on Stratigraphy ( now the International Commission on Stratigraphy ) started an effort to define global references ( Global Boundary Stratotype Sections and Points ) for geologic periods and faunal stages .
Rangel 's photography career began during the early 1940s by developing pictures in a private studio .
Allan Kardec is the pen name of the French teacher and educator Hippolyte Léon Denizard Rivail ( Lyon , October 3 , 1804 -- Paris , March 31 , 1869 ) .
Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Format The Masters is the first acknowledged major golf championship of the year , and since 1940 has been played so that the final round is always on the second Sunday of April .
Caleb driving away the sons of Anak from Hebron ( and ) as mentioned in Joshua ( )
Before visiting Greece , he had been to Antioch , Joppa and Jerusalem , and to the banks of the River Jordan .
John Ogden Whedon ( November 5 , 1905 -- November 21 , 1991 ) was an American screenwriter .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1987/1988 season was contested by 18 teams .
The straight 5 engine shows first and second order rocking motion .
-- )
Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart ( born September 13 , 1977 ) is an American singer-songwriter .
Czech and Slovak
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
Saint-Cyr-en-Pail is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
After a seizure , it is typical for a person to be exhausted and confused .
In 1977 , he graduated from Harvard University with a bachelor 's degree in mathematics and economics .
Tin bronze was superior over arsenic bronze in that the alloying process itself could more easily be controlled ( as tin was available as a metal ) and the alloy was stronger and easier to cast .
Shakespeare in Love won seven Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actress ( for Gwyneth Paltrow ) , and Best Supporting Actress ( for Judi Dench ) .
Evolutionary biologists criticize how the term is used by non-scientists and the connotations that have grown around the term in popular culture .
Because fronts are three-dimensional phenomena , frontal shear can be observed at any altitude between surface and tropopause , and therefore be seen both horizontally and vertically .
The Old Church Slavonic is recognized as the fourth liturgical language , besides Latin , Greek and Hebrew .
In number theory and algebraic number theory , the Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic ( or Unique-Prime-Factorization Theorem ) states that any integer greater than 1 can be written as a unique product ( up to ordering of the factors ) of prime numbers .
It is also the location of many social and cultural institutions of national significance , such as the Australian War Memorial , National Gallery of Australia , National Museum of Australia and the National Library of Australia .
Anna Maria Thelott , ( 1683-1710 ) was a Swedish artist , and one of the first self-supporting and professional female artists in Scandinavia .
Some envelopes are available for full size documents . The Postal Service and Express mail carriers have large mailing envelopes for their express services .
As its name suggests , the English language , today spoken by hundreds of millions of people around the world , originated as the language of England , where it remains the principal tongue today , although not officially designated as such .
UNICEF is present in 190 countries and territories around the world .
Notions of security In their foundational paper , Goldwasser , Micali , and Rivest lay out a hierarchy of attack models against digital signatures : In a key-only attack , the attacker is only given the public verification key .
James Benjamin Peake ( born June 18 , 1944 ) is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
Causal factors of child sex offenders are not known conclusively . The experience of sexual abuse as a child was previously thought to be a strong risk factor , but research does not show a causal relationship , as the vast majority of sexually abused children do not grow up to be adult offenders , nor do the majority of adult offenders report childhood sexual abuse .
Shortly thereafter , a superior technique was discovered : two wooden halves were carved , a graphite stick inserted , and the two halves then glued together- essentially the same method in use to this day .
He took office following the resignation of Dr Geoff Gallop .
Satoshi Tezuka ( born September 4 , 1958 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
It slowly organized , and on August 11 was recognized as Tropical Depression Ten-E south-southeast of Acapulco , Mexico .
The agreement came into force on 16 February 2005 following ratification by Russia on 18 November 2004 .
It is threatened by habitat lossBirdLife International .
Several of the original early 1970s hard rock Southern rock groups are still performing in 2010 . This list includes Marshall Tucker , Molly Hatchet , Outlaws , Gregg Allman , Allman Brothers Band , Lynyrd Skynyrd , ZZ Top , Black Oak Arkansas , Blackfoot , .38 Special and Dickey Betts .
Water is the product of its vapor condensation- condensation is the process of such phase conversion .
In the final months of his U.S. Senate term in 2002 , Thompson joined the cast of the long-running NBC television series Law & Order , playing New York City District Attorney Arthur Branch , until the network granted his request to be released from his contract in May 2007 .
Though a relatively new city , it has a long history as a trade port and today is one of the most important German ports , playing a crucial role in Germany 's trade .
Helped by heavy rotation and usage in promotions , the song thrust the band into massive popularity .
In histology , adipose tissue or body fat or fat depot or just fat is loose connective tissue composed of adipocytes .
In 1818 , she left Sweden with her husband and travelled to Italy , were she made a huge success in Rossini '' s La Cenerentola in Turin .
City statuses were later revised based on the results of the 2001 Census of India .
The stadium , which in Australia is sometimes referred to simply as the '' Olympic Stadium '' , was completed in March 1999 at a cost of A$ 690 million to host the 2000 Summer Olympics .
The Province of Grosseto is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
At this point , the island has become an atoll .
They had one daughter , Marie-Elisabeth ( 27 October 1572 -- 9 April 1578 ) .
Haenfler , Ross (/O2006/O) .
With a surface area of , Romania is the largest country in southeastern Europe and the twelfth-largest in Europe .
Gentoo ( file manager ) , a free file manager for Linux and other Unix-like systems
It stars Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles as the protagonists while Shreyas Talpade , Arjun Rampal , and Kirron Kher feature in supporting roles .
In 2002 , Powell 's was cited by USA Today as one of America 's 10 best bookstoresUSA Today , January 21 , 2002 .
Ministry of Trade and Industry ( MTI )
Melba is a city in Canyon County , Idaho , United States .
Streets were designated '' North '' or '' South '' if they crossed King Street or Highway 8 .
Central Japan Railway Company
The total Swiss population change in 2008 ( from all sources ) was a decrease of 26 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 24 people .
Some define capitalism as where all the means of production are privately owned , and some define it more loosely where merely '' most '' are in private hands -- while others refer to the latter as a mixed economy based toward capitalism .
Another major flaw of the controllers was that the design did not translate into a linear acceleration from the center through the arc of the stick travel .
Buxton -- in pictures , BBC Radio Derby , accessed July 2009 Located close to the county boundary with Cheshire to the west and Staffordshire to the south , Buxton is described as '' the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' .
The couple have four children , daughters Jordan ( b. 10 May 1989 ) and Memphis Eve ( b. 7 July 1991 ) , and sons Elijah Bob Patricius Guggi Q ( b. 18 August 1999 ) and John Abraham ( b. 21 May 2001 ) ; IMDB .
The club , formed on 29 May 1897 , is currently playing in the second tier of Swedish football , Superettan .
South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa , with a long coastline that stretches more than abbr = on 2 and along two oceans ( the South Atlantic and the Indian ) .
On April 10 , 1919 , a protest was held at the residence of the Deputy Commissioner of Amritsar , a city in Punjab , a large province in the northwestern part of the then unpartitioned India .
There are also alternative sports , including football , cross country , swimming , golf , tennis , squash , rowing , sailing , rugby fives , Fives and rounders .
Mail , Hotmail , and AOL Mail ; Brownlow , Mark '' Email and webmail statistics '' , Email Marketing Reports , January , 2009 but there are many internet service providers which provide webmail services as part of their internet service package .
Former member Chris Faller left the band in October 2008 .
A 21 man Battle Royal was held during the show , to crown the first ever FCW Southern Heavyweight Champion .
Flaujagues is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In 2008 , Linus Torvalds , author of the Linux kernel , stated that he used Fedora because it had fairly good support for the PowerPC processor architecture , which he favored at the time .
Cigarettes and Valentines was an unreleased studio album from punk rock band Green Day that would have been the proper follow-up to 2000 's Warning .
A given name is a personal name that specifies and differentiates between members of a group of individuals , especially in a family , all of whose members usually share the same family name ( surname ) .
Taking place in and around the fictional N. Sanity Island , Crash Bandicoot 2 follows the adventures of the anthropomorphic bandicoot Crash .
, 350,400 people had been evacuated and resettled from the most severely contaminated areas of Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine .
Louris returned and the sum of the collected demos from 1986-1989 were brought together to create Blue Earth , released on the Minneapolis label Twin Tone in 1989 .
The Polynesian Rat originates in Southeast Asia but , like its cousins , has become well traveled - infiltrating Fiji and most Polynesian islands , including New Zealand , Easter Island and Hawaii .
One technique for this is to make a whirling sphere of air and ride on it , which Aang calls the Air Scooter .
Kiyoko Arai
is an American author , best known for his technically detailed espionage , military science and techno thriller storylines set during and in the aftermath of the Cold War , and several MTV videos and UFOs along with video games which he did not work on , but which bear his name for licensing and promotional purposes .
Constitution of Danzig Matull , '' Ostdeutschlands Arbeiterbewegung '' , page 419 The political parties in the Free City corresponded with the political parties in Weimar Germany ; the most influential parties in the 1920s were the conservative German National People 's Party , the Social Democratic Party of the Free City of Danzig and the Catholic Centre Party .
Pablo Mastroeni ( born August 29 , 1976 in Mendoza ) is an Argentine-born American soccer player who currently plays for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer , and for the United States national soccer team .
Ten delegates , among them Louis Haefliger ( Mauthausen Camp ) , Paul Dunant ( Theresienstadt Camp ) and Victor Maurer ( Dachau Camp ) , accepted the assignment and visited the camps .
This practice only achieves lucid dreams as a secondary effect -- in contrast to Dream Yoga , which aims primarily at lucid dreaming .
She is the 2008 Olympic women 's balance beam gold medalist , the individual all-around silver medalist , '' The Official Website of the Beijing Olympic Games '' Beijing2008 .
The use of complementary colors is an important aspect of aesthetically pleasing art and graphic design .
These areas in Siberia were very sparsely populated .
From the French it was adopted into English as a near synonym for '' blue '' .
La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
With a 2010 estimated population of 18,801,310 by the United States Census Bureau , it is the fourth most populous state in the country .
They are a member of the Russell Group , Universitas 21 , the Association of Commonwealth Universities , and the European University Association .
Wildcat : the F4F in World War II .
The moon was given the provisory designation S\/1993 (/O243/O) 1 and later named (/O243/O) Ida I Dactyl .
Tropical Depression Five-C formed on December 2 , two days after the season ended .
Dillingham has no roads from the Alaska Highway , therefore the only way to reach Dillingham is by plane or sea .
Along the line to Fleetwood , between Rossall and Broadwater a more direct line was built in 1925 .
During World War I Fiedler was a front-line soldier in France .
Cox , Michael , editor , The Concise Oxford Chronology of English Literature , '' 1808 '' , p 289 , Oxford University Press , 2004 , ISBN 0-19-860634-6 Today it is best known as the hymn '' Jerusalem '' , with music written by Sir Hubert Parry in 1916 .
His work focused on the conductivities of electrolytes .
Nevada Solar One is a new solar thermal plant with a 64 MW generating capacity , located near Boulder City , NV.Utility-Scale Solar Plant Goes Online in Nevada Environment News Service , June 4 , 2007 .
They occur at depths ranging to about 400 metres , but mainly between 0 to 70 metres .
Original Section Finsbury Park , opened December 15 , 1906 .
Until the decline of the British music hall tradition by the late 1950s , many popular artists played in pantomimes across the country .
Only children below the age of 12 , senior citizens 65 years or older are eligible for the concessionary rate on all lines . Full-time Hong Kong students between the ages of 12 and 25 qualify for the concessionary rate on all lines except on Airport Express .
Kan ` ami and his son Zeami brought Noh to its present-day form during the Muromachi period under the patronage of the powerful Ashikaga clan .
Bow ( weapon ) ( pronounced ) , an archery weapon that uses elasticity to propel arrows
The Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Albania ( ) is one of the newest autocephalous Eastern Orthodox churches .
Populated by nearly 600,000 people , the valley is part of the 14th largest metropolitan area in the United States , the Inland Empire .
Evil Genius is a novel written by Catherine Jinks and published in 2005 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
Khanpur ( ) is a city and Tehsil of the Rahim Yar Khan District , in the Punjab state of Pakistan .
Language Sindhi is the main language but Siraiki , a dialect of Sindhi is also spoken , which is similar to the Sindhi language .
This feature of objective accounts means that disputes can be contained to the object studied . ''
Nomination for Grand Prix des Amériques Dunia 2005 .
Clarksville ( also known as Clarksville Junction ) is a small township located three kilometres southwest of Milton in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Servaas '' Faas '' Wilkes ( October 13 , 1923 & ndash ; August 15 , 2006 ) was a Dutch football forward , who earned a total of 38 caps for the Dutch nation team , in which he scored 35 goals ( average 0.92 goals per game ) .
Refusing to accept defeat , Xemnas separates Sora and Riku from the others to face them in a final battle that ends with his demise . Though initially trapped in Xemnas ' realm , Sora and Riku are able to return to their world after reading a letter from Kairi that reveals the door to light .
December July 9 The naval settlement of Halifax , Nova Scotia is founded as the British answer to Louisbourg .
This college , now Auburn University , opened its doors in 1859 , offering a classical and liberal education .
Mother country is a reference to the metropolitan state from the point of view of citizens who live in its colony .
A paraphilia is a condition involving sex fetishes where a person 's sexual arousal and gratification depend on fantasizing about , and engaging in , sexual behavior that is atypical and extreme .
The answering machine or message machine , also known as the sales person 's nightmare ( telephone answering machine ( or TAM ) in the UK and some Commonwealth countries ) and previously known as an ansaphone , ansafone , or telephone answering device ( TAD ) is a device for answering telephones and recording callers ' messages .
A Pastors ' College was founded in 1857 by Spurgeon and was renamed Spurgeon 's College in 1923 , when it moved to its present building in South Norwood Hill , London ; .
The floods damaged some of Brisbane 's icons .
When Harry was a little over a year old , his parents were murdered by the powerful Dark Wizard , Lord Voldemort ; however , Harry survived Voldemort 's Killing Curse , which rebounded and ripped Voldemort 's soul from his body .
DeVry University , Phoenix
Mr. Game & Watch is the mascot of the Game & Watch series , following his appearance in the 2001 video game Super Smash Bros. .
Therefore , meiosis includes the stages of meiosis I ( prophase I , metaphase I , anaphase I , telophase I ) , and meiosis II ( prophase II , metaphase II , anaphase II , telophase II ) .
Commercial and industrial energy expenditures are determined by businesses entities and other facility managers .
A plaque in the monument at the site , set up after independence , says that 120 bodies were plucked out of the well .
Loreto is Peru 's northernmost region .
Goicea is a commune in Dolj County , Oltenia , Romania .
La Rocque is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The temperate basses , such as the striped bass ( Morone saxatilis ) and white bass ( M. chrysops ) , belonging to the family Moronidae .
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Vasco da Gama 's Wilson Tadei .
Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge and Herbert Hoover were resoundingly elected in 1920 , 1924 , and 1928 respectively .
Rage are a German heavy metal band , formed in 1984 .
Poncé-sur-le-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The flowers are produced in clusters of 9 -- 15 together , each flower about 1 cm diameter with a ring of numerous white stamens .
It has a handling capacity of 15-17 million passengers per year , compared with the capacity of Hanoi - Noi Bai airport of 8 million passengers and Da Nang 's 2 million passengers ) .
Open proxy blocks Wikipedia policy on open proxies is clear : editing through them is blocked indefinitely without exception once identified .
In March 2005 , their Greatest Hits compilation was released and it was announced that they were separating to pursue solo careers .
It contained a documentary of the careers of the band members , as well as live performance videos and making-of clips .
This set includes most of the bonus features from the original DVD and adds an audio commentary , a 2-hour making-of documentary , more deleted scenes including the original climax with the plane hijacking , a number of behind-the-scenes featurettes , and some games .
He was educated at Liverpool College .
Having an amphibious configuration also allowed the G-21 to go just about anywhere , and plans were made to market it as an amphibian airliner .
The building has a mosque built around it , the Masjid al-Haram . All Muslims around the world face the Kaaba during prayers , no matter where they are .
The show contained elements and songs from both the original movie and its sequel , High School Musical 2 and now features a special preview of High School Musical 3 : Senior Year .
In the early morning hours of December 11 , 1974 , government troops stormed the campus , killed some of the students guarding the makeshift mausoleum , removed U Thant 's coffin , and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda , where it has continued to lie .
Swilland has a church called St Mary .
It can be made of metal , plastic , ceramic or glass .
This article is about the band , for the big cats see White lion .
This force balance is called the hydrostatic balance .
Esperanto has native speakers , that is , people who learned Esperanto from their parents as one of their native languages .
He was born in Balkh .
Gustav has killed 85 people in Haiti , the Dominican Republic , and Jamaica , while 7 are still missing in Haiti .
In scholarship , a secondary sourcePrimary , Secondary and Tertiary Sources , UM LibrariesJCU - Primary , Secondary & Tertiary Sources is a document or recording that relates or discusses information originally presented elsewhere .
More than 60 % of the world 's lakes are in Canada ; this is because of the deranged drainage system that dominates the country .
Mainframes ( often colloquially referred to as Big Iron ) are computers used mainly by large organizations for critical applications , typically bulk data processing such as census , industry and consumer statistics , ERP , and financial transaction processing .
It participates in the NCAA 's Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ; still frequently referred to by its former designation of Division I-AA ) as a football-only conference .
The album has sold over 6,000,000 copies worldwide , making it Ozzy 's best-selling album to date .
Hurricane Eugene was the first Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico in July since at least the 1949 season and caused the all of the season 's three deaths .
Transportation Bishan is connected to the rest of Singapore via the Central Expressway .
It was discovered in 1915 by Robert Innes , the Director of the Union Observatory in South Africa .
The time signature ( also known as meter signature ) is a notational convention used in Western musical notation to specify how many beats are in each measure and which note value constitutes one beat .
Ryes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
From 1515 to 1523 , the Habsburg government in the Netherlands also had to contend with the Frisian peasant rebellion , led first by Pier Gerlofs Donia and then by his nephew Wijerd Jelckama .
Cadaujac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Notable designers are Art Harrison ( Art 's Theremin Page ) and Mark Keppinger .
The Dasypodidae are the only surviving family in the order Cingulata , part of the superorder Xenarthra along with the anteaters and sloths .
Road cycling For road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three routes .
Last visited August 8 , 2007 .
The party was left with no seats whatsoever in Scotland or Wales , largely atrributed to the party 's uncompromising position on devoloution , and many key Conservative politicians , including Defense Secretary Michael Portillo , Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind , Trade Secretary Ian Lang , Scottish Secretary Michael Forsyth and former ministers Edwina Currie , Norman Lamont , David Mellor and Neil Hamilton all lost their parliamentary seats .
Thermodynamics concerns the physics of heat , work , temperature , energy , and entropy .
A mid - to lower-level circulation developed within the system as it tracked generally north-northwestward , and based on surface and satellite observations , it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Seven at 1200 UTC on July 25 about 60 miles ( 95 km ) east of Daytona Beach , Florida .
Beginning at the western end of the San Fernando Valley the river runs to the north of the mountains . After passing between the range and the Verdugo Mountains it flows south around Elysian Park defining the easternmost extent of the mountains .
From the commercial perspective , the most important wax is Carnauba wax , a hard wax obtained from the Brazilian palm .
Charles '' Lucky '' Luciano ( born Salvatore Lucania ; November 24 , 1897 -- January 26 , 1962 ) was a Sicilian-born American mobster .
Founded in 1991 , the team plays in the USL Second Division ( USL-2 ) , the third tier of the American Soccer Pyramid .
Wombats dig extensive burrow systems with rodent-like front teeth and powerful claws .
Other creeds Other notable creeds include the : Athanasian Creed Chalcedonian Creed Social Creed ( Methodist ) Masai Creed Bodhisattva vows ( Buddhism ) See also American 's Creed Articles of Faith Book of Concord Pledge of Allegiance Thirty-Nine Articles Westminster Confession of Faith Further reading Creeds and Confessions of Faith in the Christian Tradition .
Breadalbane is also located nearby to the start of the Federal Highway which branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and heads directly towards Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory , and the capital city of Australia where the Commonwealth Federal Parliament sits .
He has worked on numerous side projects during his career , including a collaboration with Michael Stipe and Mike Mills of R.E.M. to form Automatic Baby in 1993 and working with bandmate Adam Clayton on the re-recording of the theme to Mission : Impossible , in 1996 .
Lovins has briefed 19 heads of state , provided expert testimony in eight countries and more than 20 states , and published 29 books and several hundred papers .
In a Supply chain management flow , the finished goods of a supplier can constitute the raw material of a buyer .
The standard passport format includes the name of the issuing country on a passport cover , a national symbol , a description of the document ( e.g. , passport , official passport , diplomatic passport ) , and - if the passport is biometric - the biometric passport symbol .
At that point , the Zone abandoned support of most CD-ROM games , including Age of Empires and Age of Empires II : The Age of Kings .
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
Dehault is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
William Jonathan Drayton Jr. ( born March 16 , 1959 ) , better known by his stage name Flavor Flav , is an American rapper , television star , and member of the rap group Public Enemy .
Cockroaches are insects of the order Blattaria .
The two reconciled soon after , and said they '' grew to better understand each other and realized that they both needed each other .
The CN Tower has been and continues to be used as a communications tower for a number of different media and by numerous companies .
Gold was discovered at Mount McDonald in the 1880s .
January 14 & ndash ; The Casablanca Conference , where Franklin D. Roosevelt becomes the first President of the United States to travel by airplane while in office ( Miami , Florida to Morocco to meet with Winston Churchill to discuss World War II ) .
Andrea Barzagli , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , ( born 8 May 1981 in Fiesole ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Juventus .
It was released on September 20 , 2008 .
March 23 & ndash ; The Peace of Longjumeau ends the Second War of Religion in France .
Historically , Dubai and its twin across the Dubai creek , Deira ( independent of Dubai City at that time ) , were important ports of call for Western manufacturers .
Concessionary fares are usually half the adult fare , and range from HK$ 1.40 to $ 23.80 .
The fifth perfect number ( ) has 8 digits , thus refuting the first assumption .
The stadium has been used by England youth teams on a number of occasions , the first on 24 November 1971 , saw the England U23 team draw 1 -- 1 with Switzerland .
Feinberg , L. (/O1997/O) Transgender Warriors : Making History from Joan of Arc to Dennis Rodman , published by Beacon Press ISBN 0-8070-7941-3 , ISBN 0-8070-7941-3 .
Something Awful is a really bad comedy website and forums .
Jensen played 62 games for the Danish national team between 1998 and 2008 , representing Denmark at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and 2004 European Championship .
Organized suicide attacks by the '' Special Attack Force '' began on 25 October during the closing phase of the Battle off Samar , causing the destruction of the escort carrier USS St. Lo .
He worked as a weaver 's apprentice and , later , for a tailor .
Up to the 20th century Nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .
Arthur C. Aufderheide , The Scientific Study of Mummies , Cambridge University Press 2003 , p. 258f The heart was left in place because it was thought to be the home of the soul .
She has been a member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2002 , and was President of the Confederation in 2007 .
He is buried in Camnago Volta .
Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album , fifth international release and last Maverick Records release by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette .
Modern apples are generally sweeter than older cultivars , as popular tastes in apples have varied over time .
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In biology , morphology is a branch of bioscience dealing with the study of the form and structure of organisms and their specific structural features .
It takes precedence over all other orders , decorations and medals .
He made many contributions to the science of photography , and investigated color blindness and the chemical power of ultraviolet rays .
It forms the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate .
The Egyptian Fatimid Empire under Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah sends the sea captain Domiyat on a tributary mission to Emperor Zhenzong of the Song Dynasty , in order to reestablish trade relations between Egypt and China .
Reports suggested that up to 5,000 people were involved in the riot .
Since the 1990s , as urban contemporary hits have dominated the US pop charts , many adult contemporary stations have turned to playing some tracks popular on urban contemporary radio stations .
Saint-R émy - du-Val is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
What textual tests do is give people an idea about the density of their writing .
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free state '' round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .
After a few times Eli told Samuel that the voice was God 's , and instructed Samuel on how to respond . Once Samuel responded God told him that the wickedness of the sons of Eli had resulted in their dynasty being condemned to destruction .
The Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia located within the Lesser Sunda Islands in the border region between the provinces of East Nusa Tenggara and West Nusa Tenggara .
How to Read Egyptian Hieroglyphs : 2nd Edition .
Subversion refers to an attempt to transform the established social order , its structures of power , authority , exploitation , servitude , and hierarchy ; examples of such structures include the state .
It is said that actors can approach either brother with a question and get the same answer .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
If the sieved matcha is to be served at a Japanese tea ceremony , then it will be placed into a small tea caddy known as a chaki .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
Werner Eduard Fritz von Blomberg ( 2 September 1878 -- 14 March 1946 ) was a leading member of the German Army until January 1938 .
is a surjection from the countable set to the set and the Corollary implies is countable .
It hunts at night ( but in colder seasons also in the daytime ) for rodents and hares ; rarely it attacks animals larger than itself , such as gazelles , small antelopes , or young ostriches .
Bart returns home eventually and climbs to the roof of the Simpson family 's house , where he hears Lisa sobbing .
The fortification is located on Bradleys Head Road , Mosman , Australia .
Her cousin Antoinette de Maignelais took her place as mistress to the king after her death .
Nauroy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Boris Vadimovich Berezovsky ( ; born January 4 , 1969 , in Moscow ) is a Russian virtuoso pianist .
There are a few chipsets that support two types of RAM ( generally these are available when there is a shift to a new standard ) .
We demand land and territory ( colonies ) for the sustenance of our people , and colonization for our surplus population .
He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German Vanity Fair magazine , which included a several page spread about the cub 's life .
Because of poor health , he spent his last years in the Military Medical Academy in Belgrade , while his duties were carried out by Metropolitan Amfilohije .
Kyle Merritt MacLachlan ( born February 22 , 1959 ) is an American actor .
Spectroscopic studies have shown , however , evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
The Midwestern United States ( in the U.S. generally referred to as the Midwest ) is one of the four geographic regions within the United States of America used by the United States Census Bureau in its reporting .
Baylor University is a private , Baptist-affiliated research university located in Waco , Texas , United States .
Les Epesses is a commune of the Vendée département , in France .
Between 1957 and 1973 , and in 2004 and 2010 , U.S. military research rockets were launched from San Nicolas Island .
Since light reflects from the grain boundaries ( boundaries between crystallites ) , larger crystals tend to be transparent , while polycrystalline aggregates look like white powders .
In September 2006 , Peking Union Medical College was renamed to Peking Union Medical College , Tsinghua University , although the Peking Union Medical College , Tsinghua University and Tsinghua University remain two separate institutions .
Serial numbers also help track down counterfeit currency , because in some countries , each banknote has a unique serial number .
These bonds can occur between molecules ( intermolecularly ) , or within different parts of a single molecule ( intramolecularly ) .
Slackware is a free and open source operating system .
Stacy Ann Ferguson ( born March 27 , 1975 ) , better known by her stage name Fergie , is an American singer-songwriter , fashion designer and actress .
The 2006 estimated population of 361,420 made it the 51st largest city in the country and the most populous city in Kansas .
A small strip of tropical rainforest runs down the coast .
There is a pronounced crest on the head , a crown of feathers , which may be raised or lowered according to the bird 's mood .
First , the WCW World Heavyweight Championship ( simply renamed the World Championship ) was unified with the WWF Championship to form the WWF Undisputed Championship .
Sainte-Ode is a municipality of Belgium .
He would go on to score a total of eight goals in the 2004 Clausura , and was named best young player of the season .
Halophiles can be found anywhere with a concentration of salt five times greater than the salt concentration of the ocean , such as the Great Salt Lake in Utah , Owens Lake in California , the Dead Sea , and in evaporation ponds .
Irregularly shaped and reddish in color , it is thought to consist of porous water ice with unknown amounts of other materials .
RPG Maker VX ( also referred to as RMVX ) is the latest RPG Maker version released by Enterbrain .
This single also helped Selena gain acceptance in Mexico and tour all over the country .
While this means the animal is not capable of changing its skin colour in the dramatic fashion of shallow-dwelling cephalopods , such trickery is not needed at the pitch-black depths in which it lives .
The national flag of the United States of America ( the '' American flag '' ) consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the '' union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .
In 1986 , the Berkley Publishing Group reintroduced her work to a new generation of fans with the publication of an original paperback , The Cat Who Saw Red .
This animated show is aimed at people seven and older and is designed to teach about the expansive English language and its vocabulary .
Perth was founded on 12 June 1829 by Captain James Stirling as the political centre of the free settler Swan River Colony .
No names were retired , so it was used again in the 1992 season . This is the same list used for the 1980 season except for Andrew , which replaced Allen .
The first Sonic game was released on June 23 , 1991 , in order to provide Sega with a mascot to rival Nintendo 's flagship character Mario ( see 1991 in video gaming ) .
Released nineteen years after the previous film , the film acknowledges its star Harrison Ford 's age by setting itself in 1957 . It pays tribute to the science fiction B-movies of the era , pitting Indiana Jones against Soviet agents- led by Irina Spalko ( Cate Blanchett ) -- for a psychic alien crystal skull .
at :2007 text : Sonic and the Secret Rings
It was formerly also spelled Pelew .
A recognition signal is also a chemical signal used in biology to signal the end of a section of DNA or RNA during gene duplication in cells .
In PROMS , all bits are usually 1 until they are burned to a 0 , after which they can not be restored to 1 .
Psi ( Greek ) ( , ) a letter of the Greek alphabet
Jackson , P. (/O2002/O) .
Karapet Parisyan ( ; born August 28 , 1982 ) is an Armenian-American mixed martial artist .
Christopher Marlowe ( baptised 26 February 1564 ; died 30 May 1593 ) was an English dramatist , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
This is a list of some of the forests in the United Kingdom .
The Opéra-Comique staged the first performances of such important French works as Berlioz 's The Damnation of Faust on 6 December 1846 , Bizet 's Carmen on 3 March 1875 , and Debussy 's Pelléas et Mélisande on 30 April 1902 .
Moraines can be classified either by their origin or shape . The first approach is suitable for moraines associated to contemporary glaciers but more difficult to apply to old moraines whose glaciers have disappeared long ago .
Jane 's Addiction is an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1985 .
Monotremata , divided into families Kollikodontidae , Ornithorhynchidae ( platypus ) , Steropodontidae and Tachyglossidae ( echidnas ) and the genus Kryoryctes ;
Information technology committee The IT Committee in the school is made up of two IT technicians and some professional IT teachers .
However , Wiccans have encountered hostility from some politicians and Christian organizations , including former president of the United States George W. Bush , who stated that he did not believe Wicca to be a religion . According to the history of Wicca given by Gerald Gardner , Wicca is a survival of the European witch-cult that was persecuted during the witch trials .
Since then it has been the location of a number of firsts in the field of stadium design , notably becoming one of the first all-seater stadia in the United Kingdom .
John Michael Todd Crichton was born on February 12 , 2009 .
On May 6 , 2008 , team founder and principal Aguri Suzuki announced that they are to withdraw from the 2008 FIA Formula One World Championship with immediate effect due to financial problems , citing the breach of contract by the promised partner SS United Group Oil & Gas Company resulting in the loss of financial backing as putting the team into financial difficulties .
'' The Bush '' also refers to any populated region outside of the major metropolitan areas , including mining and agricultural areas .
Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform combined Kreuzberg with Friedrichshain to form the new borough of Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg .
Keane finished the season with a total of 22 goals in all competitions -- the highest ever season tally of his career -- scoring 15 goals in his last 15 appearances of the season .
It was said that his Trespass royalty cheque had gone unclaimed , and there was speculation that he was dead or missing .
The process that continually adds new material to the ocean floor is seafloor spreading and the continental slope .
Chess is a two-player board game played on a chessboard , a square-checkered board with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid .
Those who broke the rules by crossing the border into the territory before it was allowed were said to have been crossing the border sooner , leading to the term sooners , which eventually became the state 's official nickname .
Peanuts are known by many other local names , like earthnuts , ground nuts , goober peas , monkey nuts , pygmy nuts and pig nuts .
A similar position , called either '' Secretary at War '' or '' Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
Mid 1800s During the 19th century large areas were successively separated to form the British colonies of Tasmania ( proclaimed as a separate colony named Van Diemen 's Land in 1825 ) , South Australia ( 1836 ) , Victoria ( 1851 ) and Queensland ( 1859 ) .
Although Austin has a soft spot for her , she is married to another man .
The Convention People 's Party ( CPP ) is a socialist political party in Ghana , based on the ideas of former President Kwame Nkrumah .
In accordance with the private way in which Crichton lived his life , his battle with throat cancer was not made public until his death . According to Crichton 's brother Douglas , Crichton was diagnosed with lymphoma in early 2008 .
Adam Robert Lucas ( 2005 ) , '' Industrial Milling in the Ancient and Medieval Worlds : A Survey of the Evidence for an Industrial Revolution in Medieval Europe '' , Technology and Culture 46 ( 1 ) , p. 1-30 [ 11 ] .
The initial commitments were converted into firm orders during 1979 and , with orders and options from four other airlines , the A310 order book stood at 58 by the end of 1979 with option on further 59 .
Although Alfas won four of the European races , with Fangio taking the championship , Ferrari 's three victories spelled the end for the Alfas .
In addition , weathering is the effect of atmospheric exposure to man-made structures and materials .
The Linnean Society of London aims to promote the study of all aspects of the biological sciences , with particular emphasis on evolution , taxonomy , biodiversity and sustainability .
It has been claimed as the title of rulers in Muslim countries and empires and is still used for some Muslim leaders .
Inhabitants of South India are referred to as South Indians .
Of the original teams , two are still playing in the league today ( Clachnacuddin and Forres Mechanics ) , and two merged to become current Scottish Football League club Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
He became a resident at the Troubadour Folk Club in Earls Court in the early 1960s .
For the 2010 feature documentary directed by Stefan Jarl , see Submission ( 2010 film ) .
It was one of Canadian comedian John Candy 's early breakthrough film appearances .
David Andrew Seaman MBE ( born 19 September 1963 in Rotherham , South Yorkshire ) is a former English football goalkeeper who played for several clubs , most notably Arsenal .
He is Angel 's father , and wants to rid his son of his mutant abilities .
It can signify this activity as a whole , or specific activities , or organizations within a church dedicated to specific activities .
Cachoeira do Sul is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
It is located in the Ulus quarter of the city .
Kubuntu 's package manager has a category view very similar to that of the Ubuntu software center , the default web browser is now based on webkit , and many more features showcased in Ubuntu are being matched by those in Kubuntu , such as the upcoming wireless connection page in the installer discs . Kubuntu 's website also received a welcomed redesign .
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens , but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation , for example gamma rays and alpha particles , which they emit .
The Battle of Xiangyang , a 6-year battle between the Chinese Song Dynasty and the Mongol forces of Kublai Khan , begins in what is today Hubei .
Each segment bears a pair of paddle-like and highly vascularized parapodia , which are used for movement and , in many species , act as the worm 's primary respiratory surfaces .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Minnesota Timberwolves .
Amir felt that life would be easier if Hassan was not around , so he planted a watch and some money from his birthday party under Hassan 's mattress in hopes that Baba would force him to leave ; Hassan falsely confesses when confronted by Baba about the watch and the money .
Allosaurus was used as the starring dinosaur of the 1956 film The Beast of Hollow Mountain , and the 1969 film The Valley of Gwangi , two genre combinations of living dinosaurs with Westerns .
Urban area is 55.58 km , urban population is 68,165 .
In chemistry , paraffin is a term that can be used synonymously with '' alkane '' , indicating hydrocarbons with the general formula CnH2n +2 .
Woodward is a city in and the county seat of Woodward County , Oklahoma , United States .
Jules Joseph Lefebvre ( Tournan-en-Brie , Seine-et-Marne , 14 March 1836 - Paris , 24 February 1911 ) was a French figure painter .
It starred Michael Caton , Anne Tenney , Stephen Curry , and Charles ` Bud ' Tingwell .
Females are smaller than males and are blue-grey with a brown tinge , pale grey below , although arid zone females are coloured more like males .
On 1 January 2009 Altdorf , SH , Bibern , SH , Hofen , SH , Opfertshofen merged into Thayngen .
There are 52 species divided among two orders , the Acipenseriformes ( sturgeons and paddlefishes ) and the Polypteriformes ( reedfishes and bichirs ) .
Laffaux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Polyethylene terephthalate ( sometimes written poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) ) , commonly abbreviated PET , PETE , or the obsolete PETP or PET-P ) , is a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family and is used in synthetic fibers ; beverage , food and other liquid containers ; thermoforming applications ; and engineering resins often in combination with glass fiber .
He died peacefully at a nursing home in Broadstairs , near his home on the Kent coast , on 8 December 2008 .
Nearly all recording tape is of this type , whether used for recording audio or video or for computer data storage .
Sergeant ( normally abbreviated to Sgt ) is a rank used in some form by most militaries , police forces , and other uniformed organizations around the world .
Germany After the Referendum of March 13 , 1938 Salzburg , as a component of Austria , was a part of Germany during the Anschluss and German troops were moved to the city .
September & ndash ; Battle of Pelagonia : The Empire of Nicaea defeats the Principality of Achaea , ensuring the eventual reconquest of Constantinople in 1261 .
Melville Island is a vast , uninhabited member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago with an area of 42149 k/O. It is the 33rd largest island in the world and Canada 's eighth largest island .
See also Fauna of Australia List of monotremes and marsupials References Cited references General references Augee , M and Gooden , B. 1993 .
This novel was based on Card 's short story '' Mikal 's Songbird '' .
Weill Recital Hall Weill Recital Hall , which seats 268 , is named for Sanford I. Weill , the chairman of Carnegie Hall 's board , and his wife , Joan .
Born in London , he was educated at Highgate School , where a fellow pupil was John Tavener .
Kazuki Hara ( Hara Kazuki , born January 5 , 1985 in Matsudo , Chiba , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer .
Also note Gilbert White ( 1859 -- 1932 ) , Bishop of Carpentaria , Australia and poet , and the American painter Gilbert White ( 1877 -- 1939 ) .
It establishes the emperor as a ceremonial figurehead under a form of constitutional monarchy .
Physical techniques used , include clinching , holding , locking , application of leverage and takedowns .
While there are several rules , such as those regarding not allowing shoes in the prayer hall , that are universal , there are many other rules that are dealt with and enforced in a variety of ways from mosque to mosque .
The featured match on the ECW brand was between Bobby Lashley and Test for the ECW World Championship , which Lashley won after Test was counted out .
Dejan Savi evi ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) ( born 15 September 1966 in Titograd , Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) , is a Montenegrin former football player and the current president of the Montenegro FA UEFA Magazine - Montenegro 's new dawn by Aleksandar Bo kovi .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
The second classification , chemical weathering , involves the direct effect of atmospheric chemicals or biologically produced chemicals ( also known as biological weathering ) in the breakdown of rocks , soils and minerals .
The Times-Picayune is a daily newspaper published in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA .
Etymology The word '' igneous '' is derived from the Latin ignis , meaning '' of fire '' .
Eynesse is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Edvard Hagerup Grieg ( 15 June 1843-4 September 1907 ) was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period .
The Soviet Union subsequently refused to acknowledge Lie as Secretary General and , having been accused by Joseph McCarthy of hiring '' disloyal '' Americans - an allegation that he attributed to the pressing need for civil servants following the establishment of the UN - Lie resigned on November 10 , 1952 .
The Muldentalkreis is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Alba appeared in two national television commercials for Nintendo and J.C. Penney as a child .
His first major venture , Fox 's Andy Richter Controls the Universe , was canceled after two mid-season runs .
By abandoning the original content 's name ( and perhaps its baggage as a forgotten product ) , the spiritual sequel can be appreciated by fresh eyes .
It follows on from Tehanu , the fourth novel , and the short story '' Dragonfly '' from the fifth book Tales from Earthsea .
Connecticut College
It is in Travelcard Zone 4 and is located in Arnos Grove , near Arnos Park on Bowes Road , London .
The average IQ scores for many populations have been rising at an average rate of three points per decade since the early 20th century , a phenomenon called the Flynn effect .
How much time it will take to prepare the dish
Since 1935 , both sides of the Great Seal appear on the reverse of the one-dollar bill .
Lebanon is a city in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States .
Subsequent observations of Neptune in the late 19th century caused astronomers to speculate that Uranus ' orbit was being disturbed by another planet besides Neptune .
Greek ( , or , ) , an independent branch of the Indo-European family of languages , is the language of the Greeks .
Fresnoy-le-Grand is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The works that have survived are in treatise form and were not , for the most part , intended for widespread publication , as they are generally thought to be lecture aids for his students .
Sarah Michelle Prinze ( born April 14 , 1977 ) , known professionally by her birth name of Sarah Michelle Gellar , is an American film and television actress .
An insult ( also called putdown ) is an expression , statement ( or sometimes behavior ) which is considered degrading and offensive .
The latter was inspired by George Harrison 's title track to All Things Must Pass , which was released in 1970 .
Martin Sheen is the only cast member to have won a Golden Globe , and he and Allison Janney are the only cast members to win a SAG award ( best actor and best actress , respectively ) .
In 1985 the South stands were razed to make room for the William C. Wardlaw Center , a modern field house and athletic office facility to replace the facilities in the old Heisman Gym , which was located just to the north of the stadium .
It is located near the longitudinal center of North America , at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers ( a point commonly known as The Forks ) .
The semi-major axis of S\/2007 S 1 is 17.9106 Gm and it orbits Saturn in 894.86 days .
Chinese R&B was pioneered by Alex To in the 90s , but has since been used as the major composition style for artists such as Jay Chou , David Tao , Khalil Fong and Leehom Wang .
My grandfather always wore a long black coat , black hat and long white beard .
Other notable acts of the time included Nazareth , Y&T , The Tubes , Styx , Supertramp , Rick Wakeman , The Ozark Mountain Daredevils , Squeeze , and Peter Frampton .
In an attempt to persuade Batista to challenge WWE Champion John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield rather than Triple H at WrestleMania , Triple H concocted a scheme to have Batista run over by a limousine resembling the one used by Layfield .
Caroline Unger ( October 28 , 1803 -- March 23 , 1877 ) was an Austrian contralto .
A pandemic ( from Greek pan '' all '' + demos '' people '' ) is an epidemic of infectious disease that is spreading through human populations across a large region ; for instance a continent , or even worldwide .
Eljanov has made steady progress up the FIDE world rankings , and on the September 2010 FIDE Elo rating list , Eljanov had a rating of 2761 , making him number 1 in Ukraine and number 6 in the world .
Because these venues often provided billiard tables , the term pool eventually became synonymous with billiards .
Yet before the duel could take place , Richard II instead decided to banish Henry from the kingdom ( with the approval of Henry 's father , John of Gaunt ) to avoid further bloodshed . Mowbray himself was exiled for life .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The crest of this mountain range forms the southern border of the district , which is also the German-Czech border .
The storm killed as many as 1,000 people in Haiti before striking the United States near the border between North and South Carolina , as a Category 4 hurricane .
Marilyn is responsible for thirteen deaths , most due to drowning on boats or offshore .
Denis Herron ( born June 18 , 1952 in Chambly , Quebec ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens , Kansas City Scouts , and Pittsburgh Penguins in the National Hockey League .
This caused discontent among the remaining 10 SPL clubs who subsequently announced their intention to resign from the league .
Gliadin and glutenin compose about 80 % of the protein contained in wheat seed .
Brach is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A cockpit or flight deck is the area , usually near the front of an aircraft , from which a pilot controls the aircraft .
Shenandoah -- Book by James Lee Barrett , Peter Udell , and Philip Rose , music by Gary Geld , lyrics by Peter Udell .
Arguing that Austen lacked the ability to construct a plot , he still celebrated her dramatisations : '' The reader 's pulse never throbs , his curiosity is never intense ; but his interest never wanes for a moment .
~ 35.3 cubic feet ( approximately )
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 The ailment manifests itself in the form of red blisters and is transmitted by touch from infected animals to humans .
Prior to making landfall , as many as 6,500 people evacuated from southern Louisiana , while offshore many oil workers were evacuated inland .
Aberrations tend to get worse as the aperture diameter increases , while the Airy circle is smallest for large apertures .
A graduated cylinder , also known as a measuring cylinder , is a piece of laboratory equipment used to accurately measure the volume of an object .
Coventry has been a part of Warwickshire for only some of its history .
First consider the impedance of the series LC circuit .
Short-lived psychosis triggered by stress is known as brief reactive psychosis , and patients may spontaneously recover normal functioning within two weeks . In some rare cases , individuals may remain in a state of full-blown psychosis for many years , or perhaps have attenuated psychotic symptoms ( such as low intensity hallucinations ) present at most times .
However , in 2003 , Phoenix dropped to second place with 1,253.71 per 100,000 ( behind Modesto , California ) , although total car thefts rose to 40,769 .
R.M. Urquhart , Scottish Burgh and county Heraldry , London , 1973 On November 12 , 1975 , the arms were regranted to Berwickshire District Council .
History The roots of the city can be traced back to Celtic Gaul , and are anchored in two feudal mounds , a Gallo-Roman site and a Carolingian one .
While the historical records and myths are written in a form of Chinese with a heavy admixture of Japanese elements , the songs are written with Chinese characters used to convey sounds only .
Gambon reprised the role of Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , which was released in November 2005 in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Hynobius amjiensis is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
Shock ( novel ) , a 2001 novel by Robin Cook
Prior to Gilligan 's Island , he played beatnik Maynard G. Krebs on the 1959-1963 TV series The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis .
W.A.S.P. 's fifth album , The Headless Children , was released on April 15 , 1989 and was their first album without any overtly sexually explicit songs included .
In 1951 , Joe DiMaggio saw a picture of Monroe with Chicago White Sox players Joe Dobson and Gus Zernial , but did not ask the man who arranged the stunt to set up a date until 1952 .
No official music video exists for the song , though the performance on her Live at Wembley DVD was frequently aired on BET .
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
A relatively large pavilion , part of the palace complex built for and by King Ramiro I.
The Liberal Democrats were formed on 2 March 1988 by merging the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party .
Burgess Hill Rugby Football Club , or The Sussex All Blacks , are the local Rugby Football club , playing their home games close to Southway Primary School .
Similarly , frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal gut and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player at will ( as is the case with the modern saz , which allows for the microtonal playing distinctive to Turkish and Central Asian music ) .
MTRCL have even made art part of the station architecture when building new stations or renovating existing ones .
In 1948 , the Soviets tried to force the Western Allies out of Berlin by imposing a land blockade on the western sectors : the Berlin Blockade .
Rensselaer County is in the eastern part of New York State .
Early life Martin Luther King , Jr. , was born on January 15 , 1929 , in Atlanta , Georgia .
Happy Rockefeller , widow of Nelson Rockefeller .
It is the largest in Scandinavia and the 17th largest in Europe .
He arrives in New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at level 600 of the Empire State Building , where Olympus is now located . Zeus accepts the master bolt and Percy returns to camp .
Orion , often referred to as The Hunter , is a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world .
This works by convection ; the heat is transferred from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant .
The Acanthomintha genus is commonly referred to as Thornmint .
Rasmussen has been a member of the Danish parliament ( Folketinget ) since 21 September 1994 .
Jazz is a 1978 album by Queen .
In other words , English literature is as diverse as the varieties and dialects of English spoken around the world .
BMW and Audi later unveiled ten-cylinder versions of their mid-range saloons ( the BMW 5-Series and Audi A6 families , respectively ) .
The City of Bradford is a local government district in West Yorkshire , England that is a metropolitan borough with the status of a city .
In 1991 , the General Motors factory closed down , leaving the station essentially isolated .
An alarm clock rings , beginning McCartney 's verse .
The last section has less gradient , and the river meanders before entering the Dead Sea , about 422 metres below sea level , which has no outlet .
It is the second-earliest known relative of the Platypus .
He normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .
Two most important decision-making bodies is Central Committee of Fatah and the Fatah Revolutionary Council .
Homo heidelbergensis ( '' Heidelberg Man '' , named after the University of Heidelberg ) is an extinct species of the genus Homo which may be the direct ancestor of both Homo neanderthalensis in Europe and Homo sapiens .
Leonding is a city situated to the southwest of Linz , Austria in the state of Upper Austria .
This system was used in many parts of ancient Africa .
Some examples are '' Lonely Nights '' by Uriah Heep , '' Jealousy '' by Prism , '' Tonight '' by Randy Meisner , and '' Fits Ya Good '' by Tove Naess , to name a few .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
Onegin implores her , but she finally leaves him alone in his despair .
Federation of American ScientistsPutin attacks crime-ridden Russia BBC History Comparison of the crime rates of the Soviet Union with those of other nations is considered difficult , because the Soviet Union did not publish comprehensive crime statistics .
The current lines and those under construction can be grouped into four routes radiating from Paris : West : LGV Atlantique to Tours and Le Mans .
Channing starred in two short-lived sitcoms on CBS in 1979 and 1980 : Stockard Channing in Just Friends and The Stockard Channing Show .
External links Some of the older editions of the diary are available online : There are also two encyclopedic sites about Pepys based on these free editions : Phil Gyford 's Samuel Pepys ' diary which provides a daily entry from the diary , as well as detailed background articles , plus annotations from readers .
Included are well-known plants such as the fig , banyan , breadfruit , mulberry , and Osage-orange .
Blender
The band was formed in Jacksonville , Florida in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman ( slide guitar and lead guitar ) and Gregg Allman ( vocals , organ ) .
The Letter of Jeremiah , also known as the Epistle of Jeremy , is a deuterocanonical ( or apocryphal ) book of the Old Testament ; this letter purports to have been written by Jeremiah to the Jews who were about to be carried away as captives to Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar .
Cary public schools were established in the late 19th century and are now part of the Wake County Public School System , the largest public school system in North Carolina .
This event also marks the largest job loss in Australian history .
The film was shot on film and was partly financed by the sale of limited edition '' Triangle '' Tara Buffyverse action figure .
It is the southernmost point on the surface of the Earth and lies on the opposite side of the Earth from the North Pole .
Fark is a community website created by Drew Curtis that allows members to comment on a daily batch of news articles and other items from various websites .
Montigny-en-Gohelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The level of support in the Restricted category is more limited than that of Main , because the developers may not have access to the source code .
Hamilton is located in Southern Ontario on the western end of the Niagara Peninsula and wraps around the westernmost part of Lake Ontario ; most of the city , including the downtown section , is on the south shore .
History Inhabited for 6,000 years , History of Nitra from the municipal website Nitra has been a city of extraordinary historic importance .
January 2007 - October 2007 : That 's right .
Starting at 15 f above sea level , The first 3 +3 \/O/ 4 m , through Barnstaple , and along the Yeo Valley stays relatively level .
Cricket chirping The left forewing of the male has a thick rib ( a modified vein ) which bears 50 to 300 ridges .
Brooklyn is New York City 's most populous borough with approximately 2.5 million residents , and second largest in area .
In 1546 part of the island was handed over to Cosimo I de ' Medici , who fortified Portoferraio , renaming it '' Cosmopoli '' , while in 1577 the rest of the island returned to the Appiani .
Intragame racking employs a separate set of rules from those in place at the game 's start .
Mount Erebus and Mount Terror are named after two ships from his expedition : HMS Erebus and Terror .
A short while later , she appeared in a controversial television commercial for Burger King , in which she criticized McDonald 's and claimed to eat only at Burger King .
Educated at the University of California , Berkeley , in the United States and University of Oxford in the United Kingdom , Bhutto was noted for his economic initiatives and authoring Pakistan 's nuclear program .
With the first WWE Brand Extension , a storyline division in which WWE assigns its employees to a different program , the other being Raw , in 2002 , the WWE Women 's Championship was to be defended on both brands . At some point that year , however , it became exclusive to the Raw brand .
The city 's metropolitan area consists of 17 cities and towns located in three different cantons with an overall population of about 250,000 people .
Rules Bughouse is a chess variant played on two chessboards by four players in teams of two .
Magnetic fields surround magnetic materials and electric currents and are detected by the force they exert on other magnetic materials and moving electric charges .
The charges were dropped on March 10 , 1972 , and King spent the next several years in reviving his career , including a stint as the color announcer in Louisiana for the Shreveport Steamer of the World Football League in 1974 -- 75 .
Dommartin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The regular season is a seventeen-week schedule during which each team plays sixteen games and has one bye week .
Bloodline Records is a Hip-Hop record Label founded by rapper Earl Simmons , also known as DMX .
Unione Sportiva Foggia is an Italian football club , based in Foggia , Puglia .
August 6 & ndash ; Saint Dominic , Spanish founder of the Dominicans ( b. 1170 )
The main feud on the Raw brand heading into the event was between John Cena , Bobby Lashley , King Booker , Mick Foley , and Randy Orton over the WWE Championship .
To order in Italy a very similar food to what in America is called '' pepperoni '' one would request salamino piccante to get the spicy sausage ( but made only of pork beef , and never with meat from other animals as in the american version ) . Usually the Italian name for a pepperoni pizza is pizza alla diavola ( pizza devil-style , very similar in appearance to the pepperoni pizza ) .
Thus a paper clip is a useful accessory in many kinds of mechanical work including computer work : the metal wire can be unfolded with a little force .
It added to an increasingly full calendar of Protestant celebrations that contributed to the national and religious life of 17th-century England , and has evolved into the Bonfire Night of today .
A total of 50 clubs have competed in the Bundesliga since its founding .
Helen Louise Herron '' Nellie '' Taft ( June 2 , 1861 -- May 22 , 1943 ) was the wife of William Howard Taft and First Lady of the United States from 1909 to 1913 .
Hurricane Epsilon then strengthened further to its peak intensity of 85 mph ( 135 km/h ) just hours later .
is a Japanese duo consisting of Koichi Domoto and Tsuyoshi Domoto under the talent agency Johnny & Associates .
A source of considerable annoyance for him was that three of his sisters married Jewish men , and in 1946 , claimed under interrogation that this ruined his reputation in the army forcing him to leave the Reichswehr .
The South Africa national football team or Bafana Bafana ( a Zulu term of endearment which means '' the boys '' ) is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association ( SAFA ) .
Dombasle-sur-Meurthe is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC , ) is a cartel of twelve countries made up of Algeria , Angola , Ecuador , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and Venezuela .
I Steal !
Area = frac { 1 } { 2 } r cdot c .
The show was created by Darren Star and produced by Paul Robinson and executive producers Aaron Spelling and E. Duke Vincent .
In January of the following year Walter conducted his first concert in Moscow .
Dogs are well known to chase cats , and most dogs will fetch a ball or stick .
They have released two studio albums , the first being The Secret Life of ... in 2005 .
Early life Born in New York City , the Marx Brothers were the sons of Jewish immigrants from Germany and France .
Good Eats is a television cooking show created and hosted by Alton Brown that airs in North America on Food Network .
On 4 March , he was knighted at age eighty-five as a Knight Commander of the British Empire ( KBE ) by Queen Elizabeth II .
Belgian Dutch ( ) , the national variety of the Dutch language as spoken in Belgium , As according to Van Dale .
The current mayor is Lois Jackson .
The film had its world premiere at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival on January 23 , 2011 .
The highest peak in the Caucasus is Mount Elbrus ( 5,642 m ) in the western Ciscaucasus in Russia , which is the highest point in Europe ( according to the definitions of Europe as including Caucasus ) .
In the city the population was spread out with 19.9 % under the age of 18 , 8.5 % from 18 to 24 , 36.9 % from 25 to 44 , 20.8 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.9 % who were 65 years of age or older .
A breach of warranty occurs when the promise is broken , i.e. , a product is defective or not as should be expected by a reasonable buyer .
In general , these designs begin with a square sheet of paper whose sides may be different colors or prints .
The Hart Memorial Trophy is named in honor of Canadian Dr. David Hart . Dr. Hart , who donated the original trophy to the NHL , was the father of Cecil Hart , a former Coach and General Manager of the Montreal Canadiens hockey club .
Isolde appears to wake at this , but instead , in a final aria describing her vision of Tristan risen again ( the '' Liebestod '' , '' love death '' ) , dies of grief .
The currency units include :
Last fuel on the western side is at the Mount Dare hotel and store .
Ubuntu Live USB Creator ( usb-creator ) is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from the Live CD or from an iso image .
It also assists with a breeding population of the endangered Helmeted Honeyeater .
For other uses , see Last Judgment , Judgment Day and Qiyamah The Last Judgment , Final Judgment , Day of Judgment , Judgment Day , or The Day of the Lord in Christian theology , is the final and eternal judgment by God of every nation .
Get Behind Me Satan ( 2005 ) The White Stripes ' fifth album , Get Behind Me Satan , was released in 2005 on V2 .
These , as well as minimalism , New Complexity and New Simplicity , are more fully explored in their respective articles .
Rapid growth in enrollment of the state-supported schools made it difficult for the church-supported schools to finance their athletics programs and one by one they fell victim to the growing prowess of the state-supported colleges .
Also of note is the American English dub of Ultraman Tiga by 4Kids Entertainment that aired in 2002 .
Danestal is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Professional wrestling career Early career Perez began her career as a model .
The route from Tsim Sha Tsui Station to Shek Kip Mei Station opened in December 1979 .
The mall was founded by the Ghermezian brothers , who emigrated from Iran in 1959 .
Most forms of albinism are the result of the biological inheritance of genetically recessive alleles ( genes ) passed from both parents of an individual , though some rare forms are inherited from only one parent .
He looked around the studio and found the telephone directory Yellow Pages , which happened to be situated nearest to him .
Grapefruit Juice
Before that time , Eastern Europe had been much more sparsely populated than Western Europe , and the lords of Eastern Europe created a peasantry-friendly environment to encourage migration east .
It is a parody of Green Day 's controversial '' American Idiot '' .
Clunes is a town in Victoria , Australia , located 36 kilometres north of Ballarat , in the Shire of Hepburn .
Some ( historic ) Quechua peoples :
Some time after 1272 John I and Albert II divided some competences among each other , however , continued joint rule .
Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting .
Canton , Pennsylvania
The term volcanology is derived from the Latin word vulcan .
Branch prediction which is used to avoid delays cause of control dependencies to be resolved .
It then spread in the early 12th century to France , Germany and Spain and elsewhere .
They board an elevator with a group of strangers , including a businessman ( Jonathan '' Jon '' ) ( William Hope ) , a nurse ( Emily ) ( Dominique McElligott ) , a tramp ( Tobias ) ( Ronald Pickup ) , and a security guard ( Rick ) ( Leon Herbert ) , but when the elevator reaches the next floor down , the hospital is abandoned .
A three-dimensional Sudoku puzzle was invented by Dion Church and published in the Daily Telegraph in May 2005 . There is a Sudoku version of the Rubik 's Cube named Sudoku Cube .
Karnataka is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west , Goa to the northwest , Maharashtra to the north , Andhra Pradesh to the east , Tamil Nadu to the southeast , and Kerala to the southwest .
A computer program is a passive collection of instructions , a process is the actual execution of those instructions .
He currently plays for the Japanese team Yokohama F. Marinos .
Other Christian groups with smaller followings in the country include the Africa Inland Church , the Armenian Apostolic Church , the Sudan Church of Christ , the Sudan Interior Church , Jehovah 's Witnesses , the Sudan Pentecostal Church , the Sudan Evangelical Presbyterian Church ( in the North ) , and the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Sudan .
The leaves are 3 -- 10 cm long , alternate , simple , with a serrated margin .
After a six month absence , on March 3 , 2008 , WWE removed the championship from the active championship web page , where originally the title was listed as '' vacant . ''
It has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres ( 7,172 sq mi ) .
Associated with a powerful '' ripple '' in the atmosphere , the cloud may be '' surfed '' in glider aircraft .
Santa Cruz de Barahona is the main city of the Barahona Province , in the south of the Dominican Republic .
In 1972 Mali , Mauritania and Senegal founded the Organisation pour la mise en valeur du fleuve Sénégal ( OMVS ) to manage the river basin .
It also contains a mutual-assistance pact in the event that one of the empires should be attacked by a third party , or in the event of internal strife .
Nephthys , therefore , is a member of the Great Ennead of Heliopolis , a daughter of Nut and Geb .
Cumulus clouds are part of the larger family of cumuliform clouds , which include cumulus , cumulus congestus , and cumulonimbus clouds , among others .
Israel is a developed country and a representative democracy with a parliamentary system and universal suffrage .
Perm , a city in Russia
A harbor or harbour ( see spelling differences ) , or haven , is a place where ships may shelter from the weather or are stored .
Zub is a game written for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum which was published in 1986 by Mastertronic and was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64 with music on all formats composed by David Whittaker .
In late nineteenth century , the term '' political economy '' was generally replaced by the term economics , used by those seeking to place the study of economy upon mathematical and axiomatic bases , rather than the structural relationships of production and consumption ( cf.
They are sometimes confused with phasmids ( stick\/leaf insects ) and other elongated insects such as grasshoppers and crickets .
The first beta for Windows 2000 was released in September 1997 The Road to Gold : The development of Windows 2000 Reviewed and several further betas followed until Beta 3 which was released on 29 April 1999 .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
In computer networking and computer science , bandwidth , network bandwidth , data bandwidth or digital bandwidth , is a bit rate measure of available or consumed data communication resources expressed in bits\/second or multiples of it ( kilobits\/s , megabits\/s etc ) .
Further singles '' Banquet '' ( which reached number 13 in NMEs ` Top 50 Singles of 2005 ' ) , '' Helicopter '' , and '' Pioneers '' , whilst failing to repeat this success , still managed to reach the UK top 20 .
Pungmul is a Korean folk music tradition that includes drumming , dancing , and singing .
Furthermore , recent analysis of twenty nuclear genes has drawn into question the monophyly of the group , suggesting that the flighted tinamous cluster within the ratite lineage .
Brooks ' integration of rock elements into his recordings and live performances has earned him immense popularity .
The ingredients of a traditional bottle of Worcestershire sauce sold in the UK as '' The Original & Genuine Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce '' are malt vinegar ( from barley ) , spirit vinegar , molasses , sugar , salt , anchovies , tamarind extract , onions , garlic , spice , and flavoring .
The official name of the state is the '' Commonwealth of Massachusetts '' .
Blind and naked at birth , they open their eyes after about eighteen days , and are nursed until they are one month old .
Active infrared night vision is now commonly found in commercial , residential and government security applications , where it enables effective night time imaging under low light conditions . However , since active infrared light can be detected by night vision goggles , there can be a risk of giving away position in tactical military operations .
The third generation Sienna was put on sale in the US in February 2010 and is the first Sienna to ever receive a '' Top Safety Pick '' award from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety .
Joseph Bonaparte , having gained the Spanish throne , made Melchor de Jovellanos the most brilliant offers , but the latter sternly refused them all and joined the patriotic party .
Food is provided , at least in part , by members of the community , thereby creating nightly potluck dinners .
He shared the prize with Arvid Carlsson and Paul Greengard .
Giardia infects humans , but is also one of the most common parasites infecting cats , dogs and birds .
Modesty has been and continues to be considered important in Islamic society , but the interpretation of what dress constitutes modesty varies .
The term chromatic derives from the Greek word chroma , meaning color .
As of June 2008 , China relocated 1.24 million residents , ending with Gaoyang in Hubei Province ) , about 1.5 % of the province 's 60.3 million and Chongqing City 's 31.44 million population .
'' Strawberry Fields Forever '' -- Mal Evans on percussion , Tony Fisher , Greg Bowen , Derek Watkins and Stanley Roderick on trumpets and John Hall , Derek Simpson , Norman Jones on cellos .
The models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the National Hurricane Center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards Texas .
Amherst may refer to :
The couple 's first daughter , Malia Ann , was born on July 4 , 1998 , followed by a second daughter , Natasha ( '' Sasha '' ) , on June 10 , 2001 .
Bug ( car ) , a nickname for the Volkswagen Beetle automobile
As of May 2010 , it has over 120,000 articles , 280,000 registered users and 7700 images .
Originally designed as an ICBM in the late 1950s , Atlas was the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by United Launch Alliance .
Ladaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
With four days left of the 2005 Tour , he made an announcement that he would leave the team to pursue his own chances of winning the Tour de France as a team captainVinokourov leaves T-Mobile Team , T-Mobile-Team .
In particular , the plate carrée has become a de-facto standard for computer applications that process global maps , such as Celestia and NASA World Wind , because of the particularly simple relationship between the position of an image pixel on the map and its corresponding geographic location on Earth .
Olten is a town in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland and capital of the district of the same name .
Pretoria itself is sometimes referred to as ` Tshwane ' in a controversial proposed name change , the status of which is still being decided as of 2010 .
Space is one of the few fundamental quantities in physics , meaning that it can not be defined via other quantities because nothing more fundamental is known at the present .
Shady Jeff -- vocals , band manager ( 2005 & ndash ; 2007 )
A BMI of under 18.5 is usually referred to as underweight .
Each year , one of the seven Councillors is elected by the United Federal Assembly as President of the Confederation .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier , OM ( ; 22 May , 1907 -- 11 July , 1989 ) was an English actor , director , and producer .
Worn by men Lower body Boxer briefs Trunks These are similar in style to boxer shorts , but are generally shorter and form-fitting like briefs .
The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of novels by Orson Scott Card that revolve around the experiences of a young man , Alvin Miller , who discovers he has incredible powers for creating and shaping things around him .
Flag Days of Sweden ( June 6 ) , United States ( June 14 -- see Flag Day in the United States ) , Denmark ( June 15 ) , Argentina ( June 20 ) , and Romania ( June 26 ) .
Name was changed to Zaire on 27 October 1971 , and back to the Democratic Republic of the Congo on 17 May 1997 .
April 7 , 1995 : LW Bill Huard traded from Ottawa to Quebec for D Mika Stromberg and Quebec 's fourth round pick in 1995 Entry Draft .
At an elevation of 5,506 feet ( 1,678 m ) above sea level , Beech Mountain ( also shared with Watauga county ) is the highest incorporated community east of the Mississippi River .
Kim Geun-Cheol ( born June 24 , 1983 ) is South Korean footballer who plays for Busan I ` Park , member of K-league .
Escoville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Early symptoms may include fever , headache , fatigue , depression , and a characteristic circular skin rash called erythema migrans .
Vertical shear from the northeast prevented development , and after making landfall in southern Cuba on October 16 , it was absorbed by a cold front .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
Kangchenjunga translated means '' The Five Treasures of Snows '' , as it contains five peaks , four of them over 8,450 metres , the treasures representing the five repositories of God , which are gold , silver , gems , grain , and holy books .
Proclaimed King in 1964 by senior royal family members and religious leaders , Faisal also continued to serve as Prime Minister .
: : Reliably published tertiary sources can be helpful in providing broad summaries of topics that involve many primary and secondary sources , especially when those sources contradict each other .
Hutton subsequently read an abstract of his dissertation Concerning the System of the Earth , its Duration and Stability to Society meeting on 4 July 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
For its guideline on plagiarism , see .
As of 2010 , electrocution is an optional form of execution in the U.S. states of Alabama , Florida , South Carolina and Virginia , though they allow the prisoner to choose lethal injection as an alternative method .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) estimates that it accounted for 15 % of blindness cases in 1995 , but only 3.6 % in 2002 .
When Reisinger began choreographing after the score was completed , he demanded some changes from Tchaikovsky .
The ring of steel is the popular name for the security and surveillance cordon surrounding the City of London , installed to deter the IRA and other threats .
Theodorus '' Dorus '' Rijkers ( 28 January 1847 - 19 April 1928 ) was a famous Dutch lifeboat captain and folk hero , most famous for his sea rescues of 487 shipwrecked victims over a total of 38 rescue operations , and at least 25 before joining the lifeboat-service .
At these altitudes , jet engines achieve maximum efficiency over long distances .
In modern engineering , the term is used for any system of pipes , ditches , canals , tunnels , and other structures used for this purpose .
R.E.M. was one of the first popular alternative rock bands , and gained early attention due to Buck 's ringing , arpeggiated guitar style and Stipe 's unclear vocals .
Open spaces include Norsey Wood , Mill Meadows Nature Reserve , Queen 's Park Country Park , Sun Corner , Lake Meadows , Hanningfield Reservoir and South Green .
On the contrary , it was they who voluntarily became Persians and who , in the manner of the great old Sassanid kings , strove to protect the Iranian populations from the plundering of Ghuzz bands and save Iranian culture from the Turkoman menace . ''
Above Handel 's grave in Westminster Abbey is a monument (/O1762/O) where the musician 's statue holds the musical score of the same aria .
He continued making strides in his rapping and beat-making , and some of his earliest beats were sold to local underground rappers such as Gravity as well as major-label artists like Ma $ e/O. However , it soon became apparent to West that his busy class schedule was a detriment with his work , and at the age of 20 he made the decision to drop out of college to pursue his dream of becoming a musician .
American pair skaters Rena Inoue and John Baldwin , Jr. became the first pair to perform a throw triple Axel in competition at the 2006 U.S. Figure Skating Championships , and then made Olympic and ISU history landing it again at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Its sequels , Speaker for the Dead , Xenocide , Children of the Mind , and Ender in Exile , follow Ender 's subsequent travels to many different worlds in the galaxy . Also the subsequent book , A War of Gifts takes place during the same time period as the original .
This glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared .
The band 's third studio album , Stacked Rubbish followed on July 4 , 2007 .
In contemporary history , the third millennium is a period of time that commenced on January 1 , 2001 , and will end on December 31 , 3000 , of the Gregorian calendar .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Incorporation into the Union Flag The Flag of Scotland is one of the key components of the Union Flag .
The first Duke Nukem 3D port was from icculus.org .
He is currently hosting the Comedy Central video clip show , Tosh .0 .
Coulomby is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Derek Hill : Mekhi Phifer
It has not yet been officially named , but '' LaFayette '' has been proposed by a group of astronomers in reference to the frigate used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the insurgents .
By using a correct belaying method , the belayer can hold the entire weight of the climber by using relatively little force , and can easily arrest even a long fall .
It consists of the former municipalities of Nil-Saint-Vincent-Saint-Martin , Tourinnes-Saint-Lambert and Walhain-Saint-Paul .
The source of the fossils were the coastal cliffs that surround Lyme , part of a geological formation known as the Blue Lias .
Millbrook is a village in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Each player in turn must either match the maximum previous bet or fold , losing the amount bet so far and all further interest in the hand .
Interpersonal relationships and communication is a two-way street , which needs to be clear by both ends .
Montesquieu 's most influential work divided French society into three classes ( or trias politica , a term he coined ) : the monarchy , the aristocracy , and the commons .
Member of Parliament Jeremy Hunt was elected at the 2005 general election , after Virginia Bottomley became a life peer .
It is the sixth book in the Redwall series .
Other major cities on Vancouver Island include Nanaimo , Port Alberni , Parksville , Courtenay , and Campbell River .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode , Manucodia ater , is a medium-sized , around 42 cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black bird of paradise with a red iris , black bill , long graduated tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers .
November 6 & ndash ; Suleiman the Magnificent , Ottoman Sultan ( d. 1566 )
Isla de la Juventud was not mentioned in the Platt Amendment , which defined Cuba 's boundaries , and this led to competing claims to the island by the United States and the now-independent Cuba .
There were different schools of thought as to the causes of inflation .
Among the Second International 's most famous actions were its 1889 declaration of 1 May as International Labour Day and its 1910 declaration of 8 March as International Women 's Day .
In 1983 , French scholar George Wellers was one of the first to use German data on deportations to estimate the number killed at Auschwitz , arriving at 1.613 million dead , including 1.44 million Jews and 146,000 Catholic Poles .
Indeed , despite all claims to the contrary , there is no question that Persian influence was paramount among the Seljuks of Anatolia .
Camp Rock is the soundtrack of the Disney Channel Original Movie of the same name , released on June 17 , 2008 .
For example , some species in the genera Amblyscirtes , Erynnis ( duskywings ) and Hesperia ( branded skippers ) can not currently be distinguished in the field even by experts . The only reliable method of telling them apart involving dissection and microscopic examination of the genitalia which have characteristic structures that prevent mating except between conspecifics .
Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money , he had great success with the play .
NOAA 's strategic vision is '' an informed society that uses a comprehensive understanding of the role of the oceans , coasts , and atmosphere in the global ecosystem to make the best social and economic decisions . ''
Eusociality with biologically sterile individuals represents the most extreme form of kin selection .
The Ahom kings reign for close to 600 years .
The central technique is add , subtract , multiply , or divide both sides of the equation by the same number in order to isolate the variable on one side of the equation .
The two countries had shared a monarch since the Union of the Crowns in 1603 , when King James VI of Scotland inherited the English throne from his double first cousin twice removed , Queen Elizabeth I. Although described as a Union of Crowns , until 1707 there were in fact two separate Crowns resting on the same head .
The company 's first major success came when the Weinsteins teamed up with British producer Martin Lewis and acquired the U.S. rights to two concert films Lewis had produced of benefit shows for human rights organization Amnesty International .
Another reader is described as obsessing on the book at all hours and having considered renaming her daughter Eva .
Similarly , Latino sine Flexione ( LsF ) is a simplification of Latin from which the inflections have been removed .
Within two months , Simpson had won five races and in July 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams ; he decided to join Rapha Geminiani , which already had a British cyclist , Brian Robinson .
In the particular case of bacteria and fungi , the reactions needed to feed and reproduce increase at higher temperatures , up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to break down , or denature , so quickly that they can not be replaced .
Act 3 The wedding hall The Count mulls over the situation , confused by the preceding events .
Howe 's hands had been tied but he managed to free them , stabbed Watts , and then taking Watts 's gun , shot Drew .
The bridge carries part of the A3 road , which is maintained by the Greater London Authority ; the bridge itself is owned and maintained by Bridge House Estates ( see City Bridge Trust ) , an independent charity overseen by the City of London Corporation . The area between London Bridge and Tower Bridge on the south side of the Thames is a business improvement district ( BID ) and is managed by Team London Bridge .
Resentment against colonial rule had been mounting for many years and there had been occasional isolated uprisings against British rule at various times since the British had established themselves in the subcontinent .
Jackson Township , named after Andrew Jackson , is a township in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
in Chattanooga , TN
Modern closets can be built into the walls of the house during construction so that they take up no apparent space in the bedroom , or they can be a large , free-standing piece of furniture designed for clothing storage , in which case they are often called a wardrobe or armoire .
The report in the magazine Nature also discloses the evidence that coloured pigments have been used at the same time there .
The FBI 's headquarters , the J. Edgar Hoover Building , is located in Washington , D.C. .
Burial Anne was entombed in a lead coffin in the Chapel of St. Erasmus of Formiae in Westminster Abbey .
Johor was the first state in Malaysia to adopt the constitutional monarchy system via Undang-undang Tubuh Negeri Johor ( Johor State Establishment Constitution ) written by Sultan Abu Bakar .
Cilenti and Guillory married in 2002 , and during the ceremony Guillory wore her grandmother 's wedding dress .
Windhaven is a science-fiction and fantasy novel written by novelist and screenwriter , George R. R. Martin , and novelist Lisa Tuttle .
Mauregny-en-Haye is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Helianthus annuus , Sunflowers , are annual plants native to the Americas , that possess a large inflorescence ( flowering head ) .
It became a fully-fledged university in 1965 and currently comprises faculties of law , medicine , philosophy , mathematics and natural sciences , and economics .
In the Classical and Romantic periods it was often used for the last movement of a sonata , symphony , concerto or piece of chamber music .
In December 2008 , Bonham Carter lent her voice to a MTV domestic violence public service announcement , reciting a passage about love from the First Epistle to the Corinthians .
Entertainment Weekly ( C - ) EW.com
The fourth game , The Return of Werdna , ( Werdna being Andrew , one of the game 's developers , spelled backwards ) was a significant departure from the rest of the series .
Despite the name , the Circle Line is not actually a full circle , as there will be no through service on the section between Harbourfront and Marina Bay or Dhoby Ghaut .
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard ( March 13 , 1911 - January 24 , 1986 ) , better known as L. Ron Hubbard ( and often referred to by his initials , LRH ) , was an American pulp fiction author and religious leader who founded the Church of Scientology .
Since 1961 , reindeer have been divided into two major groups , the tundra reindeer with six subspecies and the woodland reindeer with three subspecies .
Kupferhof Bauschenberg was one of many brass producing factories built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg .
The square pyramid , with square base and four triangular outer surfaces , is a common version .
March -- Louis XIV of France passes the '' Code Noir '' , allowing the full use of slaves in the French colonies .
Corte ( , Corsican Corti ) is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica .
A month later , in November , Billie Holiday returned to the Decca studio to record three songs , '' That Ole Devil Called Love '' , '' Big Stuff '' , and '' Do n't Explain '' .
For the city in Florida , see Gulfport , Florida .
He normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .
It is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name .
Wikiversity 's beta phase officially began on August 15 , 2006 with the English language Wikiversity .
It is well-known as the birthplace of Adolf Hitler .
Gameplay Chrono Trigger features standard console role-playing game ( RPG ) gameplay with several innovations .
Grimaldi , D (/O1997/O) : A fossil mantis ( Insecta : Mantoidea ) in Cretaceous amber of New Jersey , with coments on early history of Dictyoptera .
Orange Village , the southwest quadrant of the original township , was incorporated as a village in 1929 .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Tagore responded to the mostly crude emergence of modernism and realism in Bengali literature by writing experimental works in the 1930s .
Claire Redfield is a player character appearing in the Resident Evil series of survival horror video games .
A film adaptation , starring Alex Pettyfer as Rider , was released on July 21 , 2006 .
Despite their academic disagreements , Dawkins and Gould did not have a hostile personal relationship , and Dawkins dedicated a large portion of his 2003 book A Devil 's Chaplain posthumously to Gould , who had died the previous year .
Also , in the 1801 and 1802 editions , Belinda almost marries Mr. Vincent , a rich West Indian Creole ; in the 1810 edition , Belinda only esteems him and never agrees to marry him .
The Manchester Ship Canal was built in 1894 , in some sections by canalisation of the Rivers Irwell and Mersey , running 58 k from Salford to Eastham Locks on the tidal Mersey .
Isla de la Juventud ( '' Isle of Youth '' ) is the second-largest Cuban island and the seventh-largest island in the West Indies ( after Cuba itself , Hispaniola , Jamaica , Puerto Rico , Trinidad , and Andros Island ) .
However , he also returned to his chair in the cello section , and participated as cellist in the world premiere of Verdi 's Otello ( La Scala , Milan , 1887 ) under the composer 's supervision .
Urheimat ( a German compound of ' '' primitive , original '' and ' '' home , homeland '' ; , ) is a linguistic term denoting the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language .
FC Union Berlin is a German association football club based in Berlin .
Bats are flying mammals in the order Chiroptera .
Charles IV ( 18/19 June 1294 -- 1 February 1328 ) , was the King of France and of Navarre ( as Charles I ) and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death : he was the last French king of the senior Capetian lineage .
Pedro is aided in the battle by the English and Henry by the French .
Codes are usually reserved for former countries , overseas territories , international organizations , and special nationality status .
A member of the European Union , NATO and the World Trade Organization , it has a high Human Development Index of 0.834 , ranking 56th in the world in 2006 .
Cinchona pubescens is known for its bark 's high quinine content - and has similar uses to Cinchona officinalis in the production of quinine , most famously used for treatment of malaria ( Kinyuy et al . 1993 ) .
Fulton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
It is known as the Green Heart of Germany , due to the dense forest that covers the terrain .
The flesh can be consumed at various stages of ripeness , and is used to flavour a wide variety of savoury and sweet edibles in Southeast Asian cuisines .
Aberdeenshire is one of the 32 unitary council areas in Scotland and a lieutenancy area .
'' The Government of Barons '' , as Papen 's government was known , openly had as its objective the destruction of German democracy .
Generally the event 's duration ( commonly one hour ) is shorter than that of a traditional road race -- which can last many hours , sometimes over the course of several days or even weeks , as in a Grand Tour .
Their melting and boiling points are generally lower than those of the transition metals and their electronegativity higher , and they are also softer .
The British Rail Class 23 were a class of ten Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotives built by the English Electric Company ( EE ) in 1959 .
Sega 's main offices , as well as the main offices of its domestic division , Sega Corporation ( Japan ) , are located in ta , Tokyo , Japan .
The population density was 445.2 people per square mile ( 172.1 \/O/ km ) .
Mongol leader Ghazan Khan is converted to Islam , ending a line of Tantric Buddhist leaders .
The symphony is written in the conventional four movements .
The increase in internal energy is realized as an increase in temperature .
The Invertebrates : A Synthesis .
Acoustic guitars ( and similar instruments ) with hollow bodies , have been in use for over a thousand years .
Saint-Andr é - Treize-Voies is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt , Jr. , grandson of the former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt , wrote in '' The Kurdish Republic of Mahabad '' that a main problem of the People 's Republic of Mahabad was that the Kurds needed the assistance of the USSR ; only with the Red Army did they have a chance .
'' God Defend New Zealand '' is one of the national anthems of New Zealand , together with '' God Save the Queen '' .
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album and fifth international release by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette .
Cusick began his career as a classical theater actor . His first leading roles on stage included : Dorian Gray in The Picture of Dorian Gray with Rupert Everett , Hamlet in The Marovitz Hamlet with Helen Baxendale , and Horner in The Country Wife .
History The county was formed in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County .
Since the belt was discovered in 1992 , the number of known Kuiper belt objects ( KBOs ) has increased to over a thousand , and more than 70,000 KBOs over 100 k in diameter are believed to exist .
Its county seat is Murphy .
These features are available to both Free and Gold members on Xbox Live .
The Thirty-Nine Articles of Religion were established in 1563 and are the historic defining statements of Anglican doctrine in relation to the controversies of the English Reformation ; especially in the relation of Calvinist doctrine and Roman Catholic practices to the nascent Anglican doctrine of the evolving English Church .
Back in Liverpool , Harry Epstein put his son in charge of the record department of the newly-opened NEMS music store on Great Charlotte Street .
Bette Davis admitted to being a fan of the song and approached Carnes and the songwriters to thank them .
In modern times , Friday the 13th is considered to be especially unlucky , due to the conjunction of Friday with the unlucky number thirteen .
A sickly boy , he died in 1671 at only two years old , and John George became Duke of Saxe-Eisenach .
At the age of ten , Pohjola had started studies in classical piano , music theory and counterpoint at the Vantaa Conservatory , while also starting to play jazz .
In 1651 he was requested to undertake the command of the initial Dutch settlement in the future South Africa .
She accepts the date , but only if her date will take her out to the ballgame .
The Canton of Zug ( German Kanton ) is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland .
This May Day celebration began in 1870 and is one hundred and forty years of age .
Roman numerals are based on seven symbols : a stroke ( identified with the letter I ) for a unit , a chevron ( identified with the letter V ) for a five , a cross-stroke ( identified with the letter X ) for a ten , a C ( identified as an abbreviation of Centum ) for a hundred , etc. :
He was probably best known to the public as the longtime music director of the New York Philharmonic , for conducting concerts by many of the world 's leading orchestras , and for writing the music for West Side Story .
, sometimes abbreviated , is a sh jo manga series by Natsuki Takaya .
Peaches , along with cherries , plums and apricots , are stone fruits ( drupes ) .
Klass was born in Gorleston , Norfolk , England , to an Anglo-Austrian father and a Filipina mother .
Invergordon Mutiny was an industrial action by around a thousand sailors in the British Atlantic Fleet , that took place on 15-16 September 1931 .
He died in Paris at the age of nineteen , of a lung ailment , or exhaustion , perhaps both .
Life Born in Brand , Bavaria , Reger studied music in Munich and Wiesbaden with Hugo Riemann .
In 1951 , American astronomer Harlow Shapley announced that Proxima Centauri was a flare star .
PFAW has been active in recent years in battles over judicial nominations and on issues including school class size , and actively support such proposals as the separation of church and state , civil rights , voting rights for Washington , DC in the U.S. Congress and equal rights for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgendered ( LGBT ) people and promotion of civic participation .
The Badung Strait separates the island and Bali .
Yvette Fielding ( born 23 September 1968 ) is a British broadcaster , producer and actress .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline were the most notable storms this year .
Saint-Andr é - Treize-Voies is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
March 22 & ndash ; Emperor Go-Horikawa of Japan ( d. 1234 )
Forbes had no difficulties with Brisbane , but it was not long before he came in conflict with the new governor , Sir Ralph Darling .
Airplane hijackings result in the collapse of the World Trade Center in New York City , destruction of the western portion of The Pentagon in Arlington , Virginia , and a passenger airliner crash in Shanksville , Pennsylvania .
Guernica ( town ) , Basque town , historical capital of Biscay
St. Catherines Island , also known as Santa Catalina , is one of the Sea Islands or Golden Isles on the coast of the U.S. state of Georgia , 50 miles ( 80 km ) south of Savannah in Liberty County .
As a young Gaeilgeoir ( Irish speaker ) , he became an activist for the language .
The Precious Belt Bridge in China is fully reconstructed .
Sometimes , these sets used to operate 8-12 car long expresses to Nottingham Victoria in the final years of the GCML .
She shows a high degree of dexterity , and she once hit Homer on the head with a mallet and shot a dart at a photograph of him in imitation of Itchy and Scratchy .
This can be done with a rag and some turpentine for a certain time while the paint is wet , but after a while , the hardened layer must be scraped . Oil paint dries by oxidation , not evaporation , and is usually dry to the touch within a span of two weeks .
The calamine from the ore mine Breinigerberg was used exclusively in Stolberg for the production of brass .
It has long , pointed ears and a squared-off muzzle .
Tropical Storm Gamma was 24th tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Agnatha ( Greek , '' no jaws '' ) is a superclass of jawless fish in the phylum Chordata , subphylum Vertebrata .
Improbably , Amber was the only one who did not switch tribes , but had new tribemates .
Cowes was once served by Cowes railway station on the Island Line .
There are no swings that support a child who can not balance independently , or who can not hold on with both hands .
Independent School District # 748 , Sartell-St .
Cork cambium is a tissue found in many vascular plants as part of the periderm .
Nationalism involves a strong identification of a group of individuals with a political entity defined in national terms , i.e. a nation .
Ely Shoshone Indian Reservation , near Ely , Nevada
In modern usage , ` sapphire ' refers to a deep vibrant blue ; however , early eighteenth century colors called ` sapphire ' were a very light pale blue , probably closer to periwinkle .
Eggs take about fourteen days to hatch into larvae , which eat continuously .
Web 2.0 websites allow users to do more than just retrieve information .
The nasal septum is composed of five structures :
It is the second book in a series that follows the main character Cadel Piggot , a genius young boy living in Australia .
As first lady , Ford was active in social policy and shattered precedents as a politically active presidential wife ( Time considered her '' the most since Eleanor Roosevelt '' ) .
Connors State College & ndash ; Warner , Oklahoma
The shaman can treat sickness caused by evil spirits .
Die Hard 2 ( often subtitled Die Harder ) The film 's on-screen title is Die Hard 2 : Die Harder , and the film 's official website refers to it as such .
The characters Doctor Jekyll and Mister Hyde in Robert Louis Stevenson 's thriller Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde represent an exploration of the concept that good and evil exist within one person , constantly at war .
In August 2000 , Jurowski was named the Music Director of the Glyndebourne Festival Opera , and he took on the post in January 2001 .
