In contrast , most of the Alliance 's wins were controversial due to interference or disqualification .
Israel is the world 's only predominantly Jewish state , with a population estimated in May 2010 to be 7,602,400 people , of whom 6,051,000 are Jews .
Jason Andrew Varitek ( ; born April 11 , 1972 in Rochester , Michigan ) is an American professional baseball catcher with the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball .
Unlike the central nervous system , the PNS is not protected by bone or by the blood-brain barrier , leaving it exposed to toxins and mechanical injuries .
The red cross in the top of the coat of arms symbolizes the clerical state Paderborn , the historic precursor of today 's district .
After more than two years of observation and analysis , the COBE research team announced on 23 April 1992 that the satellite had detected tiny fluctuations in the CMB , a breakthrough in the study of the early universe .
Commenchon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the meantime , in 1773 , he published an account of the voyage as part of An Account of the Voyages undertaken by Byron , Wallis , Carteret and Cook , but that volume 's editor John Hawkesworth made changes to his account and so Carteret produced a version of his own ( which , however , only got published in 1965 , by the Hakluyt Society ) .
Vale of Leven Football Club are an association club based in the town of Alexandria , Scotland , in the Vale of Leven area of West Dunbartonshire .
, k ne ` move ' + , rhynchos ` snout ' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
After two demos the band received a contract with AFM Records in 1995 .
The National Basketball Association ( NBA ) is a professional basketball league , composed of thirty teams in North America ( twenty-nine in the United States and one in Canada ) .
By contrast , the cephalopod eye has no blind spot as the retina is in the opposite orientation .
It is not a true berry but a cone with unusually fleshy and merged scales , which give it a berry-like appearance .
Amateure changed their name to Austria in 1926 as the former amateurs had become professionals .
Its founding members were the United Kingdom , Austrian Empire , Russian Empire and Kingdom of Prussia , the members of the Quadruple Alliance responsible for the downfall of the First French Empire ; in time France became established as a fifth member of the concert .
The main steam is called Mangal , and its water is very important for the cultivation of the area .
Professional wrestling career World Wrestling Entertainment ( 2005 2008 ) In November 2004 , Lashley began working in the professional wrestling area and signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment .
The degree of a constant term is 0 .
The local secondary school is Alfreton Grange Arts CollegeAlfreton Grange Arts College , accessed September 2009 ( ages 11 -- 18 ) on Grange Street .
They have released three full length albums .
Harajuku , a neighborhood in Shibuya , is known internationally for its youth style and fashion .
Though a number of lineup changes followed , the three original members remained together along with James LaBrie and Jordan Rudess until September 8 , 2010 when Portnoy left the band . In October 2010 , the band held tryouts for Portnoy 's substitute drummer .
Saint-Sauveur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
She earned a Ph.D. in astronomy in 1931 from the University of California , Berkeley on a Lick Fellowship , and then returned to Princeton .
The network renewed the series for a second season , which began in October 2007 .
Twelve is a pentagonal number .
During the Hellenic era , due to her attributes as a protector and mother , as well as a lusty aspect gained when she absorbed some aspects of Hathor , she became the patron goddess of sailors , who spread her worship with the trading ships circulating the Mediterranean Sea .
Lysacek moved to El Segundo , California to work with Frank Carroll and Ken Congemi in June 2003 .
Opus Dei , formally known as The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei , is an organization of the Catholic Church that teaches that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to sanctity .
He plays for English side Arsenal and was the former captain of the Brazil under-20 national team .
La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
With the revival of the ECW World Championship in mid-2006 , the title became a third option for the winner to choose since the 2007 event .
Because of the difficulty for colliers in trying to navigate the shallow waters of the River Wear , the coal had to be loaded onto keels ( large boats ) and taken downriver to the waiting colliers .
In the northwest the Iller-Lech Plateau borders on the Swabian Jura ( unit D60 on the map ) and , in the extreme northeast , on the Franconian Jura ( unit D61 on the map ) .
Although they are not aggressive , they will bite when their nest is disturbed .
Gazette in Germany This Summer JAME News Retrieved on August 19 2007 Three more singles were released followed by another studio album , Stacked Rubbish on July 4 , 2007 .
He wrote : '' When a man of today obtains such an old sample it seems to him as important as his life , which is ridiculous .
Mark Hopley ( born 1 May 1984 in Crewe , England ) is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership .
Alternatively , a doughnut depositor can be used to place a circle of liquid dough ( batter ) directly into the fryer .
For abelian groups or groups written additively , the notation used changes to g + H and H + g respectively .
Steffen Freund ( born 19 January 1970 in Brandenburg ) is a German former professional football player .
Consisting mostly of granitic rock , continental crust has a density of about 2.7 g\/cm3 and is less dense than the material of the Earth 's mantle , which consists of mafic rock .
Its capital is the city of Gifu .
President Ronald Reagan posthumously awarded Robinson the Presidential Medal of Freedom on March 26 , 1984 , and on March 2 , 2005 , President George W. Bush gave Robinson 's widow the Congressional Gold Medal , the highest civilian award bestowed by Congress ; Robinson was only the second baseball player to receive the award , after Roberto Clemente .
The largest concentration of Moroccans outside Morocco is in France , which has reportedly over one million Moroccans .
Modems are generally classified by the amount of data they can send in a given time unit , normally measured in bits per second ( bit\/s , or bps ) .
One of the most common practical applications of Solid Mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation .
Term can be seen here Several economic studies and legal decisions of antitrust authorities have found that the median price increase achieved by cartels in the last 200 years is around 25 % .
It was selected as a penal settlement because it was geographically isolated from the rest of the colony but more easily reachable by sea than the other place of secondary banishment , Macquarie Harbour on the west coast , which could then be closed down .
His father Henri Lange took part in the November Uprising .
; It is served by Bogashevo Airport .
But the next day , on July 15 , 1918 , Anastasia and her sisters appeared in good spirits as they joked and helped move the beds in their shared bedroom so that cleaning women could clean the floors .
City districts The city of Stuttgart is subdivided into a total of 23 city districts , 5 inner districts and 18 outer districts .
Pavarotti sang his international recital début at William Jewell College in Liberty , Missouri , on 1 February , 1973 , as part of the college 's Fine Arts Program , now known as the Harriman-Jewell Series .
Instead of challenging Randy Orton for the title at WrestleMania , he decided to challenge him at No Way Out .
There are about 550-600 species in around 24 genera , widespread in the tropical , subtropical and warm temperate regions of the world .
A ray traveling along the normal ( perpendicular to the boundary ) will change speed , but not direction .
Isabella Mary Beeton ( née Mayson ) ( 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 ) , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
Homolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid from pyruvate ; alcoholic fermentation is the conversion of pyruvate into ethanol and carbon dioxide ; and heterolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid as well as other acids and alcohols .
The county was formed in 1859 from the eastern part of Ashe County , North Carolina .
Tuscany was annexed by Piedmont-Sardinia , on 22 March 1860 .
If we want to test if p is prime , then we can pick random a 's in the interval and see if the equality holds .
Among the sponsors , there are the Austrian government , the local authorities of Vorarlberg as well as private banks .
Unlike many other bean patties , in falafel the beans are not cooked prior to use .
The ( commonly abbreviated WFC ) is an online multiplayer gaming service run by Nintendo to provide free online play in compatible Nintendo DS and Wii games .
External links A report on the 1957 accident and on endemic radioactive pollution at Mayak .
The Bolsheviks came to power in Russia during the October Revolution phase of the Russian Revolution of 1917 , and founded the Soviet Union .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Viacom then sold the team to ITT Corporation and Cablevision , and a couple of years later , ITT sold their ownership stake to Cablevision , who still owns the team today .
The College also grants arms to citizens of other Commonwealth countries that do not have their own heraldic authorities .
The meerkat or suricate Suricata suricatta , a small mammal , is a member of the mongoose family .
It was a center of heavy industry , having a long coal mining tradition which died out by 1950 .
Lollapalooza has featured a diverse range of bands and has helped expose and popularize alternative rock groups such as Thenewno2 , Pearl Jam , Primus , Rage Against the Machine , Nine Inch Nails , Jane 's Addiction , Soundgarden , The Smashing Pumpkins , Alice in Chains , Tool , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Hole , 30 Seconds to Mars , The Strokes , and Green Day .
In the foreword , young Star evi elaborated his linguistic ideas , pointing out that the mixture of all three Croatian dialects ( Shtokavian , Chakavian and Kajkavian ) and the Krajina dialect is called the Croatian language , which Star evi considers from the perspective of its six hundred years of history .
It is situated in the south of Larkana city between taluka Larkana and taulka Dokri .
In 1899 , Khartoum became the capital of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan .
Batista went on to have successful surgery on his arm on January 12 .
Port-Brillet is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Cordelia is the innermost moon of Uranus .
In 2005 , Watchmen was the only comic book to make it onto Time Magazine 's '' All-Time 100 Novels '' list .
Hugh Jackman as Logan \/O/ Wolverine : Logan can regenerate spontaneously , a talent which allowed the painful implantation of a adamantium metal coating on his bones and metal claws that emerge from each hand .
Verdilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It is the county seat of Quay County .
Mont-d ` Origny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Buick Enclave is a full-size crossover SUV launched in May 2007 as a 2008 model by the Buick division of General Motors .
A scythe ( Oxford English Dictionary , Oxford University Press , 1933 : Scythe ) is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass , reaping crops , or reaping people ( i.e. the Grim Reaper ) .
More recently Bomberman has been released on the Xbox 360 through the Xbox Live Arcade Service .
Howerdel met singer Maynard James Keenan in 1992 when Tool was opening for Fishbone , and the two became friends . Three years later , Keenan offered Howerdel , who was looking for lodging , a room in his North Hollywood home .
Undated The Place Royale in Paris is renamed Place des Vosges when the Department of Vosges becomes the first to pay new Revolutionary taxes .
Nadezhda von Meck was the wealthy widow of a Russian railway tycoon and an influential patron of the arts .
It was created by ATHF creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro with the idea of running for six episodes , but only the pilot was produced . Adult Swim , the channel showing ATHF , felt that there was little , if anything that could be made into five more episodes , since all of the characters were destroyed at the end of the pilot .
The related English verb , initiate , means to begin or start a particular action , event , circumstance , or happening .
Developed by Visual Works and Square Enix , Advent Children was the first announced title in the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII series , which is composed of titles related to the highly successful 1997 console role-playing game Final Fantasy VII .
After his acquittal , he was transferred to Camp Breckinridge , Kentucky , where he served as a coach for army athletics until receiving an honorable discharge in November 1944 .
Friedensreich Regentag Dunkelbunt Hundertwasser ( December 15 , 1928 - February 19 , 2000 ) was an Austrian painter and architect .
The peanuts , or groundnut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , is a species in the legume '' bean '' family ( Fabaceae ) .
'' Toxic goitre '' refers to goitre with hyperthyroidism .
The Holocene is part of the Quaternary period .
Alice Cooper ( born Vincent Damon Furnier ; February 4 , 1948 ) is an American rock singer , songwriter and musician whose career spans more than five decades .
Nineteen Questions for Muslim Clergy/Musluman Din Adamlarina Ondokuz Soru ( English ; Turkish ) .
Prince Henry was widely seen as a bright and promising heir to his father 's throne .
It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde , 14 km southeast of Zwickau .
He played in three World Cups for the Cameroon national team .
He first appeared on albums from The Beatnuts , on the track '' Off the Books '' in 1997 , and on Fat Joe 's second album Jealous One 's Envy in 1995 , on the track '' Watch Out '' , prior to signing to Loud Records as a solo artist . Big Pun died of a heart attack at age 28 .
Al Ain is often called the ` Garden City of The Gulf ' given the many oases , parks , tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city .
Silent bartering was mainly used during the period 500 to 1500 .
The other authors who also write the Warriors novel series under the pen name Erin Hunter are Cherith Baldry , Victoria Holmes , and Tui T. Sutherland .
The new document dramatically increased Park 's power .
The Locus Index to SF Awards : Locus Awards Records and Tallies Her novel The Farthest Shore won the National Book Award for Children 's Books in 1973 .
Biography Abbey was born in Indiana , Pennsylvania , and grew up in nearby Home , Pennsylvania , where there is a Pennsylvania state historical marker in his honor .
Its home base is the Musikverein .
Taff-Ely , a defunct local government district in Wales
at the Disco 's 2005 album , A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out , including the radio-only single '' The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage '' .
The franchise was relocated to Denver , Colorado in 1995 , and renamed the Colorado Avalanche .
The series from which it was adapted was influenced by Asian art , mythology and various martial arts fighting styles and was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko .
After the pay-per view , the feud ended between the two .
The film and Fantasia 2000 are the only Disney sequels that are part of the Disney canon , as both were produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation .
It is made by treating manganese and diverse compounds of manganese ( II ) in hydrofluoric acid .
Kyocera Arena at Atlético paranaense 's official website The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense .
For drivers with multiple citizenships , the driver chooses one of them to drive for .
With the goal of preventing illness and promoting physical fitness , practitioners perform various routines comprising a number of different dance-like exercises .
In addition to the basic STE vocabulary listed in the Dictionary , Section 1 , Words , gives explicit guidelines for adding technical terms and verbs that writers need to describe maintenance procedures .
It lies at the mouth of the Gascoyne River on the Indian Ocean .
Describing the cultural practices of the Tongans , he wrote :
Shane McMahon , however , appeared on Nitro and announced in kayfabe that he had signed the contract and purchased WCW out from under his father 's nose , planting the seed for what was considered a lucrative future storyline opportunity .
It is said that he was the guardian angel of Esau and a patron of the Roman empire .
Mike Engler , designer of the game Retro Game Challenge , said in a Gamasutra interview that '' The Guardian Legend is one of the best games ever released '' .
The lake is at an elevation of 4,142 m ( 13,589 feet ) .
This Category Systems scientists gives an overview of scientists in the different fields of systems science : Such as Chaos theory , Complex systems theory , Control theory , Cybernetics , Dynamical Systems , General systems theory , Living systems theory , Mathematical Systems theory , Operations researchers , Social Systems theory , Systems biology , Systems ecology , Systems engineers , and Systems theory .
The United States presidential election of 2004 was the United States ' 55th quadrennial presidential election . It was held on Tuesday , November 2 , 2004 .
It is , in some sense , a symmetry of the object , and a way of mapping the object to itself while preserving all of its structure .
In time Lulu returns with another client , the Negro ( played by the singer who played the Painter , Lulu 's second husband ) .
It was controlled by the Imperial Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War , both of which were nominally subordinate to the Emperor of Japan as supreme commander of the army and the navy .
In 1569 construction was started of the Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli .
The elevators do not follow any sort of linear route and must be reached by traversing and riding platforms on planets to reach any of the three elevators at the top of the chain .
Palm Beach Daily News : sister publication of the Palm Beach Post serving the town of Palm Beach , it covers events and social affairs of the celebrities and wealthy residents of Palm Beach . Frequently extends coverage to events taking place in West Palm Beach .
Portable Document Format ( PDF ) is an open standard for document exchange .
Park Kun-Ha ( born 25 July 1971 in Daejeon , South Korea ) is a retired South Korean footballer and the manager of Suwon Samsung Bluewings U-18 Team .
It is the second-oldest continuously-produced newspaper in Australia , having been published since 1833 .
Flora can reach a magnitude of +7.9 at a favorable opposition near perihelion , such as occurred in November 2007 .
A Brief History of Time is a popular science book written by Stephen Hawking and first published by the Bantam Dell Publishing Group in 1988 .
The very earliest accounts of belief are contained in these texts , such as early Christian creeds and hymns , as well as accounts of the Passion , the empty tomb , and Resurrection appearances ; some of these are dated to the '30s or '40s , originating within the Jerusalem Church .
Later slide rules were made of plastic , or aluminum painted with plastic .
The movement is named for the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy , where it started within the Benedictine order .
Nokturnal Mortum is a black metal band from Ukraine .
Momofuku Ando , ORS , ( March 5 , 1910 - January 5 , 2007 ) was a Taiwanese-Japanese businessman who founded Nissin Food Products Co. , Ltd. .
Robson moved to Sporting Clube de Portugal in July 1992 , where his Portuguese interpreter was a young José Mourinho , future Porto , Chelsea and Internazionale manager .
The sketch features a child plaintiff '' suing '' an adult defendant for petty incidents or even deserved punishments , such as a grounding or an after-school detention .
The female equivalent title Maharani ( or Maharanee ) denotes either the wife of a Mah r ja or , in states where that was customary , a woman ruling in her own right .
Casals was an ardent supporter of the Spanish Republican government .
Twentieth Century Fox purchased the film rights and released a feature film on February 12 , 2010 .
She is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on its Raw brand under the ring name Natalya .
Fox News Channel ( FNC ) , commonly referred to as Fox News or Fox , is a cable and satellite news channel owned by the Fox Entertainment Group , a subsidiary of News Corporation .
Borgomastro o Sindaco-Borgomastro ( Italian ) : in few communes of Lombardy
The novel was adapted into a 1975 film , which won five Academy Awards .
At the end of the match , Mickie hit a Mick Kick on Trish 's head which knocked out Trish , allowing Mickie to win the match and the WWE Women 's Championship .
In Greek mythology , Nyx ( , Nox in Roman translation ) was the primordial goddess of the night .
Lordship is the basic social institution of the uprooted Germanic societies , as Tacitus described them in Germania nipples and the Roman West experienced them firsthand in the Migrations Period .
It contains the westernmost islands of the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
The most common type has long , thin gores ( strips ) of paper that narrow to a point at the North Pole and the South Pole .
River Avon ( disambiguation ) or Avon River ( disambiguation ) , various rivers
Coffee stimulates the body , and people tend to drink quite a lot of it when they are at work , in the office .
Extrusive refers to the mode of igneous volcanic rock formation in which hot magma from inside the Earth flows out ( extrudes ) onto the surface as lava or explodes violently into the atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics or tuff .
Thus a hemophiliac does not bleed more intensely than a normal person , but can bleed for a much longer amount of time .
Robert Dyas is a large UK retailer of homeware and gardenware with over 100 stores in Greater London and South East England .
Before he was injured , Butcher was close to signing a # 1million return to England with Manchester United , but his injury saw the transfer canceled and United manager Alex Ferguson signed Norwich City 's Steve Bruce instead .
Status The territory was governed by two royal commissioners , one from each neighbor .
See the design and variety of thongs for details or guidelingerie.com for a comparison of G-string .
The Atlantic bluefin tuna is a close relative of the other two bluefin tuna species -- the Pacific bluefin tuna and the southern bluefin tuna .
It is adjacent to Normal , Illinois , and is the more populous of the two principal municipalities of the Bloomington-Normal Metropolitan Statistical Area which is often referred to simply as '' Bloomington-Normal '' .
A further three players scored four goals .
Typical examples include : convenience stores , other small shops ( such as a bakery or delicatessen ) , hairdressers , tradesmen , lawyers , accountants , restaurants , guest houses , photographers , small-scale manufacturing , and online business , such as web design and programming , etc./O.
Eudicots and Eudicotyledons are terms introduced by Doyle & Hotton (/O1991/O) to refer to a monophyletic group of flowering plants that had been called tricolpates or non-Magnoliid dicots by previous authors .
The foundation of Bertsch .
The Prince Alfred , Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duke of Edinburgh 6 August 1844 1900 , 31 July Married 1874 , Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia ; had issue .
Netherlands In the Netherlands , restrictions on the manufacture and sale of Absinthe were successfully challenged by the Amsterdam wine seller Menno Boorsma in July 2004 , making absinthe legal once again .
Achiral ( not chiral ) objects are objects that are identical to their mirror image .
It is the direct sequel to 2003 's Survivor 's Law ( ) .
Lohn , Texas
Staff ( 27 November 2006 ) '' Aaron Kwok crowned best actor again at Golden Horse Awards '' China View He became only the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award consecutively .
Interstate 30 ( I-30 ) is an Interstate Highway in the southern United States .
Significance in law In the United States , '' merchant '' is defined ( under the Uniform Commercial Code ) as any person while engaged in a business or profession or a seller who deals regularly in the type of goods sold .
All three are hard structures with sharp , pointy ends , which are generally used by plants to protect themselves from herbivores .
When a pawn advances two squares and there is an opponent 's pawn on an adjacent file next to its destination square , then the opponent 's pawn can capture it en passant ( in passing ) , and move to the square the pawn passed over .
She was not educated as highly as King Henry 's previous wives , Catherine of Aragon and Anne Boleyn .
Tehran finally became the capital of Iran in 1795 , when the Qajar king Agha Mohammad Khan was crowned in the city .
Some guards who had not participated in the murders and had been sympathetic to the grand duchesses were reportedly left in the basement with the bodies .
The Second Epistle of Paul to the Thessalonians , often referred to as Second Thessalonians and written 2 Thessalonians , is a book from the New Testament of the Christian Bible .
Luchsingen is a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Although the album 's name references Blink-182 's highly publicized summer 2000 tour ( The Mark , Tom , and Travis Show Tour ) , the album was actually recorded on the Loserkids Tour ( during the tour 's arena shows early on in the tour ) in 1999 .
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea 's properties ; for instance , tides are very limited as a result of the narrow connection with the Atlantic Ocean .
Its empirical standards applied in one of the first and certainly strongest homes for serious textual criticism .
Trio ( jazz ) ( piano , double bass , drums )
Brighton-Le-Sands , New South Wales , a suburb of Sydney
ASCII codes represent text in computers , communications equipment , and other devices that work with text .
Pirelli is the sole tyre supplier in Formula One , following Bridgestone 's decision to withdraw from the role at the end of .
If anything his tenure at the Department of Foreign Affairs helped him to achieve the leadership of the party .
Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and , as a means to that end , an of people interested in building a high-quality encyclopedia in a spirit of mutual respect .
She was named after the Japanese actress Mao Daichi .
Bertram is a city in Linn County , Iowa , United States .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
Disney released VHS and DVD versions on June 10 , 2003 .
It became part of the state of Saxony-Anhalt upon German reunification in 1990 .
At Ancestry.com ( born April 25 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer .
Sigalens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
As the game progresses , each level causes the tetrominoes to fall faster , and the game ends when the stack of tetrominoes reaches the top of the playing field and no new tetrominoes are able to enter .
James was a local bandleader , so instruments were made available to Dizzy .
In 1803 the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss abolished the abbey .
Its name means a fishery .
The Marriage of Figaro is a continuation of the plot of The Barber of Seville several years later , and recounts a single '' day of madness '' ( la folle giornata ) in the palace of the Count Almaviva near Seville , Spain .
Today , living specimens exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species , but fossils have been found in Madagascar and Argentina .
'' Rolling in the Deep '' is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele from her second studio album 21 .
A crackme ( often abbreviated by cm ) is a small program designed to test a programmer 's reverse engineering skills .
Naoki Matsuda ( Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma ) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
The peppered moth ( Biston betularia ) is a temperate species of night-flying moth .
Throughout history , Arabian horses spread around the world by both war and trade , used to improve other breeds by adding speed , refinement , endurance , and strong bone .
In 1842 his father brought home a '' great piece of news '' , and while young John Lubbock initially thought that it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was just that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village , he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
The Manhattan Chess Club in Manhattan is the second-oldest chess club in the United States ( next to the Mechanics ' Institute Chess Club in San Francisco ) .
Imperialism , as defined by The Dictionary of Human Geography , is '' the creation and maintenance of an unequal economic , cultural and territorial relationship , usually between states and often in the form of an empire , based on domination and subordination . ''
April 7 , 1995 : G Rick Tabaracci traded from Washington to Calgary for a conditional fifth round draft pick .
The population of Nundle Shire was 1350 in 1969 .
They have won four Stanley Cup Championships and fourteen division titles since their founding in 1926 .
Early life Lil ' Kim was born Kimberly Denise Jones on July 11 , 1975 , in Bedford-Stuyvesant , Brooklyn , New York .
According to Josephus , Herod died after a lunar eclipse .
Outside , Affection Section is a petting zoo featuring goats , sheep and other domesticated animals .
In 1870 , Engels moved to London where he and Marx lived until Marx 's death in 1883 .
Philip Tyler Keaggy ( born March 23 , 1951 , in Youngstown , Ohio ) is an American acoustic and electric guitarist and vocalist who has released more than 50 albums and contributed to many more recordings in both the contemporary Christian music and mainstream markets .
He would also play in the World Hockey Association with the Chicago Cougars , Los Angeles Sharks , Michigan Stags , and New York Golden Blades .
Soggy biscuit , sometimes also called The Biscuit Game , Sticky Biscuit , Cookies and Cream , Limp Biscuit or Ookie Cookie is a male masturbation game which originated from the United Kingdom in which the participants stand around a biscuit masturbating until ejaculating on to it ; the last person to do so must eat the biscuit .
Appearances Peach is portrayed as the princess of the Mushroom Kingdom .
Astrologers believe that the movements and positions of celestial bodies either directly influence life on Earth or correspond to events experienced on a human scale .
Sheffield Football Club are an English football club from Sheffield , South Yorkshire .
The head of the Korea Olympic Committee responded by stating that the incident was accidental and held no political meaning .
His grave is in the churchyard of Saint Peter and Saint Paul 's Church in Aldeburgh , Suffolk , adjacent to the grave of Benjamin Britten .
It stands near the mouth ( s ) of the Peene river , on the easternmost part of the German Baltic coast .
The Polish family appears and Aschenbach determines that they must not find out about the cholera outbreak for fear that they will leave .
This enabled ocean going ships to sail right into the Port of Manchester .
Louise 's early life was spent moving between the various royal residences in the company of her family .
Boechout is a municipality of Belgium located in the Flemish province of Antwerp .
Sir Ian Murray McKellen , CH , CBE ( born 25 May 1939 ) , is an English actor of stage and screen .
For his part , Whedon credits his mother , Lee Stearns , as the inspiration for his feminist worldview .
Gary Lewis ( born Gary Harold Lee Levitch , July 31 , 1945Jerry Lewis in Person , p. 128 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American musician , who performed in the band Gary Lewis & the Playboys .
Selections by the octopus were correct in four of Germany 's six Euro 2008 matches , and were correct in all seven of their matches in the 2010 World Cup .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
Sint-Jans-Molenbeek ( Dutch , pronounced ) or Molenbeek-Saint-Jean ( French , pronounced ) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
Centauri may be pronounced or .
The prosperous towns of central and western Warwickshire including Leamington Spa , Stratford-upon-Avon , Kenilworth , Alcester , and Warwick harbor light to medium industries , services and tourism as major employment sectors .
The significance of meiosis for reproduction and inheritance , however , was described only in 1890 by German biologist August Weismann ( 1834 -- 1914 ) , who noted that two cell divisions were necessary to transform one diploid cell into four haploid cells if the number of chromosomes had to be maintained .
Manchester is the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire and the largest city in northern New England , an area comprising the states of Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont .
Bertrand 's postulate ( actually a theorem ) states that if n ) 3 is an integer , then there always exists at least one prime number p with n 1 there is always at least one prime p such that n ( p ( 2n .
It began in 1859 when the City of Manila handed control of the Escuela Municipal de Manila in Intramuros , Manila to the Jesuits .
In honor of Young 's contributions to Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , the Cy Young Award , an annual award given to the pitcher voted the most effective in each of the two leagues , was created in 1956 .
Born in Burlington , Vermont , the only child of Andrew Issaclar Goodhue ( 1848-1923 ) , a mechanical engineer and steamboat inspector , and Lemira Barrett Goodhue ( 1849-1929 ) , Grace graduated from the University of Vermont in 1902 , where she was a founding member of the Beta chapter of Pi Beta Phi sorority .
The host controller directs traffic flow to devices , so no USB device can transfer any data on the bus without an explicit request from the host controller .
Villa Isabela
There is also a second division league in Qatar .
Their two-stringed upright fiddles were strung with horsehair strings , played with horsehair bows , and often feature a carved horse 's head at the end of the neck .
Professional football career A four-time Pro Bowl selection from 1981 to 1984 , Hicks was a key player on the 49ers dynasty in the 1980s , assisting his team to NFL Championship wins in Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX .
id : sfondo value : rgb (/O1,1,1/O)
Tornado refers to the vortex of wind , not the condensation cloud .
ITV Yorkshire , formerly Yorkshire Television , broadcasts from The Leeds Studios on Kirkstall Road .
He makes a bargain with Faust : Mephistopheles will serve Faust with his magic powers for a term of years , but at the end of the term , the devil will claim Faust 's soul and Faust will be eternally damned .
Achievements Stanley Cup Champion as a goalie 1956 -- 58 -- 59 -- 60 -- 65 -- 66 ( Montreal ) Stanley Cup ring 1991 as Scout ( Pittsburgh ) , but left off the cup .
NP-complete can also be used as an adjective : problems in the class NP-complete are known as NP-complete problems .
Structural adjustment policies were most effective in countries with an institutional framework that allowed these policies to be implemented easily .
The Sweet Chestnut ( Castanea sativa , family Fagaceae ) , also known as the Spanish Chestnut , Portuguese Chestnut or European chestnut , is a species of chestnut originally native to southeastern Europe and Asia Minor .
The Brooklyn Museum , located at 200 Eastern Parkway , in the New York City borough of Brooklyn , is the second-largest art museum in New York City , and one of the largest in the United States .
To the north is Neelum District ; the fall on the northeast of the district and Bagh District forms the southern boundary .
Her only sibling was Princess Margaret , born in 1930 .
Honda also came to the IRL in 2003 , and by 2005 was clearly the dominant engine manufacturer .
Due to the multiple takes required to perfect the orchestral cacophony and the final chord , as well as their considerable procrastination in composing the song , the total duration of time spent recording '' A Day in the Life '' was 34 hours .
After his collapse , the shepherd is heard piping the arrival of Isolde 's ship , and , as Kurwenal rushes to meet her , Tristan tears the bandages from his wounds in his excitement .
In the episode , Bart catches a three-eyed fish in a river downstream of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant .
Zellers is headquartered in the city of Brampton , Ontario , near Toronto , and is a subsidiary of Hudson 's Bay Company ( '' HBC '' ) .
Tim Hortons and the Canadian military Tim Hortons has many outlets located on or near many Canadian Forces Bases .
After the 16th century , the Europeans brought the olive to the New World , and its cultivation began in Mexico , Peru , Chile and Argentina , and then in the 18th century in California .
In 1998 , shortly before his death , he was ranked number 67 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players , and was the highest player to be born and trained in the United States on the list .
Days earlier , on 6 May 1997 , Lawless had inadvertently exposed a breast as she concluded a performance of the US national anthem at an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , California between the Mighty Ducks and Detroit Red Wings .
It can be consumed , used as an organic pesticide and , in the form of nicotine tartrate , it is used in some medicines .
Bush Hill Park railway station is located at Bush Hill Park in the London Borough of Enfield , north London .
Charles Kirk Clarke ( 1857 - 20 January 1924 ) was a psychiatrist who was influential in Canadian politics .
MINIX 3 currently supports only IA-32 architecture PC compatible systems .
In 1916 , the Cleveland Indians became the first team to add numbers on their uniforms , positioned on the left sleeve of the home uniforms only .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous tourist towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
Malcolm Charles Barber ( born March 4 , 1943 ) is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
Why I Am Not a Christian is a 1927 essay by the British philosopher Bertrand Russell hailed by The Independent as '' devastating in its use of cold logic '' , Amazon entry and listed in the New York Public Library 's list of the most influential books of the 20th century .
Niamey was probably founded in the eighteenth century , but was of little importance to most of the country until the French developed a colonial post in the 1890s .
Originally named the Institute of British Architects in London , it was formed in 1834 by several prominent architects , including Philip Hardwick , Thomas Allom , William Donthorne , Thomas Leverton Donaldson , John Buonarotti Papworth and Thomas de Grey , 2nd Earl de Grey .
In 1989 , she became a professor of physics at the University of California , San Diego and Director of the California Space Institute .
Bhumibol Adulyadej ( Royal Institute : Phumiphon Adunyadet ; , ; see full title below ) ( born 5 December 1927 ) , is the current King and Head of the State of Thailand .
Wilma crossed the state in about 4.5 hours and weakened to winds of 110 mph ( 175 km\/h ) after entering the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter , Florida .
The typhoon continued to intensify further , and early on October 12 Reconnaissance Aircraft recorded a worldwide record-low pressure of 870 mbar ( hPa , 25.69 inHg ) with winds of 305 km\/h ( 190 mph ) , located about 840 km ( 520 mi ) west-northwest of Guam .
The Halifax Explosion occurred on Thursday , December 6 , 1917 , when the city of Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , was devastated by the huge detonation of the SS Mont-Blanc , a French cargo ship , fully loaded with wartime explosives , which accidentally collided with the Norwegian SS Imo in '' The Narrows '' section of the Halifax Harbour .
This version incorporates the famous '' You 'll never catch me alive said he '' variation introduced by the Billy Tea company .
It is also extremely important to marine mammals and birds ; for example , California brown pelicans and elegant terns , whose breeding success is strongly connected to anchovy abundance .
Following the WWF\/WWE name change in 2002 , the championship was further unified with the European Championship in a ladder match on July 22 , and the Hardcore Championship on August 26 .
German variations are also known for being very thick and heavy .
After studying for one year at a vocational technical school in Lyubertsy , Gagarin was selected for further training at a technical high school in Saratov .
The Book of Esther or the Megillah is the basis for the Jewish celebration of Purim .
Static random access memory ( SRAM ) is a type of semiconductor memory where the word static indicates that , unlike dynamic RAM ( DRAM ) , it does not need to be periodically refreshed , as SRAM uses bistable latching circuitry to store each bit .
Automobiles , electric vehicles , and hybrid vehicles are increasingly using embedded systems to maximize efficiency and reduce pollution .
Hwang appeared on Korean television drama '' Over the Rainbow '' during summer of 2006 , and Joo released his solo album The Brian in December 2006 .
Kobe Bean Bryant ( born ) is an American shooting guard who plays for the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The high five is a celebratory hand gesture that occurs when two people simultaneously raise one hand , about head high , and push , slide or slap the flat of their palm and hand against the palm and flat hand of their partner . The gesture is often preceded verbally by the phrase '' Give me five '' or '' High five '' .
Based upon sales , however , it is the most popular American brewed pale lager among North American beer consumers .
In Egyptian mythology , Anuket ( also spelt Anqet , and in Greek , Anukis ) was originally the personification and goddess of the Nile river , in areas such as Elephantine , at the start of the Nile 's journey through Egypt , and in nearby regions of Nubia .
Give consideration to the IP 's contribution history when deciding how long to leave warnings visible .
Juan Manuel Fangio ( June 24 , 1911July 17 , 1995 ) , nicknamed El Chueco ( '' knock-kneed '' ) or El Maestro ( '' The Master '' ) , was a racing car driver from Argentina , who dominated the first decade of Formula One racing .
Causes of the reduced blood flow can include changes in the systemic circulation ( e.g. low blood pressure ) or local factors such as constriction of blood vessels or a blood clot .
They are marine animals with a leathery skin and an elongated body containing a single , branched gonad .
Romeo Crennel ( born June 18 , 1947 in Lynchburg , Virginia ) is the former head coach of the Cleveland Browns and current defensive coordinator for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
Music career Artist Yuhuan was also a sanxian musician , his lessons with traditional Chinese instruments started when he was a child , and still living in the Prince Gong Mansion .
Most elements on this line are metalloids , sometimes called semi-metals ; elements to the lower left are metals ; elements to the upper right are nonmetals ( see the periodic table showing the metals ) .
Greg Ginn created Solid State Transmitters ( SST ) at the age of twelve .
Rocquefort is a commune in the Seine-Maritime département of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France .
Seaborg 's technique would have been far too expensive to enable routine manufacturing of gold , but his work is the closest to the mythical Philosopher 's Stone .
The Dukes of Devonshire have been closely involved with Buxton since 1780 , when the 5th Duke used the profits from his copper mines to develop the town as a spa in the style of Bath .
UNetbootin ( Universal Netboot Installer ) is a cross-platform utility that can create Live USB systems and can load a variety of system utilities or install various Linux distributions and other operating systems without a CD .
Although BMW Sauber targeted the season as the year they would challenge for the title , their start to the season has been a disappointment .
The county of Sussex has been divided into East and West since the 12th century , and obtained separate county councils in 1888 , but it remained a single ceremonial county until 1974 and the coming into force of the Local Government Act 1972 .
The main economic activities of the municipality are tobacco , hides and milk .
The IAU maintains friendly relations with organizations that include amateur astronomers in their membership .
The proposed autonomy for Corsica would have included greater protection for the Corsican language ( Corsu ) , the island 's traditional language ( similar to Italian ) , whose practice and teaching , like other regional or minority languages in France , had in the past been discouraged .
Oleg Oleksandrovich Prudius ( ; ; Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius born on April 27 , 1972 ) is a Russian American professional wrestler , also known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov ( ) .
French period Fort Ouiatenon was originally constructed by the French government as a military outpost to protect against Great Britain 's western expansion .
Notre-Dame-de-Livaye is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
One of the first European exports , the horse , changed the lives of many Native American tribes on the Great Plains , allowing them to shift to a nomadic lifestyle based on hunting bison on horseback .
Formed at a joint meeting of the Soviet of the Union and the Soviet of Nationalities , it consisted of a Chairman , several First Deputies , Deputies , ministers , Chairmen of the state committees and the Chairmen of the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Republics . The Chairman of the Council of Ministers could also recommend people who he found suitable for membership of the Council of Ministers to the Supreme Soviet .
The city was located on the Via Domitia , a Roman road constructed in 118 BC which connected Italy to Spain .
Queensland is often nicknamed the Sunshine State , since it enjoys warm weather and a sizeable portion of the state is in the tropics .
Justinian I immediately orders that the dome be rebuilt .
Given the long orbit that TNOs have around the sun , Huya comes to opposition in early May of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3 .
November 20 -- Battle of Quiberon Bay : The British fleet of Sir Edward Hawke defeats a French fleet under Marshal de Conflans near the coast of Brittany .
The community grew with the influx of white prospectors during the Klondike Gold Rush .
The Yapen Strait separates Yapen and the Biak Islands to the north .
Her father Abdul Hasan Asaf Khan who was also the brother of Empress Nur Jehan ( who subsequently became the wife of the emperor Jahangir ) .
Saint-R émi - d'Amherst , Quebec
The earliest known usage had been 70.000 years from now till this discovery .
In 1758 , as Treasurer of the Navy , he introduced and carried a bill which established a fairer system of paying the wages of seamen and supporting their families while they were at sea which was praised for its humanity if not for its effectiveness .
jpg MRI image showing nasal septum .
Deanna Durbin ( born December 4 , 1921 ) is a Canadian-born , Southern California-raised retired singer and actress , who appeared in a number of musical films in the 1930s and 1940s singing standards as well as operatic arias .
L. Macy ( Accessed 11 July 2006 ) , ( subscription access ) Musical elements that would later be used in the Roman Rite began to appear in the 3rd century .
The logarithmic spiral was first described by Descartes and later extensively investigated by Jacob Bernoulli , who called it Spira mirabilis , '' the marvelous spiral '' .
Whole the area is uninhabited , surrounded by rocky mountains , having an elevation of 16000 to 17000 feet .
Both Tegan and Sara play guitar and keyboard and write songs , most often separately .
Following these events , on June 29 , Roh announced a programme of reform .
Ahmet Necdet Sezer ( ; born September 13 , 1941 in Afyonkarahisar ) was the tenth President of the Republic of Turkey .
They have played at Ozzfest .
Infected cells form crown gall or root tumors , respectively .
It can be a symptom of a number of different conditions of the head and neck .
IMI 's educational partner is Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK ( MMU ) .
In a scene from the film , soldiers are wading through a swamp in the Everglades , and one of them is bitten and dragged underwater by an alligator .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
The Alps are generally divided into the Western Alps and the Eastern Alps .
Pneumatics uses an easily compressible gas such as air or a suitable pure gas , while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil .
An application programming interface ( API ) is an interface implemented by a software program that enables it to interact with other software .
Build and Buy Mode Developer Blog Players can re-color and re-pattern the furniture and other items to specific shades and patterns with the new Create-a-Style and make multi-story houses with basements .
The river then bends slightly south and receives Aliso Canyon Wash , whose watershed adjoins that of Brown 's Canyon , from the left .
Wb 4 , 477.9-11 It was divided into twenty-two districts called nomes .
Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro is the racing team division of the Ferrari automobile company .
However , it is a stroke to the player who hit the ball if the ball was traveling straight to the front wall when the ball hit the opponent , without having first hit the side wall .
An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die , and is then released .
The plants are cultivated in warmer climates worldwide .
The most notable storm of 1979 was Hurricane David , a Category 5 storm on the Saffir -- Simpson Hurricane Scale that killed over 2,000 people , mostly in the Dominican Republic , and caused nearly 1.5 billion dollars in damage ( 1979 USD ) .
October 27 -- Giuseppe Garibaldi 's troops march into Rome .
The second place finisher Peter Norman wore an Olympic Project for Human Rights badge in support of Smith and Carlos .
The German Cross was issued in two degrees : gold and silver ( the color of the laurel wreath around the swastika ) , the former being an award for bravery , the latter being for distinguished service and was considered a continuation of the War Merit Cross with swords .
As of 2005 , its population is 42,189 .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,611 people , 1,487 households , and 1,029 families residing in the city .
FBI agent Robert Hanssen is arrested and charged with spying for Russia for 15 years .
Tallassee ( first called Talisi by the Creek Indians ) is a city on the Tallapoosa River , located in both Elmore and Tallapoosa counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
A mutual fund 's investment portfolio is continually monitored by the fund 's portfolio manager or managers , who are employed by the fund 's manager or sponsor .
An Young-Hak ( Hanja : , ; born 25 October 1978 in Kurashiki , Okayama ) is a Japanese-born North Korean football midfielder , who plays for Omiya Ardija in J. League Division 1 and North Korea national football team .
The movie followed a group of misfit recruits in their attempts to prove themselves capable of being police officers .
In London and the South East there are a number of Russian schools aimed at transmitting Russian language and culture to the children of Russian immigrant parents .
The major premise links M with P and the minor premise links M with S/O. However , the middle term can be either the subject or the predicate of each premise where it appears .
He is currently without a club , having played club football for the English Premier League clubs Arsenal and Middlesbrough , and international football for the French Under-21 national team .
The BBC also makes some of the content on bbc .
Many of their songs are very old and are said to date back to the old kingdom of Mali .
Disney sold the franchise in 2005 to Henry & Susan Samueli , who changed the name of the team to the Anaheim Ducks before the 2006 -- 07 season .
History Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war .
Prattville is a city in Autauga and Elmore Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Dole is known for carrying a pen in his paralyzed hand and has a habit of referring to himself in the third person .
In 1949 , Hooker moved to Memphis Tennessee , joined Ike Turner 's band , and toured the Southern United States .
Ocelli ( pit-type eyes of arthropods ) blur the image across the whole retina , and are consequently excellent at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field ; this fast response is further accelerated by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain .
It was the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded since 1919 , and the first time a major professional sports league in North America canceled a complete season because of a labor dispute .
An autopsy , also known as a post-mortem examination , necropsy ( particularly as to animals ) , autopsia cadaverum , or obduction , is a medical procedure that consists of a thorough examination of a corpse to determine the cause and manner of death and to evaluate any disease or injury that may be present .
Boris Vadimovich Berezovsky ( ; born January 4 , 1969 , in Moscow ) is a Russian virtuoso pianist .
I-30 intersects with only two of the 10 primary north & ndash ; south interstates ( I-35W , I-35E and I-45 ) and also with the major Interstate routes I-20 , and I-40 .
Many rides provide a combination of rotations about several axes .
Albert Coates ( 23 April 1882 -- 11 December 1953 ) was an Anglo-Russian conductor and composer .
Liber AL vel Legis contains three chapters , each of which was written down in one hour , beginning at noon , on April 8 , April 9 , and April 10 .
Alken is a Hesbayen municipality located in Belgian province of Limburg .
Each of the brothers was already established in one kingdom - Lothair in Italy , Louis the German in Bavaria , and Charles the Bald in Aquitaine .
A ` comedy of professional artists ' traveling from province to province in Italy and then France improvised and told stories which told lessons to the crowd , changing the main character depending on where they were performing .
This made her the first woman elected to the British House of Commons .
At the 2006 NHK Trophy , they became the first ice dancing team to receive level fours on all their elements .
In these courts , individuals can seek compensation from the government for any harm caused by incorrect administrative actions by officials or even have administrative acts overturned .
Howard R. Turner writes : '' Muslim artists and scientists , princes and laborers together made a unique culture that has directly and indirectly influenced societies on every continent . ''
In 1829 , with the backing of Zelter and the assistance of a friend , the actor Eduard Devrient , Mendelssohn arranged and conducted a performance in Berlin of Bach 's St Matthew Passion .
A barometer is a scientific instrument used in meteorology to measure atmospheric pressure .
Platinum is a city in Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Lake Champlain ( French : lac Champlain ) is a natural , freshwater lake in North America , located mainly within the borders of the United States ( states of Vermont and New York ) but partially situated across the Canada- United States border in the Canadian province of Quebec .
color LCD monitor , providing a video observation and sighting system with transmission capability .
His maternal grandparents were Prince Philippe of France and his first wife Princess Henrietta Anne , the youngest daughter of King Charles I of England and Henrietta Maria of France .
The festival drew over 20,000 people and featured over 120 musical acts , as well as stand-up comedians , performance artists and more .
Kala went gold in Canada and the United States and silver in Great Britain , and the single '' Paper Planes '' became a North American top ten chart favorite in 2008 .
The combination of Goodman 's solid clarinet playing , the Henderson arrangements , and the well-rehearsed band made Goodman a rising star in the mid-1930s and Chick Webb passed over his '' King of Swing '' title to Goodman .
Rob Reiner is the son of Carl Reiner and Estelle Reiner .
However , after the 1955 season , Mercedes left the sport , and despite part-ownerships , and engine supplier deals in the 1990s and 2000s , it did not return as a factory team until November 2009 .
World of Warcraft is an online role-playing game , which allows you to create a character on a realm , where thousands of other players come together and play .
Southbury railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in North London , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 , on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
The rain flooded basements and streets in the Cape Sable area .
And Now for Something Completely Different is a film spin-off from the television comedy series Monty Python 's Flying Circus featuring favorite sketches from the first two seasons .
This is the thinner of the two main variations .
Hermione was discovered by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
Life Everlasting Cedar Fort , p. 19 .
With the introduction of Euro I emissions regulations , the base model was replaced by a 1.6 L with the same output , while the top of the line was given to a 16-valve version of the 2.0 L engine , which powered the GT ( GSI ) version , and had 150 PS ( 110 kW ) .
During 2004 and 2005 , a Golani battalion reinforced the Givati Brigade in the Gaza Strip .
Female masturbation can also provide protection against cervical infections by increasing the acidity of the cervical mucus and by moving debris out of the cervix .
The first book , published in 1549 , in the reign of Edward VI , was a product of the English Reformation following the break with Rome .
Rise to power of the Bolsheviks in Russia under Vladimir Lenin , creating the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic , the first state committed to the establishment of communism .
He was schooled traditionally , took a craftsman-like approach to his work , and desired academic recognition , although he was never accepted into Paris 's foremost school of art .
With respect to the OSI model of network design , a cable modem is both Physical Layer ( Layer 1 ) device and a Data Link Layer ( Layer 2 ) forwarder .
Interestingly , he did not develop antibodies to H. pylori , suggesting that innate immunity can sometimes eradicate acute H. pylori infection .
For other sorts of college football , see College football ( disambiguation ) .
The trend towards differentiation is found in some labyrinthodonts and early anapsid reptilians in the form of enlargement of the first teeth on the maxilla , forming a form of proto-canines .
Year 1382 ( MCCCLXXXII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The 59-floor , 915-foot ( 279-m ) building is one of the most distinctive and imposing in New York 's skyline , with a 45 angled top and a unique stilt-style base .
From early in his career he collaborated with famous lyric sopranos Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Irmgard Seefried , and the recording producer Walter Legge , issuing instantly-successful albums of lieder by Schubert and Hugo Wolf .
The object is to reach a set number of points determined by agreement before the game- typically 150 in professional competition .
It was the sixth annual Vengeance event .
The Bucegi is believed to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon , on which the mythical figure Zalmoxis resided in a cave .
In the next month they released their second music video compilation DVD , Film Bug I. On July 29 , The Gazette performed at the Beethovenhalle in Bonn , Germany , their first show outside of Asia .
Though winters are mild , making the campground a popular destination with seasonal visitors from colder climes , summer can be extremely hot with recorded temperatures as high as 130 F\/54 C.
The current members are Deryck Whibley ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Jason McCaslin ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) , Steve Jocz ( drums , backing vocals ) , and Tom Thacker ( lead guitar , backing vocals , keyboard ) .
However , if the leaves are laid out flat to dry , they will crumble somewhat and become known as tencha .
It is bordered by two fellow countries of the United Kingdom -- to the north by Scotland and to the west by Wales .
Mihai Eminescu ( ; born Mihail Eminovici ; January 15 , 1850 -- June 15 , 1889 ) was a Romantic poet , novelist and journalist , often regarded as the most famous and influential Romanian poet .
September 25 & ndash ; Battle of Nicopolis : The Ottomans defeat a joint crusade by Hungary , France , the Holy Roman Empire , England and Wallacia , led by King Sigismund of Hungary .
Although Szasz appears in some CCHR 's keynote addresses , he has never been a Scientologist , instead self-identifying as a secular humanist .
Ultratop is the official Belgian record charts .
In 1816 , the British founded Banjul as a trading post and base for suppressing the slave trade .
It was released in North America by Nintendo of America on December 12 , 2005 ; in Japan by Square Enix on December 15 , 2005 ; in Australia on February 23 , 2006 ; and in Europe on June 2 , 2006 .
New Mexico and Iowa voted Democratic in 2000 , but voted Republican in 2004 .
Surrealism developed out of the Dada activities of World War I and the most important center of the movement was Paris .
The warp threads are moved up or down by the harnesses creating a space called the shed .
Shimao International Plaza ( ) is a tall skyscraper of 60 stories in Shanghai 's Huangpu District .
English to Greek Dictionary , English to Greek Dictionary .
A T-shirt ( or tee shirt ) is a shirt which is pulled on over the head to cover most of a person 's torso .
Bobby Jon and James still insisted they oust lazy Kim .
Troyat received his first literary award , Le prix du roman populaire , at the age of twenty-four , and by twenty-seven , he was awarded the Prix Goncourt .
Parasitism is a type of symbiotic relationship between organisms of different species where one organism , the parasite , benefits at the expense of the host .
The municipality comprises only the town of Kuurne proper .
It is used in activities such as tree felling , limbing , bucking , pruning , by tree surgeons to fell trees and remove branches and foliage , to fell snags and assist in cutting firebreaks in wildland fire suppression , and to harvest firewood .
It officially started May 15 , 2008 in the eastern Pacific , started on June 1 , 2008 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 2008 .
Attachment , or adsorption , occurs between the viral particle and the host cell membrane .
On December 31 , 2007 , the F.B.I. revived the case by publishing never-before-seen composite sketches and fact sheets online in an attempt to trigger memories that could possibly identify Cooper .
Existence as a separate entity began with the Treaty of Verdun ( 843 ) , with the division of Charlemagne 's Carolingian Empire into East Francia , Middle Francia and Western Francia .
Nathaniel Hathorne was born in 1804 in the city of Salem , Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and Elizabeth Clarke Manning Hathorne .
The series finale , '' Forever Charmed '' , ended with a season high of 4.49 million viewers .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
Year 27 ( XXVII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Centered on commonly available modern foods , the '' contemporary '' Paleolithic diet consists mainly of meat , fish , vegetables , fruit , roots , and nuts , and excludes grains , legumes , dairy products , salt , refined sugar , and processed oils .
After being speared by Edge , resulting in Orton losing a number one contender 's match for the WWE Championship , on the WWE Draft episode of Raw , he faced Edge at the Over the Limit pay-per-view , but separated his right shoulder during the match , which concluded in a double countout .
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy with King Bhumibol Adulyadej , the ninth king of the House of Chakri , as the ruling monarch .
The Games are regulated by Asian Games Federation ( AGF ) since the first Games in New Delhi , India until 1978 Games and commenced by Olympic Council of Asia ( OCA ) since 1982 after the dissolved of Asian Games Federation .
Additionally , while this was the first use of Lee to name an Atlantic storm , following the retirement of Hurricane Lenny in 1999 , Lee had previously been used to name three storms in the Western Pacific Ocean .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length .
They soon recruited members Alek Samodouroff , Logan Burns , Andrew Mena , Morgan Vincent Hochstetler ( departed in 2009 to go to college ) and Edwin Chapa ( who was replaced by current drummer Arnie Bernal in 2009 ) for the remaining spots in the band .
The wavy line separating the bottom symbolizes the river Elbe .
Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987 , and released her debut album in 1989 .
Rolling Stone 1997
Niobe is also mentioned in Sophocles 's Antigone where , as Antigone is marched toward her death , she compares her own loneliness to that of Niobe .
Grieg is renowned as a nationalist composer , drawing inspiration from Norwegian folk music .
Galton had a prolific intellect , and produced over 340 papers and books throughout his lifetime .
The band and its membership went through a number of re-configurations between 1968 and 1974 , achieving their current form when Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974 , two weeks before the group 's first U.S. tour .
Stated otherwise , a function is invertible if and only if its inverse relation is a function on the range Y , in which case the inverse relation is the inverse function .
Archaic letters List of Cyrillic letters Cyrillic digraphs Using the Cyrillic alphabet navbox This is a simple navigation table , as seen on the right .
Nevertheless in religious respect , Buxtehude remained a part of the Diocese of Verden until Catholic affinity faded in the Reformation with that diocese remaining vacant since 1644 .
Since very few actual implementations of heat engines exactly match their underlying thermodynamic cycles , one could say that a thermodynamic cycle is an ideal case of a mechanical engine .
This epidemic , often referred to as Great Plague of Milan , claimed the lives of approximately 280,000 people , with the cities of Lombardy and Venice experiencing particularly high death rates .
Guthrie is a city in Todd County , Kentucky , United States .
He is the head coach of the French national team , having replaced Raymond Domenech in the wake of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
The show was created by David Eick and Ronald D. Moore as a re-imagining of the Battlestar Galactica television series from 1978 created by Glen A. Larson . The series first aired as a three-hour miniseries ( comprising four broadcast hours ) in December , 2003 on the Sci-Fi Channel , and ran for four seasons thereafter , ending its run on March 20 , 2009 .
Peter Doherty ( born 12 March 1979 ) is an English musician , writer , artist and poet .
Blue Jays will use these calls to band together to mob potential predators such as hawks and drive them away from the jays ' nests .
Penelope Taynt - Penelope Taynt , also played by Amanda Bynes , is Amanda 's intelligent and mischievous self-proclaimed number one fan .
The province of West Pakistan was created on 14 October 1947 by the merger of the provinces , states and tribal areas of the western wing .
The nasal cavity is enclosed by the nasal bone above .
The first blast took place at 17:26 local time right in the middle of the courtyard next to Wazoo Khana which comprises a pond where worshippers wash their hands and feet before offering prayers , and the second a few metres away seven minutes later .
The energy spectrum of a system with energy levels is said to be quantized .
La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
SearchingFor more information about searching Wikipedia , see Searching .
The two clans of gods fought battles , concluded treaties , and exchanged hostages ( Freyr and Freyja are mentioned as such hostages ) .
Lying along the Indian Ocean to its southeast and at the equator , Kenya is bordered by Somalia to the northeast , Ethiopia to the north , Sudan to the northwest , Uganda to the west and Tanzania to the south .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French ( which was restarted in December 2006 ) .
He also made appearances on various television shows , including Nash Bridges , The Pretender , The Practice , The X-Files , ER and The O.C. .
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein ( & ndash ; ) was a Russian pianist , conductor and composer .
The screenplay , written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples , is based loosely on the novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
The cerebral cortex of the human brain contains roughly 15 -- 33 billion neurons , perhaps more , depending on gender and age , Pelvig et al. , 2008 linked with up to 10,000 synaptic connections each .
Interstate 76 ( I-76 ) is an Interstate Highway that runs from Interstate 70 in Arvada , Colorado ( near Denver ) to an intersection with Interstate 80 near Big Springs , Nebraska .
After a series of illnesses he died on the evening of 13 December 1784 , and was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Broom may also refer to :
The is a period of Japanese history that marks the governance by the Kamakura Shogunate , officially established in 1192 in Kamakura by the first shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo .
The Ottauquechee River ( pronounced AWT-ah-KWEE-chee ) is a river , about 40 miles ( 65 km ) long , in eastern Vermont in the United States .
It is also the county seat of Lehigh County .
Kiana is a city in Northwest Arctic Borough , Alaska , United States .
Where an article is about something obviously important , but was written with too much COI to easily edit , it is often possible to reduce the article to basic identifying information , and then neutral editors can help improve the article .
Le Mesnil-sur-Blangy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Notes See also Annunciation Avatar , the Hindu idea of a deity 's '' descent '' or incarnation upon a world God-man ( mystic ) Seven Joys of Mary Seven Sorrows of Mary External links The Seven Ecumenical Councils , from the Nicene and Post-Nicene Fathers , vols .
Helianthus annuus , Sunflowers , are annual plants native to the Americas , that possess a large inflorescence ( flowering head ) .
On the 25th June 2010 , Yvette Fielding announced via the Antix Productions website that she is to step down as presenter of Most haunted .
Furthermore , it is possible to add a book title and change the ordering of the wiki pages of the book ( see details of how to do this in the Advanced functionality section ) .
By Newton 's third law of motion , the stress vectors acting on opposite sides of the same surface are equal in magnitude and opposite in direction .
In line with recent work in swarm intelligence research involving optimization algorithms inspired by the behavior of social insects and animals such as fish , birds , and ants , recently there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for efficient fault-tolerant routing .
Central European Time ( CET ) is one of the names of the time zone that is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) .
It is revealed that Isabel Kabra was the one who caused Amy and Dan 's parents to die .
Chris Martin later revealed that the reviews that ranged from mixed to negative , note-worthy for their remarks on comparing it to U2 's How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb ( 2004 ) , made him feel '' liberated '' .
The chirp ( which only male crickets can do ) is generated by raising the left hind leg to a 45 degree angle and rubbing it against the right hind leg edge of the right hind leg , which has a thick scraper ( Berenbaum 1995 ) .
The speed of sound in gases increases roughly as the square root of temperature , but is nearly independent of pressure or density for a given gas .
Agnes Street-Klindworth had in 1853 arrived in Weimar , where she received lessons in piano playing from Liszt and lessons in composition from Peter Cornelius .
He had piano lessons when he was a teenager but admitted to hating them and never practising pieces because they were all classical music which he found boring .
Other champions in WWE include WWE Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio , who is in his second reign after winning the title from Chris Jericho at The Bash ( 2009 ) .
Sylvain Wiltord ( born May 10 , 1974 in Neuilly-sur-Marne ) is a French football forward whose parents come from Guadeloupe .
Flensburg ( , Low Saxon : Flensborg , North Frisian : Flansborj , South Jutlandic : Flensborre ) is an independent town in the North of the German state Schleswig-Holstein .
While per-capita , disposable income has increased 469 % since 1972 , it has only increased moderately when inflation is considered .
Birds find other ways to provide for each other , i.e. the evolution of flight opened new avenues for evolution to explore , initiating an adaptive radiation .
The movie was originally released in the U.S. in VHS format with the title , My Friend Totoro .
As well as being able to influence the color of light as it reflects off their skin , cuttlefish can also affect the light 's polarization , which can be used to signal to other marine animals , many of which can also sense polarization .
The Riverina has strong cultural ties to Victoria , and the region was the source of much of the impetus behind the federation of Australian colonies .
Pluto is not known to have any ring systems .
Metallica is the band 's best-selling album to date , with over 15 million copies sold in the United States and over 22 million copies worldwide .
Ministry of Finance ( MoF ) San José State University Department of Economics
mathfrak { P } 46 contains most of the Pauline epistles , though with some folios missing .
Osamu Taninaka ( born September 24 , 1964 ) is a former Japanese football player .
About half a mile south of The Nest , they found a new site , the home of the Boulton Paul Sports Ground in Carrow Road , which , on 1 June 1935 , the club purchased on a 20 year lease , from its owners J & J Colman .
Bali Tigers lived up to approximately 8-10 years of age .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
A controversy among the Baptists flared in 1887 with Spurgeon 's first '' Down-grade '' article , published in The Sword & the Trowel . In the ensuing '' Downgrade Controversy , '' the Metropolitan Tabernacle became disaffiliated from the Baptist Union , effectuating Spurgeon 's congregation as the world 's largest self-standing church .
Sexual reproduction is a process specific to eukaryotes , organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and mitochondria .
The multiplayer mode uses the wireless Download Play option to allow two to four players compete against each other using Yoshi -- character hats appear in the stage allowing players to transform into either Mario , Luigi , or Wario .
The band is best known for its elaborate sci-fi\/horror film inspired costumes , raunchy obscene lyrics , and graphic stage performances which consist of humorous re-enactments of politically and morally taboo themes .
The depression degenerated into a broad low-pressure area again before being absorbed by a cold front on September 4 .
Ramon Berenguer IV , Count of Barcelona conquers Tortosa from the Moors .
On the occasion of his 100th birthday , the book : Friedrich Hund : Geschichte der physikalischen Begriffe ( History of Physical Concepts ) ( Heidelberg , Berlin , Oxford ) , Spektrum , Akademie Verlag 1996 , ISBN 3-8274-0083-X was published .
Historically , Pakistan foreign policy has encompassed difficult relations with the Republic of India ; especially on the core-issue of Kashmir , over which it has fought two wars .
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a 2007 musical film directed by Tim Burton .
Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of France in the 1870s , and was soon in demand in Europe and the Americas .
The series commenced on a weekly broadcast from 19 June 2007 to 31 July 2007 and the team visited ( in order of broadcast ) Stoney Middleton , Nantwich , Castleton , Pluckley , Ruthin , Tutbury , Tarvin , and Bakewell .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 109 seconds ( a gigasecond ) and 1010 seconds ( 31.7 years and 317 years ) .
Partition With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947 , Lahore Division itself was divided among the two countries .
The Rainbow jersey is the distinctive jersey worn by the reigning world champion in a bicycle racing discipline .
Almas Tower has 74 floors , 70 of which are commercial alongside four service floors .
The dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the Indus River for irrigation , flood control , and the generation of hydroelectric power .
Beaver is a town in Carroll County , Arkansas , United States .
During World War II , the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Malaya , culminating in the Battle of Singapore .
David Ben-Gurion 1886 - 1973 14 May 1948 26 January 1954 Mapai 2 .
From 1947 to 1948 , soon after the Partition of India and of the Indian Army , the two new armies fought each other in the First Kashmir War , beginning a bitter rivalry which has continued into the 21st century .
Males produce a complex whale song , which lasts for 10 to 20 minutes and is repeated for hours at a time .
The other is related to latex allergies and causes urticaria and potentially serious upper gastrointestinal symptoms .
Alessandro Altobelli ( born 28 November 1955 in Sonnino , Latina ) is an Italian former professional footballer .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
They played 2009 Vans Warped Tour on the Skullcandy and Hurley.com stages .
The watershed begins at Red Box Saddle near Mount Wilson in the Angeles National Forest of the San Gabriel Mountains .
While the highway is short , it is a very important corridor , serving as a fast route from Tucson and Phoenix ( via Interstate 10 ) to the Mexican Border .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
Weber accepted the invitation , and in 1826 he traveled to England , to finish the work and conduct the premiere on 12 April .
The Mirror was the first UK paper to adopt the appearance of the New York tabloids .
Methodological Naturalism and Philosophical Naturalism : Clarifying the Connection (/O2000/O) , Barbara Forrest , Retrieved 2007-05-20 .
A tropical cyclone seriously affected Puerto Rico on September 22 .
In the fall of 1946 , following the baseball season , Robinson returned home to California and briefly played professional basketball for the short-lived Los Angeles Red Devils .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
Wrigley Field and Wrigleyville The Cubs have played their home games at Wrigley Field , also known as '' The Friendly Confines '' since 1916 .
They are concentrated in the Dutch provinces of Friesland and Groningen and , in Germany , East Frisia and North FrisiaInterfriesischer Rat / Ynterfryske Rie - Start .
Henry I the Fowler ( or Heinrich der Vogler ; ) ( 876 2 July 936 ) was the duke of Saxony from 912 and king of the Germans from 919 until his death .
He currently manages Korea Republic national under-20 football team .
Carmen Mary Lawrence ( born 2 March 1948 ) , is an Australian politician ; a former Premier of Western Australia and the first woman to become Premier of a State of the Commonwealth of Australia .
The bassoon is a woodwind instrument in the double reed family that typically plays music written in the bass and tenor registers , and occasionally higher .
bar :1861 at :7403 fontsize : XS text : 7403 shift : ( -8,5 )
Tehsils may contain villages or municipalities .
Acute mania in bipolar disorder is typically treated with mood stabilizers and\/or antipsychotic medication .
The Nissan Skyline ( in Japanese ) is a line of compact cars originally produced by the Japanese carmaker Prince Motor Company starting in 1957 and subsequently by Nissan after the two companies merged in 1966 .
During his years teaching at the college , he translated textbooks in French , Italian , and Spanish ; his first published book was in 1833 , a translation of the poetry of medieval Spanish poet Jorge Manrique .
The United States Environment Protection Agency For manufacturers , this includes planning for , and if necessary , paying for the recycling or disposal of the product at the end of its useful life .
Administration The Tate receives annual funding from the Department for Culture , Media & Sport .
He was released on 17 April 1954 from Loos prison .
Although the first had been built about 1,500 BC , hillfort building peaked during the later Iron Age .
Pascal did manage to produce one more movie , Androcles and the Lion , in 1952 .
Berwickshire or the County of Berwick ( Scottish Gaelic Siorrachd Bhearaig ) , is a registration county , a committee area of the Scottish Borders Council , and a lieutenancy area of Scotland , on the border with England .
The Texas flag is known as the '' Lone Star Flag '' ( giving rise to the state 's nickname '' The Lone Star State '' ) .
The Free City of Danzig ( ; ) was a semi-autonomous city-state that existed between 1920 and 1939 , consisting of the Baltic Sea port of Danzig ( today Gda sk ) and surrounding areas .
This poison dart frog is confirmed to have killed humans who touched the wild frog directly .
While playing with the Saint-Hyacinthe Laser , Brodeur made the QMJHL All-Rookie team and the QMJHL 2nd All-Star Team in 1992 .
Roy , Olivier .
However , these English colonists of the Virginia Company of London left the area , as they were under orders to seek a site further inland which would be more sheltered from ships of competing European countries .
Despite this , there are still obvious differences between eastern and western Berlin .
Jean appears to Cyclops , and as the two kiss , Jean changes and kills Cyclops .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 32 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
In Asylum , Nyssa shares an adventure with the Fourth Doctor from a time before he met her , the Doctor having been tracking a change in history which has somehow led him to Nyssa 's futuristic Home . This adventure leaves Doctor with the knowledge that he will have to be extremely careful dealing with Nyssa when they eventually meet to avoid changing history while ensuring she survives to meet him in his past .
Owner Paul Stoddart claimed to have had 41 approaches to buy the team , but preferred to sell it to someone who could ` take it further ' than he could and who would maintain it in its traditional base in Italy .
Each child , including the girls , was taught to read as soon as they could walk and talk .
The Scarlet Sails celebration is the culmination of the White Nights season , the largest public event anywhere in Russia with the annual estimated attendance about one million people , most of whom are students from hundreds of schools and colleges , both local and international .
Kim Jong-Song ( born 23 April 1964 ) is a retired North Korean football player who played for North Korea in 1992 AFC Asian Cup .
The novel , published in 1929 , described the experiences of German soldiers during World War I/O. A number of similar works followed ; in simple , emotive language they described wartime and the postwar years .
Foregoing the usual tribal council , Tom voted Ian out of the game on the spot .
The examinations There are two different types of the examination : The WASSCE ( December ) : Also known as the GCE by its old name ( General Certificate Examinations ) , both private and public students are eligible to sit for this examination , and uniforms are not compulsory .
The Bavarian State Opera is an opera company based in Munich , Germany .
( born September 14 , 1986 ) is a Japanese pop singer associated with Hello !
Prospero and one thousand other nobles have taken refuge in this walled abbey to escape the Red Death , a terrible plague that has swept over the land .
Her husband was the composer Robert Schumann .
Oberon ( ) , In US dictionary transcription , .
Larry Griffin ( September 23 , 1954 -- June 21 , 1995 ) was sentenced to death for the murder of 19-year-old Quintin Moss .
Battle of Kennagal : The Hoysala Empire defeats the Chalukya .
It is located on the shores of Lake Nero in Yaroslavl Oblast , 202 km to the north east of Moscow .
Ditmar Jakobs ( born 28 August 1953 in Oberhausen ) is a former German soccer player .
Outside Italy , dry pasta is frequently made from other types of flour ( such as wheat flour ) , but this yields a softer product that can not be cooked al dente the same way . There are many types of wheat flour with varying gluten and protein depending on variety of grain used .
The first capital of Gujarat was Ahmedabad ; the capital was moved to Gandhinagar in 1970 .
Milan Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Milano ; Milanese : Domm de Milan ) is the cathedral church of Milan in Lombardy , northern Italy .
As a young boy Gianlorenzo Bernini ( 1598 - 1680 ) visited St. Peter 's with the painter Annibale Carracci and stated his wish to build '' a mighty throne for the apostle '' .
Thomas Myhre ( born 19 January 1973 in Sarpsborg , Norway ) is a Norwegian international football goalkeeper .
A short tail and long , narrow wings with four long , finger-like feathers , and a shorter fifth , give it a very distinctive appearance .
Since its introduction the class has been successful and has been sold to British and other European railway companies . In Continental Europe it is marketed as the EMD Series 66 ( JT42CWR ) .
In its formative years the Co-operative Party was defensive , almost exclusively concerned with the trading and commercial problems of the co-operative movement .
A more traditional ` unprogrammed ' Quaker Meeting group known as the Whitleaf Meeting meets in the Mendenhall Building on the Whittier College campus every Saturday morning .
'' Soldier '' peaked at number 1 in Canada and Denmark and number 3 in the United States , where it became the group 's tenth and final consecutive top hit , number 4 in the UK , which makes T.I. 's & Lil Wayne 's first top 5 hit in the UK and peaked within the top 5 in New Zealand , Denmark , Ireland , Israel , Finland , Italy , Greece and Switzerland .
In that year the administration was moved to Unna , when the district name also changed to Unna to reflect the new administrative centre .
The Hair follicle is a skin organ that produces hair .
Browning is also known for his footwork .
In 2002 Grass returned to the forefront of world literature with Crabwalk ( Im Krebsgang ) .
She was the first woman to play full time professional hockey in a position other than goalie .
At peak times , 43 trains should be available in service , an increase of 6 trains over the current number of 37 units .
Minot is also home to Minot State University , the third largest university in the state .
Types of phases Distinct phases may be described as different states of matter such as gas , liquid , solid , plasma or Bose -- Einstein condensate .
Its fossils have been found in Egypt , Niger and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert .
Similarly , some railway timetables show 00:00 as departure time and 24:00 as arrival time .
Historically , calculus was called '' the calculus of infinitesimals '' , or '' infinitesimal calculus '' .
From such a perspective , in different research contexts complex systems are defined on the basis of their different attributes .
Eugen Jochum ( 1 November 1902 -- 26 March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
Founded in 1876 , Prairie View A&M University is the second oldest state-sponsored institution of higher education in Texas .
In a conversation with the Viennese regional leader of publisher Arovell , Ebner revealed the hidden meanings of his characters ' names .
The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery in China .
He has appeared in more than 60 movies , composed about 1,000 songs ( including at least 150 in English , 100 in Italian , 70 in Spanish , and 50 in GermanTableau des équivalences ) , and sold well over 100 million records .
Cocoa is the dried and fully fermented fatty seed of the cacao tree , from which chocolate is made .
Stage 1.5 can contain any drivers needed and so easily loads Stage 2 .
Unisport FC de Bafang is a football club based in Bafang in Cameroon 's West Province .
Historically , two temples stood at this location and functioned as the center of ancient Jewish worship .
It is about tall and the seeds grow in pods , usually with two seeds in each .
They were also used in many camps across America as places to buy snacks , items and souvenirs .
.
Woodward is a city in and the county seat of Woodward County , Oklahoma , United States .
Pakistan is the second largest Muslim country in terms of population ( after Indonesia ) , and its status as a declared nuclear power , being the only Islamic nation to have that status , plays a part in its international role .
Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available .
The London Borough of Richmond upon Thames ( ) is a London borough in south west London , UK , which forms part of Outer London .
Adaptive optics should not be confused with active optics , which works on a longer timescale to correct the primary mirror geometry .
November 7 , 1994 32 The Wine Cellar It is Sylvia 's 50th birthday , and Fran is the hostess .
Because the platelet patch can become too large and also block blood flow , locally and downstream , aspirin is also used long-term , at low doses , to help prevent heart attacks , strokes , and blood clot formation in people at high risk for developing blood clots .
Although it was written and published first , it is second in the series ' internal chronological order , after The Magician 's Nephew .
Benozzo Gozzoli ( c. 1421 & ndash ; 1497 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence .
The game was developed by THQ 's Sandblast Games studio for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles .
With the creation of the creed , a precedent was established for subsequent general ( ecumenical ) councils of Bishops ( Synods ) to create statements of belief and canons of doctrinal orthodoxy -- the intent being to define unity of beliefs for the whole of Christendom .
Sun Yat-sen ( 12 November 1866 12 March 1925 ) was a Chinese revolutionary and political leader .
The '' 90210 '' in the title refers to the city 's ZIP code .
After World War I the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Weimar Germany and fought both for and against the state .
Aung San was the father of Nobel Peace laureate and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Argon ( ) is a chemical element represented by the symbol Ar .
For example , '' Two Timer '' was listed at 2:59 and '' Ladies in Waiting '' was listed at 2:47 .
The first version of the license was revised , and the resulting licenses are more properly called modified BSD licenses .
This formal language expresses natural numbers , well-formed addition statements , and well-formed addition equalities , but it expresses only what they look like ( their syntax ) , not what they mean ( semantics ) .
A majority of the planet 's solid surface is abyssal plain , at depths between 4000 and 5500 m ( 13,000 to 18,000 ft ) below the surface of the oceans .
The London Borough of Camden ( ) is a borough of London , England , which forms part of Inner London .
Last of the Summer Wine premiered as an episode of Comedy Playhouse on 4 January 1973 and the first series of episodes followed on 12 November 1973 .
She was religiously a Sunni Muslim .
F.C.
All telephones have a microphone to speak into , an earphone which reproduces the voice of the other person , a ringer which makes a sound to alert the owner when a call is coming in , and a keypad ( or in older phones a telephone dial ) to enter the telephone number of the telephone being called .
Some of those moments include Razor Ramon losing a match unexpectedly to The Kid or Marty Jannetty beating Shawn Michaels to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship .
Rather , the pain is caused by disturbance of the pain-sensitive structures around the brain .
Fans are encouraged to sing along .
Novazzano is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Mindroling in India In 1965 , Khochhen Rinpoche and small group of monks began the process of re-establishing Mindroling monastery located near Clement Town , in Dehra Dun , Uttarakhand state , India .
In 1995 , at the invitation of Cardinal Basil Hume , the cathedral was visited by HM The Queen , the first visit of a reigning monarch of the United Kingdom to a Catholic liturgy for several hundred years .
It is during this era of the Marathi theater that great singer-actors like Bal Gandharva , Keshavrao Bhosle , Bhaurao Kolhatkar and Deenanath Mangeshkar thrived .
Union general and politician James Baird Weaver said that the book convinced him to become active in the abolitionist movement .
Galametz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
, better known by her stage name Brooke Hogan , is an American singer , actress , model , socialite , and television personality , and the oldest child of professional wrestler Hulk Hogan ( Terry Gene Bollea ) .
According to people close to Frunzik , he suffered from severe depression in the last few years of his life , and became a heavy alcohol drinker .
A sculptor , Domingo Taleru , secured him a pension to allow him to attend the Academy of Barcelona .
Yaoundé became the capital of French Cameroon , and continues today as the capital of the Republic of Cameroon .
The Cat Who Played Brahms (/O1987/O)
Hooker played slide guitar on the 1962 Muddy Waters recording '' You Shook Me '' .
RP = Received Pronunciation ( England ) .
Virginia Museum of Natural History , Martinsville , VA. .
The word originates from the ancient Greek city-states , which developed during the Archaic period , the ancestor of city , state and citizenship , and persisted ( though with decreasing influence ) well into Roman times , when the equivalent Latin word was civitas , also meaning ` citizenhood ' , while municipium applied to a non-sovereign local entity .
Holst had originally asked Clifford Bax to write the libretto , but Bax declined .
As of the 2002 census , 12,392 people resided in the city .
You can also use the standard watch list editor if this format is not suited to you .
It has also become well-known as an international chess mecca , due to the fact that its President , Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , is the head of the International Chess Federation ( FIDE ) .
Data are in millions of international dollars ( rounded to the nearest 100 million ) and were compiled by the World Bank .
The American Federation of Musicians defines arranging as '' the art of preparing and adapting an already written composition for presentation in other than its original form .
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison ( July 25 , 1775 - February 25 , 1864 ) , wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison , was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband 's one-month term in 1841 , but she never entered the White House .
It serves intercity routes to London Euston , Birmingham New Street , South Wales , the south coast of England and Cornwall , Edinburgh and Glasgow Central in Scotland , and routes throughout northern England in addition to the Manchester Metrolink light rail system .
Marolles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Brunswick became a popular place to settle in upon the completion of the local highway system in the Capital District , especially the upgrade of Route 7 into a four-lane highway in the 1980s .
'' And did those feet in ancient time '' is a short poem by William Blake from the preface to his epic Milton a Poem .
Composers came from all over Europe to study with him , and his standards were high both for singing and composition .
The term jargon can , and often does , have pejorative connotations , particularly when aimed at '' business culture '' ( especially when in forms bordering on slang or buzzwords ) .
The new lineup recorded a new full-length album , Rise to Your Knees , in mid-to-late 2006 .
From the advent of very-large-scale integration ( VLSI ) computer chip fabrication technology in the 1970s until about 1986 , advancements in computer architecture were done by increasing bit-level parallelismDavid E. Culler , Jaswinder Pal Singh , Anoop Gupta .
The Bathurst 1000 ( currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 ) is a touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Koxinga was son of a former merchant who styled himself as a Ming Dynasty loyalist ; he hoped to marshal his troops on Taiwan and use it as a base to regain mainland China for the Ming Dynasty .
In 1962 he obtained a private airplane pilot license and took tours to Olduvai .
Thus pain and pleasure act as checks on each other : '' To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things that , in other contexts , they would shy away from : run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
During the process that led to the autonomy of this region , the old rivalry between Toledo and Madrid resurfaced ; as capital of Spain , Madrid was to enjoy a degree of self-government , whereas Castilians demanded absolute equality amongst the constituent provinces of the community , and thus excluded Madrid from their project of self-government .
A website is hosted on a computer system known as a web server , also called an HTTP server , and these terms can also refer to the software that runs on these systems and that retrieves and delivers the web pages in response to requests from the website users .
In early March 2007 , German tabloid Bild-Zeitung carried a quote by animal rights activist Frank Albrecht who said that Knut should have been killed rather than be raised by humans .
Samir Nasri ( born 26 June 1987 ) is a French professional footballer of Algerian heritage who plays for Arsenal in the Premier League and for the French national team .
When no help was forthcoming and the armies of the combined nations occupying Warsaw to compel by force of arms the calling of the assembly , no alternative could be chosen save passive submission to their will .
Besides English , Spanish , French , German , Navajo and other Native American languages , all other languages are usually learned from immigrant ancestors that came after the time of independence or learned through some form of education .
As of 2007 , a maximum of one on-ice official can be inducted in one year .
The Venus of Tan-Tan is an alleged artefact found in Morocco .
In 1409 it housed Pope Alexander V and Louis of Anjou .
It has no recognized educational accreditation in any of these places .
The Indianapolis Colts are a professional American football team based in Indianapolis , Indiana .
In 2003 , the album was ranked number 332 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time .
Accommodation , a linguistics term meaning grammatical acceptance of unstated values as in accommodation of presuppositions
The term has no official ranking status in botany ; the term refers to the collective descendants produced from a common ancestor that share a uniform morphological or physiological character .
Its capital is the city of Ica .
He is the Chairman of the National Defense Commission , Supreme Commander of the Korean People 's Army , and General Secretary of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( the ruling party since 1948 ) .
August 28 -- Emperor Go-Reizei of Japan ( d. 1068 )
In Spain and Portugal , pigs are still turned loose in dehesas ( large oak groves ) in the autumn , to fill and fatten themselves on acorns .
In 1922 he was invited to come to the United States and to join the Phipps Psychiatric Clinic at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland .
It is a Linux distribution based on Kanotix , which is based on Debian GNU/Linux testing .
A gas cape was a voluminous military garment designed to give rain protection to someone wearing the bulky gas masks used in twentieth century wars .
In Europe , the grammar school or academy existed from as early as the 16th century ; public schools or fee paying schools , or charitable educational foundations have an even longer history .
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire , from its division by Diocletian in 285 ; the other half of the Roman Empire was the Eastern Roman Empire , today widely known as the Byzantine Empire .
On August 23 , 2008 , they attended MNet 's 20 's Choice Awards 2008 , where they won the '' Hot New Star '' award .
Catherine Margaret Ashton , Baroness Ashton of Upholland , PC ( born 20 March 1956 ) is a British Labor politician who has been the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy of the European Union ( EU ) since 1 December 2009 when the post was created .
Oulchy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Acetobacter is a genus of acetic acid bacteria characterized by the ability to convert ethanol to acetic acid in the presence of oxygen .
Several distinct dog breeds are used as sled dogs , however , dog drivers have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreeds as sled dogs .
In 2010 , Dr Pepper was part of a marketing\/promotional campaign with Marvel Studios to promote the summer blockbuster Iron Man 2 ; characters from the film adorned cans of Dr Pepper , Diet Dr Pepper , and Dr Pepper Cherry .
In human anatomy , the main role of the carpus is to facilitate effective positioning of the hand and powerful use of the extensors and flexors of the forearm , but the mobility of individual carpal bones increase the freedom of movements at the wrist .
Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited , operating as Dragonair , ( ) is an international airline headquartered in Hong Kong ; with its corporate headquarters , Dragonair House , and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport .
Its capital is the city of Hyderabad .
When attached to the word stress , it literally means '' good stress '' . The term eustress was first used by endocrinologist Hans Selye in 1975 , when he published a model dividing stress into two major categories : eustress and distress .
Catoosa is an Inland seaport .
On 24 October 2003 Tabor appeared on Later With Jools Holland ( BBC TV ) , singing '' Hughie Graeme '' .
They were married on 22 June 2002 .
The flowers are 2.5 cm ( 1 in ) in diameter , are yellowish white with a light purple tinge on the margins .
She was the fifteenth and penultimate child of Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor , and of Maria Theresa , Empress of Austria .
The phrases '' pizza parlor '' , '' pizza place '' , '' pizza house '' and '' pizza shop '' are used in the United States .
Queen Christina of Sweden ( 1632 -- 1654 ) .
Unna is a town of around 67,000 people in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , the seat of the Unna district .
Indeed , despite all claims to the contrary , there is no question that Persian influence was paramount among the Seljuks of Anatolia .
Marinetti launched the movement in his Futurist Manifesto , which he published for the first time on 5 February 1909 in La gazzetta dell 'Em ilia , an article then reproduced in the French daily newspaper Le Figaro on 20 February 1909 .
Damageplan released its debut album New Found Power in the United States on February 10 , 2004 , which debuted at number 38 on the Billboard 200 , selling 44,676 copies in its first week .
LG News Archives - LG Global Site Images of the device appeared on websites such as Engadget Mobile on December 15 , 2006 .
Irina Eduardovna Slutskaya ( , pronounced ; born February 9 , 1979 ) is a Russian figure skater .
In 1905 , he described it as consisting of a spherical and a rod-like lactic acid bacteria .
The Thelema Society , also located in Germany , accepts Liber Legis and much of Crowley 's work on magick , while incorporating the ideas of other thinkers , such as Friedrich Nietzsche , Charles S. Peirce , Martin Heidegger , and Niklas Luhmann .
Political rights include natural justice ( procedural fairness ) in law , such as the rights of the accused , including the right to a fair trial ; due process ; the right to seek redress or a legal remedy ; and rights of participation in civil society and politics such as freedom of association , the right to assemble , the right to petition , and the right to vote .
Each PDF file encapsulates a complete description of a fixed-layout 2D document that includes the text , fonts , images , and 2D vector graphics which compose the documents .
Some animals , such as the tortoise , have both an endoskeleton and an exoskeleton .
( '' a times ten to the power of b '' ) , where the exponent b is an integer , and the coefficient a is any real number ( but see normalized notation below ) , called the significand or mantissa ( though the term '' mantissa '' may cause confusion as it can also refer to the fractional part of the common logarithm ) .
It is believed that C. megalodon became extinct in the Pleistocene , probably about 1.5 million years ago .
However , there are situations where legislation is made by other bodies or means , such as when constitutional law or secondary legislation is enacted .
The Turkic languages may be divided into six branches ( Johanson 1998 ) : Lars Johanson , The History of Turkic .
Gaetano Bresci ( November 11 , 1869 -- May 22 , 1901 ) was an Italian American anarchist who assassinated Italian King Umberto I . He is still considered a hero by many anarchists and republicans .
Flavors include peppermint , cinnamon , spearmint , wintergreen , and two sour flavors , cherry and apple .
Kyle has no biological siblings , but does have a younger adopted brother from Canada named Ike .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
Kalam Valley is a valley along the upper reaches of the Swat River in Swat , in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
About Wolong , Wolong National Natural Reserve .
Tallinn is the capital and largest city of Estonia .
In January 2009 , The Saturdays released their third single '' Issues '' .
Anton Julian Ferdinand ( born 18 February 1985 in Peckham , London ) is an English footballer .
The Touran launched in 2003 , being the first MPV from Volkswagen based on the Golf platform .
A paper mill is a factory devoted to making paper from vegetable fibers such as wood pulp , old rags and other ingredients using a Fourdrinier machine or other type of paper machine .
In the 1990s , the World Bank and the IMF forged the Washington Consensus , policies which included deregulation and liberalization of markets , privatization and the downscaling of government .
He was Chief Conductor of the Netherlands Radio Orchestra until 1983 . While Downes worked with many of the world 's symphony orchestras , he enjoyed a particularly long relationship with the BBC Philharmonic ( formerly the BBC Northern Symphony Orchestra ) , serving as its Chief Guest Conductor , then Principal Conductor , and finally as Conductor Emeritus .
When Miss Hoover returns to class , Lisa is devastated to lose her most positive adult role model .
It was named for Waightstill Avery , a colonel in the American Revolutionary War and the first Attorney General of North Carolina ( 1777-1779 ) .
There are eleven colleges and universities among Omaha 's higher education institutions , including the University of Nebraska at Omaha .
The video stars The Lonely Island members Andy Samberg , Jorma Taccone and , briefly , Akiva Schaffer , and also features guest appearances by Justin Timberlake , Molly Sims and Jamie-Lynn Sigler .
These territories are remnants of the British Empire , which at its height in 1922 encompassed almost a quarter of the world 's land surface , the largest empire in history .
The show revolves around a corporation running numerous underground establishments ( known as '' Dollhouses '' ) across the globe which program individuals referred to as Actives ( or Dolls ) with temporary personalities and skills .
It is near the Cordillera de la Costa ( Coastal Mountain Range ) which rises to in altitude .
Airdrie United Football Club are a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Airdrie , North Lanarkshire .
Even before news of the defeat at Ticinus had reached Rome , the senate had ordered the consul Sempronius Longus to bring his army back from Sicily to meet Scipio and face Hannibal .
The Indies is a term that has been used to describe the lands of South and Southeast Asia , occupying all of the present India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Nepal , Sri Lanka , the Maldives , and also Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Vietnam , Brunei , Singapore , the Philippines , East Timor , Malaysia and Indonesia .
Jacques Cartier departs from Saint-Malo , France on his third voyage .
Due to its location on the main north-south route through the country and the road to Northern Rhodesia ( now Zambia ) , Lilongwe became the second largest city in Malawi . In 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
Drenthe , consisting mostly of heathland , has no significant rivers or lakes .
Arab-plan mosques were constructed mostly under the Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties ; subsequently , however , the simplicity of the Arab plan limited the opportunities for further development , the mosques consequently losing popularity .
( See also : Data dependency ) If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time , giving an ILP of 3\/2 .
Felipe Massa (/O3/O)
It has since then evolved into a modern art form .
From 1923 he was Fullerian professor of chemistry at the Royal Institution and director of the Day Faraday Research Laboratory .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland 's national stadium .
Based on recent studies which present us with approximations based on contemporary languages and Coptic evidence , the reconstructed , correct pronunciation of her name is thought to be * ( '' - uesat '' ) .
In 1993 they began working on demos , recording Flyswatter in Scott Raynor 's bedroom .
In mathematics , a Fermat number , named after Pierre de Fermat who first studied them , is a positive integer of the form where n is a nonnegative integer .
The population was 3,060 at the 2000 census .
Its full official names are '' Papal Basilica of Saint John Lateran '' , '' Archbasilica of the Most Holy Saviour and of Saints John the Baptist and the Evangelist at the Lateran '' , '' Cathedral of Rome '' .
It was launched on 2 November 1936 as the BBC Television Service , and was the world 's first regular public television service with a high level of image resolution .
The other suborder of Carnivora is Caniformia ( '' dog-like '' carnivores ) .
Since 2000 , the metropolitan counties have been used as the areas of joint Local Transport Plans .
Im m Reza shrine ( in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of Im m Ridh , the eighth Im m of Twelver Shi'ites .
Accumulated cyclone energy ( ACE ) is a measure used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to express the activity of individual tropical cyclones and entire tropical cyclone seasons , particularly the North Atlantic hurricane season .
Positioned in the middle of a desert , there were worries that sand would blow onto the circuit and disrupt the race .
Kobayr ( ) is a 12th century Armenian monastery located in the village Kober within Lori marz , Armenia .
The shortest distance across the strait is from the South Foreland , some 4 miles ( 6 kilometres ) north east of Dover in the county of Kent , England , to Cap Gris Nez , a cape near to Calais in the French of Pas-de-Calais , France .
Acritarchs include the remains of a wide range of quite different kinds of organisms - ranging from the egg cases of small metazoans to resting cysts of many different kinds of chlorophyta ( green algae ) .
The Afrikaans Wikipedia ( Afrikaans : Afrikaanse Wikipedia ) is an Afrikaans language edition of the Web-based free-content encyclopedia Wikipedia .
Outside the United States of America , muffin can also refer to a disk-shaped muffin , usually called an English Muffin outside of England .
At the same time a sort of industrial parliament was established at the Luxembourg Palace , under the presidency of Louis Blanc , with the object of preparing a scheme for the organization of labour .
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
However , many anomalies exist when determining '' developed '' status by whichever measure is used .
To the surprise of the men garrisoned in the Alamo , on February 23 , a Mexican army , led by General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna , arrived .
The modern sport of American Handball is similar in context and rules to both Irish and Scottish versions played from the 13th century in Scotlandhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.handball.org/info.html and 14th century in Ireland .
The main religions of the Punjab region are , in order of population , Islam , Sikhism and Hinduism .
Stone Temple Pilots can trace its beginnings to a Black Flag concert in Long Beach , California in 1986 , where Scott Weiland met Robert DeLeo .
Monson has received three honorary doctorates and serves as Chairman of the Church Boards of Trustees\/Education of the Church Educational System .
The Alps and Massif Central mountains constitute a physical barrier between Italy and France and the rest of Europe .
Last release : 20080720 launched , July 2008 , it includes Fedora 9 plus all updates as of July 18th , 2008 .
Vera Ellen Wang ( ; born June 27 , 1949 ) is a Chinese American fashion designer based in New York .
Webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris , Linux and other Unix-like systems , although recent versions can also be installed and run on Windows [ ] .
Auschwitz ( ; ) was a network of concentration and extermination camps built and operated in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during the Second World War .
-- )
Takeshi Koshida ( born October 19 , 1960 ) is a former Japanese football player .
The office was formerly filled by the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands ; now , however , Grand Masters are chosen by the Sovereign .
One of his stories , '' The Nightingale '' , was a written expression of his passion for Lind , and became the inspiration for her nickname , the '' Swedish Nightingale '' .
Vucheva , Elitsa and Renata Goldirova ( 2007-12-14 ) EU agrees on Kosovo mission , EU Observer The EU has stated its mission will be legally based on United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 , which introduced the international rule of Kosovo in 1999 .
Residents of Kingsport are served by the Kingsport City Schools public school system which operates seven elementary schools , two middle schools , and one high school .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
His films have earned him an Academy Award , a Golden Globe , a BAFTA and a Palme d'Or and he has been nominated for Emmy and Grammy awards .
XVII No. 99 1928 or termenvox \/O/ thereminvox is an early electronic musical instrument controlled without contact from the player .
Juaye-Mondaye is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
During the April 1944 battle Odessa suffered severe damage and many casualties .
Broccoli is classified in the Italica cultivar group of the species Brassica oleracea .
He is also the owner of the music label Epitaph Records and sister-labels ANTI- , Burning Heart Records , Fat Possum Records , and Hellcat Records .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a town on the Calder Highway in the Macedon Ranges of Victoria , Australia .
The town was granted a Royal Charter in 1450 , making the Town of Strathaven a burgh of barony .
The stones themselves are used as large markings on the ground .
The east end was rebuilt in 1860 .
Charles gave Rollo the title of duke and granted him and his followers possession of Normandy .
They use a quasi-telekinetic power , known as the Force , and weapons , known as lightsabers , which emit a controlled energy flow in the shape of a sword , to serve and protect their Republic and the whole galaxy from conflict or government instability .
DUMBO , Brooklyn , a neighborhood in New York City
In the session of the League of Nations on December 15 , 1928 in Lugano Stresemann formulated a furious charge against Poland because of these crimes which were well known to the League of Nations .
The 2004/05 season of the Divizia A began in July 2004 and ended in June 2005 .
Human sexuality can be described as the way someone is attracted another person of the opposite sex ( heterosexuality ) , to the same sex ( homosexuality ) , or attracted to both sexes ( bisexuality ) .
She released her first kids ' DVD , Rockin ' with Roseanne : Calling All Kids , that month . Roseanne 's return to the stage culminated in an HBO Comedy Special Roseanne Barr : Blonde N Bitchin , which aired November 4 , 2006 , on HBO .
Pikmin grow , like plants , from seeds planted in the ground .
When It 's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up is the second album by the indie rock group Snow Patrol , released on 24 April 2001 in the UK and 5 March in the USA .
On this day , the President directs that the American flag be flown at half-staff at individual American homes , at the White House , and on all U.S. government buildings and establishments , home and abroad .
Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that formed in Seattle , Washington in 1990 .
However , he is not the youngest undisputed world champion due to the split of the World Chess Championship .
Cowboy guitar blended with Asian influence produced the atmospheric background for the series .
Villnachern is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Tando Adam Khan
Some of his teachers at Brown were Frank Rothman , Ken Miller , Susan Gerbi and Nelson Fausto .
The event motivated Jackie to pursue his athletic career at the nearby University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , where he could remain closer to Frank 's family .
President Gerald Ford then nominated him as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court in 1975 to replace Justice William O. Douglas , who had recently retired , and he took his seat December 19 , 1975 , after being confirmed 98 0 by the Senate .
The band contributed a song for the 1995 compilation album , ' , called '' Convicted '' .
McGraw is Italian , Irish , and French on his mother 's side and Scots-Irish descent on his father 's side .
Body language is a form of non-verbal communication , which consists of body posture , gestures , facial expressions , and eye movements .
Blount gave birth to Henry 's illegitimate son , Henry FitzRoy .
Cordey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Formed in 2001 , the group consists of vocalists Jake Shears and Ana Matronic , multi-instrumentalist Babydaddy , lead guitar\/bassist , Del Marquis , and drummer Randy Real who replaced former drummer Paddy Boom .
See also Celt Celtic mythology Celtic polytheism Modern Celts Polytheistic Reconstructionism Festivals Imbolc Beltane Lughnasadh Samhain References Further reading Celtic Reconstructionism Adler , Margot ( 1979 ) Drawing Down the Moon : Witches , Druids , Goddess-Worshippers , and Other Pagans in America Today Bonewits , Isaac ( 2006 ) Bonewits 's Essential Guide to Druidism .
The title '' Prime Minister '' had made its first formal appearance in the 1873 Schedule of the Civil List Act , but originally the Prime Minister was entitled Colonial Secretary or First Minister .
Major combat in the Chinese Civil War ended in 1949 with the Communist Party of China in control of mainland China , and the Kuomintang ( KMT ) retreating to Taiwan .
In the early 21st century , however , Lethbridge Transit introduced cross-town and shuttle routes , such as University of Lethbridge to Lethbridge College , University of Lethbridge to the North Lethbridge terminal , and Lethbridge College to the North Lethbridge terminal .
Cape Lookout is part of Carteret County , 11 miles southeast of Beaufort , NC .
Though playing an inferior team the Canadiens failed to score a goal , losing the game .
The British came to Odanilai with their cannons and found that all had vacated the palace .
Furthermore , the band 's acoustic live albums include The Naked Truth ( 1992 ) , Naked II ( 1997 ) and Naked III ( 2005 ) .
A posthumous name is an honorary name given to royalty , nobles , and sometimes others , in some cultures after the person 's death .
History Origin The WWE Championship was introduced in 1963 with Buddy Rogers becoming the inaugural champion on April 29 .
Overall he wrote four concertos for his instrument ( and many cadenzas for others ' works , including a large set published as his Opus 87 ) , as well as concertos for violin , cello , harp and flute .
He eventually opted to play for the German national football team after being qualified to play for Brazil , Hungary and Panama .
It was possibly of high significance during the Iron Age as it has two natural springs .
It and the Game Boy debuted in Japan on February 21 , 1989 , in the United States in July 31 , 1989 , and in Europe on September 28 , 1990 .
There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area , near the northern end of Kruger National Park .
Faculty of Arts and Sciences
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
It is the administrative center of the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Zhytomyr Raion ( district ) .
Green Day 's three follow-up albums , Insomniac , Nimrod , and Warning did not achieve the massive success of Dookie , though they were still successful , reaching double platinum and gold status respectively .
Sinhala has its own writing system ( see Sinhala alphabet ) which is a member of the Brahmic family of scripts , and a descendant of the ancient Indian Brahmi script .
from research by the Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev The Muscovite Vodka Museum reports that chemist Dmitri Mendeleev determined the ideal alcohol content as 38 % ; however , because in that time distilled spirits were taxed per their alcoholic strength , that percentage was rounded upwards to 40 % for simplified taxation calculations .
A style of glassblowing
In an essay written two years before dying , Dick described how he learned from his Episcopalian priest that an important scene in Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said -- involving its other main character , Police General Felix Buckman , the policeman of the title -- was very similar to a scene in the Book of Acts .
Charles '' Chuck '' Palumbo ( born June 15 , 1971 ) is an American professional wrestler , currently working for Nu-Wrestling Evolution ( NWE ) .
StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB , GRUB2 , Usplash and Splashy .
The two were merged into a Meguro ward for Tokyo City in 1932 and since then the ward has remained with no alterations to its territory .
Plaza ( ; ) is a Spanish word related to '' field '' which describes an open urban public space , such as a city square .
It is present in over 1,700 universities across the globe , provides more than 10,000 leadership experiences to its members and sends students and graduates on 10,000 international exchanges yearly .
He has a fondness for magical creatures .
Slavic languages are , on the other hand , more similar to Lithuanian .
Of the six planned volumes , only the first two were ever completed .
The area centred on Waipoua Forest , north of Dargaville , has been proposed as a possible Kauri National Park .
The Cardinals or Cardinalidae are a family of passerine birds found in North and South America .
Born in Colchester , Essex , England , Roger Penrose is a son of Lionel S. Penrose and Margaret Leathes .
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County , Texas within the Houston- Sugar Land- Baytown metropolitan area and is situated in Southeast Texas .
They are notable for their song '' Someone Like You '' off of their 2008 debut major label album Life Left to Go , and '' Anywhere But Here '' that was played in Kyle XY .
They were active in the early 15th century in France and Burgundy , working in the style known as International Gothic .
In 2003 , he initiated and conducted at the Mariinsky Theatre the first complete cycle of Wagner 's The Ring of the Nibelung to be performed in Russia for over 90 years .
The winner is the person who completes the course in the shortest time .
Males ( father platypuses ) are about one-third ( 1\/3 ) larger than females .
The 1989 film Winter People starring Kurt Russell and Kelly McGillis was filmed in Avery County .
Belbin and Agosto qualified for the 2002 Winter Olympics with a second place finish at the United States Figure Skating Championships , but were ineligible to compete there because the Canadian-born Belbin was not an American citizen . Instead , Belbin and Agosto were sent to all the other ISU Championships for which they were eligible : Four Continents , Junior Worlds , and Worlds .
Geopolitically and geographically all of Panama - including the segment east of the Panama Canal in the isthmus - is typically included in North America alone and among the countries of Central America .
Mr. T ( born Laurence Tureaud ; May 21 , 1952 ) is an American actor known for his roles as B. A. Baracus in the 1980s television series The A-Team , as boxer Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III , and for his appearances as a professional wrestler .
Mika Pohjola ( ( born December 1 , 1971 ) is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
Since then , he has gone on to place second at the 2005 Canadian Guitar Festival 's Fingerstyle Guitar Championship and first place in the 2006 competition .
After reading the last book , where Harry and his friends do indeed survive and have children , Radcliffe stated he was glad about the ending and lauded Rowling for the conclusion of the story .
Hassiotis , M. , Paxinos , G. , and Ashwell , K.W.S. 2004 .
While Joacim was drinking with his girlfriend in a rock club he had been frequenting for over a decade , he was attacked by an unidentified person who hit him in the head with a beer glass and hastily escaped .
It is usually topped with thinly chopped scallions .
Most visibly , there were numerous improvements in other human rights , such as the freedom of speech .
After a career in foreign exchange Key entered the New Zealand House of Representatives in 2002 representing the Auckland constituency of Helensville , a seat that he has held since then .
Wikispecies is a wiki-based online project supported by the Wikimedia Foundation .
Spencer Compton , 1st Earl of Wilmington KG , KB , PC ( 1673 -- 2 July 1743 ) was a British Whig statesman who served continuously in government from 1715 until his death .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of Margaret , unique among the irregular satellites of Uranus , with inclination on the vertical axis and the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
At 10 pm on the night of April 18 , 1775 , Revere received instructions from Dr. Joseph Warren to ride to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the British approach .
The Indonesian government consented to withdraw its troops and allow a multinational force into Timor to stabilize the area .
The record attendance occurred on the 13th March 1954 , when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Heart of Midlothian .
A single sheet within a book is called a leaf , and each side of a leaf is called a page .
Tofu originated in the Han dynasty in ancient China .
The London Borough of Merton is a London borough in southwest London .
Static fluids support normal stress but will flow under shear stress .
James attended Redruth School , located in Redruth , Cornwall .
Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can not reproduce eukaryotic cells , eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
Their reasoning for this was that many of the tracks on the album , such as '' Tomorrow Never Knows '' , were too complex to perform with live instruments .
Three of the seven released soundtracks ( Hannah Montana , Hannah Montana 2\/Meet Miley Cyrus , and Hannah Montana : The Movie ) topped the U.S. Billboard 200 chart .
Dermott is a city in Chicot County , Arkansas , United States .
The traditional term covers such a range of different problems that to ascribe symptoms to '' rheumatism '' is not to say very much .
The Libyan Premier League ( ) is the highest division of Libyan football championship , organised by Libyan Football Federation .
Brentwood College School is a co-educational boarding school that focuses on preparing students for the challenges of post-secondary education .
Although Descartes views on this were challenged by Blaise Pascal , he declined to overturn the traditional belief , commonly stated in the form '' Nature abhors a vacuum '' .
Although Komodo dragons eat mostly carrion , they will also hunt and ambush prey including invertebrates , birds , and mammals .
It derives its name from the barges ' carrying salt on the Salzach River , which were subject to a toll in the 8th century , as was customary for many communities and cities on European rivers .
The film employs make-up , animatronics and CGI effects to bring to life its creatures .
While he does not directly discuss 0.999 ... , he shows the real number 1\/3 is represented by 0.333 ... ; ... 333 ... which is a consequence of the transfer principle .
Les Aulneaux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The final edition of Nitro aired on March 26 , 2001 .
The Brooklyn Excelsiors were the first team to wear what would later become the baseball cap , with its distinctive rounded top and peak , in the 1860s .
Grade 3 Braille is a system that includes many additional contractions , almost a shorthand ; it is not used for publication , but is used mostly for individuals for their personal convenience .
Regardless of the FP rate , an incorrect change could render text nonsensical .
Luc-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Adam Nyerere Bahner ( born July 6 , 1982 ) , better known by the pseudonym Tay Zonday , is an American musician , Youtuber and voice actor .
He also remained Minister for Finance of Griffith 's republican administration .
In 2009 , he admitted to using steroids from 2001-2003 , during his time with the Texas Rangers , in order to his skill .
After the King 's supremacy over the Church of England was declared by Parliament in 1534 , Cromwell supervised the Church from the unique posts of vicegerent for spirituals and vicar general .
In 1999 , Rattle was appointed as successor to Claudio Abbado as the orchestra 's principal conductor .
Strathmoor Manor is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Messina ( , Sicilian : Missina ) is the third largest city on the island of Sicily , Italy and the capital of the province of Messina .
Some cases of diabetes are caused by the body 's tissue receptors not responding to insulin ( even when insulin levels are normal , which is what separates it from type 2 diabetes ) ; this form is very uncommon .
Their marriage ended in 1964 , and in that same year , Davis married Ashraf Naini .
Hoboken is a southern district of the arrondissement and city of Antwerp , in the Flemish Region of Belgium .
The Aztec Empire rises in the early 15th century and seems on the path to asserting a dominance over the whole region not seen since Teotihuacan , when Mesoamerica is discovered by Spain and conquered by the conquistadores and a large number of native allies .
Henry 's successor , Richard I '' the Lion Heart '' ( also known as '' The absent king '' ) , was preoccupied with foreign wars , taking part in the Third Crusade and defending his French territories against Philip II of France .
It is the seat of the Catholic diocese of Regensburg .
Jura , Scotland , Scottish island , in the Inner Hebrides where Isle of Jura Single Malt Whisky is distilled
After intense negotiations with the family ( who were reluctant to sell the deteriorating vehicle for what they said were sentimental reasons ) , Lightbourn was finally able to return the Orbitron to the United States .
The National Space Science Data Center serves as the permanent archive for NASA space science mission data .
He designed the German Empire in 1871 , becoming its first Chancellor and dominating its affairs until he was removed by Wilhelm II in 1890 .
It was formed from parts of the historic counties of Gloucestershire and Somerset , together with the City of Bristol .
Kim Clijsters was the defending champion , and successfully defended her 2009 title , after she won 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 , against Vera Zvonareva in the final .
And the Yuna River has been filling the Samana Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port .
The Underground station is closed to all passengers until December 2011 while refurbishment and major engineering works take place .
Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The libretto for The Seasons was provided to Haydn , just as with The Creation , by Baron Gottfried van Swieten , an Austrian nobleman who had also exercised an important influence on the career of Mozart .
Oklahoma City Community College & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
Theorems are often described as being '' trivial '' , or '' difficult '' , or '' deep '' , or even '' beautiful '' .
History The river was named for former deposits of bluish-green clay , no longer visible , along the banks of the river .
It consists of both covers and the bands ' own songs .
Events By place Roman Empire The Roman war against Numidia and Mauretania ends with their annexation .
Idomeneo , re di Creta ossia Ilia e Idamante ( Italian for Idomeneo , King of Crete , or , Ilia and Idamante ; usually referred to simply as Idomeneo , K. 366 ) is an Italian language opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
References are scattered through the Qur ` an , with the fullest account in surah Hud ( 11:27 -- 51 ) .
Sir Donald George Bradman , AC ( 27 August 1908 -- 25 February 2001 ) , often referred to as The Don , was an Australian cricketer , widely acknowledged as the greatest batsman of all time .
The term Mormonism derived from the Book of Mormon , one of the faith 's religious texts along with the Bible .
Square ( band ) , a musical trio from Lincoln , Nebraska
Lil Jon is a fan of Atlanta Thrashers , a hockey team of the NHL and writes a blog on the NHL website NHL.com .
In 2001 Terry Gilliam selected it as one of the ten best animated films of all time and in 2005 Time.com named it one of the 100 best movies of the last 80 years .
Geographic Distribution Bambara is a national language of Mali , and also the most widely understood language in Mali .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland 's national stadium .
Madeline Zima as Zoey Martin
The Turkic languages may be divided into six branches ( Johanson 1998 ) : Lars Johanson , The History of Turkic .
In some remote areas of Austria the referendum on the independence of Austria on 13 March had been held despite the Wehrmacht 's presence in Austria ( it took up to 3 days to occupy every part of Austria ) .
Many disaster films focus on this theme , which is predominant within many survival stories .
The university is co-educational and comprises the Suffolk University Law School , the Suffolk College of Arts and Sciences , the Sawyer Business School , and the New England School of Art and Design at Suffolk University ( NESAD ) It has three international campuses in addition to the main campus in downtown Boston .
Bo Diddley ( December 30 , 1928 -- June 2 , 2008 ) was the stage name for Ellas Otha Bates , an American rock and roll vocalist , guitarist , songwriter , and inventor .
Ferrari successfully defended their Constructors ' title .
She is married to the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Tony Blair ; the couple have 3 sons and 1 daughter .
Phineas and Ferb ( also known as Disney 's Phineas and Ferb ) is an American animated television series .
Originally a gatehouse was a fortified structure built over the gateway to a city or castle .
While Maraamu only sent down one or two people at a time , Rotu went down in groups .
