The flag of Germany is a tricolour consisting of three equal horizontal bands displaying the national colours of Germany : black , red and gold .
The member of the Government responsible for steering legislation through the House is Leader of the Government in the House of Commons .
Danny Grant , Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished the feat since then .
It was founded in 1758 by Pasquale Paoli to create a port that would not be in the hands of the Genoese like Calvi .
Debuts followed at the Vienna State Opera in 1999 as Count Almaviva in Il barbiere di Siviglia and at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 2002 , again as Count Almaviva .
Among psychologists , the term may refer specifically to psychotherapy or '' talk therapy '' .
When she was thirteen years old , Anna went with her father and stepmother into the Ohio wilderness , where they settled at North Bend , Ohio .
After a handful of low key cassette releases , the label relocated to Cardiff and became a more serious concern , providing a launch-pad for several popular Welsh artists , including Llwybr Llaethog , Super Furry Animals and Gorky 's Zygotic Mynci .
He is currently the principal conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony in Gothenburg , Sweden , and music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic in Los Angeles , California .
The geology of the region includes mostly limestone , and has the East Midlands Oil Province .
Elkton is a city in and the county seat of Todd County , Kentucky , United States .
Inspired by the Cincinnati Red Stockings , the stocking colors of teams in the 1860s onward were a principal device in distinguishing one team from another ( hence team names such as Chicago White Stockings , St. Louis Brown Stockings ( or Browns ) , etc. ) .
This new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form , as non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state , and again numbering 17 provinces , though not all the same as the 16th century ones .
L.L. Ivanov , Toponymic Guidelines for Antarctica , Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria , Sofia , 1995 .
It was ported to the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on December 14 , 2001 ; North America on September 15 , 2002 ; Australia on October 17 , 2003 ; and Europe on September 24 , 2004 .
Neoprene in general has good chemical stability , and maintains flexibility over a wide temperature range .
The Detroit Wolverines were a 19th century baseball team that played in the National League from 1881 to 1888 in the city of Detroit , Michigan .
James Emory '' Jimmie '' Foxx ( October 22 , 1907 -- July 21 , 1967 ) ( nicknamed Double X and The Beast ) was an American first baseman and noted power hitter in Major League Baseball .
Breakfast sausage ( or country sausage ) is a type of fresh pork sausage usually served at breakfast in the United States .
The 1845 Narrative , which was his biggest seller , was followed by My Bondage and My Freedom in 1855 . In 1881 , after the Civil War , Douglass published Life and Times of Frederick Douglass , which he revised in 1892 .
Brayton is a city in Audubon County , Iowa , United States , along the East Nishnabotna River .
It is part of the Dothan , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The group Liberty and Law reported this remark to the Standards Board for England as a breach of its code , but the Board decided not to investigate it .
The first is a one-volume dictionary called Svenska Akademiens Ordlista ( SAOL ) .
The Alfa Romeo 155 is a compact executive car produced under the Italian Alfa Romeo marque between 1992 and 1998 .
Maelruanaidh MacDermot succeeds Aedh MacDermot as King of Moylurg in north-central Ireland .
He was part of the Japan national team for the 1956 Summer Olympics football competition in Melbourne .
In Japan there has been some negativity towards otaku and otaku culture .
Note , however , that contrary to some sites directed towards youth , Wikipedia does not have staff to patrol discussion pages or remove inappropriate comments ; it only has volunteer administrators , who may exclude people breaching civility rules , but who will not censor conversations , even if they deal with adult topics .
Baseball is a bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each .
Their third album , Goodbye Blues , was recorded in October and November 2007 in Los Angeles and was released March 18 , 2008 .
See also List of first ascents List of first ascents in the Alps List of first ascents in the Himalaya Alpinist Magazine Peter Mortimer 's First Ascent .
He also proved that larger populations carry more variation so that they have a larger chance of survival .
In May 2004 , it was announced that the series would be resurrected beginning in 2005 , and that Piper was to play the character Rose Tyler , a traveling companion to The Doctor ( to be played by Christopher Eccleston ) .
Gizeh is also a popular brand in Germany of cigarette rolling papers ; see Mascotte ( rolling papers ) .
DB Schenker is the freight logistics subsidiary of DB and one of the leading globally integrated logistics service providers .
A spider startles Hunter , who falls into a hole to the center of the Earth and into the subterranean world of Arachna .
The first European slave market for the sale of African slaves , the Mercado de Escravos , opens in Lagos , Portugal .
The site stretches from Orcombe Point near Exmouth in East Devon to Old Harry Rocks near Swanage in East Dorset , a distance of 153 k. Chartered in 2001 , the Jurassic coast was the second wholly-natural World Heritage Site to be designated in the United Kingdom .
He was also the test driver at the United States Grand Prix .
During that same year , the Greek cities in Sicily were induced to revolt against Roman political control , while the Macedonian king , Philip V , pledged his support to Hannibal -- thus initiating the First Macedonian War against Rome .
The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual , originating from the Rimo glacier , it flows in a southeasternly direction and joining the Pangong range , it takes a northwestern turn , flowing parallel to its previous path .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
BASF is the major employer in Freeport , as the company operates a large chemical plant complex in Freeport .
They have no intermediate hosts and are ectoparasitic on fish ( seldom in the urinary bladder and rectum of cold-blooded vertebrates ) .
Rivalries Swansea City 's main rivals are Cardiff City .
The Kingdom of Armenia was the first state to adopt Christianity as its religion when St. Gregory the Illuminator converted King Tiridates III and members of his court , an event dated to AD 301 .
The oldest ever verified military veteran is Emiliano Mercado del Toro of Puerto Rico ( 21 August 1891 -- 24 January 2007 ) who lived until he was 115 .
It is also the title for the soundtrack album to the feature film , released as part of the Beatles ' music catalogue .
Berlin had been part of the Province of Brandenburg since 1815 .
While the municipality itself ( city center ) has a population ( as of ) of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
Pennsylvanian -- Recent
The Internet Movie Database ( IMDb ) is an online database of information related to movies , television shows , actors , production crew personnel , video games , and most recently , fictional characters featured in visual entertainment media .
He returned to Japan only once , to marry his wife .
Due to a planned move to France , Marco2000 left Faker in 2000 just after the recording of the band 's debut Sound Out Loud EP and the band continued sans clavier .
Pattern matching is the act of checking for the presence of the constituents of a pattern , whereas the detecting for underlying patterns is referred to as pattern recognition .
( featured on the Help !
The Oder-Neisse line was later reaffirmed in the German-Polish Border Treaty , signed on 14 November 1990 by the FRG and Poland .
'' We reaffirm , as an essential foundation of the Information Society , and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers .
Greek historians greatly contributed to the development of historical methodology .
Tabs are the primary component of Chrome 's user interface and as such , have been moved to the top of the window rather than below the controls .
The family of flavors range from highly acidic and somewhat bitter to sweet and tart .
He currently plays for J. League side Urawa Red Diamonds .
Areas larger than 10 km2
He plays in England for Blackpool .
Prior to this date , Constantius II ( 337-361 ) and Valens ( 364-378 ) had personally favored Arian or Semi-Arian forms of Christianity , but Valens ' successor Theodosius I supported the Trinitarian doctrine as expounded in the Nicene Creed from the 1st Council of Nicea .
A younger brother was also born to the family on 28 August 1867 , but died the following year .
Ants have colonised almost every landmass on Earth .
The Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro ( , acronym PUC-Rio ) is a private non-profit Pontifical University in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Transperth brand was launched in 1986 as part of a series of reforms integrating Perth 's public bus , ferry and rail services .
Dryden was born in Hamilton , Ontario , the son of Murray and Margaret Dryden and brother of Dave Dryden , also an NHL goaltender .
Aux armes , citoyens , To arms , citizens , Formez vos bataillons , Form your battalions , Marchons , marchons !
Radiant heating is a technology for heating indoor and outdoor areas .
Gujar Khan ( ) is a city in Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
She is the adoptive mother of actor Dylan McDermott , whom she adopted when he was 15 and she was 23 .
These are common in those sports and games where each match must involve a small number of competitors : often precisely two , as in most team sports , racket sports and combat sports , many card games and board games , and many forms of competitive debating .
Extant royal primogenitures styled as principalities include Asturias ( Spain ) , and Wales ( UK ) .
On either operating system , the iPod Touch must be connected through a USB port .
They brought with them a band of 250 warriors , formed of other exiles , landless cadets and similar adventurers .
Courtonne-la-Meurdrac is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
However , Donna returned as The Doctor 's sole full-time companion for the whole of the fourth series in 2008 , and reprised the role once more in the 2009-10 special The End of Time .
as of 2000 , there were 8 students from Sant ` Abbondio who attended schools outside the village .
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The small resort area of Virginia Beach grew in Princess Anne County , beginning in the late 19th century , particularly after the 1888 arrival of rail service and electricity and the opening of the original Princess Anne Hotel at the oceanfront near the tiny community of Seatack .
Euroa On the 10 December 1878 , the gang raided the National Bank at Euroa .
Princess Zelda is the name of a fictional character in The Legend of Zelda series of video games .
Muslim scientists used the Babylonian numeral system , and merchants used the Abjad numerals , a system similar to the Greek numeral system and the Hebrew numeral system .
Brains-sur-les-Marches is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The culture and architecture of Teotihuacan was influenced by the Olmec people , who are considered to be the '' mother civilization '' of Mesoamerica .
Stoke Fleming is a large village and civil parish on the A379 road and Start Bay , in the South Hams district , in the county of Devon , England . Stoke Fleming is located to the south of the town of Dartmouth .
Walnut , butternut ( Juglans )
Anthony Kiedis ( , ; born November 1 , 1962 ) is an American vocalist\/lyricist and occasional actor best known as the lead vocalist of the Grammy-winning American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers . Kiedis spent his youth in Grand Rapids , Michigan with his mother before moving , shortly before his 12th birthday , to Hollywood , California to live with his father .
Staten Island , New York , United States
A cue stick ( or simply cue , more specifically pool cue , snooker cue , or billiards cue ) , is an item of sporting equipment essential to the games of pool , snooker and carom billiards .
A CD single ( sometimes abbreviated to CDS ) is a music single in the form of a standard size Compact Disc , not to be confused with the 3-inch CD single , which uses a smaller form factor .
Ruch is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It may also mean : Bushido ( rapper ) , a German rapper .
Other Marvel characters in the Marvel Universe usually refer to the nameless team as '' the Pride 's kids '' or '' those kids in L.A. '' Vaughan even mocks the notion of superhero catchphrases such as '' Hulk smash ! ''
The officer had direct control only over Fort William , but supervised other British East India Company officials in India .
Named for him The U Thant Peace Award acknowledges and honours individuals or organizations for distinguished accomplishments toward the attainment of world peace .
In 1826 he was accepted as a child prodigy into the Royal Academy of Music , and remained a pupil of that institution for the next ten years , studying pianoforte under W. H. Holmes , violin under Spagnoletti and composition under William Crotch and then Cipriani Potter .
Tributaries include the Canadian River and the Cimarron River ( both flowing from northeastern New Mexico ) and the Salt Fork Arkansas River .
The Counter-Reformation was a comprehensive effort , composed of four major elements :
Bassoon double reeds are wider than oboe double reeds ; they 're also shorter and thus do not need such a tight embouchure in order to make a sound .
Born as Joseph Cooke and working in the coal mines of Silverdale , Staffordshire during his early life , he emigrated to Lithgow , New South Wales during the late 1880s , and became General-Secretary of the Western Miners Association in 1887 .
The nautical mile was originally defined as one minute of arc along a meridian arc of the Earth .
Upon Cnut 's death ( 12 November 1035 ) , Harold 's younger half-brother Harthacnut , the son of Cnut and his queen Emma of Normandy , was legitimate heir to the thrones of both the Danes and the English . Harthacnut , however , was unable to travel to his coronation in England because his Danish kingdom was under threat of invasion by King Magnus I of Norway and King Anund Jacob of Sweden .
The element mercury is an ingredient in dental amalgams .
At No Mercy , Orton was awarded the WWE Championship by Mr. McMahon after Cena was stripped of the title due to an injury the previous week , which also ended the Orton-Cena storyline prematurely .
The visual system is the part of the central nervous system which enables organisms to process visual detail , as well as enabling several non-image forming photoresponse functions .
The CHED was established on May 18 , 1994 through Republic Act No. 7722 or the Higher Education Act of 1994 which was authored by Senator Francisco Tatad .
Stade Rennais Football Club ( ; commonly referred to as Stade Rennais or simply Rennes ) is a French association football club based in Rennes .
Sci Fi ( now known as Syfy ) is owned by NBC Universal , parent company of USA Network and exclusive cable broadcaster of Raw .
Belleville ( French : '' Belle ville '' meaning '' Beautiful city '' ) is a Township in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The police briefly abandoned the field , but then a detachment of 280 soldiers , sailors and police reinforcements arrived from Sydney and stayed for a year .
Official ports are available for some Unix-like platforms , with work-in-progress ports to Classic Mac OS and Mac OS X , and unofficial ports have been contributed to platforms such as Symbian PuTTY for Symbian OS Forum Nokia Wiki - PuTTY for Symbian OS and Windows Mobile .
Ralph George Macchio ( born November 4 , 1961 ) is an American actor of Italian ancestry .
The Fiorino used the same engines as Fiat 127 .
Since the use of DDT has been limited or banned for agricultural use for some time , DDT may now be more effective as a method of disease-control .
Other famous painters apprenticed or associated with the workshop include Ghirlandaio , Perugino , Botticelli , and Lorenzo di Credi .
The center communicates Danish urban history to a wider audience on the internet through a website called The Digital City Gate which gives access to databases and presentations of Danish urban history with emphasis on the period from 1600-1900 .
The true hornets make up the genus Vespa and are distinguished from other vespines by the width of the vertex ( part of the head behind the eyes ) , which is proportionally larger in Vespa and by the anteriorly rounded gasters ( the section of the abdomen behind the wasp waist ) .
The European Red Deer is one of the largest game animals found in Southwestern Asia ( Asia Minor and Caucasus regions ) , North Africa and Europe .
A tropical rainforest is typically divided into four main layers , each with different plants and animals adapted for life in that particular area : the emergent , canopy , understory , and forest floor layers .
The latter name refers to the plants ' rush-like appearance , and to the fact that the stems are coated with abrasive silicates , making them useful for scouring ( cleaning ) metal items such as cooking pots or drinking mugs , particularly those made of tin .
The Saffir -- Simpson Hurricane Scale is a classification used for most Western Hemisphere tropical cyclones that exceed the intensities of tropical depressions and tropical storms .
The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat , meaning holy or majestic , and the Kashmiri word bal , ( bal is a corrupted form of Sanskrit Vala which means an enclosure ) meaning place .
The type has been produced in side valve , overhead valve and overhead cam configurations .
Anochetus pattersoni was discovered on 19 December 2005 by S.M. Goodman in the Seychelles and described by Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. in 2008 .
From the first law of thermodynamics , the energy output ca n't exceed the input , so
Bastet , the form of the name which is most commonly adopted by Egyptologists today , is only a modern convention , which offers one possible reconstruction .
Project Tiger , a wildlife conservation project , was initiated in 1972 and was launched by Indira Gandhi on April 1 , 1973 .
She gradually introduced the remaining operas which complete the Bayreuth canon of Wagner 's last ten completed operas .
'' She Will Be Loved '' is the third single from the Californian band Maroon 5 's 2002 debut album , Songs About Jane .
Most likely he was born at Venosa , then part of the Kingdom of Naples , but little else is known about his early life .
July 30 & ndash ; The first Defenestration of Prague occurs .
_ Day
Robert Ten Broeck Stevens February 4 , 1953 - July 21 , 1955 Dwight D. Eisenhower
Hurricane Keith , the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season , was a Caribbean hurricane that caused great damage across Belize and southern Mexico .
It has a population of 491,500 people and covers 47.9 sq miles .
Our heritage : the early years from the company 's corporate website
Faith Ford ( born September 14 , 1964 ) is an American television and film actress , known for playing the roles of Corky Sherwood on Murphy Brown and Hope Fairfield-Shanowski on Hope & Faith .
More recently another measure , the Human Development Index ( HDI ) , which combines an economic measure , national income , with other measures , indices for life expectancy and education has become prominent .
Although historians generally use Okakura 's dating , many historians of art and architecture prefer Sekino 's dating , and use the term '' '' to refer to the successive period .
Scientific synonyms include Syzygium jambolanum , Eugenia cumini and Eugenia jambolana .
Etz Hayim : Torah and Commentary .
Queyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
April 9 & ndash ; James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth , claimant to the thrones of England , Scotland , and Ireland ( d. 1685 )
they are used in the production of vinegar ( intentionally converting the ethanol in the wine to acetic acid ) ;
Botanical gardens or botanic gardens are generally well-tended parks displaying a wide range of plants labeled with their botanical names .
Popular science is a bridge between scientific literature as a professional medium of scientific research , and the realms of popular political and cultural discourse .
The fighting reached a peak in 2003 with the beginning of the Darfur conflict , in which the resistance coalesced into a roughly cohesive rebel movement .
Gonnehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In July 2008 , the Seattle SuperSonics , owned by a group of Oklahoma City businessmen led by Clayton Bennett , relocated to Oklahoma City and announced that play would begin at Ford Center as the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008 , becoming the state 's first permanent major league franchise .
Snow is an extremely rare event , which occurs once or twice in a century .
Hendrix 's body was returned to Seattle and he was interred in Greenwood Memorial Park , Renton , Washington .
They consider '' having some fun '' with the boys but do n't because they are afraid that Max 's father will get parole even though he 's serving a life sentence .
Females lay their pale green or cream colored eggs singly on host plant leaves and stems .
By the British Royal Proclamation of 1763 , Canada ( part of New France ) was renamed the Province of Quebec .
The storm weakened into a remnant low on October 14 .
Franco Baresi ( born May 8 , 1960 in Travagliato , province of Brescia ) is an Italian youth team coach and former football defender with Milan , acknowledged as one of the greatest defenders ever to play the game .
The next match was a triple threat Tag Team Championship match between the team of Rhyno and Chris Benoit , against the team of Los Guerreros ( Chavo and Eddie Guerrero ) , and the champions , Team Angle ( Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin ) .
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht ( 16 August 1897 , Zholkva ( ) , Austrian Galicia , Austria-Hungary ( now in Ukraine ) & ndash ; 8 May 1960 ) was a member of the United Nations ' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960 .
A widespread endemic disease that is stable in terms of how many people are getting sick from it is not a pandemic .
A car wash is a facility for cleaning automobiles .
A one-time pad uses a keystream of completely random digits .
Year 1443 ( MCDXLIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Robert Thurston ( '' Bob '' ) Dart ( 3 September 1921 -- 6 March 1971 ) , was a British musicologist , conductor and keyboard player .
The River Til runs through the village .
Pontiff , You are the vicar of Christ on earth , a rock amidst the waves , You are a beacon in the darkness ; You are the defender of peace , You are the guardian of unity , watchful defender of liberty ; in You is the authority .
It is also the administrative centre for the City of Latrobe .
Among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were Scandal , sex , lies , and videotape , Tie Me Up !
Trieste is located at the head of the Gulf of Trieste and throughout history it has been influenced by its location at the crossroads of Germanic , Latin and Slavic cultures .
Fallout is the residual radiation hazard from a nuclear explosion , so called because it '' falls out '' of the atmosphere after the explosion .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final of the Harry Potter novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Dresdner Bank attempted to get a banking operating license in Saint Petersburg , where former KGB agent Vladimir Putin was in charge of foreign economic relations .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
On the south of the valley lies the famous Tarbela Dam Jheel .
Georges Beuchat ( 1910 - 1992 ) was a French inventor , diver , businessman and emblematic pioneer of underwater activities and founder of Beuchat .
March 29 - Total solar eclipse ( Brazil , Greece , Mid Atlantic ocean , Sahara , Turkey , Georgia , Russia , Kazakhstan , Mongolia ) .
Elizabeth was born at Falkland Palace , Fife .
Split Tours is a Croatian tourist agency founded in 1992 .
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars , and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
Among athletes that Bowerman coached are : Steve Prefontaine , Kenny Moore , Bill Dellinger , Mac Wilkins , Jack Hutchins , Dyrol Burleson , Harry Jerome , Siegmar Ohlemann , Les Tipton , Gerry Moro , Wade Bell , Dave Edstrom , Roscoe Divine , Jim Grelle , Bruce Mortenson and Phil Knight .
JSPWiki is wiki software built around the standard J2EE components of Java , servlets and JSP .
Iraq Then and Now : A Guide to the Country and Its People pg 151Rome and Persia in late antiquity : neighbors and rivals 149 The Sassanids ' cultural influence extended far beyond the empire 's territorial borders , reaching as far as Western Europe , Durant , p. ?
Key lime juice , unlike regular lime juice , is a pale yellow .
It lies at an altitude of about 1,350 m ( 4,500 ft ) above sea level , in a warm , sheltered , fertile valley , surrounded by the hills of the Magaliesberg range .
February 14 , 1943 ) was a German mathematician , recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Lake Lucerne ( , lit .
Lechitic languages : Polish , Pomeranian\/Kashubian , Silesian , and the extinct Polabian
American Board of Internal Medicine The following are the subspecialties recognized by the American Board of Internal Medicine .
Damn Small Linux or DSL is a computer operating system for the x86 family of personal computers .
The Confederates had succeeded in holding the rail breastworks , yet had expended most of their ammunition in doing so .
Hurwicz was recruited by Walter Heller to the University of Minnesota in 1951 , where he became a professor of economics and mathematics in the School of Business Administration .
announcer Don Pardo , and Yankovic 's parents .
It is a main group metal in group 14 of the periodic table .
He was commander during the Battle of the Somme the battle with the highest casualties in British military history , the Third Battle of Ypres and the Hundred Days Offensive which led to the German surrender in 1918 .
Due to extensive property destruction the name Alicia was retired in the spring of 1984 , becoming the 30th storm name to be retired ; the name Alicia will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
William Alexander '' Bud '' Abbott ( c. 1897 -- April 24 , 1974 ) was an American actor , producer and comedian .
In the early 19th century the geography of Antarctica was almost completely unknown , though occasional sightings of land had been recorded .
They are often used for children 's enjoyment , but their usage in artistic performances shows that they can also be fascinating for adults .
Coincidentally , Class 115 units operated services under Table 115 in the British Rail timetable .
Economic recovery in the early 20th century was brought about by the silk and textile industry .
McIlrath is known to support animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band .
At the Golden Melody Award 2006 in Taiwan , whilst performing renditions of other male singers ' songs , she went off-key and was heavily lambasted in the Chinese pop media , which reported that she has shattered her image of a pop diva with great singing skills .
The second and third ranked suites were ESET Smart Security 2008 and Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 .
Rostov-on-Don has experienced considerable economic growth in recent years , as the Russian economy recovers nationwide .
For each EU member country , a hierarchy of three NUTS levels is established by Eurostat ; the subdivisions in some levels do not necessarily correspond to administrative divisions within the country .
Yuki Tazawa ( born July 16 , 1979 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Mazinho , real name Iomar do Nascimento , ( born April 8 , 1966 in Santa Rita ) , is a Brazilian football manager and former player , currently head coach of Greek club Aris Thessaloniki .
Pavarotti 's earliest musical influences were his father 's recordings , most of them featuring the popular tenors of the day - Beniamino Gigli , Giovanni Martinelli , Tito Schipa and Enrico Caruso .
Its capital is the city of Lucca .
It won all but three reward challenges , every Immunity Challenge , and the first tribal sweep on Survivor .
The role varies between countries , and in some cases there are multiple Secretaries of State in the government .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
SJSU sports teams compete in the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) at the NCAA Division I level .
In addition , he remained at his post as Finance Minister of Germany , which he had assumed in 1932 ( under Reich Chancellor Franz von Papen ) and held throughout the span of the Third Reich .
The name hassium was proposed by the officially recognised German discoverers in 1992 , derived from the Latin name for the German state of Hesse where the institute is located ( L. hassia German Hessen ) .
Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski ( ) is a Polish football club based in Grodzisk Wielkopolski , Poland .
Dmitri Leonidovich Radchenko ( ; born December 2 , 1970 in Leningrad ) is a retired Russian footballer , who played as a striker .
Khandi Alexander ( born September 4 , 1957 ) is an American dancer , choreographer , and film and television actress .
The documentary film Art Pepper : Notes from a Jazz Survivor , available on DVD , devotes much space to music from one of his late groups featuring pianist Milcho Leviev .
Following each discovery , engineering within the tunnels has become progressively more advanced .
Seaford is a city located along the Nanticoke River in Sussex County , Delaware .
Ahmad Shamlou has published more than seventy books : 16 volumes of poetry ; 5 anthologies of poetry ; 5 volumes including novels , short stories & screenplays ; 9 volumes of children 's literature ; 9 translations of poetry into Persian ; 21 novels translated into Persian ; 5 collections of essays , lectures and interviews ; 13 volumes ( to date ) of The Book Of Alley .
Hull , Massachusetts , in the USA is named after this city , as is Hull , Quebec , which is part of the Canadian national capital region .
Sainte-Marie-Laumont is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He has also written and starred in the TV shows TV Nation and The Awful Truth .
In the following nine seasons , Ipswich finished lower than sixth place in the First Division only once , in the 1977 -- 78 season .
Its foundation was in 1971 .
When the Woodlands Extension was opened in 1996 , the Branch MRT Line consisting of the route from Jurong East MRT Station to Choa Chu Kang MRT Station was integrated into the main line .
Fucking 's most famous feature is a traffic sign with its name on it , beside which tourists often stop to have their photograph taken .
She became violently anti-Bonapartist , and is said to have contemplated the assassination of Napoleon III .
Le Theil-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
There may be two subspecies of the siamang .
Ambroise Paré , French surgeon ( d. 1590 )
Odyssey Number Five won '' Album of the Year '' , '' Highest Selling Album '' , '' Best Rock Album '' , '' Best Cover Art '' , and '' Best Group '' at the ARIA Awards in 2001 .
Ascros is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
There was an earlier , agrarian cult of Sol Indiges ( '' the native sun '' or '' the invoked sun '' - the etymology and meaning of the word '' indiges '' is disputed ) .
After financial difficulties which led the club to be expelled from the Championnat in the 1998-99 season and to turn amateur , the club was reborn under the name '' Sporting Toulon Var '' , gaining three promotions in four seasons to reach the third division , where they played last season .
Etienne Franzi
Emmet Derby Boyle ( July 26 , 1879 -- January 3 , 1926 ) was a Governor of Nevada .
For highways in Austria , Germany and Switzerland the word Autobahn is used .
Marriage and family He married , in Brussels , on 2 July 1959 , Princess Donna Paola Margherita Maria Antonia Consiglia Ruffo di Calabria ( born 1937 ) .
He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
It became the first city in history destroyed by a nuclear weapon when the United States of America dropped an atomic bomb on it at 8:15 A.M. on August 6 , 1945 , near the end of World War II .
The toponym Mons Martis ( '' Mount of Mars '' ) survived into Merovingian times , Christianised as Montmartre , signifying ` mountain of the martyr ' ; it owes this name to the martyrdom of Saint Denis , who was decapitated on the hill around 250 AD .
Some focus on porting games from one system to another .
In jazz and popular music , the backing band or rhythm section may improvise the accompaniment based on standard forms -- in the case of a small blues band or jazz band playing a 12 bar blues progression -- or the band may play from a written arrangement in a jazz Big Band or in a musical theater show .
Aldwych tramway station ( not to be confused with Aldwych tube station ) was a tram stop underneath Kingsway , a road in central London .
He was also a compere of the Soviet State Variety Orchestra .
Their self-titled third studio album is set for release November 2nd , 2010 .
F.C.
HEADING External links
The scenic drive from Hobart , via the Tasman Highway to Sorell and the Arthur Highway to Port Arthur , takes around 90 minutes and covers approximately 96 km .
The vehicle 's most distinctive feature was its asymmetrical front end with red , green and blue tinted headlamps .
The number of Native Americans is increasing now in the U.S. by actual population growth , changing enrollment laws , and from the immigration from Latin America , especially from Mexico , though the term being applied to them is Hispanic .
For an official to be inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame , they must be retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee .
In antiquity it was often simply a wooden board on which the dead was placed , covered with a shroud .
The University of California , Berkeley ( also referred to as Cal , California , Berkeley , and UC Berkeley ) is a public research university located in Berkeley , California , United States .
After co-hosting What Not to Wear for five series and appearing on The Oprah Winfrey Show as style and make-over advisors , Woodall and Constantine moved to ITV to host Trinny & Susannah Undress ... in 2006 , and Undress the Nation .
James Edward Keeler ( September 10 , 1857 - August 12 , 1900 ) was an American astronomer .
Baseball shirts , pants , shoes , socks , caps , and glove are parts of baseball uniforms .
John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875 , by Mayor Eli Teed .
There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area .
The Province of Frosinone is a province in the Lazio region of Italy , with 91 comuni ( singular : comune ; see Comuni of the Province of Frosinone ) . Its capital is the city of Frosinone .
The southern herd migrates southward , and the majority of these elk winter on the National Elk Refuge , immediately southeast of Grand Teton National Park .
He is currently the Head of the Open Left project at the left leaning think tank Demos .
Church career Shearston returned to Australia in 1989 and is now an Anglican Church minister in rural Australia .
Linescio is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
His next opera , Les deux nuits (/O1829/O) was admired by Richard Wagner who praised '' the vivacity and the natural grace of the French spirit '' and who found inspiration in one of the marches for the Bridal Chorus in Lohengrin .
By the late 20th century yoghurt had become a common American food item and Colombo Yogurt was sold in 1993 to General Mills , which discontinued the brand in 2010 .
Corpse can refer to : The body of a dead animal , most frequently a human body .
Both the name and concept of the poltergeist became famous to modern audiences from 1982 in the Poltergeist movies , where poltergeist activity in a family home was caused by actual ghosts attracted to the youngest daughter .
La Capelle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Aeschylus traveled to Sicily once or twice in the 470s BC , having been invited by Hiero I of Syracuse , a major Greek city on the eastern side of the island ; and during one of these trips he produced The Women of Aetna ( in honor of the city founded by Hieron ) and restaged his Persians .
Quévy is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
In the United States , Patriot Day occurs on September 11 of each year , designated in memory of the 2,977 killed in the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Selected TV5 programs are shown in Singapore , Sydney , Hongkong and Canada via The Mabuhay Channel .
Instructors may have to alter some of the techniques and some equipment may also need changing to meet the individual 's need .
Beside Hungarian and Croatian , he spoke German , Spanish , English , French and Esperanto .
Ilian Stoyanov ( ) ( born January 20 , 1977 ) is a Bulgarian football player .
History The United Kingdom has had a continuous presence in the South Atlantic since 1833 when it reasserted sovereignty over the Falkland Islands .
Since the 1960s four of the five permanent members of the Security Council ( France , Russia , the United Kingdom , and the United States ) have always had a judge on the Court .
These are software programs designed to work on the target computer 's operating system .
It has been found that the reputed cataclysmic variable star CV Aquarii , discovered in 1934 , was actually a misidentification of 52 Europa .
CBC News : Corner Gas to end in spring 2009 , April 10 , 2008 .
The Order of Merit is a dynastic order recognizing distinguished service in the armed forces , science , art , literature , or for the promotion of culture .
Matilda of Flanders ( ; ) ( c. 1031 & ndash ; 2 November 1083 ) was the wife of William the Conqueror and , as such , Queen consort of the Kingdom of England .
The dead Japanese were buried in Cowra in the specially created Japanese War Cemetery .
Accessed January 4 , 2008 .
In 1980 , the first harbour crossing was made by an MTR train as the Kwun Tong Line was extended even further to Chater station , now known as Central station .
Aepyornis was the world 's largest bird , believed to have been over 3 m tall and weighing close to 400 kg ( 880 lb ) .
In 1882 , Ferdinand von Lindenmann proved that this is indeed impossible .
Although whale sharks have very large mouths , they feed mainly , though not exclusively , on plankton , microscopic plants and animals , although the BBC program Planet Earth filmed a whale shark feeding on a school of small fish .
The tubes of all albatrosses are along the sides of the bill , unlike the rest of the Procellariiformes where the tubes run along the top of the bill .
Version 5 , designed by John Kohl and Clifford Neuman , appeared as RFC 1510 in 1993 ( made obsolete by RFC 4120 in 2005 ) , with the intention of overcoming the limitations and security problems of version 4 .
Yemen is in the Middle East , in the south of the Arabian Peninsula , bordering the Arabian Sea , Gulf of Aden , and Red Sea .
They play in white shirt with two horizontal stripes , one red and one black , white shorts and socks .
Tobin suggested his currency transaction tax in 1972 in his Janeway Lectures at Princeton , shortly after the Bretton Woods system of monetary management ended in 1971 .
Each scenario then has a range of possible outcomes associated with it .
The district is named after Mir Jafar Khan Jamali , a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan and a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
The aircraft 's transponder was turned off and the aircraft deviated from the assigned flight path for four minutes , before air traffic controllers noticed at 08:51 .
Following the departure of founding member Syd Barrett in March 1968 , Waters became the band 's primary lyricist and conceptual leader until his own departure from the band in 1985 .
Sanders is a city in Carroll County , Kentucky , United States .
Muri bei Bern is a municipality in the district of Bern in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
Arbon is a municipality and district capital of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Apart from anime and games , Kanno also composes for live-action films and television commercials .
Dial-on-demand routing , a network-connection technique
He was educated by a private tutor in Basingstoke before going to Oriel College , Oxford .
Norman '' Normie '' Smith ( March 18 , 1908 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada -- February 2 , 1988 ) was a Vezina-winning goaltender for the Detroit Red Wings .
Once in the pouch , it fastens onto one of the two teats and starts to feed .
Although since 1976 the state Virginia law permitted school districts to implement 60 seconds of silence at the start of each school day , in 1985 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that an Alabama '' moment of silence or voluntary prayer '' law was unconstitutional , in the case Wallace v. Jaffree . In April 2000 , a new law came into being ; requiring all Virginian public school students to observe a moment of silence .
When countries form a monetary union , redenomination may be required . The conversion ratio is often not a round number , and may be less than 1 .
The title of the song is derived from this combination of the song 's philosophical and musical influences : Meher Baba and Terry Riley .
An oven used for heating or for industrial processes is called a furnace or industrial oven .
It is part of WWE 's '' classic four '' pay-per-views , along with WrestleMania , Survivor Series , and SummerSlam .
Grooved rails ( or girder rails ) are often used in order to make street running feasible .
Karma refers to the totality of our actions and their concomitant reactions in this and previous lives , all of which determines our future .
The first of its two dry docks was built by convicts and was completed in 1857 .
Although usually named together as the three giants of the High Renaissance , Leonardo , Michelangelo and Raphael were not of the same generation .
In 1572 the Ernestine lands were divided by his sons into the duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Gotha .
They are currently members of the Southern Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid that lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
Formerly known as The Lord Chamberlain 's Men during the reign of Queen Elizabeth , it became The King 's Men in 1603 when King James ascended the throne and became the company 's patron .
Effects of slavery Slavery has had a significant role in the economic development the New World after the colonization of the Americas by the Europeans .
Cubnezais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is often discussed in the context of pulmonary capillaritis .
Sutton , D. F. , Ancient Comedy : The War of the Generations ( New York , 1993 ) , p. 56 .
Progress in developing the land around Cranbourne was hampered by the Koo Wee Rup swampland .
Otto Struve ( August 12 , 1897 , Kharkov , Russian Empire - April 6 , 1963 , Berkeley , USA ) was a Russian- American astronomer of Baltic German ethnicity .
A camping site near McKillops Bridge provides an excellent site for swimming , launching canoes and rafting through the rugged gorges downstream , or the start for the 18km Silver Mine Walking Track and the short Snowy River Trail .
It was situated in Wednesfield in Staffordshire , England .
'' Spoonman '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden . Written by frontman Chris Cornell , '' Spoonman '' was released on February 15 , 1994 as the first single from the band 's fourth studio album , Superunknown ( 1994 ) .
Lilly announces she plans to take a break from acting , Zimbio Personal life Lilly was once married to Canadian hockey player Murray Hone .
The Dino Institute is the home of DINOSAUR , a thrill ride featuring a trip through time to the Late Cretaceous Period .
Frank Wells ( March 4 , 1932 -- April 3 , 1994 ) was an American entertainment businessman .
Pine Plains is a town in Dutchess County , New York , USA .
Philippe Troussier ( born on March 21 , 1955 in Paris ) is a former French football player and now a manager .
History Origins The city has Roman , Saxon and Viking connections .
Since the housing stock transfer in 2000 there have been considerable improvements to the quality of social housing in the city .
Located at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay , Osaka is the third largest city by population after Tokyo and Yokohama .
Sheikh Ahmed Ismail Hassan Yassin ( 1937 - 22 March 2004 ) was a founder of Hamas , an Islamist Palestinian paramilitary organization and political party . Yassin also served as the spiritual leader of the organization .
The success of A Farewell to Arms made Hemingway financially independent .
The West Islet consists of a single peak and features many caves along the coastline .
Due to political problems with North Korea , freight from South Korea must currently be shipped by sea to the port of Vladivostok to access the route .
Radio : Active ( typeset as Radio : ACTIVE ) is the fourth studio album by British pop punk band McFly , which also is the band 's first under their new , self created label , Super Records after leaving Island Records .
Carl Zimmer ( born 1966 ) is a popular science writer and blogger , especially regarding the study of evolution and parasites .
Bahawalpur ) is the capital city of Bahawalpur District located in Punjab , Pakistan .
One of Pollard 's attempts to advertise his stallion involved letting one of his ranch hands take the horse to a local jackpot roping .
or Kingdom of the Gepids , whose territory is composed of parts of modern day Romania , Slovakia , Hungary and Serbia .
Cazats is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Vaccinium arboreum ( Sparkleberry or Farkleberry ) is a species of Vaccinium native to the southeastern United States , from southern Virginia west to southeastern Missouri , and south to Florida and eastern Texas .
Although the majority of the forest areas around Pichilemu are covered with pine and eucalyptus plantations , a native forest ( now the Municipal Forest ) remains . It contains species such as Litres , Quillayes , Boldos , Espinos , and Peumos .
Two of these games are assigned on the basis of the teams ' final record in the previous season .
She joined cellist Yo-Yo Ma , violinist Itzhak Perlman , and clarinetist Anthony McGill , who performed '' Air and Simple Gifts , '' a new arrangement by John Williams based on the Shaker hymn Simple Gifts .
This category is for the true grasses , which are monocotyledonous plants in the Family Poaceae .
The Icelandic Commonwealth enters into a treaty establishing a union with Norway and acknowledges Norwegian King Haakon IV as its ruler .
Anko : Commonly known as ( sweetened ) red bean paste , while ingredients other than azuki are used on rare occasions .
The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00 .
Various companies profited from the attention surrounding Knut by developing themed products such as ringtones and cuddly toys .
The band released their debut album , All Killer No Filler in 2001 .
Francesco Totti , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , ( born 27 September 1976 in Rome ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who is the current captain of Serie A club Roma .
In this , '' knights '' on horseback representing different areas of the town charge at a wooden target attached to a carving of a Saracen king and score points according to accuracy .
The Nebula Award is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America ( SFWA ) , for the best science fiction\/fantasy fiction published in the United States during the previous year .
In 1857 , he started a charity organization called Spurgeon 's which now works globally .
Later a bushranger by the name of Curran was captured by the local constabulary and the town was calmed by the arrival of a local magistrate and more police .
Coussegrey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Clydesdale , the former Lanark district
They were responsible for gaining burgh of barony status for the town towards the end of the 15th century .
There are also some fictional books : The Empty Throne , The Huntress and The Sphinx , The Thief Of Hermes , and Prophecy of Darkness .
Nicola Legrottaglie ( born 20 October 1976 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.C. Milan as a central defender .
He gained fame playing for the Detroit Red Wings before tenures with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , Columbus Blue Jackets , and lastly the Washington Capitals .
Redruth is next to the main A30 road and thus has access to the main route out of the county as well as routes to the far West , North Cornwall , South East Cornwall and Plymouth .
However , aided by his old friend Ragozin and coach Abram Model , he leveled the score in Leningrad and the match was drawn .
Manures contribute to the fertility of the soil by adding organic matter and nutrients , such as nitrogen , that are trapped by bacteria in the soil .
Hardy was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the second round ( 41st overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .
The opposite of simplicity is complexity .
Research suggests that the closely related genus Fortunella ( kumquats ) , and perhaps also Poncirus and the Australian Microcitrus and Eremocitrus , should be included in Citrus ; most botanists now classify Microcitrus and Eremocitrus as part of the genus Citrus .
Survivor : The Australian Outback ( also called Survivor : Australia in later seasons ) is the second season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Entertainment Weekly ( C - ) EW.com
First day covers - ( FDCs ) - envelopes with stamps attached and canceled on the first day that the stamp was issued .
A mediawiki tag , brief message applied next to certain revisions by the software ; Talk page A page reserved for discussion of the page with which it is associated , such as the article page . Very confusingly , the link to a talk page is labeled '' discussion '' .
In her novel Gambhiri Ghara , she describes an unusual relationship between two people : a Hindu house wife of India and a Muslim artist of Pakistan .
Until recently , Walt Disney Feature Animation operated a studio out of Disney 's Hollywood Studios at the Walt Disney World Resort .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
Catalyst Lass : one of the Ninja 's most trusted deputies , Cat possesses the ability to convince others to share her interests ( thus being the catalyst for new hobbies and opinions ) .
Grey entries in the list represent supposedly unmaintained daemons .
Effry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Shirley suffered throughout her life from various neuroses and psychosomatic illnesses .
Gareth David-Lloyd ( born 28 March 1981 ) is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme Torchwood .
Orp-Jauche is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
During the following centuries , the chant tradition remained at the heart of Church music and served as the dominant platform for new performance and compositional practices .
The dynasty does not appear to have been Tamil in origin , although they rapidly adopted the local culture and the Tamil language .
By 1968 , the PLO and Israel were committing cross border attacks against each other .
Radon , a chemical element
Power was restored to parts of the plant from 20 March , but machinery damaged by floods , fires and explosions remained inoperable .
The Geo\/Chevrolet Prizm ( Chevrolet Prizm starting 1998 ) was a United States-market entry-level compact car from model years 1990 through 2002 .
Montmirail is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France .
Air New Zealand 's route network focuses on Australasia and the South Pacific , with long-haul services to Asia , Europe and North America .
Optical methods are first used in the creation of art .
Sometimes the hardened sugar on top will be caramelized , by igniting a thin layer of liqueur sprinkled over the top ( illustration ) .
One of Louis 's greatest legacies stems from his role in fostering field research of primates in their natural habitats , which he understood as key to unraveling the mysteries of human evolution .
Anna Moffo spent the last years of her life in New York City , where she died at the age of 73 , of a stroke following a decade-long battle with breast cancer .
A royal edict in France makes heresy punishable by death .
Bolivia : Sucre is still the constitutional capital , but most of the national government long abandoned that region for La Paz .
James Buchanan , Jr. ( April 23 , 1791 -- June 1 , 1868 ) was the 15th President of the United States from 1857 -- 1861 and the last to be born in the 18th century .
The most conspicuous sight is the red tower which was built in the late 12th or early 13th century as part of the city wall .
Their diet is omnivorous : they take a range of saps and exudates , lerps , and a high proportion of arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalypts : spiders , crickets , beetles , and the like .
Van Hool NV is a Belgian coachbuilder and manufacturer of buses , coaches , trolleybuses , and trailers .
The First Council of the Lateran confirms the Concordat of Worms and demands that priests remain celibate .
Classic smog results from large amounts of coal burning in an area caused by a mixture of smoke and sulfur dioxide .
In 1928-1929 he trained at Roosevelt Field on Long Island and became the youngest person in the United States to receive a commercial pilot certificate .
Most of this comes from Glamorgan in Wales ( Morganucodon watsoni ) , but fossils have also been found in the Yunnan Province in China ( Morganucodon oehleri ) , in various parts of Europe and North America and some at least closely related animals ( Megazostrodon ) are known from exquisite fossils from South Africa .
Bryan Anthony Smolinski ( born December 27 , 1971 ) is an American professional ice hockey center .
Other nearby towns include Haywards Heath to the northeast and Lewes , the county town of East Sussex , to the southeast .
Turkmenistan ( ; also known as Turkmenia , ) is a Turkic country in Central Asia .
Khulna Division is one of the seven divisions of Bangladesh and is located in the south-west of the country .
Maritato returned to the ring on September 6 in Binghamton , NY , wrestling for East Coast Pro Wrestling , teaming with CK Kross defeating Prince Akkanatan and King Kahlua , then for Jersey All Pro Wrestling on September 19 .
The Hilly Flanks hypothesis , proposed by Robert Braidwood in 1948 , suggests that agriculture began in the hilly flanks of the Taurus and Zagros mountains , where the climate was not drier as Childe had believed , and fertile land supported a variety of plants and animals amenable to domestication .
France has hosted events such as the 1938 and 1998 FIFA World Cups , and hosted the 2007 Rugby Union World Cup .
Dalek toys released in the 1970s included a new version of Louis Marx 's battery-operated Dalek ( 1974 ) , a '' talking Dalek '' from Palitoy ( 1975 ) and a Dalek board game ( 1975 ) and Dalek action figure ( 1977 ) , both from Denys Fisher .
In 1991 , Nilsson gave Esquire Jauchem permission to present his adaptation of The Point !
The film is titled Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief and was released in the United States on February 12 , 2010 .
The River Mersey begins in Stockport , at the confluence of the Rivers Goyt and Tame .
Flagellation or flogging is the act of methodically beating or whipping ( Latin flagellum , '' whip '' ) the human body .
Le Pas is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Angers and Normandy are captured by Philip II of France .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
Antimony trifluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula SbF3 . Sometimes called Swart 's reagent , is one of two principal fluorides of antimony , the other being SbF5 .
By 3 December they had reached the Goulburn River , which they were able to cross without a boat .
The district of Bolsover is notable for three sites of historical importance : Bolsover Castle , Creswell Crags ( home to Britain 's only known Palaeolithic cave art ) and Creswell Model Village , an example of early twentieth century design from the Model village movement .
In team sports , in American English , a shutout ( a clean sheet in association football ) refers to a game in which one team prevents the opposing team from scoring .
Construction work began in 1962 on the Walthamstow - Victoria section and continued until 1972 , when Pimlico station was opened .
Diessenhofen is a municipality in the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The Tundras are assembled in San Antonio , Texas , where production was consolidated in 2008 .
As one reviewer stated : The theme song , '' The Ballad of Serenity '' , was written by Joss Whedon and performed by Sonny Rhodes .
It is also a proof that all theoretically unbreakable ciphers must have the same requirements as the one-time pad .
Ernman represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow , Russia .
Recently , as part of political restructuring , the parliament has been shifted to Lilongwe and all parliament members are required to spend time in the new capital .
Abercrombie was the former name of the parish of St Monans , although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches .
bar :1861 text :1861
In 1924 , Simon 's aunt , a crossword puzzle devotee , asked Simon whether there was a book of these puzzles that she could give to a friend . Simon discovered that none had been published , and , with Schuster , launched a company to exploit the opportunity .
Hi-5 is known as a children 's pop music group as well as being a television show , much like peer children 's entertainers The Wiggles .
Vézilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Phishing protection now integrates with Mozilla Firefox .
The Kingdom of Prussia captures Jihlava .
Its capital is the city of Affoltern am Albis .
This energy aloft help to organize a surface low along the shear line early on August 2 , Tropical Prediction Center .
The Western Bloc or Capitalist Bloc during the Cold War refers to the powers allied with the United States and NATO against the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact .
Following a career as an Apostolic Delegate for West Africa and Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers , he took the lead in opposing the changes within the Church associated with the Second Vatican Council .
Samak Sundaravej ( June 13 , 1935 -- November 24 , 2009 ) ( ; RTGS : Samak Suntharawet ) was a Thai Chinese politician who briefly served as the Prime Minister of Thailand and Minister of Defense in 2008 , as well as the leader of the People 's Power Party in 2008 .
In a situation of fluid statics , the net upward buoyancy force is equal to the magnitude of the weight of fluid displaced by the body Note : In the absence of surface tension , the mass of fluid displaced is equal to the submerged volume multiplied by the fluid density .
As early as 1100 , Bishopwearmouth parish included a small fishing village at the southern mouth of the river ( modern day Hendon ) known as ` Soender-land ' ( which evolved into ` Sunderland ' ) .
As always , the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that years WrestleMania , ( in this instance : WrestleMania XXIV ) for his choice at either the WWE Championship , the World Heavyweight Championship , or the ECW World Championship .
She gradually gains more power , eventually ousting Dumbledore and seizing control of the school .
Theia 's mythological role as the mother of the Moon goddess Selene is alluded to in the application of the name to a hypothetical planet which , according to the giant impact hypothesis , collided with the Earth , resulting in the Moon 's creation .
On the other hand , block ASCII artists argue that if their art uses only characters of the computers character set , then it is to be called ASCII , regardless if the character set is proprietary or not .
Yaoundé was founded in 1888 by German traders as a base for the ivory trade and an agricultural research station .
The municipality comprises the towns of Kasterlee proper , Lichtaart and Tielen .
Cedar Rapids is the second largest city in the U.S. state of Iowa and is the county seat of Linn County .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
Last of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that was broadcast on BBC One .
The series ended with 13 episodes in its only season .
Sherlock Holmes ( ) is a fictional detective created by Scottish author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
The second named storm of the season , Bret developed along a tropical wave on June 28 in the Bay of Campeche , and quickly intensified .
The Kindle hardware devices use E Ink brand electronic paper displays , and are able to download content over Amazon Whispernet using the Sprint EVDO network .
Tsuyoshi Kunieda ( born September 18 , 1944 ) is a former Japanese football player .
As part of this comeback , the Bears have appeared in two computer-animated movies : Journey to Joke-a-lot ( 2004 ) and Big Wish Movie ( 2005 ) .
It is attributed to the Hellenistic scientist Ctesibius of Alexandria , an engineer of the 3rd century BC .
His studies allowed him to produce his plays , which were released between c. 205 and 184 BC .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
Mathura ( , IAST : ' is a city in the North Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Orriule is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The core members include ( from largest to smallest ) :
Potassium permanganate , obtainable at pool supply stores , is used in rural areas to remove iron and hydrogen sulfide ( rotten egg smell ) from well and waste water .
The vagina is often typically referred to as the birth canal in the context of pregnancy and childbirth , though the term is , by definition , the area between the outside of the vagina and the fully dilated uterus .
Nomeclature Camogie/hurling is unique in that it uses a different name for the version played by men and women .
The music video for the song , directed by Chris Robinson , was nominated for '' Best Hip-Hop Video '' at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards , but it lost to Missy Elliott 's '' Work It '' .
And in Jesus Christ , his only Son , our Lord , : who was conceived by the Holy Spirit , : born of the virgin Mary , : suffered under Pontius Pilate , : was crucified , died and was buried .
A blood type ( also called a blood group ) is a classification of blood based on the presence or absence of inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells ( RBCs ) .
NCCI 2003 population estimates by district Most of the inhabitants are Sunni Muslims from the Dulaim tribe .
This means that the uncertainty principle is related to the observer effect , with which it is often conflated .
In the southeastern United States , the word barbecue is used predominantly as a noun referring to roast pork , while in the southwestern states , cuts of beef are often cooked .
However , the game world is not a true contiguous world , but rather 18 different maps separated by loading screens .
Fort Mitchell is an unincorporated community in Russell County , Alabama , United States .
In some countries , staple foods such as milk , flour and margarine are artificially fortified with vitamin D , and it is also available as a supplement in pill form . Food sources such as fatty fish , eggs , and meat are rich in vitamin D and are often recommended for consumption to those suffering vitamin D deficiency .
Tim Berners-Lee was born in London , England , on 8 June 1955 , the son of Conway Berners-Lee and Mary Lee Woods .
It follows the lives of the Martinis .
Major cities include the state capital of Thiruvananthapuram , Kochi , Kollam , Thrissur and Kozhikode .
DIA was preceded by the Counter Intelligence Corps .
When there is an excess of electrons , the object is said to be negatively charged . When there are fewer electrons than the number of protons in nuclei , the object is said to be positively charged .
January 8 & ndash ; Bonnie Prince Charlie occupies Stirling .
In all , White has appeared on over fifty albums with artists including John Lennon , George Harrison , Joe Cocker , Ginger Baker , and The Ventures .
The Suwannee River ( also spelled Suwanee River ) is a major river of southern Georgia and northern Florida in the United States .
The company specializes in enterprise operating systems , such as SUSE Linux Enterprise and Novell NetWare ; identity , security , and systems management solutions ; and collaboration solutions , such as Novell Groupwise and Novell Pulse .
In this part , the sound is only 4 km wide , hence the strategic importance of maintaining a sea fortress at this location commanding one of the few outlets of the Baltic Sea .
Ouendan while incorporating many of the improvements in gameplay made in Elite Beat Agents .
At international level , the International Orienteering Federation ( IOF ) defines rules and guidelines which govern four orienteering sports : foot orienteering , mountain bike orienteering , ski orienteering , and trail orienteering .
An ultrasonic cleaner works mostly by energy released from the collapse of millions of microscopic cavitations near the dirty surface .
though tar and inner bark ( used as a sweetener by Apache cuisines ) from pine trees is sometimes considered a spice as well .
Gameplay revolves around harvesting needed materials to build , defend oneself against enemies , and ultimately achieving one of the game 's endings .
Lauren Bacall as Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler
Designer labels on accessories are perceived by some as an indicator of social status .
Most bandleaders are also performers with their own band .
On July 12 , 2005 , Nathan announced that he was seeking re-election as President .
Pakistan 's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah and the former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf expressed a desire to develop Pakistan on the Turkish model of modernism and secularism .
Its speed can be adjusted .
A biologist is a scientist devoted to and producing results in biology through the study of life .
He was recognized early as a musical prodigy , but his parents were cautious and did not seek to capitalize on his abilities .
Rick Derringer - Lead Guitar on '' Exciter ''
Midsummer is celebrated in Finland and Sweden on the third Friday in June .
Since their arrival in 1980 , nearly 400 players have worn the Flames jersey for at least one regular season or playoff game .
By the mid-2nd millennium BC offshoots of the Proto-Indo-Europeans had reached Western Europe , Anatolia , the Aegean , Iranian plateau and later reach northern India .
While the corresponding northern-hemisphere continent Laurasia moved farther north , Gondwana drifted south .
On average , 10.1 named storms occur each season , with an average of 5.9 becoming hurricanes and 2.5 becoming major hurricanes ( Category 3 or greater ) .
Final storylines ( 2005 ) Following his feud with Rey Mysterio , Guerrero was named number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship and given a title match with Batista .
After the loved ones left , the players competed for Immunity .
The term McCarthyism , coined in 1950 in reference to McCarthy 's practices , was soon applied to similar anti-communist activities .
The population was 12,924 at the 2000 census .
Both the fore wing and hind wing have a row of submarginal black spots and black median lines running across the wings .
Ernest Thompson Seton 's Woodcraft Indians program was also consulted for its use of American Indian lore to make the organization interesting and appealing to youth .
The term foreign worker is generally used in the United States to refer to someone fitting the international ( UN ) definition of a migrant worker while the term migrant worker is considered someone who regularly works away from home , if they have a home at all .
Barnum is widely but erroneously credited with coining the phrase '' There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
These agencies require milk to be HTST pasteurized in order to qualify for the '' pasteurization '' label .
This feature made possible the deployment of large satellites such as the Hubble Space Telescope , and also to capture and return large payloads back to Earth .
Stebbins 's review , '' The significance of polyploidy in plant evolution '' , published in American Naturalist in 1940 , demonstrated how work done on artificial polyploids and natural polyploid complexes had shown that polyploidy was important in developing large , complex , and widespread genera .
On September 24 , 1789 , in the town of Roman , she bore him a son , called Frederick .
War & Peace The War of 1812 ( 1812-1815 ) fought between America and Britain .
Although he was invited to participate and early reports indicated that would , Eno chose to not tour , letting Byrne decide how to present this music live .
The next single , '' Love Machine '' , also peaked at number two in September 2004 .
Even in the relatively hostile Republic of Dubrovnik the Romanesque of the custom-house and Rectors ' palace is combined with Venetian Gothic , while the graceful balconies and ogee windows of the Prijeki closely follow their Venetian models .
The group 's 1991 critically acclaimed album Loveless took two years to make mostly due to funding problems .
Joey Lawrence as Oliver : The protagonist of the film .
Hampden has hosted prestigious sporting events , including three Champions League finals , two Cup Winners ' Cup finals and a UEFA Cup final .
In 2008 , MacMillian moved to the United Kingdom , signing with the Belfast Giants scoring 36 points in 47 games .
He was the first Labour Prime Minister to serve a full Parliamentary term , and the first to command a Labour majority in Parliament .
Grover has been missing for two months ; Percy and Nico decide to go to the underworld ( to visit the river styx ) but need him so they look for him on their way .
The North Pacific Giant Octopus ( Enteroctopus dofleini ) is a large cephalopod belonging to the genus Enteroctopus .
This improvement resulted in part from flue gas desulfurization , a technology that enables SO2 to be chemically bound in power plants burning sulfur-containing coal or oil .
At the age of twelve , she joined the First Baptist Gospel Choir and began singing in public .
Russia shares borders with the following countries ( from northwest to southeast ) : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland ( both via Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
The games offer extended play times , anywhere from 6 to 48 hours .
In Pakistan , the Houbara Bustard is regarded as the provincial bird of Balochistan ( Pakistan ) .
The Kashmiri people are a Dardic ethno-linguistic group living in Kashmir Valley in Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir and parts of the Pakistani territory of Azad Kashmir who speak the Kashmiri language .
Section 3 of the Flag Code defines a flag for the purposes of the code . It clarifies the definition to include any picture or representation of the flag purporting to be of the flag of the United States of America .
The band has had 16 top ten singles on the Billboard rock charts , seven of which peaked at # 1 , and one # 1 album for Purple in 1994 .
During this time , Naraku wipes out her entire family and village , then , disguised as the new lord , causes Sango to blame Inuyasha and try to kill him .
In some breweries , the hopped wort may pass through a hopback , which is a small vat filled with hops , to add aromatic hop flavouring and to act as a filter ; but usually the hopped wort is simply cooled for the fermenter , where the yeast is added .
Under the reign of the Ottonian rulers , the kingdom of the Eastern Franks finally became Germany with the conclusion of the unification of the duchies of Lorraine , Saxony , Franconia , Swabia , Thuringia and Bavaria into one empire .
The group released its debut album All We Know Is Falling in 2005 , and its second album Riot !
The present record holder is the 1990 winner Kingston Rule with a time of 3min 16.3 sec .
After a short period the final stage of training begins , and the students are called '' maiko '' .
The three were later joined by Dorothy 's mother , Sophia Petrillo ( Estelle Getty ) , when Sophia 's retirement home , Shady Pines , burned down .
Niederlenz is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
They come in various shapes and are made from clay , wood , glass , porcelain or precious stones such as jade .
The smaller schools , plus Oklahoma A&M ( now Oklahoma State University , which ultimately re joined the Big Eight in 1957 ) , formed the MVC .
Manziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Pasteur and Darwin By the middle of the 19th century , the theory of biogenesis had accumulated so much evidential support , due to the work of Pasteur and others , that the alternative theory of spontaneous generation had been effectively disproven .
They are widely used in research , drug discovery , bioassay validation , quality control and manufacturing processes in the pharmaceutical and biotechnological industry and academic organizations .
Metlink has also been active in encouraging use of ` value Metcards ' ( pre-purchased multi-trip and periodical tickets ) and is known for running a '' humorous '' campaign called BATBYGOBSTOPL ( Buying A Ticket Before You Get On Board Saves Time Or Problems Later ) .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
The Italian tradition of Commedia dell ` arte as well as the elaborate masques frequently presented at court also contributed to the shaping of public theater .
Generally , the image resolution of an SEM is about an order of magnitude poorer than that of a TEM .
'' A New Look at The History of the Classic Guitar '' .
Chipley is a city in Washington County , Florida , United States .
After Richard 's death at the Battle of Bosworth , it passed to the new king , Henry VII , who then gave it to his uncle , Jasper Tudor , Duke of Bedford .
He won the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia in 1998 .
LiveJournal was started on April 15 , 1999 by Brad Fitzpatrick as a way of keeping his high school friends updated on his activities .
In August 2001 , Quaker was bought out by Pepsico because Pepsi wanted to add Gatorade to its arsenal of beverages and thus break into the isotonic sports beverage market .
If the object is either less dense than the liquid or is shaped appropriately ( as in a boat ) , the force can keep the object afloat .
A message digest can also serve as a means of reliably identifying a file ; several source code management systems , including Git , Mercurial and Monotone , use the sha1sum of various types of content ( file content , directory trees , ancestry information , etc ) to uniquely identify them .
Vladislav ( Vlad ) Nikolayevich Listyev ( ) ( May 10 , 1956 -- March 1 , 1995 ) was a Russian journalist and head of the ORT TV Channel ( now government-owned Channel One ) .
At the outbreak of the First World War he volunteered with the Red Cross as a medical doctor and was sent directly to the frontline , where he was badly injured at least twice .
Several hypotheses about early life have been proposed , most notably the iron-sulfur world theory ( metabolism without genetics ) and the RNA world hypothesis ( RNA life-forms ) .
There are two families of hadrons : baryons , with three valence quarks , and mesons , with a valence quark and an antiquark .
Today , palms remain a popular symbol for the tropics and vacations .
Crestview is a city in Campbell County , Kentucky , United States .
Sky Odyssey ( called The Sky Odyssey in Japan ) is an action/adventure flight simulator for the SonyPlayStation 2 .
Koji Homma ( born 27 April 1977 in Hitachi , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
The name was derived from the French word galant , meaning '' chivalrous '' .
Her Majesty 's Stationery Office , Aspects of Britain : Local Government , ( 1996 ) Hampton , W. , Local Government and Urban Politics , ( 1991 ) They are alternatively known as ancient counties .
Eduardo Alves da Silva ( born 25 February 1983 ) , commonly known as Eduardo , sometimes nicknamed as Dudu , is a Brazilian-born Croatian footballer who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club Shakhtar Donetsk and the Croatia national team .
Generally , a tehsil consists of a city or town that serves as its headquarters , possibly additional towns , and a number of villages .
He invested a small fortune taken from the family 's savings to begin a musical career for his daughter , and in 1945 she debuted at a concert hall in Yokohama , at the age of eight , as , a name proposed by her mother .
Catholic Encyclopedia on the Carmelites [ ] Saint Bertold has traditionally been associated with the founding of the order , but few clear records of early Carmelite history have survived and this is likely to be a later extrapolation by hagiographers .
Stende is a town in Latvia .
However , the civil rights movement was met with protests from loyalist counter-demonstrators .
In the song , Burdon mentions Monterey performers The Byrds , Jefferson Airplane , Ravi Shankar , Jimi Hendrix , The Who , Hugh Masekela , The Grateful Dead , and The Rolling Stones ' Brian Jones ( '' His Majesty Prince Jones smiled as he moved among the crowd '' ) .
The College of Southern Nevada , a community college based in Las Vegas , maintains a branch campus in Henderson .
His wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , is currently the United States Secretary of State .
Sales of the A310 continued and by the time the development A310-200 aircraft made its first flight on April 3 , 1982 , orders and options for 181 aircraft had been placed by 15 airlines worldwide , a somewhat better start than that of the original A300 .
The events need to be independent of one another .
All three extant species are threatened , especially The long-footed Potoroo ( Endangered ) and Gilbert 's potoroo ( Critically Endangered ) .
Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In general , cables have only plugs ( very few have a receptacle on one end ) , and hosts and devices have only receptacles .
June 20 & ndash ; Carl Friedrich Abel , German composer ( b. 1723 )
Most of the parishes are located in Japan , but due to the active missionary work in the 1960s PL was established in South America and the United States as well .
During the day , the channel operates as the Turkish version of the CNBC Europe .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 1016 seconds ( 320 million years ) and 1017 seconds ( 3200 million years ) .
At the 2010 Paris Motorshow , Lotus announced five new models to be introduced over the next five years .
Fresh dashi made from dried kelp and katsuobushi is rare today , even in Japan .
Fjuckby ( ; UN\/LOCODE : SE UPP ) is a village in Uppsala Municipality , Uppsala County , Sweden , located about 15 km north of the central city Uppsala along European route E4 .
Neam ( ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in the historic region of Moldavia , with the county seat at Piatra Neam .
He came close to , but did not achieve , his goal of the Seven Summits , climbing the highest mountain on each of the seven continents : Kilimanjaro in Africa , Denali ( Mount McKinley ) in North America , Aconcagua in South America , Elbrus in Europe , Mount Everest in Asia , Mount Kosciuszko in Australia , and Vinson in Antarctica .
Other fires Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton Fires : The Wilcox Fire began at Santa Margarita/33 Area behind Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton .
Britpop began to fill the musical and cultural void left after Cobain 's death , and Blur 's success , along with the rise of a new group from Manchester called Oasis saw Britpop explode for the rest of 1994 .
In 1693 Halley published an article on life annuities , which featured an analysis of age-at-death on the basis of the Breslau statistics Caspar Neumann had been able to provide .
The inaugural tournament was held in 1987 , hosted by both Australia and New Zealand , and is now contested every four years .
February 27 & ndash ; Afonso de Albuquerque of Portugal conquers Goa .
After Nestorianism , taught by Nestorius , Archbishop of Constantinople , was rejected at the First Council of Ephesus , Eutyches , an archimandrite at Constantinople , emerged with diametrically opposite views .
In 2005 , the band released their first studio album So Sudden .
Anochetus pattersoni was discovered on 19 December 2005 by S.M. Goodman in the Seychelles and described by Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. in 2008Fisher , B. L. & Smith , M. A. , 2008 , A revision of Malagasy species of Anochetus Mayr and Odontomachus Latreille ( Hymenoptera : Formicidae ) .
In 1932 the district of Rheinbach was dissolved , whereby the Euskirchen district gained its southern part .
During the Middle Ages , chalices were given to winners of sporting events at least as early as the very late 1600s in the New World .
Slackware is a free and open source operating system .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Having been bred from a Welsh Terrier and an Otter Hound , the breed has also been called the Waterside Terrier , because it was bred originally to hunt otters in and around the valleys of the River Aire which runs through Airedale .
The station also has a western exit leading to the Melbourne Yard rail freight terminal .
Then the host would give the panel a clue , for example , '' the secret concerns something that happened to ( Contestant 's Name ) . ''
( ; ; literally : '' Salt Fortress '' ) is the fourth-largest city in Austria and the capital of the federal state of Salzburg .
The created formulae can then be embedded inside other OpenOffice.org documents , such as those created by Writer .
Viry-Noureuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Wish You Were Here is the seventh studio album by English rock group Pink Floyd .
Others alleged that the government funding of Piss Christ violated separation of church and state .
It formed an administrative county from 1889 to 1974 , after which the entirety of the county was absorbed into the new county of Cumbria .
Middleton began guitar in high school , influenced by Twisted Sister and AC\/DC , and began playing in clubs around his hometown of Brisbane as part of his first band , Sonic Tapestry .
The match centered around both men furiously attacking each other ; Christian won the match after Jericho 's love interest , Trish Stratus , hit Jericho in the face with her elbow thinking Jericho was Christian , allowing Christian to roll him up for the win .
Labour Party ( UK ) leadership election , 2007 : Gordon Brown is elected Leader of the Labour Party UK , succeeding incumbent Tony Blair , and becoming Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 3 days later .
Historians often refer to the period from Qin Dynasty to the end of Qing Dynasty as Imperial China .
A seam ripper , stitch ripper or stitch unpicker is a small tool used for unpicking stitches .
Construction of the 11 megawatt Serpa solar power plant began in June 2006 and was completed as planned in January 2007 .
Over longer distances , average traveling speed declines to 10 t/O. In poor trail conditions , sled dogs can still usually average 6 o. Sled dogs have been known to travel over 90 m in a 24 hour period while pulling 85 l each .
When King Henry died , the castle became the property of his son , Edward VI of England , who gave it to his uncle , Thomas Seymour who was made Thomas Seymour , 1st Baron Seymour of Sudeley and married the King 's stepmother , Catherine Parr .
Baltix can run directly from its live-CD , without installation to a computer 's permanent storage ( hard disk , solid state drive , etc ) , but also can be installed into a computer 's Linux or Windows partition ( s ) .
L'incoronazione di Poppea ( SV 308 , The Coronation of Poppea ) is an Italian baroque opera comprising a prologue and three acts , first performed in Venice during the 1642 - 43 carnival season .
R d u i ( ; ; ; ; , Radivtsi ; Radevits ) is a municipality in Suceava County , Romania with a population of 27,759 inhabitants .
The country was in depression , local authorities were raising their own taxes and the Turks were ravaging the archdiocese .
Dreaming Online : Indigenous Australian Timeline Later , Queensland was made a British Crown Colony that was separated from New South Wales on 6 June 1859 , a date now celebrated annually as Queensland Day .
Motorstorm holds the Guinness World Record for the biggest variety of vehicles in a racing game - players are in control of seven different types of vehicles throughout the game : rally cars , big rigs , dirt bikes , ATVs , racing trucks , buggies and mudpluggers .
Nicknamed '' The Fountain City '' due to the many artesian wells in the area , Prattville is part of the Montgomery metropolitan statistical area and serves as the county seat of Autauga County .
Several high profile TV and film productions have been filmed in Gloucester ; most notably at the Cathedral and Docks . These include three of the Harry Potter movies , Doctor Who and Outlaw .
Emotional cheating may be correlated to that of emotional abuse , which to date is treated seriously in a court of law as physical cheating . With the expansion of understanding of other cultures , there is a wide spectrum of what cheating means .
Perfectionism , in psychology , is a belief that perfection can and should be attained .
It is usually a requirement that this claim be false and that the publication is communicated to someone other than the person defamed ( the claimant ) .
Due to the twisty style of the circuit overtaking is difficult in dry conditions .
It is the UK 's oldest extant symphony orchestra ( and the fourth oldest in the world ) , supports a choir and a youth orchestra , and releases its recordings on its own record label , though it has occasionally released recordings on Angel Records and EMI .
James Abrams , '' Hail in the Begging Bowl : The Odyssey and Poetry of Santoka , '' Monumenta Nipponica 32 , (/O1977/O) , 271 .
'' You 're Pitiful '' is a parody of '' You 're Beautiful '' by James Blunt written and recorded by American parody musician '' Weird Al '' Yankovic .
Nanaimo , British Columbia , Canada
Ordiarp ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
A convict who observed the conditions of his ticket-of-leave until the completion of one half of his sentence was entitled to a conditional pardon , which removed all restrictions except the right to leave the colony .
This party arose from the Restoration Party ( Partido Restaurador ) , also called the Caramuru Party ; it called itself the Party of Order ( ) to distinguish itself from the liberal opposition , which they accused of disorder and anarchy , and both the party and its leadership were known as '' saquarema '' after the village of Saquarema , where the leadership had plantations and support .
In 1999 , The Pillows were approached by the anime studio Gainax , which licensed The Pillows ' three previous albums for the soundtrack of their latest anime FLCL .
Wrightwood is a census-designated place located in San Bernardino County , California .
Corrientes , as the provincial capital , is the most important city in the province , its economical center , and holds the authorities and governmental institutions .
The system is a composition of the following 14 universities in Pennsylvania :
In 1971 the Cowra Tourism Development decided to celebrate this link to Japan , and proposed a Japanese Garden for the town .
While at Langston , he once dribbled out the clock in a conference tournament game to ridicule an opponent , Southern University , which had just run up the score against an inferior team ( Sam Huston College , later Huston-Tillotson University ) , which incidentally , was coached by a young Jackie Robinson .
The IOC inspection team visited the five candidate cities during February and March 2005 .
In most cases , a conurbation is a polycentric urban agglomeration , in which transportation has developed to link areas to create a single urban labor market or travel to work areaconurbation - Dictionary Definition of conurbation Encyclopedia.com : FREE Online Dictionary .
William Henry Hartnell ( 8 January 1908 & ndash ; 23 April 1975 ) was an English actor .
SAS error-recovery and - reporting use SCSI commands which have more functionality than the ATA SMART commands used by SATA drives .
Cape Romano was the spot where Hurricane Wilma made its first U.S. landfall in October 2005 .
A product of La Liga powerhouse Real Madrid 's youth system , Gallego made a quick impression with the first team , appearing in 26 matches in his debut year , and being a mainstay during the subsequent seasons , as he totalled 250 first division matches , with the conquest of , among others , four leagues , two cups and back-to-back UEFA Cups ( 1985 -- 86 ) .
Higher cholesterol levels lead to increased risk of specific disease , most notably cardiovascular diseases .
During his career he has won multiple awards , including an Academy Award , a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award .
Tristan , overjoyed , asks if her ship is in sight , but only a sorrowful tune from the shepherd 's pipe is heard .
Year 24 ( XXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Complex organisms gradually became more common in the millions of years immediately preceding the Cambrian , but it was not until this period that mineralised - hence readily fossilised - organisms became common .
Ryan Joseph Newman ( born December 8 , 1977 in South Bend , Indiana ) is a driver in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series . He drives the # 39 United States Army\/Tornados\/Haas Automation Chevrolet Impala for Stewart Haas Racing under crew chief Tony Gibson .
God , seeing the wickedness of man , is grieved by his creation and resolves to send a great flood .
British Rail Class 158 Express Sprinter is a diesel multiple unit ( DMU ) train , built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at its Derby Works .
Fairlands Valley is a large area of parkland with boating lakes .
In 1991 the orchestra gained its current name after its home city returned to its original name of Saint Petersburg .
Ink Cuttlefish have ink , like squid and octopuses .
Lichtenfels is a town in Bavaria , Germany , capital of the district of Lichtenfels .
In 1662 , at the age of 39 , Koxinga died of malaria , although speculations said that he died in a sudden fit of madness upon hearing the death of his father under the Qing .
Over time the cork cambium layer of bark can develop considerable thickness and can be harvested every 9 to 12 years to produce cork .
Breakthrough ( 1997 -- 2003 ) Gellar left All My Children in 1995 amid rumors of a strained working relationship with Lucci .
Polgar is also a chess journalist , with columns in Chess Life , Chess Life for Kids , ChessCafe , Chess Horizons , Georgia Chess , Chessville , Empire Chess , School Mates , Europe Echecs , etc. , and she publishes a blog with daily updates about chess news and daily chess exercise problems .
It was recorded live on Saturday July 12 , 1986 during the Magic Tour at Wembley Stadium in London , England and released on May 26 , 1992 .
After thousands of years , the once-necessary cecum has degraded to what we see today , with the appendix .
Published since June 19 , 1978 , it chronicles the life of the title character , the cat Garfield ( named after Davis 's grandfather ) ; his owner , Jon Arbuckle ; and Arbuckle 's dog , Odie .
The second equation is an expression of the two homogeneous equations , Faraday 's law of induction and Gauss 's law for magnetism .
Righteousness ( also called rectitude ) is an important theological concept in Christianity , Islam , and Judaism .
He was born in Rio de Janeiro .
Granville is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
A hair iron or hair tong is a tool used to change the structure of the hair using heat .
Dowland 's music often displays the melancholia that was so fashionable in music at that time .
The ring mat featured an ECW logo , and the WWE logo turnbuckle covers were replaced with blanks .
The White-dotted Cattleheart ( Parides alopius ) is an endemic Mexican butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Geography The canton of Fribourg lies in the west of Switzerland .
The metropolis is located on the large natural bay known as Port Phillip , with the city center positioned at the estuary of the Yarra River ( at the northern-most point of the bay ) .
The main river in the district is the Werra .
Lens is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Craig-Chad Leo Stansberry ( born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia ) is a Major League Baseball third baseman who is currently in the San Diego Padres organization .
A relatively small fraction of these topics are frequently censored by educational , governmental , corporate , parental , and other filtering schemes .
New episodes were added from 1961 to 1963 , at which time Dallas McKennon became the voice of Gumby .
His compositions are influenced by jazz and make use of polytonality ( music in more than one key at once ) .
The Council of Trent ( ) was the 16th century Ecumenical Council of the Roman Catholic Church .
The film 's mainstream success led to the making of two sequels , The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions . These were filmed simultaneously during one shoot and released in two parts in 2003 .
Following his championship win , Swagger began to develop a more serious persona : previously he had been known for doing pushups and beating his chest during his ring entrance .
In the course of ten visits to Britain during his life , totalling about 20 months Mendelssohn won a strong following , sufficient for him to make a deep impression on British musical life .
They are usually made of some organic material such as twigs , grass , and leaves ; or may simply be a depression in the ground , or a hole in a tree , rock or building .
It is distinguished from a chanson , which is a folk or popular song .
LNER Class Y11 was a class of petrol powered 0-4-0 locomotives built by Motor Rail & Tram Car Company Limited under their Simplex brand and introduced in the years 1919 -- 1925 for the London and North Eastern Railway ( LNER ) .
On 1 March 2008 , Abraham won Eurovision - Your Decision 2008 , the UK selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 , held on 24 May 2008 , with his song '' Even If '' .
Earlier it was concluded that the development of the Ormen Lange gas field would not significantly increase the risk of triggering a new slide .
The second theme is more graceful and in D major , the dominant key of G major .
Lockwood answered that he would like to do so , but feared that the case had become too politicised to be dropped .
In the year 2030 , Ted Mosby ( voiced by Bob Saget ) sits his daughter and son down to tell them the story of how he met their mother .
Scholars believe that Machu Picchu was built during the reign of Pachacuti as one of his estates .
; Mecha Frieza Physically ruined while caught in Planet Namek 's explosion after Goku defeats him , what remained of the still-living Frieza was salvaged and rebuilt with cybernetic enhancements by scientists under the order of King Cold .
The thirteen hui on the surface represent the 13 months of the year ( the extra 13th is the ` leap month ' in the lunar calendar ) .
Préchac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
BBC Radio Scotland was founded as a full-time radio network in 1978 , although the name had been used since 1974 for the Scottish opt-out version of BBC Radio 4 ( previously the Scottish Home Service and then Radio 4 Scotland ) .
The Onager ( Equus hemionus ) is a large member of the genus Equus of the family Equidae ( horse family ) native to the deserts of Syria , Iran , Pakistan , India , Israel and Tibet .
January 22 & ndash ; WWII & ndash ; Operation Shingle : The Allies begin the assault on Anzio , Italy .
Virgin Killer is the fourth studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions .
Biography Education Smoot was born in Yukon , Florida .
The Tasmanian Devil ( Sarcophilus harrisii ) is a carnivorous marsupial now found in the wild only in the Australian island state of Tasmania .
The threaded programming model provides developers with a useful abstraction of concurrent execution .
George had two sisters and a younger brother Trafford Leigh-Mallory , the World War II Royal Air Force commander .
Cargo cults occurred periodically in many parts of the island of New Guinea , including the Taro Cult in northern Papua New Guinea and the Vailala Madness that arose in 1919 and was documented by F. E. Williams , one of the first anthropologists to conduct fieldwork in Papua New Guinea .
The castle belonged to the chiefs of the Clan Mackenzie who dominated the area .
A paddle is a tool used for pushing against liquids , either as a form of propulsion in a boat or as an implement for mixing .
He also wants to get to Dryland , and has a number of skirmishes with the Mariner in his attempts to get Enola back .
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles .
Ski jumping is a sport in which skiers go down a take-off ramp , jump and attempt to land as far as possible down the hill below .
There are 100 - 250 described species , with some controversy over the exact number .
It is the smallest number with exactly eight divisors : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , and 24 .
The last passenger service was on May 28 , 1977 .
Before she is captured , Leia hides the plans in the memory of a droid called R2-D2 ( Kenny Baker ) , along with a holographic recording .
In common years the month has 28 days .
This condition defines the concept of coherent view of memory .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
History Prior to Isle of Wight service The trains were originally built by Metro-Cammell as 1938 tube stock for London Underground .
The inconsistencies between traditional Epicureanism and an active approach to securing freedom ultimately could not be resolved , and during the Empire , the philosophy of political opposition tended to be Stoic .
The show has had other names and other presenters , as detailed below .
The salinity increases as the 450 m salt crust dissolves over a period of six months resulting in a massive fish kill .
After defeating Montezuma 's warriors , and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables , Cortés returned to Spain in 1528 , bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
However , ICs with nanometer-scale devices are not without their problems , principal among which is leakage current ( see subthreshold leakage for a discussion of this ) , although these problems are not insurmountable and will likely be solved or at least ameliorated by the introduction of high-k dielectrics .
Coatbridge is a town in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , about east of Glasgow city center , set in the central Lowlands of Scotland .
The word '' kimono '' , which literally means a '' thing to wear '' ( ki '' wear '' and mono '' thing '' ) , has come to denote these full-length robes . The standard plural of the word kimono in English is kimonos , but the unmarked Japanese plural kimono is also sometimes used .
Many people find the very rounded , shiny , porcelain-like shells of cowries pleasing to look at and to handle .
Internet Explorer version 6 , 7 or 8 must be installed .
Neuville-Vitasse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Arthur was the first tropical storm to form in May in the Atlantic since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
They were cited as the southernmost land mass plotted as of that time , and retained the honor for 156 years , until the discovery of the South Sandwich Islands in 1775 .
It is coextensive with the Dover , Delaware , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Groffliers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Grip tape , when applied to the top surface of a skateboard , gives a skater 's feet grip on the deck .
Mary 's uncle was King Charles II , who ruled the three kingdoms of England , Scotland and Ireland ; her maternal grandfather , Edward Hyde , 1st Earl of Clarendon , served for a lengthy period as Charles 's chief advisor .
Since 1961 , over 200,000 Americans have joined the Peace Corps and have served in 139 countries . Many former volunteers have risen to national prominence , not least the four who have served as Peace Corps Directors .
He is known to have fought in the First Punic War and his birth , therefore , is placed around 280 BCE .
In response the police decided to increase the number of police foot patrols in Railton Road , despite the tensions , and carry on with the '' Operation Swamp 81 '' throughout the night of Friday the 10th and into the following day , Saturday the 11th of April .
The network 's sixteen lines are mostly underground and run to 214 km ( 133 mi ) in length .
Sadirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Parker became Indiana 's oldest living person on April 7 , 2005 ( age 111 years , 352 days ) ( following the death of then almost-112-year-old Minnie Kearby , who was just six days older at the time ) and the state 's all-time recordholder on January 19 , 2007 ( age 113 years , 274 days ) , surpassing Mary Parr .
Chris won the last two immunity challenges , and ultimately took Twila with him into the final two .
Harriet Smithson Berlioz fell in love with an Irish actress , Harriet Smithson , after attending a performance of Shakespeare 's Hamlet with her in the role of Ophelia , on 11 September 1827 .
Angel food cake , or Angel cake , is a type of sponge cake originally from North America that first became popular in the U.S. in the late 19th century .
Metropolis features special effects and set designs that still impress modern audiences with their visual impact -- the film contains cinematic and thematic links to German Expressionism , though the architecture as portrayed in the film appears based on contemporary Modernism and Art Deco .
Two years later , in 1902 , a combination of the physical standard from the Spaniel Club of England and the ability standard from the Sporting Spaniel Society led to the English Springer Spaniel breed being officially recognized by the English Kennel Club .
In April 1865 , Joe sent a petition to the Chief Justice , and received four years off his sentence .
Stripes is a 1981 American comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman starring Bill Murray , Harold Ramis , Warren Oates , P. J. Soles , and John Candy .
When Gilgamesh attempts to visit the wedding chamber , Enkidu blocks his way and they fight . After a fierce battle , Enkidu acknowledges Gilgamesh 's superior strength and they become friends .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
It was produced , in contrast to '' land , '' which refers to naturally occurring resources such as geographical locations and minerals .
Hirsi Ali has said '' it is written in the Koran a woman may be slapped if she is disobedient .
; 2003 - U.S. Postal Service 77th overall - Tour de France
VistaPE is a project ( set of scripts ) for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on the kernel of Windows Vista .
Pierino Prati ( born 13 December 1946 ) is a former Italian footballer who played for AC Milan and was part of their European Cup victory in 1969 Scoring a hat-trick in the 4-1 defeat of Ajax in the final .
This week 's reward challenge was a tricky interview with Janice Dickinson .
Jack Beven and Eric S. Blake (/O2006/O) .
This season , the NHL also added a new player award called the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy , named in honor of Bill Masterton who died on 15 January 1968 after sustaining an injury during a game ( the first time an NHL player had ever died directly as a result of an on-ice injury ) .
Chihuahua ( ) is a state in north western Mexico with a mainland area of , Microsoft Encarta Premium 2009 slightly larger than the United Kingdom .
Saint-Tricat is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Michel-de-Lapujade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces .
In Guam , the Chamorro people make up about 60 % of the population .
Founded in 1829 by Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada Sir John Colborne , UCC is the oldest independent school in the province of Ontario , the third oldest in the country , and is described as one of Canada 's most prestigious preparatory schools , having many of Canada 's most powerful and wealthy as graduates .
In the course of Irving 's tours , Stoker got the chance to travel around the world , although he never visited Eastern Europe , a setting for his most famous novel .
A is the first letter of the Latin alphabet .
New Orleans Saints ( - )
This led to the 1956 Hungarian Revolution and Hungary 's temporary withdrawal from the Warsaw Pact .
Most notable are the subspecies fastuosa and bernadezi , which are the only viviparous subspecies - the others are ovoviviparous .
cit .
Biography André Previn was born as Andreas Ludwig Priwin to a Jewish family in Berlin , Germany .
An undercover police officer will wear a headband , wristband or other piece of clothing in the same color as the '' color of the day '' ; this color is told to officers at the station house before they start work .
The Arnica Fort is located 40 km .
Move to the U.S. . At the outbreak of war in Europe in 1939 , Szell was returning via the U.S. from an Australian tour ; he ended up settling with his family in New York City .
It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
San José ( '' Saint Joseph '' , , ) is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica .
By the age of four , he was able to play 40 pieces on the piano , and his mother began formally teaching him the next year .
Hermies is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Colima ( volcano ) , a mountain
In 1830 , Thomas Bornhauser spoke to a large crown in Weinfelden , demanding a liberal constitution for the canton .
It was made clear that Rodgers would not be replacing Queen 's former lead singer , Freddie Mercury , who died in 1991 .
For example , shortly after Boston 's settlement , Puritans founded America 's first public school , Boston Latin School (/O1635/O) .
is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
Thomas Young 's physical setup differs from the modern version and is more similar to the setup employed by Newton .
Zappas and his cousin Konstantinos Zappas had left the Greek government a trust to fund future Olympic Games .
He currently serves on the editorial board of eight other international academic journals and is past president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health .
It is the successor to Old Japanese .
A furious de Valera turned down the offer and ordered O'Kelly to return to Paris .
This is perhaps Camus ' best-known work , as well as a key text of twentieth-century philosophy .
A bishopric is established in Nitra .
Lang is the author or co-author of eight books and many articles on origami .
The TASER CAM is a specialized device designed for the Taser X26 to record audio and video when the Taser 's safety is disengaged .
MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3 , more commonly referred to as MP3 , is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression .
Helicopter carrier is a term for an aircraft carrier whose primary purpose is to operate helicopters .
The heat from the sun causes the oceans to turn into steam to make clouds and change the Earth 's weather .
Hermann Carl Vogel ( April 3 , 1841 & ndash ; August 13 , 1907 ) was a German astronomer .
Sainte-Marguerite-d'Elle is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It was released in North America under this title on November 2 , 1999 , and in Europe and Australia as Spyro 2 : Gateway to Glimmer on November 5 , 1999 , and in Japan on March 16 , 2000 as : Spyro X Sparx Tondemo Tours .
Farrer denied that Austen 's artistry was unconscious ( contradicting James ) and described her as a writer of intense concentration and a severe critic of her society , '' radiant and remorseless '' , '' dispassionate yet pitiless '' , with '' the steely quality , the incurable rigor of her judgment '' .
It was criticised for having a loose plot , however , as well as poor characterization .
In 1972 , the double album compilation Anthology was released , featuring 16 songs from the band 's first five albums .
Members of the Fifth degree may also be known as '' Doctor , '' although '' The Doctor '' usually refers to LaVey .
The modern European violin evolved from various bowed stringed instruments from the Middle East and the Byzantine Empire .
Hamilton College is a private , independent , liberal arts college located in Clinton , New York , United States .
This was the first time Europe had achieved three successive victories .
The film tells the story of a priest , who is in love with his friend 's wife turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment .
Its wavelength increases or decreases but its frequency remains constant .
It was opened on 6 June 1974 and has been expanded several times since .
Tom Kaulitz was born on September 1 , 1989 in Leipzig ten minutes before his identical twin brother , Bill .
Ulong 's vote was originally a tie ( first time since Marquesas ) as Angie and Stephenie voted against Bobby Jon , Bobby Jon and James voted against Angie , while Ibrehem 's vote was against James , causing a revote .
Piper did his doctoral work in New Testament Studies at the University of Munich , Munich , West Germany ( 1971-74 ) .
Hurricane Alex The first storm of the season formed at the end of July off the coast of South Carolina .
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
In June 2009 , Furtado announced that her new album will be titled Mi Plan and the first single titled '' Manos al Aire '' .
The Papacy makes a permanent move back from Avignon to Rome , ending the Avignon Papacy .
Hawaiian Punch is a brand of fruit punch drinks ( containing 5 % fruit juice ) owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. ( DPS ) .
Country Club Hills is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Salaunes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Encyclopedia Americana Grolier Incorporated , 1988 , p. 34 The first nome was roughly where modern Aswan is and the twenty-second was at modern Atfih ( Aphroditopolis ) , just to the south of Cairo .
Fine modern bows used to play string instruments of the violin family ( the violin , viola , cello and double bass ) are usually made of pernambuco wood from Brazil and are strung with horsehair .
On 16 July 2007 , the district parliament decided to change the name again to Burgenlandkreis coming into effect on the 1 August 2007 .
The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa , a '' waxy '' or '' cheesy '' white substance coating the skin of newborns .
The show passed its 10,000 th episode on May 12 , 1995 , is well past 13,000 episodes currently , and celebrated its 50th anniversary on April 2 , 2006 .
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels , the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
Tamil Jains and Kannada Jains who are native to their regions , residing in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka respectively since 1st century BCE , are distinguishable from North Indian Jains in some of their routines and practices , but the core philosophies and belief systems are the same for all Jain communities .
He is a right-footed midfielder who currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg and is currently the captain of the Japan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
It is located 45 km from the Laetoli archaeolgical site .
The end for the Laemmles came with a lavish remake of its 1929 flop Show Boat , featuring several stars from the Broadway stage version , which began production in late 1935 .
Electronic commerce , commonly known as e-commerce or eCommerce , consists of the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet and other computer networks .
Each realm is a parody of a given genre of anime and manga , such as sports , sentai , and fantasy .
The name Han comes from the Han Dynasty , which succeeded the short-lived Qin Dynasty that united China .
Headingley 's rugby stadium is located at .
Chuck Lorre ( born Charles Michael Levine October 18 , 1952 ) is a writer , director , producer and composer who has created many American sitcoms , including Grace Under Fire , Cybill , Dharma & Greg , Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory .
In the 1950s , change to economic policies in Taiwan transformed the island into a technology-oriented industrialized developed economy after a period of high growth rates and rapid industrialization .
Authoritarian communist governments were initially installed in a bloc politics process that included extensive political and media controls , along with the Soviet approach to restricting emigration .
Théodore Géricault ( 26 September 1791 & ndash ; 26 January 1824 ) was a profoundly influential French artist , painter and lithographer , known for The Raft of the Medusa and other paintings .
Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11 , 1980 , and became Microsoft 's 30th employee , the first business manager hired by Gates . Ballmer loved working at Microsoft .
This is typical where human trafficking procures a large percentage of prostitutes , and is common in ( though not limited to ) countries where prostitution is forbidden or repressed .
He also studied conducting with Sergiu Celibidache for two years .
It seems that this occurred because the color of the fur of the mole can itself exhibit a wide range of shades , from gray through yellowish , brownish , and even purplish .
The Hong Kong national football team ( ) , represents Hong Kong in international association football events such as the FIFA World Cup , AFC Asian Cup and EAFF East Asian Football Championship .
The project is divided into chapters , each dedicated to one of the Eastern European countries -- Slovak Republic , Poland , ex-GDR , Hungary , Czech Republic and ex-Yugoslavia .
Before this , a child 's digestive system and kidneys are still developing and are not yet ready to deal with solid food .
The book was published on 8 July 1999 .
It is estimated that the impact responsible excavated about 1 % of the entire volume of Vesta , and it is likely that the Vesta family and V-type asteroids are the products of this collision .
Disk Management : Microsoft Technet The Windows 2000 Server family has additional features , Windows 2000 Server Family including the ability to provide Active Directory services ( a hierarchical framework of resources ) , Distributed File System ( a file system that supports sharing of files ) and fault-redundant storage volumes .
In August 2007 , Batista was accused of anabolic steroid use after an ESPN article released the names of wrestlers that were clients of Signature Pharmacy of Orlando , Florida , one of many pharmacies under investigation for filling illegal prescription drugs .
Poolsbrook is a former mining village near Staveley in North East Derbyshire , England .
His Violin Concerto No. 1 in A minor , Op .
The Sierra run north-to-south , and are approximately across east-to-west .
Acting was only just becoming a respectable profession for a woman and initially her parents disapproved of her choice of profession .
The ATP generated in this process is made by substrate phosphorylation , which is phosphorylation that does not involve oxygen .
Performing arts include the dance , music , opera , drama , magic , Spoken word and circus arts .
Zard was a Japanese pop group .
After studies with Carl Flesch in Berlin ( 1929-32 ) , he went to Paris to continue his training with Jacques Thibaud at the Conservatory , graduating with a premier prix in 1937 .
Yoshi 's Island DS was announced at E3 2006 under the name Yoshi 's Island 2 , originally featuring only baby versions of Mario , Peach , and DK .
The Colorado potato beetle ( Leptinotarsa decemlineata ) , also known as the Colorado beetle , the ten-striped spearman , the ten-lined potato beetle or the potato bug , is an important pest of potato crops .
The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Music Theory , 2nd ed .
Prospero and one thousand other nobles have taken refuge in this walled abbey to escape the Red Death , a terrible plague that has swept over the land .
Water displacement can be used to find out the volume of an object .
A Kirkwood gap is a gap or dip in the distribution of main belt asteroids with semi-major axis ( or equivalently their orbital period ) , as seen in the .
Blindfold match 08:34 6 The Undertaker ( with Paul Bearer ) defeated Jimmy Snuka .
In 2004 , Evanescence 's new lineup released a DVD/CD compilation entitled Anywhere but Home .
He argues that Alyosha is closer than Myshkin to being an active spokesman for conservatism , citing Alyosha 's most impressive success as helping Dmitri .
After the festivities , Clara wakes up under the Christmas tree with the Nutcracker toy in her arms and the curtain closes .
Due to the large-scale circulation pattern into Tropical Storm Roger , the tropical disturbance moved erratically and slowly executed a cyclonic loop to the southeast of Chuuk .
Arthur '' Big Boy '' Crudup ( August 5 , 1905 - March 28 , 1974 ) was a Delta blues singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Also , instead of the top team playing the eighth place team in the conference , the first place team played the fourth place team in each division , and the second place team played the third place team .
The 2000 census shows it has the smallest population of any county in Oklahoma .
Eintracht Frankfurt is a German sports club , based in Frankfurt am Main , Hesse that is best known for its football team .
February 18 & ndash ; Amda Seyon I , Emperor of Ethiopia begins his campaigns in the southern Muslim provinces ( possibly in 1329 ) .
Though the word Jell-O is a name brand , it is commonly used in the United States as a generic and household name for any gelatin products .
The word skepticism can characterise a position on a single claim , but in scholastic circles more frequently describes a lasting mind-set .
It threatened , but did not reach , the aristocratic district of Westminster , Charles II 's Palace of Whitehall , and most of the suburban slums .
Anthony Le Tallec ( born 3 October 1984 in Hennebont ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Auxerre in Ligue 1 .
Graphium sarpedon , the common bluebottle or blue triangle ( Australia ) , is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in South and Southeast Asia , as well as parts of Australia .
Almost one million fans watched the event at 160 closed circuit locations in North America .
The total area is 15.21 km which gives a population density of 696 inhabitants per km .
Political career In 1978 Stoiber was elected secretary general of the CSU , a post he held until 1982/83 .
Ibn al-Nadim also mentions a group called the Mughtasila , '' the self-ablutionists '' , who may be identified with one or the other of these groups .
Thil is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The building 's plans were drawn in the early 1960s , before student activism prompted a concern for safety , but the Fleming Building 's narrow windows , all located above the first floor , and fortress-like exterior led to a campus rumor that it was designed to be riot-proof .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
From 1940 until 1957 , the city was named Molotov , after Vyacheslav Molotov .
The first Web site built was at CERN , and was first put on line on 6 August 1991 .
Nanta ( ) is a popular South Korean musical .
Adults of this species usually grow to be about 2 feet in length , with the tail accounting for over half of the total body length .
June 9 - George Stephenson , English engineer ( Locomotion No. 1 & Rocket ) ( d. 1848 )
At , it is the highest mountain of the Changbai mountain range to the north and Baekdudaegan mountain range to the south .
Everaldo Marques da Silva , nicknamed Everaldo , ( September 11 , 1944 in Porto Alegre -- October 28 , 1974 , age 30 ) was a football ( soccer ) player from Brazil .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
Avion is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On the way it passes through the Uinta National Forest and Timpanogos Cave National Monument .
Le Mesnil-au-Grain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Student figures from the 2006 -- 2007 Cambridge Reporter Trinity considers itself to be '' a world-leading academic institution with an outstanding record of education , learning and research '' .
McComb is a city in Pike County , Mississippi , United States , about 80 miles ( 129 km ) south of Jackson .
It is a pink crystalline solid compound .
He was left winger for Santos F.C. and the Brazilian national team .
Patrice Latyr Evra ( ; born 15 May 1981 ) is a French footballer who plays as a left-back for Manchester United and the French national team .
The term derives from the Greek ( ) , meaning '' gray '' , ( ) , referring to the '' spinal cord '' , and the suffix ' , which denotes inflammation .
The tale is often regarded as the first of the so-called '' marriage group '' of tales , which includes the Clerk 's , the Merchant 's and the Franklin 's tales .
His playing style and ability have drawn comparisons to Diego Maradona , who himself declared Messi his '' successor '' .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
The Bounty never reached the Caribbean , as mutiny broke out on board shortly after the ship left Tahiti .
The Town of Palm Beach ( called Palm Beach Island or the Island of Palm Beach to differentiate between the town and the county ) is an highly affluent incorporated town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
During his three years in Algeria , he ( amongst other activities ) studied the flightless beetles Pimelia and Melasoma .
In terms of frequency , this corresponds to a band in the vicinity of 400 -- 790 THz .
They are marine animals with a leathery skin and an elongated body containing a single , branched gonad .
North Korea Under the Shroud , Life and Human Rights in North Korea , Autumn 2000 , Vol .
Almond ( color ) , a color that is a creamy off-white brown .
Arch Enemy is a Swedish melodic death metal band , originally a supergroup , from Halmstad , formed in 1996 .
The megagametophyte ( also called embryo sac in flowering plants ) produces the egg cell for fertilization .
Mendelevium ( or ) is a synthetic element with the symbol Md ( formerly Mv ) and the atomic number 101 .
The surviving portions of his two major works -- the Annals and the Histories -- examine the reigns of the Roman Emperors Tiberius , Claudius , Nero and those who reigned in the Year of the Four Emperors .
It is true that the phrase '' survival of the fittest '' , in and by itself , is a tautology if fitness is defined by survival and reproduction .
Early life Sizemore graduated from Cascade High School in Everett , Washington , in 2000 .
For example , the third occurs both as three semitones away from Re , Mi , La , and Ti in the major scale ( or in the C major diatonic scale , three semitones above D , E , A , and B ) , and four semitones away from Do , Fa , and Sol , ( or C , F , and G ) .
Meanwhile , his mother concerns about him to Cory and asks her if there is anything wrong , to which she replies no/O. .
It turns to the south-west , near Dalhousie , and then cuts a gorge in the Dhaola Dhar range entering the Punjab plain near Madhopur near Pathankot .
A tropical system along the wave axis contained a low pressure area as well as an impressive outflow pattern , though initially its convection was disorganized and limited .
French troops landed on Elba on June 17 1944 , liberating the island from the Germans .
Going Dutch It is now used in a more generic way to refer to the cultural , economic , and geographic grouping .
After some hesitation , Henry met with the exiled Thomas Arundel , former Archbishop of Canterbury , who had lost his position because of his involvement with the Lords Appellant .
Charles Dana , editor of the New York Sun , attacked The World and said Pulitzer was '' deficient in judgment and in staying power . ''
The relationship of the above-mentioned Neolithic characteristics to the onset of agriculture , their sequence of emergence and empirical relation to each other at various Neolithic sites remains the subject of academic debate , and seems to vary from place to place , rather than being the outcome of universal laws of social evolution .
Quality matcha is vibrantly green also as a result of this treatment .
Zeihen is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
It serves international flights to Bandar Seri Begawan , Shenzhen , Seoul , Shanghai , Guangzhou , Hong Kong , Macau , Manila , Cebu , Singapore , Taipei , Kaohsiung , and other domestic cities .
The trophy was first awarded to Queen 's Park when they beat Clydesdale 2 0 in the final in front of a crowd of 3,000 people .
The official opening ceremony took place at Victoria station on 7 March 1969 : The Queen unveiled a commemorative plaque on the station concourse .
Death Magnetic debuted at number one in the United States selling 490,000 units with Metallica becoming the first band to have five consecutive studio albums debut at number one in the history of the Billboard 200 . After a week of its release , Death Magnetic remained at number one on the Billboard 200 , the European album chart , and became the fastest selling album in Australia for 2008 .
'' It seems that if Zeus were to stand up , '' the geographer Strabo noted early in the first century BC , '' he would unroof the temple .
Amazon MP3 , its own online music store , launched in the US in September 25 , 2007 , selling downloads exclusively in MP3 format without digital rights management .
This bird is the natural symbol of the Canary Islands , together with the Canary Island Date Palm .
Environment variable , the set of environments defined in a process
On 2 February 2008 , Kanouté was named the 2007 African Footballer of the Year and is the first foreign-born player to win it .
This process was formerly known as an '' organ harvest '' , but the name has since changed to the milder '' organ recovery . ''
Period = from :0 till :35000
Beautiful is an adjective used to describe things as possessing beauty .
The Entente cordiale is a series of agreements signed on 8 April 1904 between the United Kingdom and the French Republic .
On the night of June the 6th he tried to steal food from Zachariah Clark , the '' house of the colony 's assistant commissary for stores '' , and was caught by a convict named William Saltmarsh .
Biography Early career Shawn Sawyer was born in Edmundston , New Brunswick .
Paterson , an alumnus of The Catholic University of America , held a special advance screening of the film for members of the CUA community at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland on February 1 , 2007 .
Jonathan Simon Woodgate ( born 22 January 1980 in Nunthorpe , Middlesbrough ) is an English footballer , who plays as a defender for Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur .
Bieujac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
On Christmas Eve , Neville buys himself a heavy walking stick ; he plans to spend his Christmas break hiking around the countryside .
Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency , it was founded as a Cabinet department in 1965 , as part of the '' Great Society '' program of President Lyndon Johnson , to develop and execute policies on housing and metropolises .
Rashidun , 632-661 Abu Bakr , the first successor of Muhammad , according to Sunni beliefs , nominated Umar as his successor on his deathbed , and there was consensus in the Muslim community to his choice .
Wallpaper is a kind of material used to cover and decorate the interior walls of homes , offices , and other buildings ; it is one aspect of interior decoration .
Many World and Australian-renowned beaches within the Sunshine Coast region are located at Noosa Heads , Alexandra Headland , Mooloolaba ( the spit ) , Coolum , Maroochydore and Kings Beach in Caloundra .
Einstein 's discoveries showed that due to relativity of motion our space and time can be mathematically combined into one object -- spacetime .
When she has gone , Pedrillo comes to Blonde , who is his sweetheart , and informs her that Belmonte is near and that all is ready for flight .
Nuclear Free Zone Another well-known nuclear-free community is Berkeley , California , whose citizens passed the Nuclear Free Berkeley Act in 1986 which allows the city to levy fines for nuclear weapons-related activity and to boycott companies involved in the United States nuclear infrastructure .
After a few good seasons , he signed with CSKA Sofia and after two successful games against Servette in the UEFA Cup , the Swiss side bought the 19-year-old for 1,2 million German marks .
It was mentioned for the first time in 1233 in the deed of donation by King Andrew II .
Several companies are grouped to form a battalion or regiment , the latter of which is sometimes formed by several battalions .
Montfavergier is a former municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
G Gaijin a non-Japanese worker in Japanese promotions .
Pakistan
Princess Nikki is a reality television show that stars former Big Brother 7 UK house mate , Nikki Grahame .
One method involves mixing stoichiometric quantities of sodium hydroxide and sulfuric acid which react to form sodium bisulfate and water .
Serfdom reached Eastern European countries later than Western Europe -- it became dominant around the 15th century .
Stamford Bridge ( stadium ) , in London
Zinc hydroxide and hydrogen gas are produced . The zinc hydroxide upon heating decomposes to zinc oxide .
All of the 14 generators first ran to full power ( 9800 MW ) on October 18 , 2006 after the water level had been raised to 156 m . The 12 generators in the south side of the dam have already been installed .
Theism , in the broadest sense , is the belief that at least one deity exists .
In some countries , Internet broadcasting was supplemented by updates via email , WAP and SMS .
A graduate student , Stanley Miller , and his professor , Harold Urey , performed an experiment that demonstrated how organic molecules could have spontaneously formed from inorganic precursors , under conditions like those posited by the Oparin-Haldane Hypothesis .
It has a population of about 5,800 inhabitants .
It originated in Western Asia to describe the parts of the world that were in the '' far east '' of their known world at the time .
Born in Norwich , Connecticut , the daughter of Charles Carow ( 1825 -- 1883 ) , a merchant , and the former Gertrude Elizabeth Tyler ( 1836 -- 1895 ) and a granddaughter of Daniel Tyler who was a general in the American Civil War , Edith grew up next door to Theodore '' T.R. '' Roosevelt in New York and was best friends with his younger sister Corinne .
Thus , for example , the British Prime Minister 's website refers to '' countries within a country '' , stating '' The United Kingdom is made up of four countries : England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
The Toraja are an ethnic group indigenous to a mountainous region of South Sulawesi , Indonesia .
The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
'' Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington '' is the second episode of The Simpsons third season .
