Daughters of geisha were often brought up as geisha themselves , usually as the successor ( atotori , meaning '' heiress '' ) or daughter-role ( musume-bun ) to the okiya .
At in length , the Murray rises in the Australian Alps , draining the western side of Australia 's highest mountains and , for most of its length , meanders across Australia 's inland plains , forming the border between New South Wales and Victoria as it flows to the northwest , before turning south for its final or so into South Australia , before emptying at Lake Alexandrina .
The next day , the two tribes merged into Balboa , a name given to a sea snake Rupert had found and tried unsuccessfully to nurse back to health .
Most RTSP servers use the Real-time Transport Protocol ( RTP ) for media stream delivery , however some vendors implement proprietary transport protocols .
Though Hugo 's popularity was on the decline at the time of its publication , many now consider Ninety-Three to be a work on par with Hugo 's better-known novels .
Period = from :0 till :35000
A scanning tunneling microscope ( STM ) is an instrument for imaging surfaces at the atomic level .
Recording sessions for the album took place during June 2007 to April 2008 and featured production by Jon Hopkins , Rik Simpson , Markus Dravs and Brian Eno .
Claudius convinces Laertes that Hamlet is solely responsible ; then news arrives that Hamlet is still at large -- his ship was attacked by pirates on the way to England , and he has returned to Denmark .
It is also used to express the speed of delivery of a ball in various sporting events , such as cricket , tennis , and baseball at the higher levels of competition .
This process was formerly known as an '' organ harvest '' , but the name has since changed to the milder '' organ recovery . ''
iTunes is an application that allows the user to manage audio and video on a personal computer , acting as a front end for Apple 's QuickTime media player .
Ansel Easton Adams ( February 20 , 1902 -- April 22 , 1984 ) was an American photographer and environmentalist , best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West and primarily Yosemite National Park .
On 22 May 1990 , the two states merged to form the Republic of Yemen , which continued as a single member under the name Yemen .
Binaries that are both visual and spectroscopic thus must be relatively close to Earth .
Even some species with lungs can respire through the skin in this manner .
Finidi George ( born 15 April 1971 in Port Harcourt ) is a former Nigerian footballer , who played as a right winger .
An abnormally high failure rate in Firestone 's Wilderness AT , Firestone ATX , and ATX II tires resulted in multiple lawsuits , as well as an eventual mandatory recall .
His name is incorrectly spelled '' Ishmon '' in some sources and on some records .
Currently the council is controlled by the Labor Party and is led by Sir Richard Leese .
The Cybermen returned in episodes 5 and 6 of the 2006 season of the new series , in a two-part story set on an alternative Earth .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
CBBC ( a contraction of the original name , Children 's BBC , short for Children 's BBC and Children 's British Broadcasting Corporation ) is the brand name used for the BBC 's children 's television programs , and currently specifically refers to those programs aimed at children .
The liver converts ammonia to urea .
Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn ( , 15 July 1606 - 4 October 1669 ) was a Dutch painter and etcher .
The order Cetacea ( , L. cetus , whale , from Greek ) includes the marine mammals commonly known as whales , dolphins , and porpoises .
The first armored agnathans -- the Ostracoderms , precursors to the bony fish and hence to the tetrapods ( including humans ) -- are known from the middle Ordovician , and by the Late Silurian the agnathans had reached the high point of their evolution .
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
The team went on to finish 3rd and 4th in the race , equalling their highest round points total and promoting them to first place in the constructors ' championship for the first time .
Natural and cultivated origin hybrids include commercially important fruit such as the oranges , grapefruit , lemons , some limes , and some tangerines .
In November 1947 , the United Nations voted in favor of the partition of Palestine , proposing the creation of a Jewish state , an Arab state , and a UN-administered Jerusalem .
Most modern browsers allow users to decide whether to accept cookies , and the time frame to keep them , but rejecting cookies makes some websites unusable .
The 2008 Royal Rumble was the first WWE pay-per-view to be available in high-definition .
NYG 2008 12 4 0 .750 1st in NFC East 0 1 .000 Lost to Philadelphia Eagles in NFC Divisional Game .
The Crusade was prosecuted primarily by the French and promptly took on a political flavor , resulting in not only a significant reduction in the number of practicing Cathars but also a realignment of Occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the French crown and diminishing the distinct regional culture and high level of Aragonese influence .
It is designated municipally as a commune within the département of Vendée .
During the September 24 hearing , evidence was presented which demonstrated the need for improving readiness to cope with disasters , such as Alicia .
On June 17 , 1908 , he married Mary Gaston Stollenwerck , whom he had met as a choir member during a meeting he was conducting in Uniontown , Alabama .
The quake was felt as far north as Tauranga and as far south as Invercargill , where the 111 emergency network was rendered out of service .
At one time there were four different systems of electrification in use , a record for any station in London .
About Buxton , History of Buxton , accessed June 2009 The town largely grew in importance in the late 8th century when it was developed by the Dukes of Devonshire , with a second resurgence a century later as the Victorians were drawn to the reputed healing properties of the waters .
Vision of Britain - Components of South Yorkshire
The Office implements the Program on Space Applications and maintains the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space .
Feudal royal regent The title of Lord Protector was originally used by royal princes or other nobles exercising an individual regency ( i.e. , not merely member of a collegial regency council ) while the English monarch was still a minor or otherwise unable to rule .
Frederick I ( 11 July 1657 - 25 February 1713 ) , of the Hohenzollern dynasty , was ( as Frederick III ) Elector of Brandenburg ( 1688 - 1713 ) and Duke of Prussia in personal union ( Brandenburg-Prussia ) . The latter function he upgraded to royalty , becoming the first King in Prussia ( 1701 - 1713 ) .
William John '' Liam '' Neeson , OBE ( born 7 June 1952 ) is an Irish actor well known for his roles as Oskar Schindler in Schindler 's List , Michael Collins in Michael Collins , Qui-Gon Jinn in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace and Aslan in The Chronicles of Narnia film series .
It was first introduced as a series of kei cars and subcompact cars in the 1960s , and then as the export version of the Mitsubishi Mirage hatchback in the 1980s and 1990s .
Its remnants brought unsettled conditions to Bermuda , including a 45 mph ( 72 km\/h ) wind gust at the Bermuda International Airport .
One litre of water has a mass of almost exactly one kilogram when measured at its maximal density , which occurs at about 4 degrees Celsius .
Considered a conservative , Rehnquist favored a conception of federalism that emphasized the Tenth Amendment 's reservation of powers to the states .
Waterloo station , also known as London Waterloo , is a major railway terminus in central London , owned and operated by Network Rail .
Alloy steels are broken down into two groups : low alloy steels and high alloy steels .
Some CRs practice divination ; ogham is a favored method , as are folkloric customs such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behavior of birds and animals .
Each volcano and in some cases each volcanic eruption produces a distinguishable type of obsidian , making it possible for archaeologists to trace the origins of a particular artifact .
He was the Titan of Mortal Life , while his son , Prometheus , was the creator of mankind .
Dar es Salaam is actually an administrative province within Tanzania , and consists of three local government areas or administrative districts : Kinondoni to the north , Ilala in the center of the region , and Temeke to the south .
She won the short program with 64.62 points and was placed second in the free skate earning 132.21 .
The aircraft has a typical capacity of 128 passengers in a two-class configuration ( 137 seats in a one-class coach seating configuration ) .
This section also covers the post-privatisation period , as the broad numbering and classification arrangements have not altered since the break-up of BR .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Guernsey and Jersey decide , after a plebiscite of wealthy land owners , to remain with the English crown after Normandy was recaptured by Philip II of France .
The date of Alban 's execution is a matter of some debate , and is generally given as '' circa 250 '' -- scholars generally suggest dates of 209 , 254 or 304 .
Since MS-DOS had access to more memory ( as few IBM PCs were sold with less than 64 KB of memory , while CP\/M had to run in 16 KB if necessary ) , more commands were built in to the command-line user interface logic , making MS-DOS somewhat faster and easier to use on floppy-based computers .
Cole , a smoker of three packs of cigarettes a day , died of lung cancer on February 15 , 1965 .
Mickey Rooney ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 ) is an American film actor and entertainer whose film , television , and stage appearances span nearly his entire lifetime .
It is the busiest English station outside London , and the UK 's second busiest station outside London , after Glasgow Central .
The Province of Belluno ( Provincia di Belluno ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
The Province of Arezzo or Arretium ( ) is the easternmost province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
It appears to swim and feed in a leisurely manner , but is elusive and will avoid boats of any kind .
It was the largest sporting event to be staged in Melbourne , eclipsing the 1956 Summer Olympics in terms of the number of teams competing , athletes competing , and events being held .
After he explored this region in 1614 , Dutch fur traders sailed up the Connecticut River ( then known by the Dutch as Versche Rivier - '' Fresh River '' ) and built a fort at Dutch Point near present-day Hartford , which they called '' House of Hope '' ( ) .
March music originates from the military , and marches are usually played by a marching band . The most important instruments are various drums ( especially snare drum ) , horns , fife or woodwind instruments and brass instruments .
Ronald David '' Ronnie '' Wood ( born 1 June 1947 ) is an English rock guitarist and bassist best known as a former member of The Jeff Beck Group , Faces , and current member of The Rolling Stones .
Though there are many important differences of interpretation and opinion of the Bible on which Christianity is based , Christians share a set of beliefs that they hold as essential to their faith .
Day Date Notes Day 1Thursday 26 Safar AH 1 ( 9 September 622 ) Left home in Mecca .
A second influx of Austronesian immigrants began in the early twentieth century under the Dutch and continued in the Indonesian era .
In 2009 , IFFHS named him as the third best goalkeeper in the world , behind only the Spaniard Iker Casillas and the Italian Gianluigi Buffon .
A rosary bracelet is one with ten beads and often a cross or medal as well . The most modern form is the rosary card .
Surfing with the Alien is one of Satriani 's most successful albums to date .
The Atari 2600 is a video game console released in October 1977 .
This type of interpersonal relationship relates to the comradeship of fellow soldiers in peace or war .
However , he quarrelled with his staff officer Anton von Hohberg und Buchwald .
The Government of Zanzibar legalized foreign exchange bureaus on the islands before mainland Tanzania moved to do so .
In the English language , the word red is associated with the color of blood , certain flowers ( e.g. roses ) , and ripe fruits ( e.g. apples , cherries ) .
Two weeks before Adolf Hitler was sworn in as Chancellor in January 1933 , and before the beginning of Hitler 's murderous purge of his political opponents , Kellner and his family moved to the village of Laubach in Hesse , where he worked as the chief justice inspector in the district court .
The series is part of the Cartoon Network programming block CN Real .
Molar conductivity is defined as the conductivity of an electrolyte solution divided by the molar concentration of the electrolyte , and so measures the efficiency with which a given electrolyte conducts electricity in solution .
The Fiat Punto is a supermini produced by the Italian manufacturer , Fiat , since 1993 .
In human interactions , teasing comes in two major forms , playful and hurtful .
It was founded circa 1958 - 1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its principal text , the Principia Discordia .
February 6 -- James Stuart , Duke of York becomes James II of England and Ireland and King James VII of Scotland in succession to his brother Charles II ( 1630 -- 1685 ) , King of Great Britain since 1660 .
Both the start and end of the Triassic are marked by major extinction events .
The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor ( Capra falconeri falconeri ) is an endangered markhor , native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan .
A mischievous boy who can fly and magically refuses to grow up , Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood adventuring on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys , interacting with mermaids , Indians , fairies , and pirates , and from time to time meeting ordinary children from the world outside .
King , Bruce ( 2003 ) V.S. Naipaul , 2nd ed ( Macmillan ) Kramer , Jane ( 13 April , 1980 ) From the Third World , an assessment of Naipaul 's work in the New York Times Book Review .
Dark spots may dissipate when they migrate too close to the equator or possibly through some other unknown mechanism .
TimeAxis = orientation : vertical
By 1995 already 180 students per semester were being taught at IMI .
The diversity of plant species is the highest on Earth with some experts estimating that one square kilometer may contain over 75,000 types of trees and 150,000 species of higher plants .
Shohei Yamamoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :6240
He made many recordings throughout his career , of solo , chamber , and orchestral music , also as conductor , but Casals is perhaps best remembered for the recording of the Bach Cello Suites he made from 1936 to 1939 .
Iraq -- Pakistan relations are the relations between Pakistan and Iraq .
The more accurate phrase used for this meaning of a maximum amount of data transfer each month or given period is monthly data transfer . .
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal .
Rembrandt 's greatest creative triumphs are exemplified especially in his portraits of his contemporaries , self-portraits and illustrations of scenes from the Bible .
This limits them ; they can not operate under the extreme hydrostatic pressures found at depths greater than approximately 800 m.
It was spotted while J. N. Spitale was trying to confirm the orbit of another provisional object , that was seen 5 hours earlier just exterior to the F ring .
Local newspapers are The Sleaford Target , The Sleaford Citizen , and The Sleaford Standard .
Tropical Storm Chantal developed from a tropical wave on August 14 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean .
A simple example is when equally-spaced divisions on the vertical axis of a chart are labeled 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , instead of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .
Red is also one of the subtractive primary colors of RYB color space but not CMYK color space .
Lakhdar Belloumi ( born December 29 , 1958 in Mascara , Algeria ) is a former Algerian football player and manager .
While Javier peaked at Category 4 , with windspeeds of 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) , it weakened dramatically before striking land south of San Ignacio , Baja California Sur , as only a tropical depression .
In 1487 , Yorkists led by Lincoln rebelled in support of Lambert Simnel , a boy who was claimed to be the Earl of Warwick , son of Edward IV 's brother Clarence ( who was actually a prisoner in the Tower ) .
The Washington Monument is an obelisk near the west end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , built to commemorate the first U.S. president , General George Washington .
In addition , customers are entitled to lossless FLAC versions of the album at no extra cost for all download formats of the album .
The economy of the state is largely based on agriculture and cattle-raising .
Wellington was originally established in 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a agricultural station .
Baliros is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It can trace its history back to 1040 A.D. ( although the Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove that it paid a beer tax in 1004 A.D. ) .
He named these Pteranodon ( Occidentalia ) occidentalis ( for the now-disused species P. occidentalis ) and Pteranodon ( Sternbergia ) sternbergi . However , the name Sternbergia was preoccupied , and in 1978 Miller re-named the species Pteranodon ( Geosternbergia ) sternbergi , and named a third subgenus\/species combination for P. longiceps , as Pteranodon ( Longicepia ) longiceps .
In 2006 , it was announced that WWE would be reviving ECW as its third brand ( to complement Raw and SmackDown ! ) .
It is awarded to him in a ceremony by the President of the Bundestag attended by the Chancellor , the President of the Bundesrat and the Supreme Court President .
She secretly listened to pop music because her parents were against it .
I was raised differently , not to tell ... It 's about business but it 's still also a code of ethics '' '' When asked by Anderson Cooper if he would tell the police if a serial killer was living next to him , Cam ` ron replied '' I would probably move , '' but would not inform the police .
Since the color rose is so well loved in Persia ( Iran ) , many shades of rose are named after Persia , such as the light shade of rose at right that is called Persian pink .
The declaration of independence was made by members of the Kosovo Assembly meeting in Pristina , the capital of Kosovo , on 17 February 2008 . It was approved by a unanimous quorum , numbering 109 members .
The Sunni community holds that the Qur ` an is uncreated , as exemplified by the suffering of Imam Ahmad ibn Hanbal during the Mihna .
It was not officially named by the National Hurricane Center as it was operationally classified as a non-tropical low .
'' Yellow '' was written in a Rockfield studio in Wales called the Quadrangle , where Coldplay began working on their debut album , Parachutes .
Some animals , such as the tortoise , have both an endoskeleton and an exoskeleton .
Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
Ingrid Bergman ( 29 August 1915 - 29 August 1982 ) was a Swedish actress who starred in a variety of European and American films .
It forms part of the administrative Arica Province and has a population of 1,220 .
Since 1903 , the official census-taking agency of the United States government has been the Bureau of the Census .
Initially run in seven-car formations , they have now been lengthened to eight cars .
R.E.M. is an American rock band formed in Athens , Georgia , in 1980 by singer Michael Stipe , guitarist Peter Buck , bassist Mike Mills and drummer Bill Berry .
The original Rubik 's Cube had no orientation markings on the center faces ( although some carried the words '' Rubik 's Cube '' on the center square of the white face ) , and therefore solving it does not require any attention to orienting those faces correctly .
It was released on DVD and Blu-Ray on September 16 .
A sovereign state is a political association with effective internal and external sovereignty over a geographic area and population which is not dependent on , or subject to , the power of any other power of state .
During those three games , he did n't score any points nor did he earn any penalty minutes .
Ranked 4th nationally
The author identifies himself as '' James , a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ '' .
Nanyang Technological University ( Abbreviation : NTU ) is a major research university in Singapore .
Systematics , in other words , is used to understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth .
Request for Page Protection - Sends a request for protection to the page of the same name .
The game featured competitive one-on-one '' battles '' and also allowed the player a greater degree of freedom than normally found in rhythm games .
Jasper is a city in Hamilton County , Florida , United States .
Domesticated oats appear relatively late , and far from the Near East , in Bronze Age Europe .
Freia enters , screaming in fear , followed by Fasolt and Fafner .
Sheffield has two universities , the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University .
Luigi de Agostini ( born April 7 , 1961 ) is an Italian former football defender , who represented the Italian national football team at Euro 1988 and the 1990 FIFA World Cup .
In philosophy , theory ( from ancient Greek theoria , , meaning '' a looking at , viewing , beholding '' ) refers to contemplation or speculation , as opposed to action .
Soon after , the duo began teaming with Joey Matthews , later known as Joey Mercury .
Gary Kelly ( born 9 July 1974 in Drogheda , County Louth ) is an Irish former professional footballer who played his entire professional career with Leeds United .
Ebisu ( , , , ) , also transliterated Yebisu or called Hiruko ( ) or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami ( ) , is the Japanese god of fishermen , good luck , and workingmen , as well as the guardian of the health of small children .
The only thing special about the equator is that all days of the year , solstices included , have roughly the same length of about 12 hours , so that it makes no sense to talk about summer and winter .
The Black Sea was a significant naval theatre of World War I and saw both naval and land battles during World War II .
He served as the 23rd President of the Senate of the Philippines from 2000-2001 .
Synesthesia is also sometimes reported by individuals under the influence of psychedelic drugs , after a stroke , during a temporal lobe epilepsy seizure , or as a result of blindness or deafness .
The North South Line Marina South Extension is a fully underground southward extension from Marina Bay Station .
Only the sauropod Cetiosaurus has been discovered dating from this time period .
Herbert Spencer Gasser ( July 5 , 1888 -- May 11 , 1963 ) was an American physiologist , and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1944 for his work with action potentials in nerve fibers while on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis , awarded jointly with Joseph Erlanger .
Thuram holds the record for most appearances at the European Championship , with 16 .
Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviors that are preserved in the material record , such as the Maglemosian and Azilian cultures .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
Physical changes occur when objects undergo a change that does not change their chemical nature . A physical change involves a change in physical properties .
This is because none of the country 's ministries are actually located in the capital .
A magnet has a polarity , in that one end is the '' north '' and the other is the '' south '' .
Some of these pies are pies in name only , such as the Boston cream pie , which is a cake . Many fruit and berry pies are very similar , varying only the fruit used in filling .
Boy ( 1980s band ) , a 1980s American rock group
All the rubble was carted away , and the nave was ready for use by Palm Sunday .
Scarlino appeared before the year 100 as a possession of the Aldobrandeschi family , and was later handed over to the bishops of Roselle and then the Alberti family .
On December 8 , 2008 , President Barack Obama announced he would nominate retired army General Eric Shinseki to be the 7th Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
The Aegean Sea lies to the east and south of mainland Greece , while the Ionian Sea lies to the west .
On 4 February 2000 , Archer was expelled from the Conservative Party for five years .
Gadsden County is the only predominantly African-American county in Florida .
Seeing this as a sign from God he adopted the golden cross against a blue background as his banner , though the golden cross was changed later to a yellow cross due to practicality .
Analysis An Inspector Calls shows the inter-connectivity of people in the drama of human existence , and reflects Priestley 's socialist views whilst outlining the problems he saw with capitalism .
Alcohol intoxication ( also known as drunkenness or being drunk or inebriated ) is a physiological state occurring when an organism has a high level of ethanol in its bloodstream , or when ethanol otherwise causes the physiological effect known as drunkenness .
However in recent years an additional escalator has been installed in place of the fixed stairway at Brixton ( 2004 ) and Vauxhall ( 2006 ) .
Call is revealed to be an android after Wren betrays the group .
Other resources include illustrated information on all works in Tate 's Collection of British and Modern international art , structured and informal e-learning opportunities for all visitors , over 400 hours of archived webcast events , all articles from the magazine Tate Etc. , and a series of bespoke net art commissions .
Noon , Patrick , et al. , Crossing the Channel : British and French Painting in the Age of Romanticism , p. 58 , Tate Publishing , 2003 .
The Cat Who Played Post Office (/O1987/O)
He also conducted at La Scala in Milan .
Beechwood Village is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
In 2004 the book was sold to Miramax Books for enough money that Riordan could quit his job to focus on writing .
These people were living in the central plains of KwaZulu-Natal until the expansion of Bantu people from the north sometime during the last millennium .
Concerts include the YCAT Wigmore Lunchtime Series and concert series at the South Bank Purcell Room and the Bridgewater Hall in Manchester .
February & ndash ; Byzantine emperor Alexius IV is overthrown in a revolution , and Alexius V is proclaimed emperor .
Black Pepper ( or perhaps long pepper ) was believed to cure illness such as constipation , diarrhea , Limonene , Safrole , earache , gangrene , heart disease , hernia , hoarseness , indigestion , insect bites , insomnia , joint pain , liver problems , lung disease , oral abscesses , sunburn , tooth decay , and toothaches .
They occur at depths ranging to about 400 metres , but mainly between 0 to 70 metres .
MIT makes an implementation of Kerberos freely available , under copyright permissions similar to those used for BSD .
Dante went to Verona as a guest of Bartolomeo I della Scala , then moved to Sarzana in Liguria .
Sometimes called the Damask plum , damsons are commonly used in the preparation of jams and jellies . The plum spirit slivovitz is made from fermented damson fruit .
They had four children : Moon Unit , Dweezil , Ahmet Emuukha Rodan and Diva Thin Muffin Pigeen .
This led Mohammed Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan , to proclaim that the Award of the Boundary Commission was unjust , incomprehensible and perverse .
Sound Horizon 's first major release was in 2004 , with the album Elysion ~ Rakuen e no Zens kyoku ~ ( lit .
Each of the countries of the United Kingdom has a separate education system with power over education devolved to Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales .
It is the first facility built specifically for the Twins , as Metropolitan Stadium was built for the Minneapolis Millers five years before the Twins came to Minnesota and the Metrodome was built as a multipurpose stadium for the Twins , Minnesota Vikings and the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers football team - the 2010 season was the first since 1936 in which the franchise did not share their home stadium with an NFL team .
The province is full of reminders of the Cuban Revolution , and the Cuban Wars of Independence , plaques in the mountain commemorating the 1959 struggle against Fulgencio Batista .
It is thinner than continental crust , or sial , generally less than 10 kilometers thick , however it is denser , having a mean density of about 3.3 grams per cubic centimeter .
The depression headed roughly west , and was torn apart by vertical shear on September 8 without affecting land .
He spent most of his life in North Mississippi , working as a sharecropper and a commercial fisherman , as well as playing guitar at weekend house parties .
Polo is not always played on ponies , canoe polo , cycle polo , camel polo , elephant polo , golf cart polo , Segway polo , BMX polo , yak polo and water polo also exist ; however most of these variants are not played at a professional level .
Answers to the paradox include that since God is supposedly omnipotent , the phrase '' could not lift '' does not make sense and the paradox is meaningless , and that logical impossibilities do not fall under the omnipotence of God .
Acute mania in bipolar disorder is typically treated with mood stabilizers and/or antipsychotic medication .
The song hit number-one in 31 countries and helped establish the group as a '' global phenomenon '' .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( , ) is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
Anvari accuses Mu'izzi of copying the verses of other poets ( which can not be proven for certain ) , yet Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi 's verses .
Solzhenitsyn was the father of Ignat Solzhenitsyn , a conductor and pianist .
Anders Celsius ( 27 November 1701 25 April 1744 ) was a Swedish astronomer .
They were paired again for a song on the TV series '
Leadership at prayer falls into three categories , depending on the type of prayer : five daily prayers , Friday prayer , or optional prayers .
This set became the primary set for Jeopardy ! on September 14 , 2009 .
Beato Angelico ; Monographia Storica della Vita e delle Opere con Un ' Appendice di Nuovi Documenti Inediti .
Walter Zenga ( born 28 April 1960 in Milan ) is a retired Italian footballer and current manager .
The regional capital is Potenza .
Their debut album The Back Room was released in 2005 .
Spencer Perceval , KC ( 1 November 1762 -- 11 May 1812 ) was a British statesman and Prime Minister .
The town of Alice Springs straddles the usually dry Todd River on the northern side of the MacDonnell Ranges .
In the past it was also sometimes called the Kennington Oval .
Knickerbocker Bears gained the license to produce Smokey bear dolls in 1944 .
Francis Jean Marcel Poulenc ( ( 7 January 1899 - 30 January 1963 ) was a French composer and a member of the French group Les Six .
A text file exists within a computer file system .
When the First World War began in 1914 , Kellner was called up for active duty as a sergeant and deputy-officer in the Prinz Carl Infantry Regiment ( 4 .
It also includes many small villages like Minapin , Hope and Hispar etc. .
Preston M. '' Pete '' Geren , III ( born January 29 , 1952 in Fort Worth , Texas ) has served as the 20th and current United States Secretary of the Army since July 16 , 2007 .
Karl Ernst Adolf Anderssen ( July 6 , 1818 - March 13 , 1879 ) was a German chess master .
The minimal FreeBSD 7.2 distribution , web interface , PHP scripts , and documentation are based on m0n0wall .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the '' Giant of Provence '' , or '' The Bald Mountain '' .
It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Province of Liege .
The Sting CD and DVD were taken directly from an experimental webcast that Lawless claims to have had no control over .
The Ender 's Game series ( sometimes called Ender series or Enderverse ) is a series of science fiction books by Orson Scott Card .
After World War I , it was part of the People 's State of Hesse .
It was founded in Porto in 1893 .
Year 1295 ( MCCXCV ) was a common year starting on Saturday
Justin Towell of GamesRadar UK expressed disappointment , both that the games were not announced for the planned Nintendo 3DS handheld , and that the names evoked an image of obsolete Game Boy technology .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery , KBE ( born 25 August 1930 ) , more commonly known as Sean Connery , is a Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards and three Golden Globes .
It can also refer to the right of bestowing offices or church benefices , the business given to a store by a regular customer , and the guardianship of saints .
The Socratic method ( or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate ) , named after the Classical Greek philosopher Socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate critical thinking and to illuminate ideas .
Victor Karl Hammer ( September 9 , 1882 - October 7 , 1967 ) , was an Austrian-born American painter , sculptor , printer , and typographer .
In 1684 , the Qing Dynasty conquered Taiwan and established Taiwan-fu ( Taiwan Government ) as the first official local government in Taiwan .
Eucalyptus oil is readily steam distilled from the leaves and can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small quantities in food supplements , especially sweets , cough drops , toothpaste and decongestants .
Also in 1964 , Jordan constructed a channel that diverted water from the Yarmouk River , another main tributary of the Jordan River .
Folds are pearly white in color - whiter in females than they are in males .
Leningrad In 1945 , Petr Shelokhonov became a piano student at the Kiev Conservatory of Music , he also played the accordion on stage , albeit his plan was to become an actor in Leningrad .
See also Wars of Scottish Independence First War of Scottish Independence References Primary Anonimalle Chronicle , 1333-81 , ed .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
A coin to pay Charon for passage , usually an obolus or danake , was sometimes placed in or on the mouth of a dead person .
People with prolonged , frequent , or intense contact are at particularly high risk of becoming infected , with an estimated 22 % infection rate .
date unknown & ndash ; Edmund de Ros , 11th Baron de Ros , English politician ( d. 1508 )
A Fanfare is a short piece of music played by trumpets and other brass instruments , frequently accompanied by percussion , usually for ceremonial purposes ( usually for royalty or important people ) .
The exact moment and place that the erectional phenomenon of human government developed is lost in time ; however , history does record the formations of very early governments .
In recent decades , an alternative doctrine known as '' Oneness '' has been espoused among various Pentecostal groups ( see below ) , but has been rejected by the remainder of Christendom .
The system is about officer safety and arose out of the violence of the 1970s/80s in New York City .
In biology , binomial nomenclature is the formal system of naming species .
Gears of War sold over three million copies in just ten weeks and was the fastest-selling video game of 2006 , and was the second-most played game over Xbox Live during .
According to the plan , the International Space Station program would combine the proposed space stations of all participant agencies : NASA 's Freedom , the RSA 's Mir-2 ( with DOS-8 later becoming Zvezda ) , ESA 's Columbus , and the Japanese Kib laboratory .
He then changes his grade and does the same for his friend and classmate Jennifer Mack ( Ally Sheedy ) .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
From there , he requested a transfer to the submarine forces , which became effective in October 1916 .
The Carolina Panthers played their first game at the stadium on September 14 , 1996 .
December 7 & ndash ; Gilbert de Clare , 6th Earl of Hertford , English politician ( b. 1243 )
The Rangers were the first NHL franchise in the United States to win the Stanley Cup , which they have done four times ( most recently in 1994 ) .
The term is particularly related to the protection and realization of existing rights , such as the right to privacy or freedom of expression ( see freedom of information ) , in the context of new digital technologies , especially the Internet .
Judith
For example , the creation of argon fluorohydride ( HArF ) , a marginally stable compound of argon with fluorine and hydrogen , was reported by researchers at the University of Helsinki in 2000 . Although the neutral ground-state chemical compounds of argon are presently limited to HArF , argon can form clathrates with water when atoms of it are trapped in a lattice of the water molecules .
Over a period of three and a half months , Sir David managed to halt the decline and circulation increased to 840,000 .
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the Constitution Act , 1867 created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
Pitar 's close friends are Carpediem , who enunciates Latin phrases and quotes the writers of Classical Antiquity , and Lao , who frequently refers to Chinese philosophy .
The temple of Castor and Pollux ( ) is an ancient edifice in the Roman Forum , Rome , central Italy .
It claims that many people are leaving lemons in the department store , just like the main character in Motojiro Kajii 's short story titled LEMON .
St. Matthews is the 20th largest city in Kentucky , United States and is a prominent suburb of Louisville .
Temse is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Major towns See List of places in Surrey The largest town in Surrey is Guildford with 66,773 ; Woking is a close second with a population of 62,796 .
Leftover Salmon is a jam band from Boulder , Colorado , formed in 1989 .
Streicher joined the German Army in 1914 .
Charles Augustus joined Prussia in the War of the Third Coalition against France and after the loss to France in the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , he was forced to join the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 .
Alessio Tacchinardi ( born July 23 , 1975 in Crema , Lombardy ) is a retired Italian footballer who played as defensive midfielder and spent the vast majority of his career playing for Juventus FC , winning 17 official trophies with the club .
Ken Follett ( born June 5 , 1949 ) is a British author of thrillers and historical novels .
The associated royal palace will be the birth place of King Charles I.
Grand Duchess Tatiana 's siblings were Grand Duchesses Olga , Maria , Anastasia , and the hemophiliac Tsarevich Alexei of Russia .
He has received international attention from playing Merry in Peter Jackson 's adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings and for his role as Charlie Pace on the television show Lost .
In Sweden , people named Lars are commonly nicknamed Lasse .
It is the capital of Upper Franconia and has a population of 73,048 citizens ( 2008 ) .
It is the principal source of information about the absolute age of rocks and other geological features , including the age of the Earth itself , and can be used to date a wide range of natural and man-made materials .
The Province of Ferrara is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
Later , in 1979 , he participated in Luna Park by Enzo Trapani , and Fantastico .
Please refrain from making unconstructive edits to Wikipedia .
In 2006 , Thile formed the How to Grow a Band , with whom he recorded How to Grow a Woman from the Ground , Thile 's fifth album .
Almaviva pays off the musicians who then depart , leaving him to brood alone .
Colorado State University Fact Book 2007-2008 .
James B. Angell , who served as the university 's president from 1871 to 1909 , aggressively expanded UM 's curriculum to include professional studies in dentistry , architecture , engineering , government , and medicine .
Secure Shell or SSH is a network protocol that allows data to be exchanged using a secure channel between two networked devices .
The most famous version is that of Claes Janszoon Visscher , which was published in 1609 on the occasion of the Twelve Years ' Truce .
Patrick Allen McLoughlin ( born 30 November 1957 , in Stafford ) is a British Conservative Party politician .
Until the mid-19th century , it was predominantly an agricultural community -- its name , as well as that of the Matterhorn itself , derives from the alpine meadows , or matten , in the valley .
In physics , dissipation embodies the concept of a dynamical system where important mechanical modes , such as waves or oscillations , lose energy over time , typically due to the action of friction or turbulence .
The word '' longevity '' is sometimes used as a synonym for '' life expectancy '' in demography or to connote '' long life '' , especially when it concerns someone or something lasting longer than expected ( an ancient tree , for example ) .
Recycling is a key component of modern waste reduction and is the third component of the '' Reduce , Reuse , Recycle '' waste hierarchy .
Her primary stock in trade consisted of invertebrate fossils such as ammonite and belemnite shells , which were common in the area and sold for a few shillings .
In the atmospheric electrical discharge , a leader of a bolt of lightning can travel at speeds of , and can reach temperatures approaching , hot enough to fuse silica sand into glass channels known as fulgurites which are normally hollow and can extend some distance into the ground .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
Burke County is part of the Hickory & ndash ; Lenoir & ndash ; Morganton Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Billericay is within the London Basin and lies on a mixture of London Clay , Claygate Beds and Bagshot Beds .
In 2001 , the town had a population of 138,959 .
Inevitably , there was a great deal of speculation about the status of stadium construction in the run-up to the 2010 FIFA World Cup , with the requirement that all the FIFA World Cup host stadiums must be completed by January 2010 .
Mines can be laid in many ways : by purpose-built minelayers , refitted ships , submarines , or aircraft -- and even by dropping them into a harbor by hand .
El Gato Negro ( The Black Cat ) is the name of two fictional American comic book superheroes created by Richard Dominguez and featured in the Azteca Productions ' Universe .
The worst of the effects of Isabel occurred in Virginia , especially in the Hampton Roads area and along the shores of the James River as far north as Richmond and Washington , DC .
This copy came to Salisbury because Elias of Dereham , who was present at Runnymede in 1215 , was given the task of distributing some of the original copies .
Sea snakes , or seasnakes , are venomous elapid snakes that inhabit marine environments for most or all of their lives .
It is a popular tourist destination , as its high peaks make skiing possible in one of Europe 's most southerly ski resorts , in an area along the Mediterranean Sea predominantly known for its warm temperatures and abundant sunshine .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 family comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures . It is directed by Raja Gosnell and released on October 3 , 2008 .
A machine fills cups with margarine , and is supposed to be adjusted so that the content of the cups is 250 g of margarine .
A paddle controller and an updated self-centering version of the original controller were also in development , but never made it to market .
It is an established posture of the Hindu Yoga tradition .
Malam Jabba is home to the largest ski resort in Pakistan .
Plasmids can be considered part of the mobilome because they are often associated with conjugation , a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer .
The song , performed in Serbian , was the Serbian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 and finished 13th with 72 points .
It is the center for Wiltshire Council , a unitary authority created in April 2009 which replaced ( for relevant purposes ) West Wiltshire District Council and the former Wiltshire County Council .
Kevin Daniel Kilbane ( ; born 1 February 1977 in Preston , Lancashire ) is an English-born Irish footballer who plays as a left-sided midfielder for Huddersfield Town of the Football League One , on loan from Hull City .
After the flight , Lindbergh became an important voice on behalf of aviation activities , including the central committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States .
An intermission or interval ' is a break between parts of performances or sessions , in events such as a theatrical play , opera or musical concert .
While China ultimately did not sign the Simla Convention , a similar treaty , the tripartite Treaty of Kyakhta , was signed by Mongolia , the Republic of China and Russia on 25 May 1915 .
Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
This was the debut of vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden .
In Galveston , the western beach had its public beach boundary shifted back about .
Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
They play their games at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise and are currently the southernmost team in the NHL .
In January 2009 , the group 's website announced the release of their fourth single , a cover of the Depeche Mode song '' Just Ca n't Get Enough '' as one of the official Comic Relief 2009 singles .
Two fossils were found in the Lujiatun bed of the lower Yixian Formation in China , about 125 million years ago ( Ma ) during the Aptian age .
The blood is pumped by three separate hearts , two of which are used for pumping blood to the cuttlefish 's pair of gills ( one heart for each gill ) , and the third for pumping blood around the rest of the body .
Frescos A late-Gothic representation of Saint Michael is , after the Saint Christopher in Wissembourg , the largest of its kind in France .
Immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors proceeded to the Castra Praetoria , the camp of the praetorian guard .
He is the captain of the Romanian national team and currently plays for Internazionale of the Italian Serie A/O. He usually plays as a left back but can play as a center back as well as in defensive midfield when needed .
Currently , EA 's most successful products are sports games published under its EA Sports label , games based on popular movie licenses such as Harry Potter and games from long-running franchises like Need for Speed , Medal of Honor , The Sims , Battlefield and the later games in the Burnout and Command & Conquer series .
WrestleMania XXVI was the twenty-sixth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on March 28 , 2010 at the University of Phoenix Stadium in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale , Arizona .
There are three levels of NUTS defined , with two levels of local administrative units ( LAUs ) below .
Alaska Bible College , Glennallen
This view argues that the establishment of a contractual basis of rights would lead to the market mechanism and capitalism , the scientific method , religious tolerance , and the organization of states into self-governing republics through democratic means .
Central America ( ) is the central geographic region of the Americas .
Richard David James ( born 18 August 1971 ) , aka Aphex Twin , is an electronic musician .
List of professional teams
In June 1938 , Freud left Vienna aboard the Orient Express train and settled in London .
King Magnus I of Sweden founds a Swedish nobility by enacting a law accepting a contribution of a cavalry-member in lieu of ordinary tax payments .
John Wesley was born in 1703 in Epworth , 23 miles ( 37 km ) northwest of Lincoln , England , the fifteenth child of Samuel Wesley and his wife Susanna Annesley .
The common name periwinkle is shared with the related genus Catharanthus ( and also with the common seashore mollusc , Littorina littorea ) .
They appeared in a total 7 episodes of the show .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
The Bay of Plenty is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
She resumed her westward journey on 26 December , rounded the Cape of Good Hope on 13 March 1771 , and reached the English port of Dover on 12 July , having been at sea for nearly three years .
The river rises in the central highland of New South Wales , part of the Great Dividing Range , 13 km east of Gunning .
At the end of the war , he moved to Paris , working almost exclusively in charcoal and lithography .
Administrators may fully protect the user talk page of a blocked user if the page is being used for continued inappropriate editing by sock puppet accounts of the blocked user .
Stanley Smith Stevens ( 4 November 1906 -- 18 January 1973 ) was an American psychologist who founded Harvard 's Psycho-Acoustic Laboratory and is credited with the introduction of Stevens ' power law .
In science , thermodynamics ( from the Greek therme , meaning '' heat '' Oxford American Dictionary and , dynamis , meaning force ) is the study of energy conversion between heat and mechanical work , and subsequently the macroscopic variables such as temperature , volume and pressure .
Mission ( Christian ) , Christian missionary movement
Archer travelled to Melbourne by steamboat yet again the next year ( 1863 ) .
Sassy is a commune in the [ [ disparagement in France | compartment ] ] of Calvinism in the Basse-Normandie region in France .
In 1921 , he was the honorary president of the Second International Congress of Eugenics held under the auspices of the American Museum of Natural History in New York .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna ( Zaglossus bartoni ) , also known as Barton 's Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
Languages The official language of Zambia is English , which is used to conduct official business and is the medium of instruction in schools .
Here , at the Scottish border it joins the A74 ( M ) which continues to Glasgow .
McCullough , Helen Craig (/O1959/O) : pp .
Since then Davenport has played roles in many successful films and TV series , including The Talented Mr. Ripley , Coupling , and Ultraviolet , as well as the box office smash ' , and its sequels , ' and ' .
Readers may suggest additions or corrections which are later vetted by an NNDB staff member .
Ron Hornbaker conceived the idea for what is now known as BookCrossing in March 2001 .
Today , silicon is purified by converting it to a silicon compound that can be more easily purified by distillation than in its original state , and then converting that silicon compound back into pure silicon . Trichlorosilane is the silicon compound most commonly used as the intermediate , although silicon tetrachloride and silane are also used .
Worth , by now a junior partner in the firm , urged his partners to expand into dressmaking , but they hesitated to risk their reputation in a business as low-class as dressmaking .
The industrial revolution bypassed the town as it had little to offer in the way of natural resources , and thus has grown into more a commuter settlement , however it retains its function as a service center for the surrounding area of Avondale .
Blaqk Audio is an electronic music band formed by current AFI members Davey Havok and Jade Puget under Interscope Records .
Basic concept In-order processors In earlier processors , the processing of instructions is normally done in these steps : Instruction fetch .
Thalassa was named after a daughter of Aether and Hemera from Greek mythology .
Cherie Blair QC ( born 23 September 1954 ) , known professionally as Cherie Booth QC , is a British barrister working in the legal system of England and Wales .
Les Mujouls is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Livingstone introduced and has been a strong proponent of the Oyster card smartcard ticketing system for London 's public transport network introduced in 2003 .
It has an area of 4,504 km , and a total population of 211,086 (/O2001/O) .
While historians concur that the result itself was not manipulated , the voting process was neither free nor secret .
Christian Felix Klein ( 25 April 1849 - 22 June 1925 ) was a German mathematician , known for his work in group theory , function theory , non-Euclidean geometry , and on the connections between geometry and group theory .
Edward Seymour , 1st Duke of Somerset , 1st Earl of Hertford , 1st Viscount Beauchamp of Hache , KG , Earl Marshal ( c. 1506 -- 22 January 1552 ) was Lord Protector of England in the period between the death of Henry VIII in 1547 and his own indictment in 1549 .
Figaro finally lets on that he has recognized Susanna 's voice , and they make peace , resolving to conclude the comedy together .
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Ferrari successfully defended their Constructors ' title .
In later works , beginning with Queen of Angels and continuing with its sequel , Slant , Bear gives a detailed description of a near-future nanotechnological society .
It was released on July 20 , 2010 by Wind-up Records and debuted at # 103 on the Billboard 200 .
Established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares in the Qionglai Mountains region .
The hill is traditionally a place for weekend trips .
The Lady Louise Mountbatten-WindsorB ( b 2003 ) daughter of The Earl of Wessex
The Choir has commissioned many works from distinguished composers , many of whom are better known for their contribution to Anglican music , such as Benjamin Britten and Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The gazebo was relocated by the garden club to a prominent outcropping closer to the highway to serve as a landmark gateway into the community .
Numerous words were borrowed from existing languages , but less and less obviously as Tolkien progressed , so that attempts to match a source to a particular Elvish word or name in works published during his lifetime are often very dubious .
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to him in 1919 for his discoveries relating to immunity .
Throughout her career , many of her songs have hit number one on the record charts , including '' Like a Virgin '' , '' Papa Do n't Preach '' , '' Like a Prayer '' , '' Vogue '' , '' Frozen '' , '' Music '' , '' Hung Up '' , and '' 4 Minutes '' .
June -- The 17th edition of the Mediterranean Games will begin in Volos and Larisa , Greece .
Von Krosigk was also Foreign Minister in the provisional government , an office which had next to no purpose given the state of Germany and its administration at the time .
Prior to the discovery and naming of actinium , the abbreviation Ac ( or AC ) was sometimes used in chemical formulas to indicate the acetate ion .
Early years Chelsea Clinton was born in Little Rock , Arkansas .
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
After fluctuating in intensity , interaction with land weakened Pauline to a Category 2 by the time it made landfall on October 9 .
A more frequently cited example is Euripides ' '' Medea '' in which the '' deus ex machina '' is used to convey Medea , who has just committed murder and infanticide , away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens .
Aivazovsky was born in the town of Feodosiya ( Theodosia ) , Crimea ( Russian Empire ) ( modern-day Ukraine ) to a poor Armenian family .
November 7 & ndash ; Lucerne joins the Swiss Confederation with Uri , Schwyz , and Unterwalden .
In 1999 , Aguilera came to prominence following her debut album Christina Aguilera , which was a commercial success spawning three number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 -- '' Genie in a Bottle , '' '' What a Girl Wants , '' and '' Come On Over Baby ( All I Want Is You ) .
The fourth named storm of the season , Dog developed on August 30 to the east of Antigua ; after passing through the northern Lesser Antilles , it turned to the north and intensified into a Category 5 hurricane .
The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to none for their fifth straight Stanley Cup , a feet unmatched to this day .
Independence Day ) on 5 Iyar of every year according to the Hebrew calendar .
Chase lives with her mother Cathy Chase and was raised in Albany , Oregon , before moving to Los Angeles , California to pursue her career ( although she still spends much of her time in Albany ) .
He currently plays for Sport .
Discovery of LSD Hofmann joined the pharmaceutical-chemical department of Sandoz Laboratories ( now Novartis ) , located in Basel as a co-worker with professor Arthur Stoll , founder and director of the pharmaceutical department [ ] .
Naresuan University is a government sponsored university in Phitsanulok , northern Thailand .
There are large lakes found here and the biggest Swiss cities are in this area of the country .
George Catlett Marshall ( December 31 , 1880 - October 16 , 1959 ) was an American military leader , Chief of Staff of the Army , Secretary of State , and the third Secretary of Defense .
They are usually made of cardboard , colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme ( superhero , princess , or any other creative design ) and filled with candy , chocolates , small toys and confetti .
Coca-Cola is a carbonated soft drink sold in the stores , restaurants , and vending machines of more than 200 countries .
In the 2005 general election , Mundell was elected as MP for the Dumfriesshire , Clydesdale and Tweeddale constituencyBBC News .
Among 4 Talukas of District Larkana , this taluka is located in south of Larkana city .
Argenteuil ( ) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Lake Garda ( Italian : Lago di Garda or Benaco ) is the largest lake in Italy .
NC 12 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the northeastern shoreline of North Carolina , linking the islands of the Outer Banks .
Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford , which includes the City of Oxford , England , and the surrounding countryside as far north as Banbury .
Generally , fried foods which are coated with breadcrumbs are considered to be furai , Japanese-invented Western-style deep fried foods , such as tonkatsu or ebi furai ( fried prawn ) .
Margaret of Blois ( died 1230 ) ( French : Marguerite ) , was countess of Blois from 1218 to 1230 .
It also introduced the concept of the natural rate of unemployment and argued that labor market equilibrium is independent of the rate of inflation , thus there is no long run tradeoff between unemployment and inflation .
According to the 2007 census , it has a population of 205,258 inhabitants ( 144,282 people in 29,886 households in census 2000 ) Geography Land Area Sta .
The Neolithic Revolution is the first agricultural revolution -- the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture and settlement .
Geography It is located on Lake Constance where it narrows to form the Untersee , bordering with Konstanz in Germany .
Many new ideas generated during the planning process were not described in the original documents .
The Unicode character '' ( U +266 D ) is the flat sign .
However , as this was essentially just a 65XE computer with a detachable keyboard , it was able to run most of the home computer titles directly .
George II ( ) ( died in 1585 ) , of the Bagrationi Dynasty , was a king of Imereti from 1565 to 1585 .
The native forest is filled with paths for strolling .
Xevious has been ported to multiple other formats , including the Atari 7800 , Atari 8-bit , NEC PC Engine , and Nintendo Entertainment System game consoles , as well as the MSX , ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC , Apple II and Atari ST home computers .
Aluminium poles are considerably cheaper and stronger , so may be preferred by punt stations offering punts for hire to inexperienced punters ; however , it is normally possible to choose either type .
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin ( November 25 , 1862 - February 17 , 1901 ) was an American pianist and composer .
The term is particularly related to the protection and realization of existing rights , such as the right to privacy or freedom of expression ( see freedom of information ) , in the context of new digital technologies , especially the Internet .
This is the same idea as used today when summing vectors .
The Cathedral of Our Lady of Chartres , ( ) , a Latin Rite Catholic cathedral located in Chartres , about southwest of Paris , is considered one of the finest examples in all France of the Gothic style of architecture .
An optical fiber is a thin , flexible , transparent fiber that acts as a waveguide , or '' light pipe '' , to transmit light between the two ends of the fiber .
Kingston upon Hull ( almost invariably abbreviated to Hull ) , a city in the north of England named after the River Hull ( King 's town upon Hull , prior to 1299 Wyke upon Hull )
Phobos and Deimos are both clearly visible in the photograph .
In the end , 40 % of the Kingdom , including the historically significant Wittenberg , home of the Protestant Reformation , was annexed by Prussia , but Frederick Augustus was restored to the throne in the remainder of his kingdom , which still included the major cities of Dresden and Leipzig .
Masahiro Hamazaki ( born March 14 , 1940 in Osaka ) is a Japanese former football player .
Although their last common ancestor did not have wings , birds and bats do , and are capable of powered flight .
Microsoft occasionally releases service packs for its Windows operating systems to fix bugs and add new features .
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw ( French Leeuw-Saint-Pierre ) is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant ( Flemish Region ) .
Father Armand David ( 27 September 1826 near Bayonne -- 10 November 1900 in Paris ) was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist .
USB 3.0 connectors are generally backwards compatible , but include new wiring and full duplex operation .
The 2009 census put the population at more than 39 million people . The population of metropolitan Khartoum ( including Khartoum , Omdurman , and Khartoum North ) is growing rapidly and is estimated at about five to seven million , including around two million displaced persons from the southern war zone as well as western and eastern drought-affected areas .
He was also the recipient of the Calder Trophy in 1949 .
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as '' Achmed Sukarno '' .
Cast Main characters Jaime Wells Sommers ( Michelle Ryan ) is a bartender who is involved in a near fatal car accident and becomes the Bionic Woman .
For accuracy , most sensors are calibrated against known standards . Sensors are used in everyday objects such as touch-sensitive elevator buttons ( tactile sensor ) and lamps which dim or brighten by touching the base .
Podari is a commune in Dolj County , Romania .
Randle Patrick McMurphy , the protagonist of Ken Kesey 's novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest
Schwerin von Krosigk died in 1977 in the city of Essen , North Rhine-Westphalia , West Germany , aged 89 .
During the 1930 - 31 season , City manager Peter Hodge decided that Busby 's talents could be better exploited from the half-back line , with Busby playing the right-half role . In his new position , Busby built up a reputation as an intelligent player and a finer passer of the ball .
The Fairly OddParents ceased production in 2006 , but it was announced on Hartman 's website on February 2 , 2007 that 20 more episodes will be produced .
Reviews and quotes about Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as '' a great book which should wake up humankind . ''
DSC Arminia Bielefeld ( full name : Deutscher Sportclub Arminia Bielefeld e.V. ; also known as '' Die Arminen '' or '' Die Blauen '' is a German sports club from Bielefeld , North Rhine-Westphalia .
During morphogenesis , totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
The Montes Taurus were named by Johannes Hevelius after the Taurus Mountains in southern Turkey .
It is the state capital of Rio de Janeiro .
He was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church .
Or another way of putting it : a nanometer is the amount a man 's beard grows in the time it takes him to raise the razor to his face .
Strict avalanche criterion The strict avalanche criterion ( SAC ) is a generalization of the avalanche effect .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Hemoglobin is the most common respiratory protein found in nature .
Her father Peter Yorke , a sea captain and successful merchant , died in 1815 .
Under Koussevitzky , the orchestra gave regular radio broadcasts and established its summer home at Tanglewood , where Koussevitzky founded the Berkshire Music Center , which is now the Tanglewood Music Center .
In the end , Mephistopheles wins the argument and Faust signs the contract with a drop of his own blood .
Viriato Clemente da Cruz , an Angolan poet and politician , was born in 1928 in Kikuvo , Angola and died in Beijing , China on 13 June 1973 .
It was released in North America on February 12 , 2007 , in Europe on February 16 , 2007 , and in Japan on February 27 , 2007 .
The leaves are pinnately compound , or ternate , and usually 20 - 100 cm long .
Scholars traditionally divide Slavic languages on the basis of geographical distribution into three main branches , some of which feature subbranches :
IDD is a three-letter acronym that can refer to : Insulin-dependent diabetes International Direct Dialling ( see the List of country calling codes ) Iodine deficiency disorders .
Its cultivation consumes much of the country 's agricultural resources .
The film was released in 1996 .
It is composed of 4 MCs ; Ryo-Z , Ilmari , Pes & Su , and 1 DJ , Fumiya .
Carbonated water , also known as sparkling water , fizzy water , seltzer , and water with gas , ( collectively as an aerated beverage ) , is plain water into which carbon dioxide gas has been dissolved , and is the major and defining component of most soft drinks .
Hall and his gang were famous for stealing 77 kg of gold and # 3,700 from the near-by town of Eugowra in 1862 .
In mathematics , the exponential function is the function e ` x , where e is the number ( approximately 2.718281828 ) such that the function e ` x equals its own derivative .
August 4 & ndash ; Gian Galeazzo Visconti succeeds his father , Galeazzo II Visconti , as ruler of Milan .
The three most common allotropes are metallic gray , yellow and black arsenic .
the Dead Kennedys have seen one of their albums reach gold status over a period of 25 years .
A dot may be raised at any of the six positions to form sixty-four ( 26 ) permutations , including the arrangement in which no dots are raised .
The large masses are called '' volcanic bombs '' ; they have mostly a rounded , elliptical or pear-shaped form owing to rotation in the air before they solidified .
On the show , professional MMA fighters that have usually yet to make a big name for themselves are situated in a house outside of Las Vegas , Nevada and compete against each other for the title of The Ultimate Fighter , winning a six-figure , multi-fight contract with the UFC .
& Ethics I. 822\/2 , 1908 : '' The rock-paintings are either stenciled or painted in outline . ''
It was released in 1995 for DOS and Apple Macintosh , and in 1996 for the Sony PlayStation .
It is the 6th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animators ( some of whom later became directors ) at Walt Disney Productions who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs onward to The Rescuers .
The event triggers many similar nonviolent protests throughout the Southern United States , and 6 months later the original 4 protesters are served lunch at the same counter .
It also provided for an administration board to govern the principality until a permanent form of government could be established .
See also the Transwiki log , and Help : Import on Meta .
The palace is full of examples of Ottoman architecture and also contains large collections of porcelain , robes , weapons , shields , armor , Ottoman miniatures , Islamic calligraphic manuscripts and murals , as well as a display of Ottoman treasure and jewelry .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
Robert Arthur Allison ( born December 3 , 1937 ) is a former NASCAR Winston Cup driver and was named one of NASCAR 's 50 greatest drivers .
Boussu is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The most magnificent iwan of the mosque is the one facing the Qibla measuring high .
While Palpatine re-organizes the Republic into the tyrannical Galactic Empire -- appointing himself Emperor for life -- Vader participates in the extermination of the Jedi Order , culminating in a lightsaber battle between himself and Obi-Wan .
VDSL or VHDSL ( Very High Bitrate DSL ) KPN - KPN starts VDSL trials is a DSL technology providing faster data transmission over a single flat untwisted or twisted pair of copper wires .
He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century .
They are easily torn by the wind , resulting in the familiar frond look .
Occidental spelling according to '' Nations Online '' website .
A Division III topic can be a long written academic paper ( in which case it is best considered as something between a traditional college 's '' bachelor 's '' or '' honors '' thesis and a Master 's or other graduate thesis ) , but it can also be a collection of creative work ( writing , painting , photography , and film are popular choices ) or a hands-on engineering , invention , or social organizing project .
King Olav V of Norway , the first foreigner to be admitted to the Order , was also admitted by special statute in 1962 .
Arcy-Sainte-Restitue is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Melinda Marie Doolittle ( born October 6 , 1977 ) is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
The Swedish Academy was founded in 1786 by King Gustav III .
In May 1670 , with the death of Grand Duke Ferdinando II , Marguerite Louise became Grand Duchess of Tuscany .
An earthquake ( also known as a quake , tremor or temblor ) is the result of a sudden release of energy in the Earth 's crust that creates seismic waves .
Wolong National Nature Reserve ( ) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
'' WP : P '' redirects here .
About 66 % of all Haitians work in the agricultural sector , which consists mainly of small-scale subsistence farming , but this activity makes up only 30 % of the GDP .
May & ndash ; The bubonic plague breaks out in the Tai Ping Shan area of Hong Kong ( by the end of the year , the death toll is 2,552 people ) .
The districts , with their capitals in parenthesis , are :
It tracked towards the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula and then on September 21 turned northwards towards south-west Britain and Ireland .
It is called Early Clan Days .
Retrieved on 21 February 2008 .
Horst Hrubesch ( born 17 April 1951 in Hamm ) is a retired German football player employed As of 2010 as a youth trainer at the German Football Association .
Jewelpet ( With Sanrio and Sega 's Permission )
Shoe moulding may be used between where the lower floor and the first riser meet .
Ursula K. Le Guin has written significant fiction and nonfiction works for a variety of audiences , including children , adults and scholars .
Boy ( s ) or The Boy may also refer to :
During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
Originally drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers second overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft , he won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the top NHL rookie in 2002 .
They feed using a lophophore , a ciliated structure that surrounds the mouth .
The islands are separated by an international border as well as the International Date Line which is approximately 2 k from each island .
The team has not qualified for a major international tournament since 1958 , when it qualified for the 1958 FIFA World Cup .
She also won nine Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title .
It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating , and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with additional required Perl Modules .
Church of San Frediano , built by 1061 , has a basilica interior with three aisles , with a crucifix from the 12th century .
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality .
Arovell 's headquarter lies in Gosau in Upper Austria and has subsidiaries in Vienna and Salzburg .
A signing algorithm which , given a message and a private key , produces a signature .
An exoskeleton is an external skeleton that supports and protects an animal 's body , in contrast to the internal endoskeleton of , for example , a human .
The term is also used for officers that hold authority over individual branches or within a theatre of operationsDupuy , Trevor N. , Curt Johnson , and Grace P. Hayes .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum p is placeholder text ( filler text ) commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
The skin , deeply ribbed and slightly roughened , can grow to be 3 t thick , making them favorable for storage .
Mesocyclones are normally relatively localized : they lie between the synoptic scale ( hundreds of kilometers ) and small scale ( hundreds of meters ) .
The highest point in the county , at , is Ebrington Hill , again on the border with Gloucestershire , at the county 's southwest extremity .
Roman Jacek Giertych ( ; born 27 February 1971 in rem , Poland ) is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
Kedar Joshi ( born 31 December 1979 , in Mumbai ) is a philosopher and writer .
The first Survivor Series event occurred on November 29 , 1987 , scheduled to conflict with NWA 's Starrcade .
In 1868 his paintings were accepted at the Salon , but the exhibition did not bring him any financial or critical success , and neither did any of the subsequent exhibitions .
Ernesto Guevara de la serna was born to Celia de la Serna y Llosa and Ernesto Guevara Lynch on June 14 , 1928 in Rosario , Argentina , the eldest of five children in an Argentine family of Spanish , Basque and Irish descent .
A second version of the album , released on November 4 , 2006 additionally contains the single '' Cupid 's Chokehold '' ( a different recording of the song was featured on their previous album The Papercut Chronicles ) .
Undated The first Diet of Nuremberg is held .
If there are two or more teams tied for first in points in the league , then the Presidents ' Trophy is awarded to the team which has the most wins .
The orchestra appointed its first-ever principal guest conductor , Cristian Mandeal , in 2006 .
The fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type .
In 2005 they won the contract to supply the Canadian Forces Land Command with the C14 Timberwolf MRSWS for $ 4.5 million .
He currently plays in Austria for FC Red Bull Salzburg .
The College of Emergency Medicine is the single authoritative body for emergency medicine in the UK .
Bobsleigh Curling Figure skating Ice hockey Military patrol Nordic skiing Cross-country skiing Nordic combined Ski jumping Speed skating Venues La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins Stade Olympique de Chamonix Participating nations Athletes from 16 nations competed in the first Winter Olympic Games .
The Libertines were an English rock band .
Atlantic Canada is the region of Canada comprising the four provinces located on the Atlantic coast , excluding Quebec : the three Maritime provinces - New Brunswick , Prince Edward Island , and Nova Scotia - and Newfoundland and Labrador .
Eduardo Gory '' Eddie '' Guerrero Llanes ( October 9 , 1967 -- November 13 , 2005 ) was a Mexican-American professional wrestler born into the Guerrero wrestling family .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Pride and Prejudice is a novel by Jane Austen .
Winnipeg ( ) is the capital and largest city of Manitoba , Canada , and is the primary municipality of the Winnipeg Capital Region , with more than sixty percent of Manitoba 's population .
New Oxford Dictionary
In the second featurette , the story of '' Mickey and the Beanstalk '' was narrated by Edgar Bergen in live-action sequences , who , with the help of his ventriloquist 's puppets Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd , told the tale to child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party .
On January 1 , 2006 Sambreville had a total population of 26,949 .
Birch bark also makes an outstanding tinder , as the inner layers will stay dry even through heavy rainstorms .
Its logo is a hollow potato , named Sophia after the Gnostic deity , that serves as a spoof of Wikipedia 's globe logo .
River dolphins are four living species of dolphin which reside in freshwater rivers and estuaries .
There are over 90 different flavors worldwide .
Orchestral arrangements by Johnny Mandel provided the background on When I Look In Your Eyes (/O1999/O) ; more Grammy nominations came along , and she was rewarded as Best Jazz Musician of the Year .
The Bene Gesserit are a key social , religious , and political force in Frank Herbert 's science fiction Dune universe .
Capitol Division ( 1967 -- 1969 )
After a year-and-a-half , the two became engaged to be married , just before he went off to World War II as a Navy torpedo bomber pilot .
It was named so because it can dissolve the so-called royal metals , or noble metals , gold and platinum .
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
February 13 & ndash ; In Lisbon , a peace treaty is established between Afonso VI of Portugal and Carlos II of Spain , by mediation of Charles II of England , where the legitimacy of the Portuguese monarch is recognized .
The Meteorological Service of the Azores issued hurricane warnings for all of the islands .
Some larvae attach small twigs , fecal pellets or pieces of vegetation to the outside of their cocoon in an attempt to disguise it from predators .
His plane stalled , and he was unable to recover control in time before the plane hit the ground .
Barack Hussein Obama II ( ; born August 4 , 1961 ) is the 44th and current President of the United States , having taken office in 2009 .
Auckland has the largest Polynesian population of any city in the world and a higher proportion of people of Asian origin than the rest of New Zealand .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television , along with the rest of his family , in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' on April 19 , 1987 .
Death Angel is a Filipino-American thrash metal band from Concord , California , initially active from 1982 to 1991 and again since 2001 .
Network computing refers to computers working together over a network as opposed to stand alone computers like laptops and home computers . Cloud computing , popularized during 2007 , is an alternate term for network computing .
Under the common law and the Uniform Commercial Code in the United States , merchants are held to a higher standard in the selling of products than those who are not engaged in the sale of goods as a profession .
Roy Atwell as Doc : The leader of the seven dwarves , Doc wears glasses and often mixes up his words .
Assembly of States Parties of the International Criminal Court .
It is also home to the regional offices of the Georgia Tech Economic Development Institute and the Advanced Technology Development Center . The Georgia Tech Savannah campus offers engineering programs in conjunction with Georgia Southern University , South Georgia College , Armstrong Atlantic State University , and Savannah State University .
Addition can slso make something bigger .
The Shadow Cabinet ( also called the Shadow Front Bench ) is a senior group of opposition spokespeople in the Westminster system of government who together under the leadership of the Leader of the Opposition form an alternative cabinet to the government 's , whose members shadow or mark each individual member of the government .
Her independent production company , Ragdoll Productions , was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under .
The largest open space in the city , at around , is Heaton Park .
Cuffies is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Bourgeoisie is a French word that was borrowed directly into English in the specific sense described above .
It joins the Mississippi south of the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul , near the historic Fort Snelling .
Gerard Arthur Way ( born April 9 1977 in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American singer-songwriter and comic book writer who has served as lead vocalist and co-founder of the band My Chemical Romance since its formation in 2001 .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
He also began offering '' a course of study suited to the ability and needs of students . ''
( p. 23-24 ) Although Deming does not use the term in his book , it is credited with launching the Total Quality Management movement .
Frost 's father was a teacher and later an editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin ( which afterwords merged into the San Francisco Examiner ) , and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector .
Richard Philippe Dutruel ( born December 24 , 1972 in Thonon-les-Bains , Haute-Savoie ) is a retired professional French footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
It is 640 k south of Tahiti .
Masakuni Yamamoto ( born April 4 , 1958 in Numazu , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player and is currently a commentator of football match program of NHK .
In later times , during the Ptolemaic period , Anubis was merged with the Greek god Hermes , becoming Hermanubis .
Wesley 's writing and preachings provided the seeds for both the modern Methodist movement and the Holiness movement , which encompass numerous denominations across the world .
Minister of Finance During his short tenure as Minister of Finance , Lafontaine was a main bogeyman of UK Eurosceptics , because among other things he had called for the prompt tax harmonisation of the European Union , the result of which would have been an increase in UK taxes .
The Edmonton Tornado , an event also known as Black Friday to Edmontonians , was a powerful and devastating tornado that ripped through the eastern part of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada and parts of neighbouring Strathcona County on the afternoon of Friday , July 31 , 1987 .
He was sentenced to life in prison in July 1973 and paroled in 1984 , despite objections from the Turkish government .
Sistine Chapel ( ) is the best-known chapel in the Apostolic Palace , the official residence of the Pope in Vatican City .
The current bridge opened on 17 March 1973 and is the latest in a succession of bridges to occupy the spot and claim the name .
In art , she was depicted as a woman , with a stylised papyrus plant above her head .
Yonkers borders the New York City borough of The Bronx and is 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of Manhattan at the cities ' two respective closest points .
In thermodynamics , the thermal efficiency ( eta _ { th } , ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a device that uses thermal energy , such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , a furnace , or a refrigerator for example .
Ochem4free .
Although he retired from full time teaching in 1988 , Hurwicz taught graduate school as professor emeritus most recently in the fall of 2006 .
Gordan Nikolitch ( ; born 1968 ) is a Serbian violinist .
It remained the residence of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932 , when the new Governor-General , Domhnall Ua Buachalla , was installed in a specially hired private mansion in the southside of Dublin .
Pienza , a town and comune in the province of Siena , in the Val d'Orcia in Tuscany ( central Italy ) , between the towns of Montepulciano and Montalcino , is the '' touchstone of Renaissance urbanism .
Most hydroxyapatite ceramics are very porous and lack mechanical strength and are used to coat metal orthopedic devices to aid in forming a bond to bone or as bone fillers .
Accessed on 1 Apr 2010 .
Boston Terriers were particularly popular during the 1920s in the US .
Mombrier is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Acton is a suburban town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States about twenty-one miles west-northwest of Boston along Route 2 west of Concord and about ten miles ( 18 km ) southwest of Lowell .
Independents are small software developers that are not owned by or beholden to a single publisher .
He was a teacher at National College of Arts Lahore .
He currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of Japan 's J. League Division 1 .
Phenotypes result from the expression of an organism 's genes as well as the influence of environmental factors and the interactions between the two .
In special relativity ( or , hypothetically far from all gravitational mass ) , clocks that are moving with respect to an inertial system of observation are measured to be running slower .
Alba has also acknowledged that she has suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder during her childhood .
Thus , for example , the British Prime Minister 's website refers to '' countries within a country '' , stating '' The United Kingdom is made up of four countries : England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
The capital city is Slatina .
; groupstyle \* : CSS styles to apply to the groupN cells .
Another , however , believes that legalizing and regulating prostitution does not improve the situation , but instead makes it worse , creating a parallel illegal prostitution industry , and failing to dissociate the legal part of the sex trade from crime .
Several of these are on recordings they made .
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders fell from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall and the high-powered , high offence , Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
James Allan Black ( born June 1 , 1975 ) is an American professional wrestler who competes under the ring name James Storm . He is currently contracted with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , where he currently holds the TNA World Tag Team Championship with Robert Roode , whom he teams with as Beer Money , Inc. .
While it is officially termed '' Rivest Cipher 4 '' , the RC acronym is alternatively understood to stand for '' Ron 's Code '' Rivest FAQ ( see also RC2 , RC5 and RC6 ) .
The eldest of six children , his siblings are actor Joseph Fiennes ( Shakespeare in Love , Luther , FlashForward ) ; Martha Fiennes , a director ( in her film Onegin , he played the title role ) ; Magnus Fiennes , a composer ; Sophie Fiennes , a filmmaker ; and Jacob Fiennes , a conservationist .
This limit was relaxed in the major re-organization of the 15th edition ; many articles were condensed together , resulting in roughly 65,000 articles in 12 volumes .
In humans , signs and symptoms of riboflavin deficiency ( ariboflavinosis ) include cracked and red lips , inflammation of the lining of mouth and tongue , mouth ulcers , cracks at the corners of the mouth ( angular cheilitis ) , and a sore throat .
The show presents the Austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart .
Ransart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Martin Petyov Petrov ( ) ( born 15 January 1979 in Vratsa , Vratsa Province ) is a Bulgarian football player currently playing for Manchester City in the Premier League .
Equivalently , a surface is orientable if a two-dimensional figure such as in the space can not be moved around the space and back to where it started so that it looks like its own mirror image .
Alabama 's agricultural outputs include poultry and eggs , cattle , plant nursery items , peanuts , cotton , grains such as corn and sorghum , vegetables , milk , soybeans , and peaches .
This aided to their reputation and greatly embarrassed the government of Victoria and the police .
Margate is a seaside town within the Thanet district of East Kent , England .
The dynasty Ardeshir founded would rule for four centuries until overthrown by the Rashidun Caliphate in 651 .
Noritada Saneyoshi ( born 19 October , 1972 in Minamiuwa District , Ehime ) is a Japanese former professional football player who spent his entire senior career at Gamba Osaka .
She became SNLs first female head writer , a milestone she downplays .
Toplessness is the state in which a female does not wear any clothing above her waist .
Music has long played an integral role in Rastafari , and the connection between the movement and various kinds of music has become well known , due to the international fame of reggae musicians such as Bob Marley and Peter Tosh .
In the episode , Mr. Burns falls ill and desperately needs a blood transfusion .
In November 2005 , Black Sabbath were inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame , and in March 2006 , after eleven years of eligibility , the band were inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
It has 60 floors , with 5 basement floors , and is 248 meters ( 813 ft ) tall , making it the 11th tallest building in New York City , the 40th tallest in the United States , and the 137th tallest building in the world .
She is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2007 until 2011 .
The highest point in the region is Kinder Scout , in the Derbyshire Peak District at 2,088 ft ( 636 m ) .
Cook holds degrees from Calvin College , Simon Fraser University and the University of Iowa .
Nott became music director of the Ensemble InterContemporain ( EIC ) in 2000 .
In the seventeenth century in some European countries , it was common for death masks to be used as part of the effigy of the deceased , displayed at state funerals .
Glenview Manor is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Formed in 1990 , the group 's line-up includes drummer Danny Carey , guitarist Adam Jones , and vocalist Maynard James Keenan .
Catholic University of the Holy Conception is a university in Chile .
Control of London is given to Earl Aethelred who marries Alfred 's sister Ethelfleda .
Mickey then shoots Derek in the chest , and Derek dies seconds later .
Laredo ( pronounced , ; ) is the county seat of Webb County , Texas , United States , located on the north bank of the Rio Grande in South Texas , across from Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Recyclable materials include many kinds of glass , paper , metal , plastic , textiles , and electronics .
This limits the applications of tidal energy ; tidal power is highly predictable but not able to follow changing electrical demand .
The 1.6 Gbit/s and 3.2 Gbit/s devices use the same 9-circuit beta connectors as the existing FireWire 800 and will be fully compatible with existing S400 and S800 devices .
September 30 & ndash ; The United States takes control of Midway Island .
It was captured by ECOWAS troops seeking to restore President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah in 1998 , and later it was unsuccessfully attacked by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
Page explains Abi is pronounced just like '' Abby '' It runs on Linux , Microsoft Windows , ReactOS , Solaris , AmigaOS 4.0 ( through its Cygnix X11 engine ) , and other operating systems .
Vinca is a genus of six species in the family Apocynaceae , native to Europe , northwest Africa and southwest Asia . The name is , deriving from Latin vincire : '' to bind , fetter '' .
They won their first Stanley Cup during the 2005 - 06 season , beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to three .
Ertl was born in Stuttgart , Germany where he would later study physics from 1955 to 1957 at the Technical University of Stuttgart and then at the University of Paris ( 1957 -- 1958 ) and Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich ( 1958 -- 1959 ) .
The English word guitar , the German , and the French were adopted from the Spanish , which comes from the Andalusian Arabic , itself derived from the Latin , which in turn came from the Ancient Greek , Kithara appears in the Bible four times ( 1 Cor .
Some ten years later she established a theater company there , initially performing ` cut-down ' versions of Shakespeare 's plays .
Jeff Jarrett ( with Debra ) defeated Edge to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship ( 13:22 ) Jarrett pinned Edge after a Stroke .
VistaPE uses technology from and largely resembles Windows Preinstallation Environment 2.0 ( from Microsoft ) , but has a graphical shell , expanded set of supported devices and functions , and can run almost any Windows program .
Colby and Jeff were tied 5-5 at Tribal Council and in a Tribal Council countback Colby had no previous votes , but Jeff had two ; therefore , Jeff was eliminated
Goldman 's Diminutive Woodrat , Nelsonia goldmani
The storm moved north and reached tropical storm strength , and made landfall near Cape Lookout , North Carolina on June 20 .
In histology , it is used to bleach melanin which obscures tissue detail .
FC Nuremberg II ( or 1 .
Baku , Soviet Union
Specific influences varied : Blur and Oasis drew from The Kinks and The Beatles , respectively , while Elastica had a fondness for arty punk rock .
Herbert George Wells ( 21 September 1866 -- 13 August 1946 ) , usually known as H. G. Wells , was an English author , best known for his work in the science fiction genre .
Sycamore is located at .
More simply , syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm ; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they would n't normally occur .
Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants , variously called the madder family , bedstraw family or coffee family .
Fraga 's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and the subsequent transition to democracy .
Follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th century and early 17th century but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed .
Argon has atomic number 18 and is the third element in group 18 of the periodic table ( noble gases ) .
A bruise , also called a contusion or sometimes referred to by doctors as ecchymosis , is an injury to biological tissue in which the capillaries are damaged , allowing blood to seep into the surrounding tissue .
Dance is performed for various purposes like ceremonial dance , erotic dance , performance dance , social dance etc./O.
He disliked the discipline of the conservatory course of study , but he achieved very good grades in most areas .
One of the most recent compositions referencing a Requiem is the piece Lux Aeterna ( commonly known under the name Requiem for a Dream ) , written by Clint Mansell .
Shortly after the Battle of Gettysburg , with the support of Pennsylvania Governor Andrew Curtin , the site was purchased and Union dead were moved from shallow and inadequate burial sites on the battlefield to the cemetery .
More recently , the Penguin Dictionary of Psychology defines hate as a '' deep , enduring , intense emotion expressing animosity , anger , and hostility towards a person , group , or object . ''
It is the outermost member of the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 .
The 25-km long Bukit Timah Road , the longest road in Singapore , running north and south , takes its name from this hill .
Absorbance detection has been available in microplate readers for more than 3 decades , and is used for assays such as ELISA assays , protein and nucleic acid quantification or enzyme activity assays ( i.e. in the MTT assay for cell viability ) .
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko ( ) ( 30 August 1962 -- 23 November 2006 ) was an officer who served in the Soviet KGB and its Russian successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) .
With its racecourse , harbor , international film festival , marinas , conference center , villas , Grand Casino and sumptuous hotels , Deauville is regarded as the '' queen of the Norman beaches '' and one of the most prestigious seaside resorts in all of France .
Bogdan Ionu Lobon ( born 18 January 1978 in Hunedoara ) is a Romanian goalkeeper playing for A.S. Roma and the Romanian national team .
Monchy-le-Preux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Harry Lillis '' Bing '' Crosby ( May 2 , 1903 -- October 14 , 1977 ) was an American popular singer and actor whose career lasted from 1926 until his death .
Jens Nowotny ( born January 11 , 1974 in Malsch ) is a retired German footballer , who played as a central defender .
When populations within a species become isolated by geography , feeding strategy , mate selection , or other means , they may start to differ from other populations through genetic drift and natural selection , and over time may evolve into new species .
Pantomime ( informally , panto ) , not to be confused with a mime artist , referring to a theatrical performer of mime , is a musical-comedy theatrical production traditionally found in the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada , Jamaica , South Africa , Japan , India , Ireland , Gibraltar and Malta , and is mostly performed during the Christmas and New Year season .
On 20 April 2007 , shortly before the presidential election , a militant attack that was described by police as an assassination attempt against Jonathan occurred in Bayelsa State .
The study also indicated that increased ejaculation through masturbation rather than intercourse would be more helpful as intercourse is associated with diseases ( STDs ) that may increase the risk of cancer instead .
Berkeley physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was the scientific director of the Manhattan Project that developed the first atomic bomb in the world , which he personally headquartered at Los Alamos , New Mexico , during World War II . Since that time , the university has co-managed the Los Alamos National Laboratory , as well as the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory for the U.S. Department of Energy .
As Union forces advanced south , the infrastructure near the town of Marion -- located in Southwest Virginia on the Middle Fork of the Holsten River , between Saltville and Wytheville -- became a major objective of Union forces .
Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the external environment , as this compound has high solubility and there is ample water available for dilution .
Diffie-Hellman key exchange In 1976 , Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol , ( Diffie-Hellman key exchange ) , which allows users to establish ` secure channels ' on which to exchange keys , even if an Opponent is monitoring that communication channel .
Almost three quarters of the route lies east of I-75 , thereby putting it out of its proper place in the Interstate grid .
John D. Trimmer , 1950 , Response of Physical Systems ( New York : Wiley ) , p. 13 The term can also be used in engineering contexts , however , as it is typically used in the physical sciences .
In human anatomy , the trapezius is a large superficial muscle that extends longitudinally from the occipital bone to the lower thoracic vertebrae and laterally to the spine of the scapula ( shoulder blade ) .
Bramante 's dome was to be surmounted by a lantern with its own small dome but otherwise very similar in form to the Early Renaissance lantern of Florence Cathedral designed for Brunelleschi 's dome by Michelozzo .
Poanes is a genus of skippers ( family Hesperiidae ) distributed throughout North and Central America .
The purpose of classification is ostensibly to protect information from being used to damage or endanger national security .
Local entertainment in the town includes concerts by the Aylsham Band , which plays at venues in and around Aylsham ; the Aylsham Players who host one or two productions a year ; and Aylsham High School , which presents an annual school musical .
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the temporary designation S/2003 U 2 .
In July , Orman began hosting a financial advice show called The Suze Orman Show .
For example , the PADI Open Water Diver ( the most basic rank ) course takes 5 dives in a swimming pool and 4 dives in open water ( i.e. sea , lake , etc. ) ; after the course the qualified diver is allowed to dive to .
It is registered , along with the Naghsh-i Jahan Square , as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Nick , Jr. , About Max & Ruby The show presents an uplifting message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and exercising respect and love in resolving their conflicts .
Chromium , nickel , iron and steel plants dot the province as well .
The revelations were numerous , and the following apparitions are especially remarkable :
PRINT '' Hello world . ''
The premiere performance was Antonio Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta .
Mitch formed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22 , and after drifting through extremely favorable conditions , it rapidly strengthened to peak at Category 5 status , the highest possible rating on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The head of government of each state is called the Premier , appointed by the state 's Governor .
Chicago -- Book by Fred Ebb and Bob Fosse , music by John Kander , lyrics by Fred Ebb .
Cohen has been inducted into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame and is also a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honor .
On the October 29 edition of Raw , Shane McMahon told his father , Vince McMahon , that a member of the WWF would jump ship to the Alliance that night .
The city is the largest city and metro area in population of the traditional ` plains states ' as well as the South Central United States outside of Texas .
He is best known for the lambda calculus , Church -- Turing thesis , Church Frege ontology , and the Church-Rosser theorem .
Symptoms include chest pain , coughing up blood , and a productive , prolonged cough for more than three weeks .
Additionally , United States MSA boundaries do not stretch into neighboring countries such as Canada or Mexico , so border cities such as Detroit , Buffalo , El Paso and San Diego would count only U.S. population figures .
Saint-Germain-Langot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Jimmy Donal '' Jimbo '' Wales ( ; born August 7 , 1966 ) is an American Internet entrepreneur and a co-founder and promoter of Wikipedia .
Generally all geyser field sites are located near active volcanic areas , and the geyser effect is due to the proximity of magma .
Prominent examples of legislatures are the Houses of Parliament in London , the Congress in Washington D.C. , the Bundestag in Berlin , the Duma in Moscow , the Parlamento Italiano in Rome and the Assemblée nationale in Paris .
A survey of royal privileges is conducted , which is included in the Hundred Rolls , an English census seen as a follow up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086 ; the Hundred Rolls is later completed with two larger surveys in 1274\/1275 and 1279\/1280 .
On October 24 , 2006 , he was featured in a political advertisement opposing a bill supporting embryonic stem cell research in Missouri .
Since its peak of popularity its usage share has been declining in the face of renewed competition from other web browsers , and was 43.55 % As of 2011 .
BT was the primary sponsor of Tate Online from 2001 to 2009 .
In June 2010 , the Credit Union put forward plans to modernize the credit union .
Q October 2000
The song is featured on the Angus motion picture soundtrack .
He became blind at the age of three , when he accidentally poked himself in the eye with a stitching awl , one of his father 's workshop tools .
The KDE technology platform consists of three parts : KDE Development Platform , KDE Workspace and KDE Applications .
It was retained as the state flag upon statehood in 1959 .
Their second and most commercially successful line-up featured Ian Gillan ( vocals ) , Ritchie Blackmore ( guitar ) , Jon Lord ( keyboards ) , Roger Glover ( bass ) and Ian Paice ( drums ) .
While the municipality itself ( city center ) has a population ( as of ) of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
The show follows Aang 's journeys to complete this task , during a war instigated by the Fire Nation when he was frozen .
When originally established , the weight limit was 190 pounds ( although in 1981 the World Boxing Council ( WBC ) set the limit at 195 pounds , but later lowered that to 190 pounds ) .
Carcoar was not on the rail line until 1888 when the Blayney-Demondrille Line , which is an extension of the Main Southern Line , was constructed .
However , after one year , the money was exhausted and the family was unable to care for him .
Jude reads about the explosion in a Liverpool newspaper and believes that Lucy has also been killed .
Key : \* = metropolitan county
The band revealed that the song was written about a young girl from Kitchener with a cancerous tumor in her brain named Mina Kim .
Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Radio 1 provides alternative genres after 7:00 pm including electronic dance , hip hop , rock or interviews .
Stefan duly confirmed on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers , although the team did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season .
Other characters Michael Murphy as Warren Worthington II : The head of Worthington Labs , the corporation developing the '' cure '' .
Blogcritics features hundreds of original articles every week , and maintains an archive of all their published content .
Madara was followed on May 26 , by a companion DVD , which included six music videos and an in-the-studio documentary .
The A-train is a family of multiple units designed and built by Hitachi Ltd. initially for use on the railway system in Japan .
Mansa Musa , 14th century King of the Malian Empire
He worked for several major promotions , including Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , New Japan Pro Wrestling ( NJPW ) , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , and held a total of thirty-two championships during his professional wrestling career .
Until recently , the most famous conjecture was Fermat 's Last Theorem .
While this means the animal is not capable of changing its skin color in the dramatic fashion of shallow-dwelling cephalopods , such trickery is not needed at the lightless depths where it lives .
Wichita had become the largest city in the state by 1950 and the 51st largest city in the country by 1960 .
The town , founded in the Middle Ages , lies in the Seetal valley , about 3 kilometres south of the Aare delta .
Somme is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region .
This means that many genealogical details may be omitted , for a better-flowing , more rounded article .
Bull sharks have been caught approximately 900 miles up the Mississippi River , and have been observed approximately 2,500 miles up the Amazon River .
That '70s Show is an American television sitcom that centered on the lives of a group of teenagers living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from some time in May , 1976 to January 1 , 1980 .
History The district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts Schmalkalden , Meiningen and partially Suhl-Land .
Media technology and society : a history : from the telegraph to the Internet , (/O1998/O) , Routeledge , London , ISBN 041514230X ISBN 978-0415142304 , p. 221 Kilby won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physics for his part of the invention of the integrated circuit .
The Age of Enlightenment -- The Western revolution in philosophy began , which would gave birth to Modern political thought and philosophy .
The highest reported gust in Antigua was 50 m/O. The Antigua Meteorological Service reported that the island had extensive flooding and damage to banana trees .
While traditional mysteries usually adhere to the convention of having the criminal 's identity concealed until the climax ( the so-called whodunit ) , in police procedurals , the perpetrator 's identity is often known to the audience from the outset .
Two famous pieces in the key of F minor are Beethoven 's Appassionata Sonata , and Haydn 's Symphony No. 49 in F minor , La Passione .
Those with doctorates had the second highest median household with a median of $ 96,830 ; $ 18,289 more than that for those at the Master 's degree level , but $ 3,170 lower than the median for households with a professional degree holding householder .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale TalkOrigins Archive Among the best-known techniques are radiocarbon dating , potassium-argon dating and uranium-lead dating .
The Seven Year Itch was released and became a success , earning an estimated $ 8 million .
Dagny-Lambercy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1927 , Oklahoma businessman Cyrus Avery , known as the '' Father of Route 66 '' began a campaign to create U.S. Route 66 .
Ramsey was appointed England manager on 25 October 1962 ( effective from 1 May 1963 ) and immediately caused a stir when he predicted that England would win the next World Cup , which was to be held in England in 1966 .
Aurochs were also known to have very aggressive temperaments and killing one was seen as a great act of courage in ancient cultures .
The word ' comes from Geysir , the name of an erupting spring at Haukadalur , Iceland ; that name , in turn , comes from the Icelandic verb ' , '' to gush '' , the verb itself from Old Norse .
The Russian Revolution is the collective term for the series of revolutions in Russia in 1917 , which destroyed the Tsarist autocracy and led to the creation of the Soviet Union .
The Congress expressly provided -- and the same proviso was included in the Treaty of Turin ( 16 March 1816 ) -- that in these territories transferred to Geneva the Catholic religion was to be protected , and that no changes were to be made in existing conditions without the approval of the Holy See .
Blabbermouth.net is a website dedicated to heavy metal and hard rock news , as well as album and music DVD reviews .
Calls for service to the NYPD from housing developments increased dramatically , and it became clear that a more professional law enforcement component than the guard service was needed to deal with the complexities of policing diverse , decentralized public housing developments .
Portugal : although surrounded by other lands and people , the Portuguese nation has occupied the same territory for almost 800 years .
Grandfontaine is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
This allowed Galilei to discover sometime between December 1609 and January 1610 what came to be known as the Galilean moons .
At the age of 14 , Cortés was sent to study at the University of Salamanca in west-central Spain .
Alfred 's next brother Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and his son Prince Arthur of Connaught having renounced the succession .
Some time prior to recording , Endino found old rolls of quarter-inch tape at a garage sale , and some contained recordings of a Christian preacher giving sermons in the early 1950s .
Light rail or light rail transit ( LRT ) is a form of urban rail public transportation that generally has a lower capacity and lower speed than heavy rail and metro systems , but higher capacity and higher speed than street-running tram systems .
The film ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again .
To cope with life in the suffocating depths , vampire squid have developed several radical adaptations .
Equilibrioception or sense of balance is one of the physiological senses .
A square matrix is a matrix which has the same number of rows and columns .
The line-up includes singer\/guitarist Justin Sane and drummer Pat Thetic , who founded the band ; later members are guitarist Chris Head , and singer\/bassist Chris Barker who replaced Jamie '' Cock '' Towns , who had replaced original bassist Andy Flag in 1997 following his departure one year prior .
In Gulliver 's Travels by Jonathan Swift ( 1726 ) , the country of Lilliput is described as being '' to the north-west of Van Dieman 's Land '' [ sic ] .
Saint-Thibaut is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On February 17 , 2009 , Jason was named one of Top 10 Most Stylish Men in America by GQ magazine .
His famous series of sixteen great designs for the Apocalypse are dated 1498 , as is his engraving St. Michael Fighting the Dragon .
He proposed that blood flowed through the heart in two separate closed loops .
The primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine ( DNA and RNA ) , thymine ( DNA ) and uracil ( RNA ) , abbreviated as C , G , A , T , and U , respectively .
The Maumelle Library is part of the Central Arkansas Library System .
Burcy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ahmedabad is the largest city in Gujarat , India .
Cancer found outside of the lung may be determined to have arisen within the lung , as lung cancers that metastasize , i.e. spread , often retain a cell marker profile that allow a pathologist to say , with a good deal of certainty , that the tumor arose from the lung , i.e. is a primary lung cancer .
The style shows the Romantic influence of Liszt and Schumann as well as the Russian school of Balakirev .
Palatine is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
People are planning to start showing it to the public in 2008 .
It is situated on the Spanish north coast ( Bay of Biscay ) facing the Cantabrian Sea .
Lassalle sent a challenge to duel both to the lady 's father and to Racowitz , which was accepted by the latter .
The prehistoric period during which Palaeolithic settlements existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 500,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE .
Mendel stated that each individual has two factors for each trait , one from each parent .
In July 1977 he was sentenced to twice life imprisonment for his participation in the siege , by a Dusseldorf Court .
Voice cast Edgar Bergen - Himself , Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd .
Batista made his return on the October 20 episode of Raw , interfering in a match between Bill Goldberg and Shawn Michaels and '' shattering '' Goldberg 's ankle with a chair .
The American population celebrates most of the major US festivals , including Halloween , Independence Day , and Thanksgiving .
In 1999 , Chase joined a small band as lead singer and took the stage as the opening act for Reba McEntire .
Despite these indications of tropical characteristics , '' There was no front associated with it and it had a warm core , but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 n , so under the standard NHC criteria it did n't qualify as a tropical storm . ''
Flooding may result from the volume of water within a body of water , such as a river or lake , which overflows or breaks levees , with the result that some of the water escapes its usual boundaries .
February 28 -- Henry the Young King , son of Henry II of England ( d. 1183 )
Malta covers just over 300 km in land area , making it one of Europe 's smallest and most densely populated countries .
The division is run by Russian Professional Football League .
Kinshasa ( formerly , and Dutch : ) is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Boston was founded on September 17 , 1630 , by Puritan colonists from England .
In the case here , the article uses British English primarily .
Skins is a double BAFTA-winning teen drama that follows a group of teenagers in Bristol , South West England as they grow up .
Tetris DS is currently out of print and is one of the most sought after DS games of all time with copies selling on some websites for $ 70 + .
William II ( the future William I of England ) becomes duke of Normandy .
The Cat Who Said Cheese (/O1996/O)
Sushi ( vinegared rice , topped with other ingredients , including shellfish , fish , meat and vegetables ) , feature both raw and cooked shellfish .
It then organized into Tropical Depression Sixteen-E on September 16 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm .
Largely because of his status as Germany 's greatest war hero , Hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on April 26 , 1925 .
Retrieved February 2 , 2010 .
The 1961 -- 62 NHL season was the 45th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
A plum or gage is a stone fruit tree in the genus Prunus , subgenus Prunus .
By the time of the Civil War , Carbondale had become both a regional center for business and transportation , and an educational center with the founding of Carbondale College ( which became Southern Illinois College in 1869 ) . Carbondale won the bid for the new teacher training school for the region , and Southern Illinois Normal University opened in 1874 .
A nome ( from , '' district '' ) was a subnational administrative division of ancient Egypt .
There , he gorges on vegetables until he gets sick , and is then chased about by Mr. McGregor .
Dreamboat Annie Live , DVD interview 2007 .
Grisolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Homework , or homework assignment , refers to tasks assigned to students by their teachers to be completed mostly outside of class , and derives its name from the fact that most students do the majority of such work at home .
Pitch allows the construction of melodies ; pitches are compared as '' higher '' and '' lower '' , and are quantified as frequencies ( cycles per second , or hertz ) , corresponding very nearly to the repetition rate of sound waves .
She played the role of Wendla in Steven Sater and Duncan Sheik 's musical version of Spring Awakening , starring in early workshops to Off-Broadway and finally originating the role in the Broadway production at the age of 20 .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
The term '' power '' is also , however , used to express the ability of a lens or other optical device to focus light .
Peter Aurness ( March 18 , 1926 - March 14 , 2010 ) , known professionally as Peter Graves , was an American film and television actor .
One of 20th Century Fox 's most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s , Peck continued to play important roles well into the 1980s .
It might also be described as light purple .
As a player he played as a scrum-half .
Achery is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Harry Connick , Jr. ( born Joseph Harry Fowler Connick , Jr. ; September 11 , 1967 ) is an American singer , actor , composer , and pianist .
This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Tuesday ( dominical letter FE ) , such as 200 , 1980 , or 2008 .
WWE Homecoming was three hours long - the second longest an episode of Raw has ever run in its 12-year history .
'' Our Friend is so contented with our girlies , says they have gone through heavy ` courses ' for their age and their souls have much developed , '' Alexandra wrote to Nicholas on December 6 , 1916 .
Wilma crossed the state in about 4.5 hours and weakened to winds of 110 mph ( 175 km/h ) after entering the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter , Florida .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
With her death , another 114-year-old , Edna Parker of the United States , became the oldest living person .
She arrives with a client , a creepy professor ( played by the actor who played Dr. Goll , Lulu 's first husband ) .
Liberty is a city in Clay County , Missouri and is a suburb of Kansas City , Missouri .
Finans Cafe ( Power Lunch Europe )
Lincoln City F.C. is a professional English association football team which play in Football League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system .
The Brampton Canadettes Thunder won the first CWHL championship on 22 March 2008 , winning 4-3 over the Mississauga Chiefs in the final .
With a ridge of high pressure to its north , the depression tracked westward .
It was made by the Greek sculptor of the Classical period , Phidias , circa 432 BC on the site where it was erected in the Temple of Zeus , Olympia , Greece .
The most common type is the equestrian saddle designed for a horse , but specialized saddles have been created for camels and other creatures .
It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots , gymnosperms and some monocots , which usually lack secondary growth .
His parents got a scaled-to-size violin for their then five-year-old son and started giving him lessons .
However , by looking at the history of polyploidy in plant families , he argued that polyploidy was only common in herbaceous perennials and infrequent in woody plants and annuals .
However , such words are routinely and frequently qualified in contemporary speech and writing .
Kirby 's Dream Land , known in Japan as , is a 1992 platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory , Inc. and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
Other than Durnan and Luongo , five other goaltenders have captained their team : John Ross Roach of the Toronto St. Patricks , George Hainsworth of the Montreal Canadiens , Roy Worters of the New York Americans , Alex Connell of the Ottawa Senators , and Charlie Gardiner of the Chicago Black Hawks .
Organizations that need to subdivide the US are free to define a '' Central '' region to fit their needs .
Because of its strategic location and multidimensional functions , the liver is also prone to many diseases .
Upper Largo or Kirkton of Largo is a village near the East Neuk of Fife , Scotland .
Chun Doo-hwan ( born January 18 , 1931 ) was a ROK Army general and the President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988 .
He was capped 29 times and scored 10 goals for the Japanese national team between 1997 and 2002 .
Albums and songs appearing on Top Heatseekers may also concurrently appear on the Billboard 200 or Billboard Hot 100 , respectively .
Colonfay is a French commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
C# is intended to be a simple , modern , general-purpose , object-oriented programming language .
Trees can often grow in river valleys at latitudes where they could not grow on a more exposed site .
com for '' earth pig '' or '' ground pig '' ( aarde earth\/ground , varken pig ) , because early settlers from Europe thought it resembled a domestic pig .
In reaction to the single 's disappointment , Higgins and Xenomania crafted '' Biology '' .
February 9 & ndash ; William Henry Harrison , American military leader and 9th President of the United States ( d. 1841 )
While some fairly speculative ideas are entertained , they are introduced in such a rigorous and disciplined way that Darwin 's Radio gained praise in the science journal Nature .
The town became a minor Victorian tourism destination in response to Barrie 's novels , and his birthplace is now a museum owned by the National Trust of Scotlandhttp : \/O/ \/O/ www.nts.org.uk/Property/37/ .
Philip Morris Glass ( born January 31 , 1937 ) is an American music composer .
Rebecca Davis : Child is father to the man , How Al Wilson taught Son House to play Son House .
Jean Genet ( ) ( -- ) was a prominent and controversialContemporary Literary Criticism , Volume 45 By Daniel G. Marowski , Roger Matuz .
The kitchen spatula , also called an egg slice , a '' turner , '' or a flipper is a utensil with a long handle and a broad flat edge , used for lifting and turning fried foods .
Expressionist abstract painting , as practiced by artists such as Jackson Pollock , Franz Kline , Clyfford Still , and Wols , represents the opposite of geometric abstraction .
Parachutes are usually made out of cloth , most commonly nylon .
The Necronomicon is a fictional book appearing in the stories by horror novelist H. P. Lovecraft and his followers .
In the summer when the water of the lake reflects like a mirror a large number of visitors from different areas of the country come to watch the enchanting views of these lake .
When Standard called the loan in , a cash-strapped Universal could n't pay .
To aid measurement , a grid called the graticule is superimposed on the face of the screen .
The current tower is actually the second to occupy the site .
Observations of earlier stages in the development of the universe , which can be seen at great distances , suggest that the universe has been governed by the same physical laws and constants throughout most of its extent and history .
Translation : On the 30th May was a jolly May-game in Fenchurch Street ( London ) with drums and guns and pikes , The Nine Worthies did ride ; and they all had speeches , and the morris dance and sultan and an elephant with a castle ( saddle in the shape of a castle ) and the sultan and young moors with shields and arrows , and the lord and lady of the May '' .
Its goes against evolution and says that the Earth and all of its life forms were created in just 6 days , 6000 years ago .
Located close to the county boundary with Cheshire to the west and Staffordshire to the south , Buxton is described as '' the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' .
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky ( ) ( born May 4 , 1931 ) is a Russian conductor .
Nobuo Fujishima ( born April 8 , 1950 ) is a former Japanese football player .
This means her son , Prince William of Wales , will become the first descendant of Charles II to occupy the throne of the United Kingdom if he succeeds as expected .
Shane interrupted his father 's gloating over the WCW purchase to explain that Shane was the one who actually owned WCW , setting up what became the WWF 's '' Invasion '' storyline .
Similar to the 1980s professional wrestling boom , the Attitude Era was a surge in the popularity of professional wrestling in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s , as television ratings and pay-per-view buy-rates hit record highs .
Francesco Cavalli ( 14 February 1602 & ndash ; 14 January 1676 ) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque period .
'' Daly & Cobb (/O1989/O) .
Alpine skiing is also called downhill skiing .
It is sometimes confused with grains of paradise .
E xamples of this are '' the victor in Jena '' and '' the loser in Waterloo '' , or '' the equilateral triangle '' and '' the equiangular triangle '' ; in both cases , both names express different meanings , but designate the same object .
Frederic William Henry Myers ( 1843 - 1901 ) was a classical scholar , poet , philosopher , and past president of the Society for Psychical Research .
Jean-Marie Pfaff ( born 4 December 1953 in Lebbeke ) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper .
The Kingdom of Hungary emerged in 1000 , when the Principality of Hungary , founded in 896 , was recognized as a Kingdom . The form of government was changed from monarchy to Republic briefly in 1918 and again in 1946 , ending the Kingdom and creating the Republic of Hungary .
Chambers 1998 page 603Oxford Illustrated pages 311,380
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21 , 1993 and aired its final episode on March 1 , 2005 .
Yomi is comparable to Hades or hell and is most commonly known for Izanami 's retreat to that place after her death .
On January 31 , 2012 , Eros is expected to pass Earth at 0.179 A , about 70 times the distance to the moon , with a visual magnitude of +8.1 .
Das Rheingold was first performed at Munich on 22 September 1869 .
Then known as Mass Rapid Transit Corporation ( MRTC ) when it was incorporated on 6 August 1987 , it was renamed as Singapore MRT Limited before taking on its current name , SMRT Trains , in the year 2004 .
The name Aphex is derived from Aphex Systems Limited , a brand of audio signal processing equipment ( itself derived from '' analog effects '' ) .
He spent most of the rest of his career there , but it was interspersed with studies and teaching elsewhere in the United States and Asia .
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Also , the people could not travel from one island to another easily .
Samus has appeared in all eleven Metroid video games as of 2010 .
On 27 August 1866 , a vast demonstration for reform was held in Birmingham , in which the Mayor marched alongside 250,000 people , one of whom was Chamberlain .
Menuetto The third movement is a minuet and trio ( A -- B -- A ) .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist group active in England and Wales with two dozen members on trade union executives .
The lake flooding has displaced 6,000 people from upstream villages , stranded ( from land transportation routes ) a further 25,000 , and inundated over of the Karakoram Highway .
Birth control is commonly used as part of family planning .
With information for Jackson 's debut novel , The Road Through the Wall (/O1948/O) , he described Jackson as someone who practiced witchcraft .
Student riot leads to closing of university for two years .
Michael Edirin Obiku ( born 24 September 1968 in Warri ) is a retired Nigerian football striker .
He was one of the first major indigenous Latin American photographers .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane ( ; born October 26 , 1973 ) is an American animator , writer , comedian , producer , actor , singer , voice actor , and director best known for creating the animated sitcoms Family Guy , American Dad !
Theoretical computer science is the collection of topics of computer science that focuses on the more abstract , logical and mathematical aspects of computing , such as the theory of computation , analysis of algorithms , and semantics of programming languages .
It was founded on April 4 , 1959 , within the French Community and became entirely self-governing when it gained independence from France on June 20 , 1960 .
Volcanology ( also spelled vulcanology ) is the study of volcanoes , lava , magma , and related geological , geophysical and geochemical phenomena .
Tides are more predictable than wind energy and solar power .
Marton and Copse Road Depots closed in 1963 and Bispham Depot in 1966 .
Argentina , Finland , Yugoslavia , Brazil , Monaco competed as nations at the Olympic Games for the first time .
Milena Leticia Roucka ( born October 25 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler and former model of Czech and Costa Rican descent . She is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , and works as Rosa Mendes on the SmackDown brand .
The municipality , which covers 149.09 km , had 5,477 inhabitants , giving a population density of 36.7 inhabitants per km .
Charter 08 is a manifesto initially signed by over 350 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists .
The most popular varieties cultivated today are red , white , and pink hues , referring to the internal pulp color of the fruit .
Biofuels offer the prospect of oil price moderation .
Their armies repulsed the Bulgarian offensive and counter-attacked penetrating into Bulgaria , while Romania and the Ottoman Empire took the opportunity to intervene against Bulgaria and make territorial gains . In the resulting Treaty of Bucharest , Bulgaria lost most of the territories it had gained in the First Balkan War .
It first came to power in 1860 with the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency and oversaw the American Civil War and Reconstruction .
Pokémon entered its third generation with the 2003 release of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire for Game Boy Advance and continued with the Game Boy Advance remakes of Pokémon Red and Blue , Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen , and an enhanced version of Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire titled Pokémon Emerald .
Kane was charged with second-degree robbery , fourth-degree criminal mischief , and theft of services .
Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The term ` spirit vinegar ' is sometimes reserved for the stronger variety ( 5 % to 20 % acetic acid ) made from sugar cane or from chemically produced acetic acid .
This ensures that a program does not interfere with memory already used by another program . Since programs time share , each program must have independent access to memory .
Rose Hill is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
The Victory Column is a major tourist attraction to the city of Berlin and opens daily : 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 6:30 p.m. ( April & ndash ; October ) , and 9:30 a.m. & ndash ; 5:30 p.m. ( November & ndash ; March ) .
Cold shock
Since it was established by Caesar Augustus it is sometimes called Pax Augusta . Its span was about 207 years ( 27 BC to 180 AD ) .
The organogenesis of cephalopod eyes differs fundamentally from that of vertebrates like humans .
Lead ( II ) sulfide is non-toxic , unless the lead and sulfur are heated to decomposition and toxic compounds of lead and sulfur oxides are produced ( such as in roasting lead ore ) . Lead sulfide is insoluble and a stable compound in the pH of blood and so it is the least toxic form of lead .
In ' , Palpatine ( Ian McDiarmid ) , who is really the Sith Lord Darth Sidious , manipulates Anakin 's love for Padmé in order to turn him to the dark side and become his apprentice , Darth Vader .
Oklahomans have a high rate of German , Scotch-Irish , and Native American ancestry , with 25 different native languages spoken , more than in any other state .
Events By Place Europe August 10 -- Battle of Lechfeld : Otto I the Great defeats the Magyars , halting their westward expansion and ending the threat to Germany .
Built between 1175 and 1490 , Wells Cathedral has been described as '' the most poetic of the English Cathedrals '' .
It is based on the well-known Hainanese dish called Wenchang chicken ( ) .
The explorer Major Thomas Mitchell crossed and named the Campaspe River near present day Kyneton on his 1836 expedition .
It was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with about 23,000 casualties .
Any organism that fell , drifted , or was washed into the lagoons from the ocean or the land became buried in soft carbonate mud .
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
The Rose-ringed Parakeet ( Psittacula krameri ) , also known as the Ringnecked Parakeet , is a gregarious tropical parakeet species that has an extremely large range .
The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne '' is the father of us all '' can not be easily dismissed .
Grillo often receives letters of appreciation and support from prominent figures , such as Antonio Di Pietro ( former Italian Minister of Infrastructures ) , Fausto Bertinotti ( former President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies ) , Renzo Piano , and even Nobel Prize Winners ( like Dario Fo , Joseph E. Stiglitz , Dalai Lama , Muhammad Yunus ) .
In Yalta , Chekhov wrote one of his most famous stories , The Lady with the Dog ( also called Lady with Lapdog ) , The Lady with the Dog .
In the Netherlands , the show was shown on Yorin and Veronica .
Blessed art Thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of Thy womb , our Lord , Jesus Christ .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils .
Hurricane Lane was the thirteenth named storm , ninth hurricane , and sixth major hurricane of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season .
Rather than secure the island , however , this resulted in French , English and Dutch pirates establishing bases on the now-abandoned north and west coasts of the island .
Chicago is served by Midway International Airport on the south side and O'Hare International Airport , the world 's second busiest airport , on the far northwest side .
