The coalition of Silvio Berlusconi brought the issue back into open discussion : the Italian Parliament ( with the support of the vast majority of the represented parties ) made February 10 National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe , first celebrated in 2005 with exhibitions and observances throughout Italy ( especially in Trieste ) .
From approximately 1953 to 1971 there was a sizeable garrison of Canadian soldiers and their families stationed at Soest ( with the Canadian camps located just east of the town in Bad Sassendorf ) as well as Werl and Hemer-Iserlohn and Deilinghofen to the southwest .
Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is presided over by a president ( currently Bernard Accoyer ) , normally from the largest party represented , assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum .
At the age of 16 she moved to Argentina to work there and unleash her ambition to be a star .
Jones started his rap music career in 2001 with his album , titled Round One : The Album and the debut single , '' You all Must 've Forgot '' .
As coal was required to heat the salt pans , a coal mining community began to emerge in the area .
C.
The website IMDB reports that Tom Clancy 's novel Without Remorse is to be made into a movie and is expected to be released in 2011 .
Saint-Florent-des-Bois is a commune in the Vendée département in the Pays de la Loire region of France .
The blockade continued even after the Armistice of 11 November 1918 , in order to force Germany to sign the controversial Treaty of Versailles in June 1919 .
Laurence Bergreen , Over the Edge of the World : Magellan 's Terrifying Circumnavigation of the Globe , HarperCollins Publishers , 2003 , hardcover 480 pages , ISBN 0-06-621173-5
Started in May 2001 , it reached 100,000 articles on March 8 , 2006 .
Gazelles are mostly found in the deserts , grasslands and savannas of Africa , but they are also found in southwest and central Asia , and the Indian subcontinent .
It dates from the 10th century , but the inhabited portion is chiefly Elizabethan .
In 1979 Petr Shelokhonov received the title of Honorable Actor of Russia .
Cambridge IGCSE provides a broad and flexible study program and covers subjects from a variety of areas : Languages , Humanities , Social Sciences , Mathematics , Creative , Technical and Vocational .
Diprotodon minor Zygomaturus trilobus was a smaller ( bullock-sized , about two metres long by one metre high ) Diprotodontid that may have had a short trunk .
The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts .
Regardless , they are often blamed for oddities in nature , such as strangely large or weird stones .
Later he attended Harvard summer school and gained an M.A. from Livingstone College and an LL . D. from Wilberforce University .
Carignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ike killed 7 people as it traversed nearly the entirety of Cuba .
The toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each Webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique '' Secret Code '' printed on it that allows access to the '' Webkinz World '' website .
Bai Chongxi ( ) ( 18 March 1893 1 December 1966 ) , also spelled Pai Chung-hsi , was a Chinese Muslim general in the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China ( ROC ) .
She achieved success in the mid-1980s with the release of the album She 's So Unusual and became the first artist to have four top-five singles released from one album .
When a hurricane formed there in 2004 , it was informally named Catarina after Santa Catarina in Brazil , where it made landfall .
Komodo dragons eat by tearing large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole while holding the carcass down with their forelegs .
Virginia Beach is the easternmost city of Hampton Roads that make up the core of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
The Balcony ( Le Balcon ) 1955\/1956\/1957
If P , Then Q : Conditionals and the Foundations of Reasoning .
The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 17,800 articles , followed by Italian , Polish , German , and Portuguese with over 5,000 articles each , and by Russian , Slovak , Spanish , Bulgarian , Bosnian , Slovenian , Turkish and French ( which was restarted in December 2006 ) .
As well as working as a standalone game , through a system dubbed '' lock-on technology , '' Sonic & Knuckles acts as an expansion pack to both Sonic the Hedgehog 2 and Sonic the Hedgehog 3 , with which it was developed in tandem .
Discount stores are more popular in the United States than other countries .
Varieties of Spam vary by region and include Spam Classic , Spam Hot & Spicy , Spam Less Sodium , Spam Lite , Spam Oven Roasted Turkey , Hickory Smoked , Spam with real Hormel Bacon , Spam with Cheese , and Spam Spread .
According to Thai Rath Newspaper of Thailand on 8 May 2008 , in the afternoon ( Bangkok time ) of 7 May 2008 , the Burmese junta permitted Italian flights containing relief supplies from the United Nations , and twenty-five tonnes of consumable goods , to land in Burma .
More generally , the term '' blueprint '' has come to be used to refer to any detailed plan .
The first evidence of land plants also appeared ; see Evolutionary history of life .
In 2008 , curator Edna Russman announced that a third of the Coptic art held in the museum 's collection- second-largest in North America- is fake .
Goose Lake is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
Overijssel is bordered by Germany to the east , the Achterhoek region of Gelderland to the south , the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland to the west , and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north .
The bascules , weighing over 1,000 tons each , are counterbalanced to minimize the force required and allow raising in five minutes .
Peter Criss is a 1978 solo album from the drummer of American hard rock band Kiss .
Shortening is a semisolid fat used in food preparation , especially baked goods , and is so called because it promotes a '' short '' or crumbly texture ( as in shortbread ) .
Klingaman , William K. , The First Century : Emperors , Gods and Everyman , 1990 , p 64 Births Julia , daughter of Julius Caesar Drusus and Livilla ( d. 43 ) .
Maria Jansson , known in history as Kisamor ( English : The Mother of Kisa ) , ( 1788 -- 1842 ) , was a Swedish natural doctor , the most famous female physician , and perhaps the most famous Swedish physician altogether , in the 19th century .
The most powerful successor state to Kievan Rus ' was Moscow , which served as the main force in the Russian reunification process and independence struggle against the Golden Horde .
On January 1 , 2006 Lochristi had a total population of 20,111 .
It was produced by Charles\/Burrows\/Charles Productions in association with Paramount Network Television for NBC , having been created by the team of James Burrows , Glen Charles , and Les Charles .
About 80 people live there and it has 4,34 km .
Producers who use the term '' bisexual porn '' are most frequently depicting what a bisexual or bi-curious man might wish to see -- sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men .
Imogene is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , United States .
On July 12 , 2007 , it was announced that Formula One would not return to the IMS for , although a continuation of USGP at the IMS has not been completely ruled out for the future .
On August 1 , 2005 , former Norris Trophy-winning defenseman Randy Carlyle was hired as the seventh coach in team history .
Their small budget was another reason to use the ship for much of the storytelling .
Oconto County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Often this uses tannin , an acidic chemical compound .
Tradition varies on his relationship to Arthur , but he is best known today as Arthur 's illegitimate son by his half-sister Morgause .
The event was created in 2001 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 9 , 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego , California , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
Monopoly , where there is only one provider of a product or service .
Generally , they are not overly desirous of giving up their identity as Arabs , which might be a result of the bloom in multiculturalism and political correctness to respect their Islamic religious customs and traditions in the United States .
The first city in North America to establish a sister city relationship was Toledo , Ohio , with Toledo , Spain in 1931 .
It originates from the temperate to subtropical areas of Argentina and the surrounding countries in South America .
Solo career Gackt launched his solo career on May 12 , 1999 with the release of the EP Mizerable .
On Wikipedia , this approach is utilised , and for the sake of consistency , the genus Paranthropus is used for all articles which mention the species P. aethiopicus P. boisei and P. robustus .
In the UK , some types of powdered drinks are actually as thick as pure chocolate varieties .
To judge from these , his elegiac and iambicEarly Greek philosophy By Jonathan Barnes Page 40 ISBN 0140444610 poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas , including Homer and Hesiod , the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks ' veneration of .
The first person to be executed via the electric chair was William Kemmler in New York 's Auburn Prison on August 6 , 1890 ; the '' state electrician '' was Edwin Davis .
Ecozones correspond to the floristic kingdoms of botany or zoogeographic regions of mammal zoology .
Following the regular season , the six teams with the best records ( regardless of Conference ) compete in the league 's three-week playoffs , which culminate in the late-November Grey Cup championship , the country 's largest annual sports and television event .
The park also includes the two smaller islands to the south of Norfolk Island , Nepean Island and Phillip Island .
Preparations As Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore there was a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning for the Veracruz coastline .
Joseph Hewes ( January 23 , 1730 -- November 10 , 1779 ) was a native of Princeton , New Jersey , where he was born in 1730 .
Peter Dennis Blandford '' Pete '' Townshend ( ; born 19 May 1945 ) is an English rock guitarist , vocalist , songwriter and author , known principally as the guitarist and songwriter for The Who , as well as for his own solo career .
After the Anschluss of Austria to Germany in 1938 , Rapid played in that country 's Gauliga Ostmark along with clubs such as First Vienna and Admira Vienna ( playing then as Wacker Wien and Admira Wien ) .
Matt Weinberg as Young Simba
The Worthing Chronicle ( 1983 ) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1911/1912 season .
For other uses , see Cat ( disambiguation ) or Cats ( disambiguation ) .
Some speakers of Quechua also call it ` runa simi ' ( or regional variants thereof ) , literally ` people speech ' , although ` runa ' here has the more specific sense of indigenous Andean people .
They have been described as an oshare kei band , a subset of visual kei ; however , they refer themselves to Visual Kei .
He is Chairman of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) since October 18 , 2008 , a position he already held from 2004 to 2005 .
Toyota has recently applied for a trademark to the Supra name .
Area = frac { pi d ^ 2 } { 4 } approx 0 { . }
The song is a mid-tempo ballad sung from the perspective of the film 's lead character , Alice .
Loyola University Chicago is a Jesuit private university located in Chicago , Illinois .
Pneumonia can result from a variety of causes , including infection with bacteria , viruses , fungi , or parasites , and chemical or physical injury to the lungs .
On August 29 , 2005 , Gulfport was hit by the strong east side of Hurricane Katrina , and much of Gulfport was flooded or destroyed ( see details below ) .
The copper ( II ) chlorides are some of the most common copper ( II ) compounds , after copper sulfate .
Biziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Each time a heresy arose in the Church , it was typically accompanied by a shift in worship for the heretical group .
He is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Shropshire and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland .
Smith 's second film , Mallrats , did n't fare as well as Clerks .
He contributed drawings to The Bulletin , Worker , Sunday Times , Referee , and London Punch , but later became interested in aviation and radio , and did some remarkable work in connection with them .
Josef '' Jupp '' Posipal ( June 20 , 1927 -- February 21 , 1997 ) was a Romanian-born German footballer who was part of the 1954 FIFA World Cup winning German squad .
After Muhammad 's death , he played a key role in commanding Medinan forces for Abu Bakr in the Ridda wars , conquering central Arabia and subduing Arab tribes . He captured the Sassanid Arab client Kingdom of Al-Hirah , and defeated the Sassanid Persian forces during his conquest of Iraq ( Mesopotamia ) .
He is best known for playing the fourth incarnation of the Doctor in the science fiction television series , Doctor Who , a role he played from 1974 - 1981 .
The state of Bremen forms two enclaves within Lower Saxony , one being the city of Bremen , the other its seaport city of Bremerhaven .
Armed with clubs and a piano wire , they beat and choked the Undertaker out , and Hassan put him in the Camel Clutch .
Charles '' Chuck '' Wendell Colson ( born October 16 , 1931 , in Boston , Massachusetts ) was the Special Counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973 .
Bathing serves several purposes :
Developed by Visual Works and Square Enix , Advent Children was the first announced title in the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII series , which is composed of titles related to the highly successful 1997 console role-playing game Final Fantasy VII .
Though born in Canada , she holds dual citizenship and has competed for the United States since she began skating with Benjamin Agosto in 1998 .
In 1892 , Oldham were one of the founder members of the Central Lancashire League and currently run teams in the First & Second divisions , Under 18 , Under 15 , Under 13 and Under 11 levels .
In mathematics , a group is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an operation that combines any two of its elements to form a third element .
A good only partially completed during the manufacturing process is called '' work in process '' .
The Mexican Wolf ( Canis lupus baileyi ) is a subspecies of the Gray Wolf . It is native to North America , where it is the rarest and most genetically distinct subspecies .
The Matanuska Valley has become a large-lot suburban bedroom community exporting workers to Anchorage .
This element was created by firing accelerated zinc-70 nuclei at a target made of lead-208 nuclei in a heavy ion accelerator .
At his father 's death in 1675 , his mother took over a regency in the name of her nine year old son and would remain in de facto power till 1684 when Victor Amadeus banished her further involvement in the state .
Silly ( ) is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The house in the park later became the Viceregal Lodge , the '' out of season '' residence of the Lord Lieutenant ( also known as the Viceroy ) , where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards .
Born in Fabriano ( Ancona ) , Italy 1877 , Fabbri was first sentenced for anarchist activities at the age of 16 in Ancona , and spent many years in and out of Italian prisons .
Marcelo Carracedo ( born April 16 , 1970 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played in clubs of Argentina , Japan , Chile , Mexico , Spain , Germany and Austria .
He also serves as the Minister for Veterans ' Affairs and the Minister for Multicultural Affairs .
and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown !
To commemorate the success of Transition , Fly To The Sky released a special new edition , which included music videos , deleted scenes and the additional tracks '' Hwan Sang ( Illusion ) , '' '' Hot and Cold , '' and '' When I Say . ''
In 1757 he was made the British Resident ( administrator in charge ) of Murshidabad .
The album was ranked # 26 in Spins '' 100 Greatest Albums , 1985 -- 2005 '' and # 373 on Rolling Stones list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time .
The existing Aqua Claudia aqueduct was extended to supply water to the area and the gigantic bronze Colossus of Nero was set up nearby at the entrance to the Domus Aurea .
It has two forelimbs with small claws , two muscular hind-limbs , which are used for jumping , and a strong tail which is often used to create a tripod when standing upright .
Working with Gibbs , Perry continued his recording career but , once again , financial problems caused conflict .
Though certain to pass due to the Democratic-Republican majority , which had recently been solidified by the election of a Democratic-Republican clerk and speaker of the House , the Report was debated for five days .
If a movable holiday falls on Saturday , Sunday or Monday then it is not moved to another day .
The real numbers consist of irrational numbers and rational numbers , as well as the integers , whole numbers , and the natural numbers ( the counting numbers ) .
Sumatran tiger ( Panthera tigris sumatrae ) is a subspecies of tiger found on the Indonesian island of Sumatra .
Pierre is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County .
The former , Zimmer 483 , spawned three top five singles in Germany while the latter , Scream , spawned two singles that reached the top twenty in new territories such as France , Portugal , Spain and Italy .
These instruments may have just four strings ; or some strings may be paired in courses , giving the instrument a total of eight strings .
The following Raw and SmackDown !
Kevin Jackson ` Tears of a fawn ' , The Independent , Feb. 6 , 2005 .
The main olfactory system detects volatile , airborne substances , while the accessory olfactory system senses fluid-phase stimuli .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
The Sassanid Empire , which succeeded the Parthian Empire , was recognized as one of the two main powers in Western Asia and Europe , alongside the Roman Empire and later the Byzantine Empire , for a period of more than 400 years .
Season names in this kind of context are spelled with a lower-case initial .
South End Press .
At Tribal Council , the others decided to grant Jeff 's wish to leave the competition in a 4-2-1 vote .
The total area is 85.07 km which gives a population density of 78 inhabitants per km .
Gumprecht , A. ; Tillack , F. ; Orlov , N.L. ; Captain , A. & Ryabow , S. 2004 Asian Pit Vipers .
Choi Sung-Kuk ( born February 8 , 1983 ) is a South Korean football player .
Located close to the border with Switzerland , it is the capital of the department of Doubs .
The Christian democrats lost votes compared to 2002 , reaching only 35 % , and failed to get a majority for a '' black-yellow '' government of CDU/CSU and liberal FDP .
He is a prominent member of the Bush family : the younger brother of former President George W. Bush ; the older brother of Neil Bush , Marvin Bush and Dorothy Bush Koch ; and the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush .
In Moscow in 1992 , one-quarter of the 155,000 people in his audience came forward upon his request .
Now available in satellite Measat 3 platform along with other MBC Radio stations .
There are six main types of bridges : beam bridges , cantilever bridges , arch bridges , suspension bridges , cable-stayed bridges and truss bridges .
Harrell met with Blige and in 1989 she was signed to the label , becoming the company 's youngest and first female artist .
Asia The island nation of Usan-guk is conquered by the Korean Silla Dynasty general Lee Sabu .
Emperor Horikawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Founded in 1895 , each season currently consists of over 70 concerts in the Albert Hall , a series of chamber concerts at Cadogan Hall , additional Proms in the Park events across the United Kingdom on the last night , and associated educational and children 's events .
Besides his popular science writing , Zimmer also gives frequent lectures , and has been on many radio shows , including National Public Radio 's Fresh Air and This American Life .
A boyfriend can refer to a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other ; an intimate friend who is usually a man .
In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul linked to the creation of a head of state titled the President of the Republic .
As more and more of the atmosphere moves away from the star , deeper and deeper layers at higher and higher temperatures are exposed .
The Nintendo Entertainment System ( abbreviated to NES or Nintendo ) is an 8-bit video game console that was released by Nintendo in North America , Europe and Australia in .
The 1938 -- 39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Eukaryotic aerobic respiration produces approximately 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule , however most of these are produced by a vastly different mechanism to the substrate-level phosphorylation in glycolysis .
As of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 22,813 and a density of 70.03 persons per km .
He was a defender and a defensive midfielder .
Turnstiles are used at a wide variety of settings , including stadiums , amusement parks , museums , mass transit stations , office lobbies , retail sites , cafeterias , temporary exhibits , casinos and souvenir stands .
Nelson Frazier , Jr. ( born February 14 , 1972 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring names Mabel , Viscera , Big Daddy V , and King V/O. He is best known for his work with ( the ) World Wrestling Federation\/Entertainment ( WWF\/E ) . He is currently signed with All Japan Pro Wrestling .
Lea Ahlborn married the artist Carl Ahlborn and had several children .
The book , whose full title is Magnum crimen - pola vijeka klerikalizma u Hrvatskoj ( The Great Crime - a half-century of clericalism in Croatia ) , was written by a former Catholic priest and professor and historian at Belgrade University , Viktor Novak ( 1889 - 1977 ) .
The places for the believers in the hereafter are known as Paradise and for the non-believers as Hell .
The Gulf would extend as far as Indio , California , except for the tremendous delta created by the Colorado River .
She is currently the Secretary of State for Wales , and the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the constituency of Chesham and Amersham in Buckinghamshire .
A spin-off called Ka-Pow !
The practice of the Enthronement is based upon Pope Pius XII 's declaration that devotion to the Sacred of Jesus is '' the foundation on which to build the kingdom of God in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... ''
He played for the youth teams of SC Altbach , of Stuttgarter Kickers and , from July 1999 onwards , of Stuttgart .
LeMond went on to win gold , silver and bronze medals at the 1979 junior world championships in Argentina and amazed spectators with his spectacular victory in the road race .
The old Romanian word for serpent , drac , is nowadays the most common and casual reference to the devil/demon .
Flint was used for the manufacture of flint tools during the Stone Age as it splits into thin , sharp splinters called flakes or blades ( depending on the shape ) when struck by another hard object ( such as a hammerstone made of another material ) .
Paul McCartney commented : '' The only arguments were about things like me spending three days on Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
Domenico Ghirlandaio ( 1449 -- 1494 ) , Michelangelo 's teacher
The James Cotton Blues Band received a Grammy nomination in 1984 for Live From Chicago : Mr. Superharp Himself !
The team was re-named to Hispania Racing F1 Team ( HRT ) ahead of their first race , with the name taken from Grupo Hispania , one of Carabante 's companies .
After Jerilderie , Hart went into hiding with the gang and , for most of 1879 , the gang remained shawdowy and elusive figues although Hart did appear at a St. Kilda doctor 's surgery to be treated for a foot condition .
In 1968 Friedrich Kellner gave his diary to his American grandson to translate and bring to the attention of the public .
Restrictive cardiomyopathy ( RCM ) is an uncommon cardiomyopathy .
The content , which closely corresponds to the Protestant Old Testament , does not include the deuterocanonical portions of the Roman Catholic or the ' portions of the Eastern Orthodox Old Testaments . The term does not imply naming , numbering or ordering of books , which varies with Biblical canon .
During most of his career in Tampa Bay , he was the morning meteorologist for WFLA-TV , occasionally substituting on the evening editions .
Stephenie LaGrossa and Bobby Jon Drinkard competed once again in Survivor : Guatemala where they placed 2nd and 9th respectively .
Aphra Behn died on April 16 , 1689 , and was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Patrick Jacques Roy ( ; born October 5 , 1965 , in Sainte-Foy , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired ice hockey goaltender .
In 2003 Betty Ford published Healing and Hope : Six Women from the Betty Ford Center Share Their Powerful Journeys of Addiction and Recovery .
Test pilot With the help of his time as a member of an MTD , Collins accumulated over 1500 hours of flying , the minimum required for the USAF Experimental Flight Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base , California .
His 1872 Erlangen Program , classifying geometries by their underlying symmetry groups , was a hugely influential synthesis of much of the mathematics of the day .
Meowth has made an appearance in almost every episode in the anime because one is the constant companion of Team Rocket agents Jessie and James , the show 's main bungling antagonists .
It is bordered by the Northern Territory to the west , South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south .
Soaps for cleansing are obtained by treating vegetable or animal oils and fats with a strongly alkaline solution .
He was given the power ring and battery ( lantern ) by a dying alien named Abin Sur , whose spaceship crashed on Earth .
Indus Valley toad or marbled toad Bufo stomaticus is a species of toad found in Asia from Iran , Pakistan , Afghanistan to Nepal extending into Peninsular India from the plains to about 1800m .
The Millau Viaduct is a cable-stayed road-bridge that spans the valley of the river Tarn near Millau in southern France .
In 1945-46 , he wrote his first play It is written .
The British Rail Class 450 third-rail DC EMU began service during 2003 .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
His book
Barnes & Noble continued to expand throughout the 1980s , and in 1987 purchased the primarily shopping mall-based B. Dalton chain from Dayton Hudson .
According to Microsoft , Windows Server 2003 is more scalable and delivers better performance than its predecessor , Windows 2000 .
The story is set on Werel , the third planet of the Gamma Draconis system .
Close to the release of Windows 2000 Service Pack 1 , Microsoft released Windows 2000 Datacenter Server , targeted at large-scale computing systems with support for 32 processors , on 29 September 2000 .
All of the species are found in the Old World , ranging from Asia and its islands , to Europe , and Africa .
A criterium , or crit , is a bike race held on a short course ( usually less than 5 km ) , often run on closed-off city center streets .
This time was anyway a period of expansion for the Chaldean Catholic Church .
West , W. J . The Larger Evils -- Nineteen Eighty-Four , the truth behind the satire .
Sir Walter Merriman established ` Merryville ' one of the country 's most famous sheep studs and arguably its leading fine-wool establishment in 1903 .
However , flood watches were posted for much of Georgia and South Carolina .
He strictly forbade him to meddle with any musical instrument but Handel found means to get a little clavichord privately convey 'd to a room at the top of the house .
It was formerly the center of Nundle Shire Local Government Area , but most of this area , including the village of Nundle , was absorbed into Tamworth Regional Council in 2004 .
Out of the eighteen graduate schools and colleges , most Master 's level students are enrolled in the College of Engineering and the Ross School of Business , while most doctorate students attend the College of Literature , Science , and the Arts , College of Engineering , and the Law School .
Frederick '' Fred '' Cossom Hollows , AC ( 9 April 1929 & ndash ; 10 February 1993 ) was an ophthalmologist who became known for his work in restoring eyesight for countless thousands of people in Australia and many other countries .
The art centre is also home to the Gold Coast City Art Gallery .
The U.S. pilots however , had the greatest respect for their opponents and quickly dubbed them '' honchos '' ( Japanese for '' big shot '' ) .
According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , a Hindu satguru is always a sannyasin , an unmarried renunciate .
The Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award is an annual college football award given to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coach whose team excels on the field , in the classroom , and in the community .
Sutil is the son of professional musicians Monika , a German , and Jorge , a Uruguayan .
Network file systems A network file system is a file system that acts as a client for a remote file access protocol , providing access to files on a server .
- To esas la dezerto , e nulu esas sur la dezerti .
The Earth also is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
The scalp is the anatomical area bordered by the face anteriorly and the neck to the sides and posteriorly .
Anthony '' Tony '' Chimel ( born October 11 , 1961 ) is an American professional wrestling ring announcer , currently employed by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) working as the ring announcer for SmackDown brand .
The district of Leuk ( ) is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The following year Barbirolli was given the full conductorship , a post he held until the spring of 1941 .
There he served as a military advisor to the Bolivian army .
His first collection of short stories was printed in 2007 .
A good possibility for a source of '' Niger '' remains the Tuareg phrase gher n gheren '' river of rivers '' , shortened to ngher , a local name used along the middle reaches of the river around Timbuktu .
Heterodontosauridae ( '' different-toothed lizards '' ) is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs that were likely among the most basal ( primitive ) members of the group .
The Venerable , is the style used for such a servant of god declared to be '' heroic in virtue '' during the investigation and process leading to possible canonization as a saint .
Waxing in itself is a safe thing , but there are times when it is not safe to get waxed .
This was the debut of vocalist Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden .
Awards The channel has had critical and popular successes , winning more awards in its six year history than its commercial rivals ( Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Comedy Central ) have won in their combined 25-year history .
At the Voyager 2 images Cressida appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
In roller coasters :
The island territory of Sint Maarten ( ) is one of five island areas ( Eilandgebieden ) of the Netherlands Antilles , encompassing the southern half of the island of Saint Martin/Sint Maarten .
Some of these adjustments include the creation of the Winter Games for ice and snow sports , the Paralympic Games for athletes with a physical disability , and the Youth Olympic Games for teenage athletes .
George Herbert Walker Bush ( born June 12 , 1924 ) served as the 41st President of the United States ( 1989 - 1993 ) .
Layoff ( in British and American English ) , also called redundancy in the UK , is the temporary suspension or permanent termination of employment of an employee or ( more commonly ) a group of employees for business reasons , such as when certain positions are no longer necessary or when a business slow-down occurs . Originally the term layoff referred exclusively to a temporary interruption in work , as when factory work cyclically falls off .
The Battle of the Somme ( ) , also known as the Somme Offensive , took place during the First World War between 1 July and 18 November 1916 in the Somme department of France , on both banks of the river of the same name .
Jerry Hsu is a professional skateboarder .
In fact , the saga began with three appearances : Xena 's special character in episodes of Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , entitled The Warrior Princess , The Gauntlet and Unchained Heart .
The son of Frederick II , king of Denmark-Norway , and Sofie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , he was born at Frederiksborg castle in 1577 .
They were replaced in the 2001 season by Lorenzo , Michelle , Olga , and Rebekah .
Jacka never fully recovered from the multiple wounds he sustained during his war service , and died at the age of 39 .
The current franchise owner is United States Senator Herb Kohl .
Most significantly , it resulted in the first uniform Christian doctrine , called the Creed of Nicaea .
The plot of Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland follows Tingle 's transformation from a rather ordinary middle-aged man into his green-clothed fairy person .
The Biographical Directory of the United States Congress is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the United States Congress as well as its predecessor , the Continental Congress .
A papal conclave is a meeting of the College of Cardinals convened to elect a Bishop of Rome , who becomes the pope , when there is a vacancy in the office .
Odyssey or The Odyssey may also refer to :
Brown , p. 1 .
All footage from the still incomplete Ivan The Terrible : Part III was confiscated , and most of it was destroyed ( though several filmed scenes still exist today ) .
Chrome plating , often referred to simply as chrome , is a technique of electroplating a thin layer of chromium onto a metal object .
The Mitsubishi Galant is an automobile manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors since 1969 .
Condor is the name for two species of New World vultures , each in a monotypic genus .
Publishers Weekly declared Grisham '' the bestselling novelist of the 90s , '' selling a total of 60,742,289 copies .
Reedy Creek Observatory is the location for observations of Near-Earth objects by John Broughton , an Australian astronomer .
Of the few South Atlantic tropical cyclones that have existed , this was the only one in the eastern portion of the South Atlantic .
West Edmonton Mall ( WEM ) , located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , is the largest shopping mall in North America and the fifth largest in the world .
In Kojiki and Nihonshoki , only his name and genealogy were recorded .
Under the Board are the different administrators composed of the University President , the Vice-President for Academic Affairs , Vice-President for Finance , the University Registrar , Treasurer and Auditor as well as the Manager for Human Resource ( HRD ) .
Herpes simplex ( Herpes simplex virus 1 , 2 ) skin and mucosal , transmissible with or without visible blisters
After moving to Los Angeles , Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials .
The video , directed by Hugh Frost and Samuel Bebbington , also proved an internet hit after it was posted on YouTube .
It was held in the right hand to set the upper strings in vibration ; when not in use , it hung from the instrument by a ribbon .
Thus a cake made with butter or eggs instead of water is far denser after removal from the oven .
He was one of a handful of dukes who served as Prime Minister .
Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .
The African Bush Elephant or African Savanna Elephant ( Loxodonta africana ) is the larger of the two species of African elephant .
When the district Roda ( later Stadtroda ) was originally created in 1922 it already covered nearly the area of the current district .
Dorpalen , Andreas Hindenburg and the Weimar Republic , Princeton , New Jersey : Princeton University Press , 1964 .
bar :1861 text :1861
There will also be a new train station built that will link to the broader public transport network with options to connect to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
The use of the term '' Europe '' has developed gradually throughout history .
These units are part of Alstom 's '' Juniper '' family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 458 .
Holland is a name in common usage given to a region in the western part of the Netherlands .
Princeton University
Some of our senses operate in a logarithmic fashion ( Weber -- Fechner law ) , which makes logarithmic scales for these input quantities especially appropriate .
Plans had been made for Batista to defend the title in a Triple Threat match with Eddie Guerrero and Randy Orton on the November 18 episode , but the match did not take place due to the unexpected death of Guerrero on November 13 , the date of the taping .
Isabella emerged as the favorite of the ruling Armenian nobles and thus she was proclaimed queen by acclamation and placed under the regency of Adam of Baghras .
Taylor sept , one of several Clan Cameron groups
With the recovery of Babylonian independence , a new era of architectural activity ensued , and his son Nebuchadnezzar II ( 604 - 561 BC ) made Babylon into one of the wonders of the ancient world .
The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham and Sylvester Stallone , and directed by Stallone .
The Black-necked Grebe , Podiceps nigricollis , known in North America as the Eared Grebe , is a member of the grebe family of water birds .
Australia has also hosted the 1938 , 1962 , 1982 , and 2006 Commonwealth Games .
Before settlement , Clay County was home to the Cherokee Indians , who was a tribe of Native Americans that made their home in Southeastern United States ( principally Georgia , the Carolinas and Eastern Tennessee ) They were one of the '' Five Civilized Tribes '' because of their assimilation of European-American cultural and technological practices .
Each functional unit is not a separate CPU core but an execution resource within a single CPU such as an arithmetic logic unit , a bit shifter , or a multiplier .
Minardi was represented in 2004 by two rookies , Italian Gianmaria '' Gimmi '' Bruni and Hungarian Zsolt Baumgartner .
Giscos is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
As a German-speaking minority lives in Sierre , it counts as one of the three official bilingual towns in Switzerland .
Exports include sugar , rum , tinned fruit , and cacao .
Irvine is a city in and county seat of Estill County , Kentucky , United States .
Flanders had been meant to be just a neighbor that Homer was jealous of , but Harry Shearer used '' such a sweet voice '' and Flanders was broadened to become a Christian and a sweet guy that someone would prefer to live next to over Homer .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1998 . The names not retired from this list were used again in the 2004 season .
As of the 2002 census the municipality had 35,654 inhabitants , 16,270 living in the city itself and 19,384 in its rural districts , making the urban population the 45.63 % of the total population .
The chemistry of zinc is dominated by the +2 oxidation state .
Some definitions of the term include only people of relatively recent Sub Saharan African descent ( see African diaspora ) .
Useful plants are grown for consumption ( vegetables , fruits , herbs , and leaf vegetables ) or for medicinal use .
The Julian calendar began in 45 BC ( 709 AUC ) as a reform of the Roman calendar by Julius Caesar .
This reaction was first studied in 1961 at the University of California by Albert Ghiorso by using a californium target ( 52 % 252Cf ) .
On the other hand we do have tags , which can be used to alert people that you are in the process of making a larger edit ( within 1 - 180 minutes ) .
It featured the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers FIA Yearbook 1974 , Grey Section , pages 118-121 which were contested concurrently over a nine race series that commenced on May 20 and ended on December 29 .
Because of their self-policing nature and low cost structures , some companies offer free classifieds such as Craigslist , Loqqad , Kijiji , and Gumtree internationally .
Among host cities , only Los Angeles , Paris , Athens and London have played host to the Olympic Games more than once - each holding that honor twice .
The sum of the measures of the three exterior angles ( one for each vertex ) of any triangle is 360 degrees .
It is now the fifth most popular theme park in the world , beating out Epcot , Disney MGM and Disney 's Animal Kingdom .
He spent the final three months of the 2009 -- 10 season on loan at a second Championship club , Queens Park Rangers , whom he joined in February 2010 .
He is also credited with coining the terms '' Neolithic Revolution '' and '' Urban Revolution '' and combined with his innovative theories , he is recognized as a major contributor to the field of sociocultural evolution .
Because approximately 20 % of all mammalian herbivores also eat fruit , frugivory is considered to be common among mammals .
His elder brother was Richard Grenville-Temple , later the 2nd Earl Temple .
Clark was forced to stop with an oil leak on the last lap , and Ferrari signalled Bandini to let Surtees through into the second place which gave him the championship by one point from Hill .
The cliffs of the East Islet are about 10 to 20 metres high .
Bakot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , it has an average elevation of 645 metres .
Both men and women are eligible to contest this title .
Lamarque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is intermediate in size between Portia ( the second largest inner moon ) and Miranda ( the smallest of the five large classical moons ) .
Here the children got foster care although mothers were encouraged to visit as often as possible .
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
'' Baby Boy '' is a R&B -- reggae song by American singer Beyoncé Knowles and features Jamaican reggae rapper Sean Paul .
The cast features 15 major roles with star billing : 11 return from the fifth season , one returns from the fourth season after a year 's absence , and three are new regular cast members .
August 1 & ndash ; Caroline Herschel discovers a comet ( the first discovered by a woman ) .
Beveridge is a town in Victoria , Australia , located along the Hume Highway , 42 kilometres north of Melbourne in the Shire of Mitchell .
Gutenberg died in 1468 and was buried in the Franciscan church at Mainz , his contributions largely unknown .
The Reichstein process , developed in the 1930s , uses a single pre-fermentation followed by a purely chemical route .
A windmill is an engine powered by the wind to produce energy , often contained in a large building as in traditional post mills , smock mills and tower mills .
Wanting a change from ploughing fields , he moved to Memphis in 1926 where he worked in a number of jobs and played music for tips .
Blackwell Science Ltd Carroll , R.L. ( 1988 ) .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 29 .
With the release of latest album Rocket Science apop still going on the rock vibe while keeping close with synthpop sound like its predecessor YAMATW .
The quintessential quote is that of Kalhana in the Rajatarangini , who is regarded as a modern in Indian parlance
This ends the threat to the Romans from German tribes until the reign of Marcus Aurelius .
Younha made her debut as an artist at the young age of sixteen .
Today , French Canadians constitute the main French-speaking population of Canada .
Upload protection protects the file from , does not protect the file page from editing .
Albion is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
Gregorian chant is the central tradition of Western plainchant , a form of monophonic liturgical music within Western Christianity that accompanied the celebration of Mass and other ritual services .
Whereas Gnosticism has been considered by scholars to originate as a branch of Christianity , alternate theories have proposed traces of Gnostic systems existed some centuries before the Christian Era , thus predating the birth of Jesus .
Frost 's father was a teacher and later an editor of the San Francisco Evening Bulletin ( which later merged with the San Francisco Examiner ) , and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector .
It can refer to two different chemical compounds , sodium metaperiodate ( often abbreviated as m-periodate ) , which has the formula NaIO4 , and sodium orthoperiodate ( often abbreviated as o-periodate ) , which has the formula Na5IO6 .
This was the normal greeting in the language in which Saint Luke 's Gospel is written and continues to be used in the same sense in Modern Greek .
Its county seat is Murphy .
Sultan Malik al-Muattam razes the city walls of Jerusalem .
The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year in 1997 .
After the match , Mysterio celebrated with Chavo and Vickie Guerrero .
In 1939 , she represented England in 7th WWCh in Buenos Aires ( +17 -- 0 = 2 ) .
Another reform in 1900 created 28 metropolitan boroughs as sub-divisions of the County of London .
Ideally , the database software should enforce the ACID rules , summarized here : Atomicity : Either all the tasks in a transaction must be done , or none of them .
The Big 12 Championship Game was held by the Big 12 Conference each year .
Homo erectus ( from the Latin r g re , '' to put up , set upright '' ) is an extinct species of hominid that originated in Africa -- and spread as far as China and Java -- from the end of the Pliocene epoch to the later Pleistocene , about 1.8 to 1.3 million years ago .
Two ( of the three ) alternate captains handled on-ice duties in Luongo 's place .
Zara Yaqob becomes Emperor of Ethiopia .
In the Western world , he has been referred to as The Indian Machiavelli , although Chanakya 's works predate Machiavelli 's by about 1,800 years .
Compositions Erzherzog Carl Ludwig March , Op .
William Morris ( 24 March 1834 -- 3 October 1896 ) was an English architect , furniture and textile designer , artist , writer , socialist and Marxist associated with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and the English Arts and Crafts Movement .
They likely had a leading hand when , in August 1995 , two of Saddam Hussein 's sons-in-law ( Hussein Kamel and Saddam Kamel ) , who held high positions in the Iraqi military , defected to Jordan .
The pattern of reducing the contestants down was briefly interrupted on two occasions : once when Izzy ( Katie Crown ) was reinstated following a voting irregularity where her alter-ego , '' E-Scope '' , was voted off , and another time when Courtney ( Emilie-Claire Barlow ) , a contestant who did not originally qualify for Total Drama Action , successfully sued the show .
Hard hats for construction workers are worn mainly to protect the wearer from falling objects such as tools .
The path is well marked and guide books are available .
Until the early 1990s , histones were dismissed by most as inert packing material for eukaryotic nuclear DNA , based in part on the '' ball and stick '' models of Mark Ptashne and others who believed transcription was activated by protein-DNA and protein-protein interactions on largely naked DNA templates , as is the case in bacteria .
Among the largest of these is the division between classical music ( or '' art '' music ) , and popular music ( or commercial music - including rock music , country music , and pop music ) .
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
Bussey is a city in Marion County , Iowa , United States .
; Meaning of '' MSX '' abbreviation The exact meaning of the '' MSX '' abbreviation remains a matter of debate .
The safari heyday of the early 20th century ` Nitro era ' records much literature on such calibres as the .577 Nitro Express , .375 H&H Magnum , .416 Rigby , .404 Jeffery , .505 Gibbs , .450 Nitro Express , .470 Nitro Express and many others .
The International Court of Justice ( ; commonly referred to as the World Court or ICJ ) is the primary judicial organ of the United Nations .
By value , gold is by far the most important mineral mined . In 2004 , 6800000 o of gold worth $ 2.84 billion were mined in Nevada , and the state accounted for 8.7 % of world gold production ( see Gold mining in Nevada ) .
Caid ( ) is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
.
A buffer is a temporary memory location , that is traditionally used because CPU instructions can not directly address data stored in peripheral devices .
It is located at the edge of the Flemish Ardennes , the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders ( Flemish Region ) .
Luis , the fifteenth tropical cyclone , had formed from a tropical wave on August 27 .
In 1907 he moved out of the rural environment and started working as a machinist 's apprentice in Sisak .
ISBN 0-914171-78-X and produce '' seeds '' that are technically called achenes .
Born Hazel Reid in Newport News , Virginia , to Dr. Russell E. and Dr. Hazel Palleman Reid .
The prolific Asimov also wrote mysteries and fantasy , as well as much non-fiction .
It is the capital of Lublin Voivodeship with a population of 350,392 ( June 2009 ) .
Niobe 's iconic tears were also mentioned in Hamlet 's soliloquy ( Act 1 , Scene 2 ) , in which he contrasts his mother 's grief over the dead King , Hamlet 's father - '' like Niobe , all tears '' - to her unseemly hasty marriage to Claudius .
She was the founder of one of the most famous fashion brands , Chanel .
Setques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
First and third place finishers traditionally receive a gold medal and bronze medal , respectively .
He tells her that the land is called Narnia and is ruled by the ruthless White Witch , who ensures that it is always Winter but never Christmas .
Ishpeming 's elevation is 1436 f above mean sea level , which is over 800 f higher than that of nearby Lake Superior .
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Edward was sworn in as king alongside Harthacnut .
Coats of arms Coats of arms shows a golden anchor on blue reason .
For instance , in the United Kingdom a third party is a national political party other than the Conservatives and Labour which has a member ( s ) in the House of Commons .
Adam Noah Levine ( born March 18 , 1979 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician , best known as the frontman and guitarist for the rock band Maroon 5 .
A quarry now operates at the side of the hill and supplies most of Melbourne 's scoria .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
It is the largest church in the state of Indiana , and in 2007 was the 20th largest in the United States .
It was launched in 1983 , and research and development ran until June 30 , 1991 , eight years after it began .
Fern sadly says good-bye as the young pig is sold down the street to her uncle , Homer Zuckerman .
In 1931 , Warwickshire gained the town of Shipston-on-Stour from Worcestershire and several villages , including Long Marston and Welford-on-Avon , from Gloucestershire .
It opened in September 1994 and is the leading indoor Olympic-standard track in the United Kingdom .
On that night , Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H/ORGANIZATION. During the match , Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU .
Retrieved on August 29 , 2008 The episode was written by Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky , and directed by Brad Bird .
Cassiel - Ariel 's mate and Shade 's father .
The show features sketch comedy along with many musical numbers , featuring choreography by Paula Abdul .
Oviedo ( Asturian : Uviéu ; ) is the capital city of the Principality of Asturias in northern Spain .
Mecca , Saudi Arabia
Various scales , arpeggios and , for Grades 1-4 only , broken chords , are examined , according to the grade of difficulty .
The wood used to make the fretboard will usually differ from the wood in the rest of the neck .
The county town is Warwick , although the largest town is Nuneaton in the far north of the county .
This prohibition was repeated by Muhammad during the farewell sermon which was delivered on 9 Dhu al-Hijja 10 AH on Mount Arafat during the farewell pilgrimage to Mecca .
To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt designed by E.M. Barry which provided much of the station 's passenger facilities as well as an impressive architectural frontispiece to the street .
Scripts are personalized scripts ( typically , but not exclusively , written in JavaScript ) that may automate processes , or may merely improve and enhance the existing MediaWiki interface .
The cathedral opened in 1903 , a little after Bentley 's death .
A conceptual domain can be any coherent organization of human experience .
Born Erich Julius Eberhard von Zelewski , he legally added '' von dem Bach '' to the family name late in the 1930s .
Two years after its creation , it was reorganized in 1816 by order of the Congress of Vienna .
Pineapple ( Ananas comosus ) is the common name for a tropical plant and its edible fruit which are coalesced berries .
United Kingdom = Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Survivor ( TV series ) , a reality television show with several international versions
The pores are perforations in the endoskeleton through which podia for gas exchange project from the body .
They are primarily freshwater inhabitants and have organs adapted to the generation of electric fields .
David Boren , a former U.S. Senator and Oklahoma Governor , has served as President of the University of Oklahoma since 1994 .
Therefore , Darwin 's theory of natural selection acting on random mutations applies to bacteria as well as to more complex organisms .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
They also encounter a French woman named Danielle Rousseau who was shipwrecked on the island just over 16 years earlier , and they find a mysterious metal hatch buried in the ground .
It was the sixth and final single from Adams ' album Reckless and was included on Tina Turner 's live album Tina Live in Europe , as well as being added to both artists ' greatest hits compilations : Adams ' Anthology and Turner 's All the Best .
Joseba Andoni Etxeberria Lizardi ( born 5 September 1977 in Elgoibar , Gipuzkoa ) is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for Athletic de Bilbao in Spain 's first division , mostly as a winger .
In physics , power ( symbol : P ) is the rate at which work is performed or energy is transmitted , or the amount of energy required or expended for a given unit of time .
Gadsden County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
Three Stanley Cup winners have come from the Pacific Division : the Colorado Avalanche in 1996 , the Stars in 1999 , and the Anaheim Ducks in 2007 .
Hochwald is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Stoneman also sent two regiments of cavalry to destroy the lead mines and smelting facilities that were located about 10 m from Wytheville .
Ligand-gated ion channel receptors are a class of receptor that may occur both at the cell-surface or intracellularly .
Previously she had served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Like all land animals , the therapsids were seriously affected by the Permian -- Triassic extinction event , with the very successful gorgonopsians dying out altogether and the remaining groups , dicynodonts , therocephalians and cynodonts of a few species , each surviving into the Triassic .
It is the main component of connective tissue , and is the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % to 35 % of the whole-body protein content .
Sarah helped James with his speeches in private , copied his correspondence , and gave him advice .
The New Rolling Stone Album Guide .
Though the single was a success , it failed to achieve a Silver or better sales certification in the UK - unlike the previous 11 British Oasis singles .
Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions , and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide . Codeine is usually present in raw opium as free alkaloid in addition to codeine meconate , codeine pectinate , and possibly other naturally occurring codeine salts .
Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Marilyn Monroe , Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon .
Many Beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics .
IF U LIKE IT UP THE BUM THEN GIVE TANMAY A CALL NOW ON 0445569526962
Goro may refer to :
In one of the recorded creation myths , Huitzilopochtli is one of the four sons of Ometeotl , he made the first fire from which a half sun was created by Quetzalcoatl .
Hafnium 's large neutron capture cross-section makes hafnium a good material for neutron absorption in control rods in nuclear power plants , but at the same time requires that it be removed from the neutron-transparent corrosion-resistant zirconium alloys used in nuclear reactors .
Modern Talking , who by sales are the most successful and popular group in Germany , have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
The Threepenny Opera contains Weill 's most famous song , '' Mack the Knife '' ( '' Die Moritat von Mackie Messer '' ) .
QI has the highest viewing figures for any show on BBC Four and Dave.QI.com Audience figures .
The award became national in 1947 ; Jackie Robinson , the Brooklyn Dodgers ' first baseman , won the inaugural award .
Guitar Hero installments based on specific bands , such as Metallica and Aerosmith , were subsequently published .
After Lollapalooza , the band embarked on a worldwide tour , and already-existing tensions increased during that tour .
Ancient Greece is the civilization belonging to the period of Greek history lasting from the Archaic period of the 8th to 6th centuries BC to 146 BC and the Roman conquest of Greece after the Battle of Corinth .
Radcliffe has also made appearances in stage productions and a number of TV shows and films , including the ITV film My Boy Jack and the stage show Equus , for which he was nominated for a Drama Desk Award .
March 17 -- Emperor Go-Saga of Japan ( b. 1220 )
The banana plant has long been a source of fiber for high quality textiles .
Nurieux-Volognat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 bioregions , of which 30 are reef bioregions , and 40 are non-reef bioregions .
Each tale is followed by her refrain of '' And Grandpa never lies , so I know it 's so '' .
All Around Transportation operates a Paris/Brantford shuttle bus .
The station is on the Victoria Line and the London Overground Gospel Oak to Barking Line , in Travelcard Zone 3 and is the least used station on the Victoria Line with 6.179 million passengers per year .
Patricia Lee '' Patti '' Smith ( born December 30 , 1946 ) is an American singer -- songwriter , poet and visual artist who was a highly influential component of the New York City punk rock movement with her 1975 debut album Horses .
The obscurity in which the history of Aesop is involved has induced some scholars to deny his existence altogether .
The main government can control their defense and foreign affiairs , but not most of their everyday laws .
Late in their feud in early 2000 , Tori betrayed Kane and joined X-Pac and D-Generation X , and the former partner 's feud eventually ended at WrestleMania 2000 , in which Kane teamed with Rikishi to face X-Pac and Road Dogg . Kane and Rikishi came out victorious after Kane pinned X-Pac following a tombstone piledriver .
Brazilian
Gustav Mahler held the post from 1898 to 1901 , and under his baton the orchestra played abroad for the first time at the 1900 Paris World Exposition .
The catchment area for the Greater Vancouver watershed is close to the Garibaldi area .
Brandreth , p. 374 ; Shawcross , p. 76 She made a state visit to the United States that year , where she addressed the United Nations General Assembly .
The first of four test flights occurred in 1981 , which were followed by operational flights beginning in 1982 .
A secretary from Chiswick , London , she is a companion of the Tenth Doctor , appearing in one scene at the end of the final episode of the 2006 series , '' Doomsday '' ( named in the credits only as '' The Bride '' ) , and in the second Christmas special , '' The Runaway Bride '' .
The following is a list of voids with convenient names ; for more voids , see List of voids .
The common name '' metalmarks '' refers to the small metallic-looking spots commonly found on their wings .
Dark Angel is an American biopunk\/cyberpunk science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee .
The most notable storm was Hurricane Allen , a powerful Category 5 hurricane that traveled across the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico , causing widespread damage and hundreds of deaths .
Kohat is a district of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , Kohat city is the capital of the district .
There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican territory .
In 1999 the North Maluku ( Maluku Utara ) and Halmahera Tengah ( Central Halmahera ) regencies were split off as a separate province , so the islands are now divided between two provinces , Maluku and North Maluku .
Karts are rented by sessions ( 10 to 15 minutes usually ) , they use sturdy chassis completed with dedicated bodywork providing driver safety .
Delaplaine is a town in Greene County , Arkansas , United States .
In the 1950s , he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming ; in 1972 Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize .
Although not the first vetoed ( China vetoed the third term of Kurt Waldheim in 1981 ) , Boutros-Ghali was the only UN secretary-general not to be elected to a second term in office .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
In some plants , the bark is substantially thicker , providing further protection and giving the bark a characteristically distinctive structure with deep ridges .
Ali Abdullah Harib Al-Habsi , born December 30 , 1981 in Muscat ) is an Omani footballer of Somali descent . .
Fire Salamanders are active in the evening and the night , but on rainy days they are active in daytime as well .
Failure to choose session keys ( or any key ) properly is a major ( and too common in actual practice ) design flaw in any crypto system .
Paul Kalas and collaborators confirmed the sighting .
The Office of Fair Trading : OFT names further trustees as part of the independent schools settlement The headmaster is currently Dr Ralph Townsend , formerly of Sydney Grammar School and Oundle School .
Satoshi Hashida ( born 20 December 1981 ) is a Japanese football player who plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
She was hanged over the fire with a rope and she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
The San Joaquin River meets the Sacramento River near the city of Antioch . Together they form the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta , one of the largest estuaries in the United States , before draining into Suisun Bay .
Guided by Voices initially disbanded in 2004 , though many of its former members remain musically involved in solo careers or other projects .
The canton of Valais lies in the southwest of Switzerland .
Hazard symbols are recognizable symbols designed to warn about hazardous materials or locations . The use of hazard symbols is often regulated by law and directed by standards organizations .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Regarding its mix of folk , balladry and prog rock , NME editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray have said , '' Some of it belonged in '67 and some of it in ' 72 , but in 1969 it all seemed vastly incongruous .
The original Wembley Stadium , known as the Empire Stadium or Old Wembley , was a football stadium in Wembley , a suburb of north-west London , standing on the site now occupied by the new Wembley Stadium that opened in 2007 .
Cayce was a psychic from Kentucky who claimed healing abilities and made prophesies .
As Lower Egypt had been conquered by Upper Egypt , Sekhmet ( lioness ) was seen as the more powerful of the two warrior goddesses , the other , Bast ( cat ) , being the similar warrior goddess of Lower Egypt .
It is the county seat of Highlands County , and is the principal city of the Sebring Micropolitan area .
Jon Stevens Corzine ( born January 1 , 1947 ) is a financial executive and a former American politician , who served as the 54th Governor of New Jersey from 2006 to 2010 .
Lulu Kennedy-Cairns , OBE ( born Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie , 3 November 1948 , Lennoxtown , Stirlingshire ) , best known by her stage name Lulu , is a Scottish singer , actress , and television personality who has been successful in the entertainment business from the 1960s through to the present day .
Because it is a known carcinogen , its use as an additive in gasoline is now limited , but it is an important industrial solvent and precursor in the production of drugs , plastics , synthetic rubber , and dyes .
Worldwide , Sublime has sold over 17 million albums , Big Records including about 10 million in the U.S. alone .
According to Rowling , Harry is strongly guided by his own conscience , and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong .
The Dunkirk evacuation , code-named Operation Dynamo by the British , was the evacuation of Allied soldiers from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk , France , between 26 May and the early hours of 3 June 1940 , when British , French and Belgian troops were cut off by the German army during the Battle of Dunkirk in the Second World War .
A large number of mammals ( including some humans ) and predatory birds have a brown coloration .
On 7 December 2009 , Silverstone was awarded the rights to host the British Grand Prix for the next 17 years .
The name Larkhall or Laverock ` Ha first appears in journals around 1620 .
Viola odorata is a species of the genus Viola native to Europe and Asia , but has also been introduced to North America and Australasia .
In addition , UPN had been able to hold on to the ratings from Thursday nights , most notably with comedian Chris Rock 's sitcom Everybody Hates Chris .
It is quite large , containing about 200 & ndash ; 220 species that are native to warm-temperate , subtropical and tropical regions throughout the world .
The district capital , Sanghar , is itself a small city roughly east-south-east of the city of Nawabshah and the same distance north of Mirpur Khas .
The city was burned down by the Tatars in 1513 , by the Ottomans in 1538 , by the Imperial Russian troops in 1686 .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening ( The Simpsons ) and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
The Hindu Kush mountains , running northeast to southwest across the country , divide it into three major regions : 1 ) the Central Highlands , which form part of the Himalayan Mountains and account for roughly two thirds of the country 's area ; 2 ) the Southwestern Plateau , which accounts for one-fourth of the land ; and 3 ) the smaller Northern Plains area , which contains the country 's most fertile soil .
Nikki Joy Bryant
They sold the Opel Kadett , Opel Corsa , Opel Ascona and Opel Senator .
In humans , common symptoms may include slurred speech , impaired balance , poor coordination , flushed face , reddened eyes , reduced inhibition , and erratic behavior .
The common name comes from a Portuguese war ship type of the 15th and 16th century , the man-of-war ( named caravela-portuguesa in Portuguese , caravel ) , which had triangular sails similar in outline to the bladder of the Portuguese Man O ' War .
At the time , the land was unorganized territory that consisted of all the federal land '' west of the Mississippi and not within the states of Missouri and Louisiana , or the territory of Arkansas ... '' By 1856 , the territory had been reduced to the modern day borders of the State of Oklahoma .
Her next film role was in Shawn Levy 's 2010 comedy Date Night , a feature that focuses on a married couple , played by Fey and Steve Carell , who go on a date ; however , the night goes awry for the two .
Serious accidents The worst nuclear accident in history is the Chernobyl disaster .
The major differences between this distribution and basic Debian are a custom kernel with realtime patches applied , some pre-configuration and a custom package selection designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users .
Over the last century , the concept of valence evolved into a range of approaches for describing the chemical bond , including Lewis structures (/O1916/O) , valence bond theory (/O1927/O) , molecular orbitals (/O1928/O) , valence shell electron pair repulsion theory (/O1958/O) and all the advanced methods of quantum chemistry .
Album pages are almost always one-sided ; two-sided pages save space , but require interleaving sheets to prevent stamps from catching on each other .
Eventually an international consensus emerged that both Le Verrier and Adams jointly deserved credit .
It is a widespread , and well known group of over 375 species , many of which are closely related apomictic microspecies native throughout the temperate northern hemisphere and South America .
Acoustics is the interdisciplinary science that deals with the study of all mechanical waves in gases , liquids , and solids including vibration , sound , ultrasound and infrasound . A scientist who works in the field of acoustics is an acoustician while someone working in the field of acoustics technology may be called an acoustical or audio engineer .
Collaborators include Fabolous , Rap.about.com T-Pain , Brisco , Bobby Valentino , Betty Wright , Static Major , Robin Thicke , Kidd Kidd , Jay-Z , ThePremier ( February 25 , 2008 ) .
March 24 & ndash ; Alyson Hannigan , American actress
Politics in South India is dominated by smaller regional political parties rather than by national political parties .
Hunt , Herschiel .
This peg was maintained until 1966 , when the rupee was devalued and pegged to the U.S. dollar at a rate of 45 rupees = 1 dollar ( at the time , the rupee became equal to 11.4 British pence ) .
According to its website , Bircham International University website Bircham was established in Europe in 1992 and is registered in Delaware ( United States ) , Spain , and the Bahamas .
Direct evidence was not obtained until 1995 when data from the Hubble Space Telescope and other observations had already suggested the existence of liquid methane on Titan , either in disconnected pockets or on the scale of satellite-wide oceans , similar to water on Earth .
Saints Simon and Jude are venerated together in the Roman Catholic Church on October 28 .
The funeral drew between 30,000 and 40,000 people out on the streets of his home town to honor him .
RHTV airs the live video feed of DZRH programs , except Ang Dating Daan , selected radio dramas , during sign-off , and Voice of Prophecy ( Tinig ng Pag-Asa ) .
Jerusalem is the country 's capital , seat of government , and largest city , while Israel 's main financial center is Tel Aviv .
Opening , 1893 The Queen 's Hall first opened its doors on 25 November 1893 when Newman gave a children 's party in the afternoon .
It is also a source of zinc ions for chemistry .
Discharge pressures can range from low pressure to very high pressure ( ) 18000 psi or 180 MPa ) .
It is the capital of a kraj ( Trnava Region ) and of an okres ( Trnava District ) .
Frugalware A general purpose Linux distribution designed for intermediate users .
If a white dwarf has a close companion star that overflows its Roche lobe , the white dwarf will steadily accrete gases from the star 's outer atmosphere .
The phosphite ion ( HPO33 ) is a polyatomic ion with a phosphorus central atom where phosphorus has an oxidation state of +3 .
As a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan , Custer was promoted to the rank of Captain during the Army of the Potomac 's 1862 Peninsula Campaign .
He is the older brother of Jordan Staal , who is playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Marc Staal , who is playing for the New York Rangers , and Jared Staal , who was signed by Eric 's team , the Hurricanes but is currently playing for the Ontario Hockey League 's Sudbury Wolves .
The Norton Safe Web toolbar also includes an Ask.com search box .
Anastasia stuck her tongue out at Yakov Yurovsky , the head of the detachment , when he momentarily turned his back and left the room .
The description refers to the villans , the ploughs , of meadow , and woodland pasture , which is given as two leagues by a league .
Nintendo DS version Gyakuten Saiban 2 was remade for the Nintendo DS as Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney Justice for All using the same engine as Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney .
Troarn is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Miller scored his first goal in his first appearance of the 2007-08 season in a 4 1 victory over Falkirk and added to his collection the following week by scoring a brace against Aberdeen .
Duvalier held Haiti in his grip until his death in early 1971 . His 19-year-old son Jean-Claude Duvalier , nicknamed '' Baby Doc '' , succeeded as president .
Ashbourne is a small market town in the Derbyshire Dales , England .
Gilbert 's Potoroo is Australia 's most endangered animal .
In , the Pirates opened a new stadium , PNC Park .
The first Formula One race was held in 14 August 1958 in Boavista , followed in 1959 by a Grand Prix at Monsanto , return to Boavista in 1960 , after which it was ended .
He is a budding singer and pianist , although he enjoys playing the piano more than he enjoys practicing .
Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue .
Linda Barwick , an ethnomusicologist , says that though traditionally women have not played the didgeridoo in ceremony , in informal situations there is no prohibition in the Dreaming Law .
The Marshall Islands , officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands ( RMI ) , is a Micronesian nation of atolls and islands in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , just west of the International Date Line and just north of the Equator .
When his family returned to Japan in 1944 , he began studying piano with Noboru Toyomasu , heavily studying the works of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Holy Roman Empire Personal union with Spain from 1519 to 1556 under Charles V. Personal union with Hungary from 1526 to 1806 Hungary Personal union with Poland and Bohemia 1301 - 1305 Personal union with Poland from 1370 to 1382 under the reign of Louis the Great .
Its Governorship was held simultaneously by Governor of Sierra Leone .
Johann Christian Bach Life ( Karadar Music ) accessed 21 Dec 2007 He met soprano Cecilia Grassi in 1766 and married her shortly thereafter .
On 16 July 2007 , the district parliament decided to change the name again to Burgenlandkreis coming into effect on the 1 August 2007 .
Beautiful ( 2000 film ) , an American film starring Minnie Driver and Kathleen Turner
Warminster is a town in western Wiltshire , England , by-passed by the A36 , and near Frome and Westbury .
Location Bulbourethral glands are located posterior and lateral to the membranous portion of the urethra at the base of the penis , between the two layers of the fascia of the urogenital diaphragm , in the deep perineal pouch .
The accompanying Neil 's Heavy Concept Album , a loose collection of songs and spoken comedy , included appearances by The Young Ones alumni Dawn French and Stephen Fry .
October 8 & ndash ; Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
We Used to Vacation (/O2006/O)
The savings in terms of processing time can be significant , since retrieving a value from memory is often faster than undergoing an ` expensive ' computation or input\/output operation .
Emmett is part of the Boise City -- Nampa , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation , Florida
Triple Threat match for the WWE Tag Team Championship 08:46 5 Shawn Michaels defeated Chris Jericho .
An anchor is a heavy object , often made out of metal , that is used to attach a ship to the bottom of a body of water at a specific point to act as a weight to keep the ship from moving .
A haboob ( Arabic ) is a type of intense sandstorm commonly observed in arid regions throughout the world .
If a commune member was attacked outside the city , it was too late to call for help , as it was unlikely anyone would arrive in time .
Dhaka ( haka )
Since public-key algorithms tend to be much slower than symmetric-key algorithms , modern systems such as TLS and SSH use a combination of the two : one party receives the other 's public key , and encrypts a small piece of data ( either a symmetric key or some data used to generate it ) .
An air conditioner is a home appliance , system , or mechanism designed to dehumidify and extract heat from an area , or provide heat to an area .
Prescott Observatory ( IAU code 684 ) is operated by Paul G. Comba .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping haven as over five million visitors ( mainly from the American mainland and Japan ) flock there every year to enjoy the quintessential island holiday experience that the Hawaiian Islands and their multicultural people now personify .
Tamil is a Dravidian language spoken predominantly by Tamil people of the Indian subcontinent .
The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series and mixed martial arts ( MMA ) competition , originating from the United States and produced by Spike TV and the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
First enacted to honor Union soldiers of the American Civil War ( it is celebrated near the day of reunification after the Civil War ) , it was expanded after World War I to include American casualties of any war or military action .
The station model is primarily used on surface-weather maps , but can also be used to show the weather aloft .
Cypress Gardens and Splash Island began separate ticketing , with dual-park season passes also available ; parking was free .
'' Self Esteem '' is a song by punk rock group The Offspring .
It is owned by FirstGroup and combines the service on the cross-London Thameslink railway line between Brighton and Bedford with services along the East Coast Main Line from King 's Cross and Moorgate to Peterborough , Cambridge , and King 's Lynn formerly operated by WAGN , which is now often referred to as the Great Northern Route .
In 1944 , as Britain was nearing its sixth year in World War II , and 38-year-old Vera , who was widowed the previous year , still holding the title of women 's world champion , her two sisters and their mother were killed in a V-1 rocket bombing raid which destroyed their home at 47 Gauden Road in the Clapham area of South London .
Most of the games described below started as ad-hoc variants , but they have either become popular enough to have a common name , or else have some unique feature to merit including them here .
Life Legend has it that Virgil was born in the village of Andes , near MantuaThe epitaph on his tomb in Posilipo near Naples was Mantua me genuit ; Calabri rapuere ; tenet nunc Parthenope .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
The Songhai Empire , also known as the Songhay Empire , was a state located in western Africa .
Tagore 's last four years were marked by chronic pain and two long periods of illness .
This category contains articles on the various Star Trek television series .
The turning point in her career was n't till the year 2000 , when she won the role of Naru Narusegawa in the popular anime Love Hina .
These are called '' Inter-Stitch-als '' and are featured on Disney 's official site .
The SG Essen is one of the most successful swimming associations in West Germany .
Lignan-de-Bazas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Following college , he completed a Bachelor of Divinity degree at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , California ( 1968 - 71 ) .
His parents were both Jewish mathematicians from a vibrant intellectual community .
In July , '' Emergency '' was released as the second single , the video again reuniting the band with director Shane Drake and featuring Hunter Lamb ( rhythm guitar ) , who replaced Jason Bynum .
Already known for having conducted Tchaikovsky 's The Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre at the age of 20 , he quickly established his reputation .
The tail was flexible at the base but sheathed in a lattice of bony rods ; this allowed it to be carried in a sharply upturned position .
Baker County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Guthrie died of complications of Huntington 's disease in 1967 .
The United Kingdom demanded and succeeded in continuing to occupy a portion of Cyprus in the form of military bases because of the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea in pursuit of British interests .
Born as Alfons Karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .
Jilin Fine Arts , in collaboration with the VIZ Media Shanghai Branch , has translated the manga into Chinese .
El Muerto ( alternatively , The Dead One , El Muerto : The Dead One , The Dead One : El Muerto , The Dead One : An American Legend ) is a live-action independent film adaptation of the comic book series , El Muerto : The Aztec Zombie created by Javier Hernandez .
County Donegal ( , - ) is an administrative county in the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two traditional counties of the island of Ireland , located in the province of Ulster . It is the northernmost county in Ireland and is named after the town of Donegal .
Darling ' was a great one of Paul 's that he did n't sing too well .
NASA 's Venus In-Situ Explorer mission to Venus ( part of the New Frontiers program ) .
Inspiration Software , a developer and publisher of visual learning software
All is ultimately forgiven , as the entire group praises the ability to accept life 's unavoidable good times and bad times .
T. K. Velu Pillai , ( 1940 ) '' The Travancore State Manual '' ; 4 volumes ; Trivandrum Caldwell , R ( 1998 ) '' A comparative grammar of the Dravidian or South-Indian family of languages '' 3rd ed .
Samuel Adams ( -- October 2 , 1803 ) was an American statesman , political philosopher , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Khalsa says that MLIA seeks to '' bring to light how much stupid and boring stuff gets posted on the Internet . ''
Historians disagree about the dates of a '' Bronze Age '' in China . The difficulty lies in the term '' Bronze Age '' itself , as it has been applied to signify a period in European and Middle Eastern history when bronze tools replaced stone tools , and were later replaced by iron ones .
Aberdeen was officially incorporated on May 12 , 1890 .
Erich Johann Albert Raeder ( 24 April 1876 6 November 1960 ) was a naval leader in Germany before and during World War II .
Cars did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
In the early days before fiberglass body panels became available , enthusiast and racers simply made their own modification to both the body and mechanicals of a stock VW to develop a machine suited to harsh , off-road environments .
Born in Edo , he was the second son of a daimyo of the Akizuki clan , who controlled part of Hyuga province .
Conquest Joshua sends out two spies from Shittim to explore the city of Jericho .
The topping is frequently sweetened with sugar and flavoured or topped with a puree or compote of fruit .
O ' Cracker Where Art Thou ?
Waldheim was Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981 , and President of Austria from 1986 to 1992 .
Despite being a striker at his team Lokomotiv Moscow , during Guus Hiddink 's term at the Russian national football team he was used as a midfielder .
The talk show , airing every Thursday and Friday on the CBS website , interviews former contestants and reviews the players ' gameplay .
Todd Harry Rundgren ( born June 22 , 1948 ) is an American musician , singer-songwriter and record producer .
When the fires are extinguished , it is discovered that an entire district of some 10,000 houses in the southeast of the city were consumed by the flames .
Her achievements include the creation of a theory of radioactivity ( a term she coined ) , techniques for isolating radioactive isotopes , and the discovery of two new elements , polonium and radium .
Alternatively , copper hydroxide is readily made by electrolysis of water ( containing a little electrolyte such as sodium bicarbonate ) . A copper anode is used , often made from scrap copper .
Dixon was first introduced to blues when he served time on prison farms in Mississippi as an early-teenager .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus ( ) when the penis is not erect .
Both companies have stopped making their own mobile phones .
CNBC-e is a hybrid business\/financial and entertainment channel operated in Turkey by CNBC Europe and the NTV Group .
made its season premiere on September 9 , 2005 .
The state is home to the National Storm Prediction Center of the National Weather Service located at Norman .
Menziken is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In 1896 , winners ' medals were in fact silver .
So Japan 's currency code is JPY- JP for Japan and Y for yen .
Curt Jacob Stern was born in Hamburg , Germany .
The Aar ( German Aare ) , a tributary of the Rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland .
MEPIS LLC also offers senior consulting services for product strategy , architecture design , business and systems analysis , and cross-platform software development .
Call of Duty 3 is a World War II first-person shooter and the third installment in the Call of Duty video game series .
With 128 million unit sales , Brooks has been certified the top-selling solo recording artist in U.S. history . ''
Les Salles-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Nationwide Arena is a sports and entertainment arena in Columbus , Ohio .
Mohandas Gandhi said '' I am a Muslim , and a Hindu , and a Christian , and a Jew '' although he was born a Jain .
Texas Southern University ( shortened to Texas Southern , or simply TSU ) is a historically black university located in Houston , Texas , United States .
The original Eau de Cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in Cologne in 1709 by Giovanni Maria Farina ( 1685 - 1766 ) , an Italian perfume maker from Santa Maria Maggiore Valle Vigezzo , Italy .
Silt is easily transported in water or other liquid and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air in the form of dust .
However , homicide can not be ruled out because of the finding of an hematoma on Ophelie 's body as well as many gray areas during the search .
Only 3,508 1975 and '76 Cosworth Vegas were produced from March 1975 through 1976 .
Bromine monochloride , also called bromine ( I ) chloride , bromochloride , and bromine chloride , is an interhalogen inorganic compound with chemical formula BrCl .
Deflagration is different from detonation ( which is supersonic and propagates through shock compression ) .
On his right arm he has a tattoo of the Elvish word '' nine '' written in Quenya-mode Tengwar , a reference to his involvement in the Lord of the Rings and the fact that his character was one of the nine members of the Fellowship of the Ring .
The central region of the coronal and radicular pulp contains large nerve trunks and blood vessels .
Examples of particular species of patents for inventions include biological patents , business method patents , chemical patents and software patents .
The residents of unincorporated Deltona voted in September 1995 to incorporate Deltona as a new city , after two previous failed attempts to do so in 1987 and 1990 . A seven-member commission was elected , and as of December 31 , 1995 , the City of Deltona became official .
Undated Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
Pall , a trustee of the North Shore University Hospital , died of complications of Alzheimer 's disease at his last home in Roslyn Estates , New York .
This form of iron is used in the type of stainless steel used for making cutlery , and hospital and food-service equipment .
RIP SLYME is a Japanese hip hop group .
The system organized rapidly south of Cape Hatteras , becoming a tropical depression on July 4 and a 50 mph tropical storm on the 5th .
At this time , there were many highwaymen operating around the area where Ben Hall lived .
As of now he is in a band called Isinglass playing drums since 2006 .
Death Gable died in Los Angeles , California on November 16 , 1960 , the result of a heart attack ten days after suffering a severe coronary thrombosis .
However , after only six weeks of raising him , John Arable tells Fern that it 's time for him to be sold ( his sibling were already sold ) .
Council meetings The Federal Council operates mainly through weekly meetings , which are held each Wednesday at the Federal Palace in Bern/LOCATION. , the seat of the Swiss federal government .
Proceedings of the Royal Geographical Society and Monthly Record of Geography , 10 ( 10 ) , 613 -- 624 ( 1888 ) .
From 1987 to 2010 he served as Member of Parliament for Banff and Buchan in the United Kingdom 's House of Commons .
Fiction Records In April 2007 , Nash was signed to the Polydor offshoot Fiction Records .
At the beginning of the 1940s , the track required further improvement .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
However , JFDuke3D appears to be on hiatus as no new versions have appeared since late 2005 .
It is an alkaline earth metal and the seventh most abundant element in the Earth 's crust , where it constitutes about 2 % by mass , and ninth in the known Universe as a whole .
Cayce 's work grew in volume as his fame grew .
It is sometimes called the world 's first novel , the first modern novel , the first psychological novel or the first novel to still be considered a classic , though this issue is a matter of debate ( see Stature below ) .
Genus Haborophocoena & .
The Anguilloidei are a sub-order of the order Anguilliformes ( the eels ) that contains 6 families :
Dundee Football Club , founded in 1893 , are a football club based in the city of Dundee , Scotland .
'' Need Your Loving Tonight '' \/O/ '' Rock It ( Prime Jive ) '' -- Elektra E47086 : released 18 November 1980 ( US # 44 )
However , the core of Dowding 's system was implemented by Dowding himself : the use of Radio Direction Finding ( RDF , later called radar , for radio detection and ranging ) was at his behest , and its use , supplemented by information by the ROC , was crucial to the RAF 's ability to efficiently intercept incoming German aircraft .
The sales of the DVD were good enough to make sure the movie would be produced .
Code conversion , multiple meanings in telecommunication
Vice Admiral Russell Crane is the current Chief of Navy ; he was appointed to this position in 2008 .
Chocolate Bayou is an unincorporated area in Brazoria County , Texas , United States .
Lastly , a critical step : add for the information you have put into the stub ; see for information on how to do so in Wikipedia .
Quinine , used to treat certain forms of Malaria , sometimes used to make food have a bitter taste .
Several Hungarian families came to live in Bezenye , some of whom had been displaced from Slovakia .
A highly sensitive person ( HSP ) is a person having the innate trait of high sensitivity ( or innate sensitiveness as Carl Gustav Jung originally coined it ) .
They have a '' crown '' of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the '' crown '' .
Undoubtedly the geography of Greece- divided and sub-divided by hills , mountains and rivers- contributed to the fragmentary nature of ancient Greece .
Marlow ( previously Great Marlow or Chipping Marlow ) is a town and civil parish within Wycombe district in south Buckinghamshire , England .
The 1920 Games were awarded to Antwerp to honor the people of that city after the suffering they endured during World War I/O. The initial choice for the site of the Games had been Budapest , Hungary .
Increased aridity during peak glaciation ( about 18,000 years ago ) may have also contributed to the extinction of the megafauna .
Tony urges Sid to try and score with Michelle on the rebound , and just as Michelle appears to find comfort in him , Tony appears and forces Sid to watch as he takes Michelle back instantly , affirming his power over them both .
History San Gimignano was founded as a small village in the 3rd century BC by the Etruscans .
The region is divided into two provinces : Potenza and Matera .
Allen 's second album , It 's Not Me , It 's You , was released in the UK on 9 February 2009 and the United States on 10 February 2009 .
She assiduously cultivates the friendship with Elinor Dashwood and Mrs. John Dashwood .
During his last 3 hours on the cross , from noon to 3 p.m. , darkness falls over the whole land .
In 2006 , a study showing that the malaria mosquito ( Anopheles gambiae ) is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology .
Lamarque is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern of the Netherlands , near to the border with Germany .
The first series titled Dicht bij Huis ( '' Close to home '' ) , appeared in 1902 .
Quesques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the summer of 2006 , Cold War Kids signed to Downtown Records ( home to Gnarls Barkley , Art Brut ) and released their debut LP Robbers & Cowards that fall .
Seneffe is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette , which reached peak winds of 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) , but did not significantly affect land .
VALIS ( 1980 ) is perhaps Dick 's most postmodern and autobiographical novel , examining his own unexplained experiences ( see above ) .
Buddhist monks in India adopted saffron-coloured robes after the Buddha Siddhartha Gautama 's death .
The 45 km long and 20 -- 30 km wide hill range is heavily wooded and a popular recreation area with the Viennese .
The Bureau , originally named the Portland Metropolitan Police Force , was established in 1870 by the Portland City Council .
Union ( computer science ) , a type of data
Orkney ( particularly its capital , Kirkwall ) hosts the St Magnus Festival , an arts festival founded by Davies in 1977 .
DeVoe phoned Hoppus and Barker the following day to tell them that DeLonge had quit the band , stating : '' As of today , Tom DeLonge is no longer a member of Blink-182 . '' DeLonge subsequently changed his telephone number to avoid discussing the matter with Hoppus and Barker .
A thin film transistor liquid crystal display ( TFT-LCD ) is a variant of liquid crystal display ( LCD ) which uses thin film transistor ( TFT ) technology to improve image quality ( e.g. addressability , contrast ) .
Libin is a municipality of Belgium .
She is the 2006 Olympic silver medalist , 2003 Grand Prix Final Champion , and 2006 U.S. National Champion .
Ibadis also have several doctrinal differences with orthodox Sunni Islam , chief among them :
In common usage , such terms as the '' Paleolithic diet '' also refer to the actual ancestral human diet .
Translated from the Hebrew by Solomon Gandz ; supplemented , introduced , and edited by Julian Obermann ; with an astronomical commentary by Otto Neugebauer .
She was brought up in Hyderabad in a religious family .
When Julius Caesar arrived in the region in the 1st century BC , the region was settled by the Nervii .
Stephen Joseph Harper , PC , MP ( born April 30 , 1959 ) is the 22nd and current Prime Minister of Canada , and leader of the Conservative Party .
The conditions of the Pact contributed greatly to the succeeding and final two partitions of Poland .
The same functionality which makes a debugger useful for eliminating bugs allows it to be used as a software cracking tool to evade copy protection , digital rights management , and other software protection features .
Hummer was a brand of trucks marketed since 1992 by AM General when it began selling the civilian version of the M998 High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle ( HMMWV or Hum-Vee ) .
She and her sister , Barbara Pierce Bush , were the first twin children of a United States president .
Harrodsburg was the first seat of Kentucky County .
Reception During album reviews for All Hope Is Gone , '' Dead Memories '' was remarked upon for its melody and accessibility .
The fourth point suggests moments of cross fertilization for artists and poets in order to support the thesis that a literary text may inspire the creation of a figurative art work and vice versa : the result is a new and complete form of art .
Such louvers may be integrated in between two panes of double glazing .
There is also a Welsh language radio station , BBC Radio Cymru , which was launched in 1977 .
Bricostore is a French hypermarket chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods .
The last of these trains , with their classic bullet-nosed appearance , were retired on 30 November 2008 .
The show premiered on September 24 , 2007 , airing Mondays at 10 p.m. Eastern Time .
The Nintendo GameCube was the first Nintendo console to use optical discs as its primary storage medium , after several aborted projects from Nintendo and its partners to utilize optical-based storage media .
A person whose profession ( science , medicine , literature ) solely involves the production and dissemination of ideas .
Another bee-inspired stigmergic computational technique called bee colony optimization is employed in Internet Server Optimization .
Members of the order are distinguished by their skins , which bear horny scales or shields .
Biblically , bugles are found in the time of Moses , when God commanded Moses to ` make two bugles of hammered silver ' in Numbers 10:1 -3 .
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The average household size is 2.64 and the average family size is 3.10 .
Micah Lincoln Richards ( born 24 June 1988 ) is an English footballer who plays for Manchester City in the Premier League .
Park Kun-Ha ( born 25 July 1971 in Daejeon , South Korea ) is a retired South Korean footballer and the manager of Suwon Samsung Bluewings U-18 Team .
Estrées - la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nonkilling refers to the absence of killing , threats to kill , and conditions conducive to killing in human society .
Baitul Mukarram ( ) , ( ; The holy house ) is the national mosque of BangladeshBaitul Mukarram-the National Mosque of Bangladesh , Bangladesh Embassy at Bhutan website .
Acronyms , keyboard symbols and shortened words are often used as methods of abbreviation in Internet slang .
The football teams have met nearly every year since 1878 , making it one of the oldest high school rivalries in the country .
Oxygen difluoride was first reported in 1929 ; it was obtained by the electrolysis of molten potassium fluoride and hydrofluoric acid containing small quantities of water .
Henry Dearborn ( February 23 , 1751 - June 6 , 1829 ) was an American physician , a statesman and a veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
Some shelters also offer business cards with information on the shelter 's location and services , which can be given in lieu of cash .
The label still issues any Sinatra work recorded while on the label and , after his death in 1998 , it had great success with his greatest hits collections .
The word esperanto means '' one who hopes '' in the language itself .
Mayday Parade is a pop punk band from Tallahassee , Florida .
The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest growing cell populations in the human body , which is why some forms of chemotherapy that kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss .
Alsace is located on France 's eastern border and on the west bank of the upper Rhine adjacent to Germany and Switzerland .
Following his father 's death , his uncle Oskar von Zalewski , a soldier , developed a very close relationship with Erich and encouraged him to also pursue a military career .
She served as the President of Indonesia from 23 July 2001 to 20 October 2004 and was the country 's first female President .
The process was originally conceived as a way of preventing wine and beer from souring .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various confessions .
Elive ( '' Enlightenment live '' ) is a GNU\/Linux distribution based on Debian for legacy and commodity hardware with Intel processors .
In contrast to the episcopal polity of the Anglican and many Lutheran and Methodist churches , Reformed churches have two main forms of governance :
'' It Wo n't Be Long 'Til Christmas ( Let Them Go ) '' ( Roadshow version only )
Cromwell 's enemies dubbed him Tumbledown Dick or Queen Dick for his indecisive character .
The Franco-Prussian War or Franco-German War , often referred to in France as the 1870 War ( 19 July 1870 - 10 May 1871 ) was a conflict between the Second French Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia .
Saint-Célerin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Jackals fill a similar ecological niche to the coyote ( sometimes called the '' American jackal '' 4.1 Coyote Canis latrans Say , 1823 Least concern (/O2004/O) by E.M. Gese & M. Bekoff ) in North America .
An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
The Wisdom of Crocodiles (/O1998/O)
France 's largest cities are Paris , Marseille , Lyon , Lille , Toulouse , Nice , and Nantes .
Other units of time , the minute , hour , and day , are accepted for use with the modern metric system , but are not part of it .
Chitin ( C8H13O5N ) n ( ) is a long-chain polymer of a N-acetylglucosamine , a derivative of glucose , and is found in many places throughout the natural world .
During the Middle Ages organizations such as the Hanseatic League , aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade , also became increasingly prominent .
The cross in the bottom-left derives from the coat of arms of the imperial abbey of Lorsch Abbey , and the lion in the bottom-right is the sign of Hesse .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
These are probably used for a second olfactory capability , in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose .
Karin Victoria Silvstedt ( born 19 September 1974 ) is a Swedish celebrity model , actress , singer , and television personality .
After partition , in Pakistan Layyah was become the part of District Muzzaffargarh and in 1983 it was again separated from district Muzzaffargarh and given the status of district with three tehsils ( Layyah , Karor Lal Eisan and Chaubara ) .
Wynonna first rose to fame in the 1980s alongside her mother , Naomi , in the country music duo The Judds .
He is ridiculed and coerced into doing Hoshino 's dirty work , and finds solace only in the ethereal music Lily Chou-Chou makes .
A remix of the song features rapper American hip hop artist Consequence .
The most recent Moondyne Festival was on May 4 2008 .
In its simplest form , an interlinear gloss is simply a literal , word-for-word translation that may be incoherent in the language of translation .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
The Airbus A310 is a medium - to long-range widebody airliner .
He is primarily known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American version of the television comedy The Office .
Water pressure in local systems was lost and conditions were too extreme for fighters to continue efforts in some areas .
He produced many paintings , illustrations , advertisements , postcards , and designs .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum [ p ] is the name given to commonly used placeholder text ( filler text ) to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout .
Punk has lent this stringent DIY ethic to the indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground .
March 19 & ndash ; Thomas Killigrew , English dramatist ( b. 1612 )
In common usage what is sometimes called clearcut logging is not is necessarily considered a type of logging but a harvest or silviculture method and is simply called clearcutting or block cutting . In the forest products industry logging companies may be referred to as logging contractors .
Dje , or Djerv ( , ) is the sixth letter of the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet , used in the Serbian language to represent the sound , a voiced alveolo-palatal affricate , similar to the English '' j '' sound .
John Ellis '' Jeb '' Bush ( born February 11 , 1953 ) , 43rd Governor of Florida
For all these reasons Costa Rica was by and large unappreciated and overlooked by the Spanish Crown and left to develop on its own . It is believed that the circumstances during this period led to many of the idiosyncrasies for which Costa Rica has become known , whereas concomitantly setting the stage for Costa Rica 's development as a more egalitarian society than the rest of its neighbors .
Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
Bad Brains is an American hardcore punk band formed in Washington , D.C. in 1977 .
Biography Lovisa was born in Uppsala in Uppland .
He is the current incarnation of the Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
Other Tamil communities , such as those in South Africa and Fiji , no longer speak Tamil as a first language , but still retain a strong Tamil identity , and are able to understand the language , while most elders speak it as a first language .
that are still played at Yale today . Porter wrote 300 songs while at Yale .
Both Bangladesh and India are part of what is known as the Indian subcontinent and have had a long common cultural , economic and political history .
'' Defining Pseudoscience '' , Philosophia Naturalis , 33 : 169 -- 176 , as cited in '' Science and Pseudo-science '' (/O2008/O) in Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
His works include Synecdoche , New York , Being John Malkovich , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , Adaptation/O. , and Human Nature .
Mnemosyne ( or ; ' ) , source of the word mnemonic , was the personification of memory in Greek mythology .
The 1948 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in London , United Kingdom .
It was originally thought that this parasite infected fish brains ( hence the specific epithet cerebralis ) , however it quickly became apparent that while it can be found in the nervous system , it primarily infects cartilage and skeletal tissue .
Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima , which is rich in iron and magnesium .
The history of fortified buildings extends from antiquity to modern times .
The series 's popularity led to syndication around the world , including every night on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
The uppercase Q was written above the lowercase o , and this mark was transformed into the modern symbol .
Guillos is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Gaillardia pulchella ( Firewheel , Indian blanket , Indian Blanketflower , or Sundance ) , is a short-lived annual flowering plant native to the central United States .
__ NOTOC __
Also on the cemetery grounds are the final resting places of a number of local organized crime figures , most notably Al Capone .
On 28 April 1996 , Martin Bryant went on a killing spree at Port Arthur , murdering 35 people and wounding 21 more before being captured by Special Operatives Police .
A women 's liberation resolution on the issue of male chauvinism was passed by conference attendees , for the first time .
He has also played a good deal of chamber music , often with the pianist Emanuel Ax , with whom he has a close friendship back from their days together at the Juilliard School of Music in New York .
Martin Scorsese 's direction of The Departed earned him his second Golden Globe for Best Director , as well as a Critic 's Choice Award , his first Director 's Guild of America Award , and the Academy Award for Best Director .
Oslo is the cultural , scientific , economic and governmental center of Norway .
Its etymology derives from the verb grind .
Saint Vivien de Medoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Plumbing fixtures are designed for the end-users .
Most Christians believe that these verses say Jesus is God and they think it is a heresy to not believe Jesus is God .
The track features Daniel Stern on guitar and was produced by Don Gilmore and written by Lavigne and Ben Moody , former Evanescence guitarist and Lavigne 's then-current good friend .
SunSoft , HP , IBM and USL announced CDE in June 1993 as a joint development within the Common Open Software Environment ( COSE ) initiative .
When one civic group began to publish Klan membership lists , the number of members quickly declined . The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People carried on public education campaigns in order to inform people about Klan activities and lobbied against Klan abuses in Congress .
A mutual fund is a professionally managed type of collective investment scheme that pools money from many investors and invests typically in investment securities ( stocks , bonds , short-term money market instruments , other mutual funds , other securities , and\/or commodities such as precious metals ) .
Rougefay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal-winning eight-oared boats .
Modern codified savate provides for three levels of competition : assaut , pre-combat and combat .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
The first official bank holidays were the four days named in the Bank Holidays Act 1871 , but today the term is colloquially used for public holidays which are not officially bank holidays , for example Good Friday and Christmas Day .
The M1 Thickener ( MIL-T-589A ) , chemically a mixture of 25 % wt .
The province has an area of .
Saxons came to Devon in the 7th Century , and the King of Wessex attacked in 614 .
The intended purpose of Cominform was to coordinate actions between Communist parties under Soviet direction .
Yama is also mentioned in the Mahabharata as a great philosopher and devotee of Supreme Brahman .
Ape Escape ( known as Saru Get You in Japan ) is a series of video games made by Sony Computer Entertainment , starting with Ape Escape for PlayStation in 1999 .
King Louis XIV of France ( 1643 -- 1715 ) .
The Nabarlek ( Petrogale concinna ) , also known as the Pygmy Rock-wallaby or the Little Rock-wallaby , is a very small species of macropod found in northern Australia .
The second Sunday in May is Mother 's Day in the United States .
Sir Francis Galton FRS ( 16 February 1822 -- 17 January 1911 ) , cousin of Sir Douglas Galton , cousin of Charles Darwin , was an English Victorian polymath , anthropologist , eugenicist , tropical explorer , geographer , inventor , meteorologist , proto-geneticist , psychometrician , and statistician .
Later he learned French , Latin , Greek , Hebrew , and English , and had an interest in Italian , Spanish and Lithuanian .
Lewisville is part of the Idaho Falls , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .
When news of the liberal charter reached Mexico , Iturbide saw in it both a threat to the status quo and an opportunity for the criollos to gain control of Mexico .
He was associated with the Royal Opera House from 1952 , and with Opera Australia from 1970 .
According to Athena , Percy 's fatal flaw is loyalty , but this may or may not be true .
Lleyton Glynn Hewitt ( ; born 24 February 1981 ) is an Australian professional tennis player and former World No. 1 .
Kerosene shale was mined at Mount Temi , some 11.25 km to the north of Murrurundi from 1886 , but lay dormant for many years .
Thompson grew up in Calgary , Alberta , where his brother , Paul- who also became a professional ice hockey player- was born in 1906 .
He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 1979 , and knighted in the 1991 New Year Honours for his outstanding work and contributions to the theatre .
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild , foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either .
It was sponsored by the mineral water company Gerolsteiner Brunnen and Specialized .
Lands on the south side of the river were granted to the Bishop of Durham by Athelstan of England in 930 ; these became known as Bishopwearmouth and included settlements such as Ryhope which fall within the modern day boundary of Sunderland .
Mons succeeded Valenciennes as the capital of the county of Hainaut in 1295 and grew to 8,900 inhabitants by the end of the 15th century .
A pioneer in the ecology movement , Bookchin was the founder of the social ecology movement within anarchist , libertarian socialist and ecological thought .
Primary and secondary are relative terms , and some sources may be classified as primary or secondary , depending on how it is used .
The 2003 Formula One season was the 54th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Although his main position is a striker , he has played more regularly as a winger .
See also First Party System History of the United States Democratic Party List of political parties in the United States References Henry Brooks Adams , History of the United States during the Administrations of Thomas Jefferson ( 1889 ; Library of America ed .
The subject varies greatly in theoretical and methodological focus , but may be broadly divided into three interrelated areas : the critique of artistic styles and aesthetic forms ( genre , narrative , and so on ) , the study of the production process ( e.g. technologies and markets ) , and sociological analysis ( of ideological effects , reception and consumption , etc. ) .
Ultimate Fighting Championship http://www.ufc.tv www.ufc.tv ) ;
Geography The district was located on the northwestern slope of the Ore Mountains .
Most cardinals have additional duties , such as leading a diocese or archdiocese or running a department of the Roman Curia .
Many community centres and schools run evening or day classes and workshops offering to teach basic craft skills in a short period of time .
This article discusses the number thirty-eight .
Pakistan -- Russian relations ( ) are the relations of Pakistan and the Russian Federation .
In the spring of 1918 , the anarchist groups within the Moscow Federation formed armed detachments in reaction to the growing repression of all resistance and free expression .
Director Robert Maier made a documentary short about her in 1975 entitled Love Letter to Edie .
He was drafted by the Ravens in the third round of the 2008 NFL Draft . He played college football for the University of Notre Dame from 2003 to 2007 .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
ILP allows the compiler and the processor to overlap the execution of multiple instructions or even to change the order in which instructions are executed .
James Harold Wilson , Baron Wilson of Rievaulx , KG , OBE , FRS , PC ( 11 March 1916 - 24 May 1995 ) was a British Labor politician .
Concerned with the length of director Julie Taymor 's cut of the film , Revolution Studios chairman Joe Roth tested a sneak preview of a shortened version without first informing Taymor .
There are two living species of chinchilla , Chinchilla brevicaudata and Chinchilla lanigera .
Soap bubbles can help solve complex mathematical problems of space , as they will always find the smallest surface area between points or edges , for example .
The Comision de Hacienda issued 50 and 200 pesos in 1865 , whilst the Junta de Credito introduced notes for 10 and 20 centavos that year , followed by 5 and 40 centavos in 1866 and 1 , 2 , 5 and 10 pesos in 1867 .
The series carried on where the movie left off and charted Lilo 's efforts to capture and re-home Jumba 's remaining experiments .
These movement patterns are distinct to the taxa , separating them .
Toucan Sam is the mascot of Froot Loops .
The unusual spectrum brings Leonisis ' membership in the Flora family into doubt .
He was particularly associated with the music of English composers such as Edward Elgar and Ralph Vaughan Williams .
The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix .
'' A Day in the Life '' is a song by the English rock group The Beatles , the final track on the group 's 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Hesperis matronalis grows 100 cm or taller , with multiple upright hairy stems .
Silversun Pickups is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 2002 .
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan from external and internal threats .
He played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , first for the Boston Bruins , and later for the Detroit Red Wings .
In 1889 the Margherita pizza , whose red tomatoes , green basil , and white cheese represent the Italian flag , was named after her .
The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot , Pakistan .
If the stimulus is again tripled in strength ( i.e. , 3 x 3 x 1 ) , the corresponding perception will be three times as strong as its original value ( i.e. , 1 + 1 + 1 ) .
John Joseph '' Jack '' Nicholson ( born April 22 , 1937 ) is an American actor , film director and producer .
Coupling ( 2000 & ndash ; 2004 ) ( TV )
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt and is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving on the quest with Annabeth and Grover .
Brown is the author or co-author of over 50 books on global environmental issues and his works have been translated into more than forty languages .
Life and career Early life Paltrow was born in Los Angeles , California , the daughter of Blythe Danner , an actress , and Bruce Paltrow , a film and television director , writer , and producer .
In its two decades of existence , the Whig Party saw two of its candidates , William Henry Harrison and Zachary Taylor , elected president .
He made his main-roster debut on the April 16 , 2007 edition of WWE Raw in Milan , Italy , as a planted fan named Santino Marella claiming to be from Calabria , Italy .
Thoros ( 1244 -- 24 August 1266 )
Amherst is a village in Portage County , Wisconsin , United States .
The politics of Andorra take place in a framework of a parliamentary representative democracy , whereby the Prime Minister of Andorra is the head of government , and of a pluriform multi-party system .
Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers ' losses at US$ 1 billion from the earthquake ; estimated total damages exceed US$ 20 billion .
Wild blueberries , strawberries and mushrooms are to be found in the forests .
According to molecular genetic studies the gharial and the false gharial ( Tomistoma ) are close relatives , which would support to place them in the same family .
Darryl F. Zanuck considered that Monroe 's film potential was worth developing and cast her in Niagara , as a femme fatale scheming to murder her husband , played by Joseph Cotten .
Julia Gillard is the party 's federal parliamentary leader and Prime Minister of Australia .
Fincastle is a city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
This town became Neustrelitz ( = '' New Strelitz '' ) .
He currently plays for Atlético Mineiro .
Optical Density ( absorbance )
fi
It were Moondyne of course That took Ferguson 's horse .
As a singer , Hewitt has been signed by Atlantic Records and Jive Records .
Prior to the holiday of Eid ul-Fitr , mosques also collect a special zakat that is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims attend the prayers and celebrations associated with the holiday .
Oviraptor lived in the late Cretaceous period , during the late Campanian stage about 75 million years ago ; only one definitive specimen is known ( with associated eggs ) , from the Djadokhta Formation of Mongolia , though a possible second specimen ( also with eggs ) comes from the northeast region of Inner Mongolia , China , in an area called Bayan Mandahu .
It includes the basic theory of Chinese materia medica , '' crude medicine , '' '' prepared drug in slices '' ( ) and traditional Chinese patent medicines and simple preparations ' source , collection and preparation , performance , efficacy , and clinical applications .
Oscar Wilde , Irish writer ( d. 1900 )
This astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue , with a myriad of golden five-pointed stars .
This incident has been classified as Level 1 on the International Nuclear Event Scale News France bans water consumption over nuclear leak - News from France - Expatica .
With the advent of Java 2 ( released initially as J2SE 1.2 in December 1998 -- 1999 ) , new versions had multiple configurations built for different types of platforms .
While lauded at the time for his discoveries , today his legacy is seen as far more mixed considering the serious negative environmental impacts of these innovations .
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova de Seingalt ( April 2 , 1725 -- June 4 , 1798 ) was a Venetian adventurer and author .
Painful Memories for China 's Footbinding Survivors , by Louisa Lim , Morning Edition , March 19 , 2007 .
Soldiers of the Truchsess War and later the Thirty Years ' War raided Gerresheim .
Started in August 2004 , with biologists across the world invited to contribute , ( archive ) the project had grown a framework encompassing the Linnaean taxonomy with links to Wikipedia articles on individual species by April 2005 .
Lapis lazuli is a rock , largely formed from the mineral lazurite .
She is also known for her trademark double Biellmann spin with a foot change , which she also invented .
In 2005 Time magazine named him one of the world 's 100 most influential people .
Joanna Kerns ( born February 12 , 1953 ) is an American actress and director best known for her role as Maggie Seaver on the family situation comedy Growing Pains from 1985-1992 .
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation , and so is found in small quantities in some beers and wines .
The Call of Earth ( 1992 ) is the second book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
By May 30 , the moisture from the trough extended from Nicaragua through the southeastern Gulf of Mexico , with the greatest area of convection near Cuba .
This repressor ( the lac repressor ) is made in all cells , binding directly to DNA at the genes it controls , and physically preventing the transcription apparatus from gaining access to the DNA .
His themes often center on the inherent evil and sin of humanity and his works often have moral messages and deep psychological complexity .
Jeffrey Preston '' Jeff '' Bezos ( born January 12 , 1964 ) is the founder , president , chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Amazon.com .
Cassandra '' Cassie '' Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins who is portrayed by Hannah Murray .
It received eight Oscar nominations , including Best Picture , Best Actor for Robert De Niro , and Scorsese 's first for Best Director .
Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 , along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965 .
The mathematical theory of differential equations first developed , together with the sciences , where the equations had originated and where the results found application .
Lasse Lindh is a Swedish indie pop musician .
The most popular of these sports worldwide is association football , more commonly known as just '' football '' or '' soccer '' .
These may include increased heat output , increased noise level , problems with reading and writing of data , an increase in the number of damaged disk sectors , and so on .
The 3,000 seat Teatro Farnese , the first permanent proscenium theatre , is built into the Great Hall of the Palazzo della Pilotta in Parma , Italy .
Shogo Nishikawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
The Himalayan Snowcock ( Tetraogallus himalayensis ) is a snowcock in the pheasant family Phasianidae found across the Himalayan ranges and parts of the adjoining Pamir range of Asia .
In certain applications , where small size is not a primary concern , the components used may be compatible with those used in general purpose computers .
He has written eight numbered symphonies since- a symphonic cycle of the Symphonies Nos. 1 - 7 ( 1976 - 2000 ) , a Symphony No. 8 titled the ` Antarctic ' ( 2000 ) , a Sinfonia Concertante ( 1982 ) , as well as the series of ten Strathclyde Concertos for various instruments ( pieces born out of his association with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra , 1987 - 1996 ) .
The Royal Ontario Museum ( ROM ) is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Angelic Salutation , Hail Mary , or Ave Maria ( Latin ) is a traditional Christian prayer asking for the intercession of the Virgin Mary , the mother of Jesus .
Until recently , photovoltaics were most commonly used in remote sites where there is no access to a commercial power grid , or as a supplemental electricity source for individual homes and businesses .
The fossil was published in Nature dated August 15 , 1959 , but due to a strike of the printers the issue was not released until September .
In addition to its academic undertakings , the University is also involved in research and community extension projects .
Heather Joan Graham ( born January 29 , 1970 ) is an American actress and fashion model .
On 28 May 2009 , the first section of the Circle Line from Marymount Station to Bartley Station was opened .
Waleed al-Shehri and Wail al-Shehri sat in first class seats 2B and 2A respectively .
Cassius ' first office was as quaestor under Marcus Licinius Crassus in 53 BC , an office in which he proved himself to have a capable military mind .
And after that the LORD sent a rophet and said , '' Do you see this vast army ?
-- Olu esas bela planeto -- dicis la serpento - .
Miep Gies ( February 15 , 1909 -- January 11 , 2010 ) was one of the Dutch citizens who hid Anne Frank , her family and several family friends in an attic annex above Anne 's father 's place of business from the Nazis during World War II .
Marco Zanchi ( born 15 April 1977 in San Giovanni Bianco ) is an Italian defender currently play for Vicenza .
is a Japanese football player , who currently plays for the J. League team Kashima Antlers .
Intended for consumption during physically active occasions , Gatorade beverages are formulated to rehydrate and replenish fluid , carbohydrates and electrolytes .
As of December 2010 , South Australia has thirteen operational wind farms , with an installed capacity of 1,018 megawatts ( MW ) .
The Gilbert and Ellice Islands were a British protectorate from 1892 and colony from 1916 until 1 January 1976 when the islands were divided into two different colonies which became independent nations shortly after .
Immediately afterward , the WWE Undisputed Championship returned to being the WWE Championship .
Formal languages are often used as the basis for richer constructs endowed with semantics .
Nerium oleander L. Flora of China .
This is a list of cities in Turkey by population .
Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem , released June 18 , 2010 on Shady Records , Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records .
He was asked to play for national team of Bosnia-Herzegovina , but he chose to play for FR Yugoslavia ( Serbia and Montenegro ) .
Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives ( commonly known as Metal Archives per the URL or just MA ) is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music .
On January 1 , 2006 Herent had a total population of 19,218 .
Babylonne (/O2008/O) ( also a companion to the Pagan Chronicles )
Chakra ( derived from the Sanskrit ( ) , pronounced in Hindi ; Pali : chakka , Tamil : Sakkeram , Chinese : , ; khorlo ) is a Sanskrit word that translates as '' wheel '' or '' turning '' .
Ocala is a city in Marion County , Florida .
E numbers are also encountered on food labeling in other jurisdictions , including the GCC , Australia , New Zealand and Israel .
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia , 6th ed .
This led him to propose his '' Mosaic '' theory of epigenesis : after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic , each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design .
However , the term woman is also sometimes used to identify a female human , regardless of age , as in phrases such as '' Women 's rights '' .
In 1849 parts of Caldwell County , Ashe County , Wilkes County , and Yancey County were combined to form Watauga County .
Final Straw is the third album by Snow Patrol , released in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland in 2003 and in the United States in 2004 .
The azuki bean ( , formerly spelled adzuki or aduki ) is an annual vine widely grown throughout East Asia and the Himalayas for its small ( approximately 5 mm ) bean .
An economic system can be considered a part of the social system and hierarchically equal to the law system , political system , cultural , etc. .
Daignac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Sidcup went on to form part of the London Borough of Bexley in Greater London and Chislehurst formed part of the London Borough of Bromley .
The total population as of the 2000 census was 3,696 persons with almost 85 percent living in its only town of Avalon ( pop .
She is going to sacrifice her own freedom by taking Lulu 's place so that nobody will discover she has escaped until it is too late .
Singers perform music known as songs that can either be sung a cappella ( without accompaniment ) or accompanied by musicians and instruments ranging from a single instrumentalist to a full symphony orchestra or big band .
Gammer ( real name Matt Lee ) is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
He won the European Cup Winners ' Cup with Hamburger SV in 1977 , was runner-up with them in the European Cup in 1980 after winning the Bundesliga title the season before .
Principal photography for the film began in July 1995 in New York City , and the film was officially completed on June 20 , 1996 .
